Looks neat, but is there that much difference between silverback or just recording people using screenflow? I get the idea of the chapter marking, and I guess it probably helps if you're trying to track 10+ subjects at a time... I've not used it "specifically" for testing, but have let people use a site and record via screenflow. I wasn't being terribly scientific about it at the time tho. :) Apparently it's not quite battled-tested yet: http://gyazo.com/b206847fc013a9985f43cdaa7d066f9b.png Sorry I didn't reply before. Not as interesting as I'd hoped - I either needed to give more direction, or need to use a bigger group next time. "length of stay doesn't correlate accurately with technical skill at all" They're not looking for technical skill - at least, not as a primary factor. They're looking for people who will stick around even when things get crappy, will put up with internal political maneuverings, people who will grit their teeth and deal with annoying coworkers and will tend to stay even when there's better short term offers. For the company this is a win on a number of levels. Less cost of retraining new hires and the lost productivity that comes with new people entering a shop. Less need to get institutional knowledge out of people and in to documented systems. Freedom to experiment with new directions, because if things go south, they'll have a 'loyal' team who will stick around anyway. These aren't necessarily good or bad, just how it is. So, keep that in mind. Companies often are not looking for top-notch software skills, but a 'whole package', and they'll way often settle for 'good enough' on the whole package, even if it means average software skills. slick - thanks for the tip! Any advantages of this over other grid systems, besides size? Any drawbacks? "These don't make any sense to me because there are already apps that perfectly fulfill those needs if people have them." Obviously not. Those other apps don't offer the simplicity and UI experience that yours does. What you're offering is resonating with some people, but they want what you have right now plus more . People are telling you this, and you're just telling them to go away and use another tool? Your prerogative, but you're asking how to take this to the 'next level', and your users are already telling you how - you don't need to ask HN. "They will probably just stick with Word, but they will often still find the LaTeX-produced resumes better looking" Can someone show me examples of what constitutes "better looking" when comparing these two tools for CVs? The comparison seems a bit unfair, in that the SQL Server stuff is going to be installing a boatload more stuff - much of which will be useful to administration (management tools - backups, schema mgt, etc). In cases where you don't need that, pg or mysql can win, but a SQL Server install is so much more than just the engine. Doesn't seem all that stupid to me. It's just a tool. Certainly, if someone happens to find out that I've got card 2e9c9735b1c972c8 and that I use every other letter from the blue row for my bank password, yes, I'm in trouble, but that's enough obscurity for me. Better yet, I'll simply look like I'm using the card, but actually using my trust old " " for my real password! Excellent points. I might take a bit of exception with the 'focus on what you're good at', with the reply that some people may simply be really good generalists. Besides understanding tech, you generally need to have good people skills. Between good social skills and having a good graps on the tech to serve your clients, you may not need to become a domain expert on DNS, or email spam filters, or CSS3, or JavaScript, or any number of tech skills (or business domain skills). Sometimes being able to parse out a client's problem and bring in the appropriate freelance skills when necessary may be the best skill you have. That said, you have to know yourself. If you're really passionate about search, go become a Lucene expert and become the 'go to search guy' in your area (or perhaps even in a vertical). Isolation can hurt - I have regular phone calls with a distributed group of guys who are all in similar (yet different) career stages as me, and we bounce ideas off each other, critique, offer support and skills when needed, and so on. Hearing real people on a phone helps much more than solely email or forums. phatbyte - I'd like to pick your brain a bit more - mgkimsal@gmail.com please if you're so inclined. Thanks. I seem to remember some pundit stating they believed the reason AT&T agreed to the initial pricing in the first place was that they didn't think many people would be using 3G on the ipad, preferring wifi instead. Can anyone find that quote or story? I'm drawing a blank, but it seemed to be one of the stupidest things I'd read in a while at that point. My guess is that people have been using so much 3G data that AT&T realizes they'll be in a horrible situation as the iPad adoption grows - could be 4-5 million 3G devices with long battery life basically in an 'always on' state, using up far more bandwidth than anyone predicted. That said, I just can not figure out why people can't seem to predict this. Most active users (the early adopters) can easily use 5-10 gig on a ipad as part of their 'always on' lifestyle. This isn't rocket science. I think this is the same with most people putting out inspirational/motivational material. At some point, it isn't inspirational to you , but it still is to others. That means you've grown and developed, and other people can too. I used to listen to Dave Ramsey a lot years ago to get some motivation and get certain things drilled in to my head. After about the 300th show, I could tell you about 95% of the time what he was going to say, almost word for word. That doesn't mean it's bad or he's repetitive (well, he is) but that it's 'worked' already - I don't really need that type of motivation in my life as I once did, as it did the trick. Yahoo was categorized early on, and gave you a sense of what was available by topic. Until there was a critical mass of web data, something like Google might not have taken off. CL taking a google style approach from day one would have been a failure, imo, because there wasn't a critical mass, and open ended 'google-style searching' for stuff on small amounts of data usually leads to 'nothing found' - not a good experience. I get the 'true open source' idea at core, but am trying to come up with something for them which balances out their needs with wanting it to be somewhat open. It's not competition... well, sort of. It's something being developed by a local government and they do not want the taxpayers money to be developing something that someone will take and resell back to the same constituents by simply using some advertising. At least, that's my current understanding (and as a taxpayer, I sort of agree). Dual-license GPL seems sort of like the way to go, or potentially even the Affero/GPL approach? Their idea is that this may be something other agencies in other states might be able to reuse, and they don't want to put restrictions on that, but are concerned that someone will take the code and 'sell' it, when it's been taxpayer $ funding it. http://wiki.creativecommons.org/FFAQ#Can_I_license_software_... "Can I license software using CC licenses? We do not recommend it. Creative Commons licenses should not be used for software." yeah, the dual-license and selling stuff is already something I mentioned and have counseled against (not that they were really considering doing it yet). Still exploring alternatives. If you have enough savings, you can go with a 'high deductible' plan, in which you cover the first $x thousand dollars out of pocket, then split some costs with insurer, then insurer covers you after $y dollars spent. The price is highly dependent on what state you live in. In North Carolina, I have a high deductible plan with a $5500 deductible for $270/month, which covers my wife and I, both older than you, and we're not in perfect health. A side benefit is that if you use a high-deductible plan, you're allowed to put money in a 'health savings account' which is tax deductible, and you can use that money to pay for pretty much any medical expenses you have. It rolls over year to year, and can be treated like any other retirement account (investments, etc). If you go with more traditional 'i don't ever want to pay anything out of pocket' coverage, you'll likely be looking in the $500-$1000/month range, again, depending on what state you're living in. For a single person in Michigan, for example, it might only be around $200 - http://www.bcbsm.com/myblue/plan_individualcareblue.shtml but similar coverage with a 'high deductible' might only be $60/month - http://www.bcbsm.com/myblue/plan_flexibleblue.shtml That's not an HSA then - that's a 'cafeteria plan' thing I bet. HSA is your own account via an HSA-capable banking institution. It's basically just another IRA, but you can pay for medical expenses from it with no penalties. The 'cafeteria plans', IMO, are a bit of a joke, specifically because of the 'use it or lose it' clause, which forces people to waste money or buy stuff they don't need. I did have one HR person tell me once that they'd cut you a check back for the diff if it wasn't spent, but then it counts as 'taxable income' and this was said with some degree of gravity, as if that was some type of 'ultimate sin' - having taxable income! I'd rather keep the 70% of my money rather than spending it on something vaguely 'medical' that I do not need, thank you. ask them to cover your travel costs at the very least (flight/car/hotel/food). ask them afterwards what they might have paid, or what they might typically pay for a speaker on this subject or of your (limited) fame. Given that you've not done it before, and you've done it for free, you must like the talk/topic, so ease in to this with travel costs covered. They may see fit to give you a small honorarium of a few hundred dollars on top of that. Is there a choice in inkjet printers that will provide you with a list of 3rd party ink suppliers, and perhaps even encourage use of recycled inks from 3rd parties? If so, how would people know about that until after they'd 'voted with their wallet' and purchased the product? If you really love your tools right now, don't switch. I would suggest learning something else, though (I chose Grails a few years ago), because at the very least it'll give you a new appreciation for your toolset. You'll understand the strengths more, you may identify some weaknesses (either inherent in your tools or how you use them) and start to think about how to use your own chosen tools better. I split my time between PHP and Grails now, for the most part (some occasional other work) and knowing both I have a better idea of how/when to use specific approaches. You may end up hating your PHP toolset after a while using something else, because you'll start noticing how verbose PHP makes some tasks (using a framework like symfony can sometimes reduce that). Or you may recoil at how ugly some of the Ruby or Python stuff feels to you. You won't know until you try, but I think everyone should take some time to learn a moderately different platform at some point, if only to help to understand your own platform better. Hey mindcrime - I'm up for it, but somewhere closer to my side of town would be great. Morrisville/BrierCreek would be acceptable. :) FWIW, I'm organizing a wake forest area tech/web meetup as well soon. One of the issues I've seen with Basecamp is that it's bought quite a lot - I've done contracting work for a number of companies large and small in my area, and most of them had used basecamp in the past or were still paying for it when I got there. Problem was, no one was using it 'right'. Based on the comments here, and other critiques I've read, it seems to be a good fit to a far smaller group of orgs than people think (especially the people who buy it). They end up beating their heads against the wall, or abandoning web-based PM tools altogether - "well, we tried the leader and it doesn't work for us - we're too unique and special, so we'll just keep doing everything on paper" (not actual words, but the gist I've heard before). So 37S ends up being phenomenal marketers that have a service many people want to buy, but more people buy it than can get real value out of it because it wasn't built for their needs in the first place. Certainly 37S is not ultimately responsible for people continuing to pay for something that doesn't work, but they do a pretty good sales job via word-of-mouth evangelism, even when it's a poor fit for an org's needs. Maybe too good? It's meant to be used in conjunction with her instructor-led classes, so it won't necessarily be the same as something that was written explicitly to be a 'book'. That said, Rebecca's very sharp, knows her stuff, and how to communicate and explain things well in person. I haven't read this yet, but assume much of that will translate to the written word. To chime in - get out. What the owner is doing is illegal as well as unfair. As for not wanting his business to fail, I agree taking intentional actions to cause harm would be bad, but I suspect they'll cause themselves enough harm simply by you not being there soon after you leave. From the other side of the table, I employed a handful of people in the early 2000s. We had a couple good years, and then a couple bad years. Got the point where the money wasn't coming in regularly, and I had some people stay well past the point where it was good for their own financial well-being. While I appreciated the loyalty (whether to me or solely to the clients, I'm not 100% sure) but I did tell them to leave if they could find something else, or take side work, or something. I would never want to be in a position where I was doing what's happening to you to someone else. I've been in situations where I've been exploited, but not to this level, and it sucked, and I got the heck out as fast as possible once the reality set in. I would suggest expanding the freelancing. You don't have much time right now cause you're working 50+ hours per week for someone else. It should not be hard to replace what is effectively a $10/hour job with some extra freelancing work. I've had a friend of mine recently jump from 'job' to fulltime freelance, and while he's not booked up 100% of the time, he's increased that hourly rate, so just to keep up with where he was before he doesn't need to bill full time. Go back to your current freelancing clients, and explain that you'll be on the market soon. Ask if they have any extra work they need doing, ask them for referrals to other colleagues they may have who need what you do, and then ask them to be a reference. Preferably something in writing - a predone text file that you can use on your website and to include in your email marketing for new work. Update your linkedin.com page, and hit up your network there for more work. Finding work, especially as a freelancer, is very much about your network, and you have to curate that aspect of your life with intention and purpose. Happenstance and serendipity are great - they've brought some great things in to my life - but it's not enough. Hope is not a strategy. :) Start (re)developing your professional network outside of your current employment situation, and watch your freelancing grow. Maybe freelancing only tides you over for a few months, and you manage to land another f/t job. Don't ever forget that you're still in charge of your own career and life. Your current situation should help drive that home for a long time, but don't dwell on it. Use it as motivation to build your professional network so that you never have all your eggs in someone else's basket again. Own multiple baskets. Even if you don't put eggs in any for long stretches, they're still your basket. Best of luck to you, and I hope things turn around very quickly for you. It's hard to raise rates on existing clients in a short time frame - giving them some notice (3 months?) would be more professional. Your current predicament is not their problem, really. However, if you could offer extra services (like, you never did DB work for them, now you'll do DB work) having a different rate for different types of work is more palatable. The best option would be to pick a framework and learn to use it. I may get flamed for this view, but I don't really think it matters as much which framework you choose, just choose one and learn to use it well. Invest time in to learning with it on a throwaway project. You will not be as productive end-to-end on day 1 as you are with your current tools - that's OK, because after learning a framework, you will be more productive than pure hand-coding for any web-app of any complexity. You'll likely be safer, because there's been more effort put in to most frameworks to help protect against web attacks (SQL injection in most cases). Learning a framework will teach you to think differently about your development process, as well as introduce you to a community of like-minded developers all using the same tool. It will help you develop a development process. You'll get to the point where you're comfortable and productive, and then you'll start noticing limitations in whatever framework you're using. That's the time to start looking for another one, and either jumping over to using that, or more ideally, looking at what ideas and components you can reincorporate in to your current tech stack. I love Grails (Java) because, while it's niche, it makes model-drive development a snap. I create classes, identify relationships, and the system can generate the db layer (tables, etc) for me automatically. There are ways to do some of this in PHP, but the language itself makes this extremely verbose. However... I still use PHP (now using zfkit as a basis) for some projects, and have done some .Net work where it made sense (on an MS-only project, to be precise). It's easier to jump around now because I've spent time understanding not just the particular languages involved, but thinking about how web apps are commonly abstracted (MVC, service layers, db layers, etc). Understanding those common patterns makes it easier to swap between frameworks and platforms as needed. Gentle plug - I'm working on a starter kit for zend framework - zfkit.com - which aims to bring a somewhat better 'out of the box' experience to ZF (at least from my perspective). You can download and it's bundled and preconfigured to use the Doctrine ORM tool. That said, if ZF and Doctrine rather make you say "huh?" it may not be for you just yet. :) Generally, no. You could look at the incoming mail logs if you run your own server, and I've used that to verify someone was indeed mailing in but it was labelled as junk immediately (grepping through the junk mailbox was prohibitive). I watched as I had someone on the phone saying "I'm mailing" to make this happen. I'd vote for the basecamp option, but not specifically basecamp (not my cup of tea - I'm using redmine right now). Having a central web service where email is ancillary to the process, not vital, helps keep everyone up to date and has the added bonus of creating a history log of what's happened on a project. This makes bringing in other people easier to do because they can see the history of the project at a glance and ask more intelligent questions when getting started. However, making, say, 80, spending time promoting them, and perhaps having a few of those be moderate successes may make this a much more viable option. I have a friend who's pursuing this option of making multiple apps (not sure he's to 80 yet, but will likely surpass that in the next year). I agree, the chance of one app being the runaway success that affords one an early retirement is pretty remote, but the tech press loves to promote the huge success stories, and many others love to follow them. I can say that in the case of my friend, it's not repackaged content, but actual real apps. They tend to be somewhat on the basic side, but are nonetheless 'real' apps in the sense of having real hand programming behind them and such. FWIR, he's using Titanium, which makes it pretty easy to do basic apps fast (but still native apps all the same). Whether Apple will continue to let Titanium exist on the iOS platform is a whole other question :) It's generally going to be a few hundred bucks if you have someone else do it for you, or minimally > $100 for DIY in most states (NC is $125, plus $200/year renewal fee). You don't pay "15.3% more taxes". 15.3ish percent from income is taxed for FICA (social security, etc). You pay roughly half of that 7.x% in traditional employment situations, and the employer pays the other half. Someone making $100k is actually costing the employer $107.6k (roughly). As a sole prop you pay both halves of this tax - that's where the 15.3% comes from. However, you deduct half of it when computing the rest of your income taxes. Long and short - talk to a tax person about how you this is handled. It's not hard , but taking an hour or so to get your head around it is advisable. As to scorp/llc/ccorp, etc... Two points. One, for a single person there likely won't be any major diff between scorp or llc except more paperwork as an scorp. You can elect to be taxed as an scorp while retaining LLC status, but I don't know many who do that. Also, the arguable tax advantages of scorps are likely being reduced or eliminated soon via impending legislation in the US, so don't choose that for tax reasons. There may be some other reasons re: shareholders and such, but you can always 'trade up' to a larger corp at some point if you need to. I do some work with agencies who can get work with me as a sole prop, but if I work under the LLC name, they have to go through a full public bidding process, which a) takes longer, b) increases the chance I might not get the work and c) generally adds more cost to the project all around. So, even though I have an LLC, I still do some work 'outside' of that structure, depending on the situation. I don't want to be all wishy-washy here, but possibly in a future version you might have the option to 'show full page' or 'just the naked version'. A quick toggle to switch back and forth would be handy. If you're aiming at developers , I can say that as one, I'd much rather have control over my own data on my own hardware, however nice the tools are. That said, having your tool generate out a full running app which I can then install and build on would be great. Build in structo, then output for Django, Rails, ZendFramework, Grails, ASP.NET MVC, etc. I would pay a per-use fee for something like that - the 'per use' meaning the generation of the code in whatever framework format I wanted. It's going to save me a fair amount of setup boilerplate time, and I can then take it and continue to do whatever custom integration and extension work that I need to do. Let me design out the conceptual app I want as a non-developer, then find someone who can implement my project. I can give that person/team a starter kit with my core app fleshed out in whatever tech they're comfortable with, and they can take it from there. As nice as those frameworks are above, there's not a true drag/drop interface for the bulk of the mundane project setup work (well, possibly for the .NET side of things). Care to share what those 3 things were you want to do but can't find apps for? Great feedback. The overwhelming responses here (and my own as well) included "talk to a professional". The majority of people I know haven't seen that much of a tax difference one way or another when freelancing as individuals whether scorp or llc precisely because of the 'reasonable salary' requirement. If you manage to pull in $200k freelancing, but only salary $30k to yourself, yes, you're 'shielding' over $150k from self-employment tax, but that's a pretty big red flag which may trigger an audit. "If it does not pass, they have cost themselves a good deal of money on a inferior election." There's nothing to stop you from changing your corp status or starting a new one if you get to the point where one structure makes more financial sense than another. The original poster's question was to do with freelancing first and later developing an application. I suspect the freelancing income will likely not rise to the point where there's much of a difference between scorp shieldability vs llc passthrough taxation (arguably, yes, any benefit is better than none). Another poster's suggestion of starting up another entity specifically for the application development may be the best option all around, but, yet again, consulting a local professional competent in the laws of your locality would be the best bet one could take, regardless of other HN suggestions. While an scorp structure makes the most sense for your situation, it might not for the OP. They'd need to have people opt-in, otherwise privacy nuts would be complaining that "MW is holding on to my personal clothing sizes for years without my consent!". Opt-in would be fine, but I have to say as someone who is in the process of aging, I'm not the same shape I was 5 years ago. 6 months probably, but I doubt for many people the data is actually usable without a refit after, say, 3-4 years. I'm mildly shocked that someone gets the title of CTO these days and doesn't have home internet access. As someone else mentioned, you'd be getting it for work, so it's tax deductible. Obviously we don't know your situation, but if I had system problems that were continually causing 2-3% downtime, I'd be working all hours of the day (and night) to fix it so that I don't have to stretch out the fix to an even longer period of time. I realize that's probably not all you're doing at work, but this sounds a bit like putting off stuff that's not fun. Plow in, head down, get it done so that issue (or those issues) don't cause you any more late nights. That said, you also sound a bit unsure of the future - not much money left, trying to become profitable, etc. Are you looking for another position? If so, I would expect most other orgs would expect 'internet at home' from a CTO - especially one with an equity stake (however small). I hear ya - and some of that wasn't quite clear from the original post (already doing 70-80 hours, 2 years, etc). And I feel for ya too - I hope it turns around for you. That said, having net access at home might end up being better, if you can manage it. Depending on the work, it may allow you to be more flexible how and when you address problems, and still have some personal/family time as well. the content is going to have to be extremely compelling to compete against youtube/vimeo offerings. For premium content I have a real desire or need to see (concerts, something for work/school/etc) I might pay, but possibly still would look elsewhere. I think the idea is interesting , but you'll need to find the specific publishers that think they have the content worth paying for. Are you timing the playtime, or putting in 'pay wall' at a specific timer in the video? Also, going to a separate website is way too jarring - I think the experience would have to be in-player for it to be workable. I might be proved wrong, but that's my gut feeling. Good luck! tj - i have two people in detroit area who would likely be interested in talking to you about a startup opp. email me if you're interested. fwiw, the 'going to another page' is pretty jarring. Having a paywall inside the player would make it far more understandable. email's in my profile - mgkimsal@gmail.com (shows it to me - not sure why you don't see it). No, neither are able to relocate at this time (not sure if they're willing but I know in short term that's out of the question). You mentioned Detroit, which is why I brought it up. having it scan the words on the page and offer suggestions for tags would be helpful (not sure if it's feasible or not). combining the list page with a 'share this' or 'make a short url' version would be useful too. Interesting idea. Wondering A) how this is done (mturk?) and B) how this will be monetized. I've found the stock ubuntu repositories tend to have more up to date packages. For centos I end up needing to add external third party repositories to get basic LAMP-stack stuff current. That said, I still use centos for most things mostly because current centos is supported by the virtualmin install script, and I use virtualmin for many projects. All said, there's not a huge difference between centos and ubuntu for basic web server administration - you still need to understand the underlying tools - apache, mysql, dns, etc. regardless of the OS chosen. "But why should I care?" If you know ahead of time they're only interviewing for a position that tops out at $35k and you don't want anything less than $60k, it's better to not waste everyone's time. I think it's wishful thinking. Most companies (large and small) I've worked at or known about (via friends) have ranges for particular positions. It doesn't really matter what you want if you're vastly outside of what they've been allocated to pay. Yes, occasionally orgs will bend the position to fit you and modify pay accordingly, but it's rare enough to be the 'exception that proves the rule' when it does happen. I offer both Paypal and Google. There are people who are funny about paypal - they use Google. Others are funny about Google - they use paypal. It covers a very wide range of people without being too much of a hassle. FWIW, I started with just Paypal, and noticed a bump in paid users when I added Google checkout. I hope you notice the same bump when you go with paypal :) gentle plug for my own magazine: http://jsmag.com is a monthly PDF magazine on JavaScript which has been out for a bit over a year. "Ready to print" but we don't handle printing right now. Original content, DRM-free, JavaScript (and some front-end) articles. http://jsmag.com/sampler to grab the 24 page sampler. IIRC it was closer to 25-30% in the first month for single-issue purchases. I'd estimate overall increased sales about 15% over the long haul - certainly worth the initial up front dev time to add it. It's been time for about 10 years. As another poster just put - credit. We accept the concept of 'buying on credit' for just about every other aspect of our lives, but somehow phones are exempt. We could probably get cars subsidized if we agreed to only purchase gas for a Ford from Mobil stations, and Toyotas could only by gas at BP stations. But why would we accept that? More to the point, if phones/service was truly split up, and the majority of people bought there items separately, there would be more competition to drive phone prices down. Local BestBuy here has a Spring Palm Pre - the older 8gb model - for (IIRC) $99 - but buying it without the 2 year service agreement, the 'suggested retail price' is $749. But it's still locked down - I can't buy it and use it on anything except Sprint, and I can't get any service from Sprint except for a 2 year service agreement anyway (IIRC). What's also interesting is that the 'retail' price of the Pre seems to have gone up over time - last summer I could swear it was $599 or $649. It was $749 checking today. Yes, Sprint may be a bad example here, but the gist is the same. If the voice service plans truly are subsidizing the cheap prices, give me an option to buy a full price phone and get service without the monthly service subsidy built in. My $39 voice plan should be $29 or $24 monthly if I'm not having to subsidize the phone price purchase. In the Pre example, there's ostensibly a $650 'subsidy' for the Palm Pre, but I still can't get a used Pre and set it up with Sprint and get a cheaper 'unsubsidized' service plan. Over 2 years, I should be able to save $27/month without having to subsidize the original phone purchase price. We're not given those options because the status quo is a combination which maximizes profit for the companies and presents the biggest barriers to people switching or canceling service. Depends on what you want to do with it. It might be useful to install webmin or virtualmin. Both can help you do the things you already know more conveniently, and both can expose you to some configuration options you didn't know existed. One of the things I like about virtualmin and usermin is that they do very little in terms of non-standard config file manipulation (relative to, say, plesk). Agreed that resolving problems from usermin can sometimes be problematic, it is convenient for a lot of things too. Being able to use the proper tool (control panel or straight command line) is best. I'd found that using a tool to do X would let me then go look at the config files before and after X to see what/how the tool was doing - that was a great learning exercise for me. Might not be for others though. I think muxa was wondering you'd have built this on .net. I'm assuming it's because that's probably the skillset you have. Am I correct? potentially useful idea - good start saw this a while back - interesting video. wondering what the implications are for current climate considering there's less lending going on today. Not sure where you're looking: http://www.indeed.com/jobtrends?q=C%23,php&l= There's quite a lot of C# jobs out there, but I doubt there's many in the 'dude we're a startup' scene. Perhaps there's where you're looking? The C# jobs are going to tend to be in larger corporate America (in the US, obviously. Personally I think MS has been painting themselves in to the corner of only being a viable toolset for larger corporate America due to their pricing. They acknowledge this themselves with programs like BizSpark and WebsiteSpark. It's a good language, and .NET is a powerful framework, just very tied to the Windows platform (mono notwithstanding). And the Windows platform is pretty expensive compared to other platforms. Although the tools are very nice, if it comes down to spending thousands on premium tools vs saving thousands and learning to do stuff 'by hand', most startups choose the 'by hand' route. BizSpark and/or WebsiteSpark can help reduce that upfront cost for a few years, but at some point you'll need to pay the piper. If you want to work in a startup working in the web space, PHP/Ruby/Python will be the way to go. Those are even runnable on Windows - MS has made a lot of commitment to getting PHP running well on Windows. If you're looking for a high-paying corporate job, C# may be the better route, depending on where you're located. Oh, you're on Cinci - there should be a lot of options between Cinci, KY, IN, and perhaps TN or PA. You're a few hours from a lot of places. Good luck! That's cool that you are. I'd suggest you're probably in a minority, but good luck to you all the same. The ability to execute on ideas is the most important thing, and if it's easier for you to execute using a .NET stack, fantastic! To be clear, it's my gut feeling - based on the personal experiences, that most web-based startups are not using the MS platform for a variety of reasons, pricing being one of them. The "vs" example above would simply be ".NET vs non-.NET" If you think .NET-oriented web-based startups have a > 50% share of that market, I'd really be curious as to any evidence (even anecdotal) for that belief. "startup C#" - 818 jobs http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=startup+C%23&l= "startup php" - 1373 jobs http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=startup+php&l= However: "php" has 17236 http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=php&l= "C#" has 41446 http://www.indeed.com/jobs?q=c%23&l= C# has a much higher number of job postings, but far fewer with the word "startup" in the post. Yes, totally unscientific, but it seems to indicate what I'm seeing in the real world. Looking at my own network, which includes a variety of .net, php, ruby, python and java folks, the overwhelming number of people involved in bootstrapping, freelancing or startup endeavours are not using .NET. Again, I point to websitespark, bizspark, and MS' own efforts in helping PHP operate smoothly on their own platform. 10 years ago PHP was laughed at by most MS people I know. Today, it still is by many of the same people, but Microsoft as a company must see enough demand for it that they spend time with some of the PHP development team making sure that PHP runs smoothly on Windows. MS now provides a one-click installer for PHP on top of that. Yes, certainly, all this is simply anecdotal, and I've absolutely no way of knowing for certain how many 'startups' use .net vs not using it. When people still refer to facebook as a 'startup' perhaps the term has lost all meaning whatsoever, and anyone who's opened a company in the past 15 years is now running a 'startup'. But again, I fall back to my own experiences in and around my network. People * I know* using .NET are generally doing so in larger corporate environments (where it's much easier to afford all the tooling which makes .NET fun/easy to develop with) People I know in smaller orgs, smallbiz startup mode, or freelancing are generally not using .NET, primarily because of price. The pricing is part of the motivation behind websitespark and bizspark programs of the past couple years. If MS themselves weren't seeing a defection in the smallbiz/startup scene away from the MS platform, I doubt we'd have seen these programs come in to existence in the first place. We certainly didn't see them 12 years ago. This belief was also largely reinforced by casual 'in the hallway' conversations with attendees at the recent CodeStock event in Knoxville. While language-agnostic in theory, it's still largely an MS-oriented event, based on both attendees' background and session topics around 50% of the topics were .net-oriented) Is this really just a problem with MySQL DBAs? The article mentioned that companies 'can find MS SQL and Oracle DBAs easy enough (they just have to pay a lot)' but I suspect this isn't the case entirely. My network certainly isn't the largest, but I do have contacts in pretty much all major web/tech fields. When I'm hit up for a position (I'm contacted probably once a week, give or take) I'm often hard pressed to think of anyone who's a) qualified and b) interested in switching jobs, regardless of the technology. The market seems to be pretty tight across the board. At least, that's how it seems to me. As for companies 'just paying more', perhaps some are doing that, but more seem to be content to just sit some projects out if they can't find someone to meet their budget. Some time ago I put together a survey on programming languages and religious affiliation. http://www.kimsal.com/reldevsurvey/results.php and the filtered data is at http://www.kimsal.com/reldevsurvey/filtereddata.txt if anyone would care to pull it down and play with it. I wouldn't rule out something medically not quite optimal with your brain and you may want to talk to a professional about some medication to help bring things in to a balance (you didn't mention that you'd done that yet or not). Medical aspects aside, it sounds like you've not been able to find a niche yet. I'm not trying to trivialize this, but you obviously do have some passion (as others note) but you can't channel it in to something productive for very long. It also sounds like you're trying to do this all on your own. There are people who remain stuck in one routine for years or decades. You have the ability - probably a compulsion - to get in to new situations routinely. Believe it or not, this would be seen as an asset in many organizations. A 'presales engineer' position (if you're technical) might be a great position to get in to, as you're constantly getting in to new situations and people, most of whom you won't need to deal with a few weeks or months after the sale is made. Without sounding trite, suicide isn't the answer. You've likely got quite a lot to offer. You're on HN after all ;) I hate to just say 'go get counseling and medication' - I think there's probably other things you can do outside of that, or in addition to that course. I realize I don't know you much, except for what you've posted here, but I really don't think things are as hopeless for you as they may feel right now. I don't think I've had things as bad as you're describing, but I am known for an extreme inability to focus/concentrate on anything for very long. I don't tout it, but have worked on coping strategies over the years. Eventually I found a book by Barbra Sher ( http://www.barbarasher.com ) - well, she's got a few. Wishcraft might be a decent one to start with. It's free, and while a bit airy fairy at times, might help you to see things in a different light. I was first turned on to Sher when I was reading up on the problem of TMI (Too Many Interests). http://knacks.esmartdesign.com/#The_Too_Many_Aptitude_Proble... was the first article I'd found, which seemed to describe me to a T. I've since self-diagnosed myself with that 'condition' and went looking for info which would help me learn more about that. There's no 'magic bullet cure', but that bit of self-knowledge has helped me avoid situations which I knew would make me miserable, and have slowly forged a better, more fulfilling life (though even now, I keep changing my goal posts). The biggest thing I learned from that little journey is that there's nothing 'wrong' (in an absolute sense) with that condition - it's just different. If you'd care to discuss any of this further, please ping me at any time at mgkimsal@gmail.com or 919-827-4724. Had not heard of Kolbe, and yeah, if it's not free, it might not get as wide acclaim. (just noticed it was featured on Oprah - I guess they don't need any more acclaim!). That said, the TMA stuff is not a clinical diagnostic tool, just some guy's writings. That said, they are quite accurate in how they reflect much of my own thinking and mind. It's taken me a long time to stop being as judgmental about people as I've been in the past, and to start recognizing and appreciating the particular skills and qualities others have. It's not easy to recognize in others when you measure everyone (and yourself) against perfection. I'm not sure many of the psychological tests out there are free, and likely having one 'officially' administered wouldn't be free anyway. I had my IQ tested as an adult a couple years ago by a friend's wife who needed to run these tests as part of her phd work. Apparently it's quite easy to find kids to test, but few adults were willing to put themselves through it. I hadn't realized the 'instruments' cost so much money, but there's a big industry in psychologically measuring and evaluating people. It shouldn't have been a surprise, but it was. It's false in the sense that it only provides two options and seems to indicate those are the only two options. Believe in the Christian God or don't. It doesn't take in to account Jupiter or Zeus or any other potential deities in determining the 'logic' of choosing to believe or not. Check out http://wishcraft.com to grab a PDF book from Sher. This book: http://www.amazon.com/Refuse-Choose-Revolutionary-Program-Ev... helped me identify myself more. I got this book for my wife: http://www.amazon.com/Could-Anything-Only-Knew-What/dp/04405... and she said it helped her refocus things. The takeaway from all of this is that TMA page helped me identify and 'diagnose' (in a loose sense) that condition. The Sher books above helped with some practical advice on how to live and deal, and sometimes thrive, with the condition. Her term for someone with TMA would be 'scanner' , and she's written about scanners for years. I've been juggling things for a while, and currently I'm a publisher (groovymag and jsmag), a consultant (really just consulting sometimes), a developer (hands on coding), a trainer, speaker (2-3 conferences per year), have written a book, and am working on some other projects for later this year which may help open some doors in to new avenues. Had I stayed at my job I would have been more compensated financially but far less fulfilled. That said, I still wrestle with feelings of unfulfilledness, and some of that comes down to not being able to execute on all my ideas. What I'd like to do is get to the point where I'm comfortable hiring people to do a lot of the grunt work fulfilling my ideas (I don't particularly care to do the work, I just think it needs to get done). This doesn't mean I'll never take a traditional full time job again, but I'm a lot more demanding and critical when I talk to potential employers. That still comes up now and then, and I'm a lot of aware of myself and open when talking about employment. Nothing has yet fit the bill, but I'm not shutting the doors to that possibility. I just don't think it'll be likely. It'll need to be a kickass company and/or working in an extremely engaging problem space with some freedom for me to float around some. Very few traditional jobs fit that bill. I had no idea what to do starting college, then I dropped out. I went back later (long story) - ended up taking a logic course in philosophy program - aced it, and routed myself in to a philosophy degree. What the hell do you do with a philosophy degree? Get a programming job of course! (which is what I managed). You're plenty welcome. And... as odd as it may have seemed, the phone number's there if/when you want to chat. It may amount to absolutely nothing, or it might be useful for the both of us. I'm not awake 24/7, but am available quite a lot :) By way of reference, I'm plenty older than you, and have dealt with a lot of how you feel (except for the startup in highschool stuff!) since my teens - it definitely can get better. To a large extent things are what we make of them, and the beauty of life is that we can make of it what we want (sorry to get too philosophical so late/early in the day!) http://digitalriver.com springs to mind. Haven't used them myself - would rather keep in direct contact with my customers, but that's not everyone's cup of tea. yep - yay 919ers! I'll be at the PHP meetup group in Carrboro on July 14th, but I live near Wake Forest in north Raleigh :) No problem - glad I could help shed some light on things. I've recently come to that conclusion about work - currently I'm best when I get to make strategic decisions, whether it's about which client work to take, code architecture, or just about anything really. "Being given a list of specs and then coding to the specs is just not my kind of thing" I bet creating the architecture for how the problem will be solved in the first place is more your kind of thing. I used to think every programmer wanted to be an architect, then realized a few years ago that wasn't the case. Hang in there, and keep working at it! I visited the rackspace cloud pricing page http://www.rackspacecloud.com/cloud_hosting_products/servers... 'the cloud' is still pretty darn pricey. Yes, I get you can 'scale up' (exactly how means different things to different people) but you're somewhat locked in to their ecosystem (at least, to take advantage of the features of the particular cloud in question. For my needs I've got a server up paying The close equivalent on Rackspace is $286, and still only nets me half the disk space. Yes, there's a few niceties you get with 'cloud' providers, but for $200+ per month difference, I'm not sure I need them. You're right, it does sound stupid. Execute. Put the idea out there. If it's good, you'll get traction, and that's going to be more useful leverage than a patent. If it's truly unique, you can pursue a patent as well, but don't let that stop you executing on what you have now. 'The big ones' are not scanning your webserver waiting for you to put out something then steal it. Using reliablehostingservices.net - a small operation out of Virgnia. What's somewhat funny to me is that they've got an SSL cert that's out of date (but I still use them). No complaints so far (6 months). I was with theplanet.com for many years before that, but getting a server with more RAM was/is just too expensive at many places. I found RHS via webhostingtalk forums - there's loads of great offers from smaller shops there. http://www.webhostingtalk.com/forumdisplay.php?f=36&sort... Just off the main page I found wooservers in Scranton offering some decent deals: http://wooservers.com/special-deals/ There's lots of places to look for better price/performance than the big players. I've no doubt that rackspace and others provide more handholdingand 'support' but I've found there's generally very little support I've used from data centers over the past 11 years of doing dedicated server management. Looks like a nice cool tool - thanks! I was looking more for already done sets rather than having to do my own, but this may certainly help develop my own faster. I think it probably is more likely that most people don't bother. I do know the Mojo Portal project runs on mono - some of the contributors only run mono. http://www.mojoportal.com/ edit: Sent too soon - what I meant to add with this is that that group there might have more people who can speak directly to the question. what would dropping your citizenship accomplish? you'd still have to pay income taxes in the US if you earn income in the US (generally speaking). Interesting - I'm planning a conference soon and this makes me a bit nervous. Good luck with your fight! They shouldn't be able to override a pingback URL if you're using encrypted URLs. The issue I'm finding is that many shopping carts and libraries aren't using encrypted URLs. :/ Throw in the Yahoo! exclamation point and you're golden! I don't think I've ever seen that font used except at Yahoo! (at least, that's what it reminds me of). I'm reminded of the robots from Suspended (Infocom game). We'll have some anybot robots that tuned for audio, some for video, some for ... what were the others? I thought this would be an 'ask hn' type thing, but it appears to just go to a marketing page. I'm not sure there's much of a compelling reason for using Silverlight or Flash or JavaFX for front-ends in most cases. If you have a particular design or interactive needs and there's already a library or component that works in the particuar front-end tech you're looking at (a silverlight charting lib, for example), then it'd probably make sense to use silverlight. However, that's mostly from a pragmatic cost-only view, nothing to do with the technology qualities itself. From what I recall, Silverlight does make it somewhat easier (compare to Flash) to interact with javascript on a page where the SL app is hosted. However, javascript interacts with javascript even better. The bigger question to ask, imo, is are there things you can't do in JS that you need to? If so, use SL/Flex/whatever. Realize that you're likely limiting the audience somewhat, especially if you're going the Silverlight route. However, doing cutting edge JS is also going to limit the audience somewhat too, as not everyone is running (or can run) the latest browser versions. FWIW, 3birds, if you're reading this, come on our to our PHP/MySQL meet up next week - we're in Carrboro, and you're in Chapel Hill :) I'm not sure if this is controversial at all, or if more govts are sticking with MS out of plain old inertia. MS has a place. Look at the requirements, and if MS is the 'best', use them. But... the 'best' definition needs to be clear at all levels, and understood by everyone involved. My argument for migrating towards more Linux/opensourceness would be one of 'keep the money local'. Especially in the early stages of a migration, there may in fact be a short term increase in spending, to find local talent to train and reprogram systems. After the initial transition, the need for fewer license renewals can be substantial. Assuming there wasn't 100% reduction in licensing costs. Let's say there was a 60% reduction in licensing costs, but in reality that became only 70% because of increased training, customization and programming costs. You've saved 30% but also kept more money flowing in the UK economy. At some point, stuff need to be paid for. You can choose to hire local consultants and companies who use MS tools, meaning you're paying for local talent and paying license fees over to an US-based company. Or you can pay local talent to use free technology. Bottom line: You have to pay talent/labor, but you may have more money in the budget to pay more local people to get more done after migrating to free technologies. I wasn't meaning it was specifically controversial in this case - poorly worded on my part. I remember when these ideas were first gaining steam years ago in various govts (linux people always liked to point to any 'wins'). I guess I was just wondering if it's primarily inertia that still keeps people from basically even trying pilots to determine cost savings or other benefits. I'm assuming you mean Windows. If you have a copy of Windows which you can install, running it on VirtualBox (virtualbox.org) isn't a bad option. The Windows will cost you (or you already have your license) but virtualbox is free to use. 1. yes 2. yes, mostly. I'm not involved in the porn industry now, and still am not comfortable telling some of my family what I do. Not because I'm ashamed, just because it's not something some of them can easily grasp, and it's seen as a bit confusing. I just say "computers" and that's enough for that. So, I'd probably just say the same thing regardless. Ability to focus. Courage to try new things. Willingness to accept some of those 'new things' aren't working as planned and change course or drop them. Ability to examine situations logically, but also to get passionate about the offering. Basic agreement that revenue and profit are king, and decisions should be made based on the numbers. Clear vision for how money will be made. Ability to articulate customer base. Demonstrated ability to sell, or to find people who can. Agreed. 'courage' and 'vision' aren't all that are needed. However, I've talked to enough people over the years to realize when even those are missing. Absent those, you'll never even get close to the doing. Sometimes the 'doing' part hasn't happened enough simply because people are overwhelmed with too many things to do and not enough time. If that's really all that's missing, but the other parts are in place, I'm more inclined to get involved (although still, I rarely do). Not much criticism, but I like it so far. Does this look like something you'd try to monetize and keep proprietary, or open up the source to (or both perhaps?) Similar to mensamember on here, I'm also a member, or was, as I didn't renew. 20 years ago it might have helped me in social ways. As of now, it doesn't really provide any substantive benefits. Unlike jeb and mensamember, I have it listed on my resume, at the bottom, in 'other', along with toastmasters experience, some public speaking activities, and other misc stuff. For me it wasn't so much wanting to 'brag' about it, but it felt like another facet of who I am (albeit a very minor one). It's also meant as an indicator that, objectively, there's a certain amount of quantifiable innate talent/skill I possess which can be harnessed for problems. Specifically in the resume/job context, whether or not I completely understand the industry you're working in (perhaps I have no direct industry experience), ideally the Mensa qualification should indicate that I have the capacity to get up to speed quickly on the new industry and other facets of your company/business. If someone is that offended by me stating something like that about myself, they wouldn't like working with me anyway. I wrote a bit more about it here: http://michaelkimsal.com/blog/mensa-on-my-mind-and-resume/ All that said, I'm really not convinced that one can 'cram' or 'study' or 'game' the IQ tests all that much. I qualified for Mensa a few years back, but used tests scores from the 80s. A couple years ago I took some IQ tests (friend's wife needed to administer IQ tests to adults, and had a hard time finding volunteers). These tests were completely different instruments, administered by different people over 20 years ago, and statistically they put my 'intelligence' in pretty much the same spot. Not much had changed over 20 years. The tests seem to test something deeper than things you can 'train' for. If you took the same test multiple times, perhaps you'd get a better score, but that's not an accurate indicator then, is it? You think most college graduates could get in? Perhaps we went to different colleges... :) I think you're being a bit too generous with the 'most' comment, or you might be biased based on your immediate peer group. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RkQ6XgXeNuY (I can't see the video right now) Yes, they might be cherry picking, and there's no indication all of these people are college graduates, but I suspect some were. One was a college professor. I think you're in the minority (by definition of being in Mensa, you already are). But just because you aced it doesn't mean that most people - even most college graduates - can. I've worked too long with too many college graduates who struggle with basic concepts to believe that. Step 3 might be the only thing to automate - does your bank offer scheduled transfers? I'm not sure there's much more streamlining you can do - it's likely not really all that much work. Personally I tend to just deposit all incoming money in to a few accounts, then periodically (every month or so) move some money to personal for living expenses. I'm not paying myself a 'salary' as such - it's all 'pass through' on to my personal tax forms anyway (was sole proprietor, now have an llc for some work). The accounting stuff - keeping track of what money comes in and out - clients, contractors, etc - I'm using outright.com for the bulk of that. I guess I just don't see it as that much of a pain - certainly not enough to streamline. Perhaps migrating to a payroll service would be useful to you? You might then have to worry about having enough in the 'business' account to cover the payroll, such as it might be. Almost any web-based tracking tool would help bring order to your chaos. It doesn't particularly matter which one, as long as everyone uses it. There need to be penalties for not using it. Alternatively, one person can be designated as the 'point person' for keeping it up to date, summarizing the emails and updating statuses as appropriate. If one person has that job, it might make the transition for everyone else easier. I'm currently using redmine for projects. It gets the job done right now. You may have specific in-house skills or needs which may point you to another tool. There might be some resistance to it - as in "we don't have time to use another tool!". But how much time has been lost when documents go missing, people have different understandings of the project status, and (verbalized) deadlines are missed or ignored? Likely far more time than it will take to adopt a single issue tracking tool. If they feel you've left them in the lurch, you won't get good references, regardless of what happens. As much as money doesn't magically make everything better, ask for more. It's mercenary, but you're likely doing much more work to accomodate the 2 who left (whether directly or indirectly). More $ for the short term will make it easier to go write your book at the end of the year. If you have a short term goal, imo, suck it up and try to make the best of it (which, ime, would include more $ somehow). If you can afford to leave now and just start on your book, it may be better for your sanity and attitude to just do that instead. You're in a situation with no easy answers. Alternatively, you could also offer to take over the projects. Go direct to the C-level crew and tell them you're going to be put in charge of the project, you need $x dollars, and authority over the project to get it done. If the project is that important, they may give it to you, or tell you to pound sand. So... go pound sand. It sounds like you couldn't do any worse than the ball-droppers. This probably sounds like all pie-in-the-sky fantasy, but if you don't ask, you don't get. It really depends on the people involved and who would be doing the reference, and when the reference would come. Asking a direct manager for a reference three weeks after leaving them in the middle of a death march will likely not result in glowing praise. Would you provide the relevant ToS for that claim please? The code itself would only be one portion of the project price. You may look at code that might only take 1 week to produce, but it may have taken 5 weeks and 4 iterations to get to that point, specifically because the committees in charge did not know how to express their needs. That's not to say I don't think open sourcing code is a good idea - in general I do. But don't use the code as the sole data point when judging whether it was worth what was paid. I have done some work for the state of NC, and I took over a project a few years ago that was in a total mess. I had asked to rebuild it, and was told 'no' initially. So the first year dealing with it was basically patching and rewriting and learning how that system was built. It took far longer to understand spaghetti PHP than it would have to just ask what they needed and rebuild it, but there was no trust in me at that point (given what they'd been delivered at that point, I suspect they didn't trust anyone to deliver something moderately decent and usable!) Someone looking at what I'd 'delivered' for $x just looking at the code would have been horrified, but it was not solely my decision. It might not lead to cost savings directly, but possibly over the long term. Other gov't entities might be able to reuse it and get their own savings, but the original entity might not see any direct savings initially. I've also been involved using data from a fairly high dollar value NC-based project, and I'm rather appalled at how bad the data I'm given is curated. The entire project has taken years, run well in to the 8 figures, and from the few data points I've interacted with it on, plain shoddy. But... independents and small businesses basically would never be given a chance to work on 'mission critical' stuff, so those projects go to the big consulting houses and shops, who get to milk the taxpayers for years delivering substandard results which few ever even see directly, and fewer would know how to fix. That's what's so frustrating. That said, open sourcing more govt code is a good idea. door to door effectiveness will vary greatly on your location and your own personal charisma and experience selling. Most people don't have it, and fail miserably. Here's a short list of suggestions: * Flyers in coffeeshops/libraries/copycenters * Attending local meetup groups (not programming/tech ones, but business ones) * Presenting at local meetup groups * Craigslist posting your services * Answering other craigslist ads * Google adwords (possibly, but don't spend too much without testing/targetting) * Word of mouth via your personal network I'm sure others will have their own suggestions. Your profile suggests you're in NY - door to door might be more effective there because of the density of all types of businesses. Gentle plug: these are the sorts of topics we'll be tackling at http://indieconf.com in November. I hope you get your local webdev work before then though :) Clickable link: http://couponize.me A few points: "Title" should probably be called 'offer'. Make the printable 'coupon' be multiple on a page. It's rather wasteful to just do one to a sheet - 2 or 4 would be better imo. Clickable link: http://www.customercradle.com Talk to the guys at http://spreedly.com/ to see if that's something they could add. It's probably easier for them to add that functionality than it would be for you to write it. That said, it really shouldn't be too hard to write something like that. Payment processing is one thing, invoicing is another, and you want to automate the invoice and processing after each step is done separately (at least, that's how I'd think about it). With that said, you may run in to some compliance issues storing the CCs on your side for later processing. It's certainly not impossible, but may have a few more hoops to jump through. You may also want to talk to a major bank. As difficult as it sounds like it might be at first, I managed to get a hold of someone and started talking about various options I wanted to do, and kept getting told 'we can do that', as in, putting together different plans with various rate fees and such. It all costs different amounts, but it's likely possible a major bank's merchant account arm might be able to what you're looking to do. They just don't advertise those sorts of nuanced variations, mostly because it would confuse the heck out of the majority of the market. It would be helpful if they'd say 'contact us for a custom package', but maybe not. Most of the first-level support/service people you get connected to aren't typically able to think outside the 4 provided checkboxes. Good luck. Your friend doesn't have the temperament for standing alone with his own ideas and trying to make them work. This is not a criticism, just an observation. You're seeing that yourself right now. Wish him well, stay friends, but if you're motivated in a different direction, follow that direction. If you get this demotivated about one setback, perhaps you don't quite have the temperament either. You'll need to make sure you've got the stomach for this path before you spend too much more time in that road. This may not be the time for you to do your startup idea right now, for a whole host of reasons. Don't take it as a sign that something is wrong with you, but that you're simply not ready. Take a few deep breaths... I've considered this an issue for a long time. What's even more annoying is when you apply and don't even get the courtesy of an acknowledgement. I've thought for a while that some enterprising job application software startup could add a 'be polite' function which would automatically reply back to someone after X days if the employer decided not to follow up. But as someone else mentioned, we're (in the US) such a 'lawsuit happy' place that many companies are likely fearful of committing anything in writing which would come back to haunt them. Even truthful, as in "based on your application, you're not qualified to work here", might offend someone. Personally, I think that excuse is a bit overblown, and I suspect it's more a factor of people being lazy or overworked when they don't reply. What does a company get out of spending time replying to applicants they've turned down? A reputation of being professional, perhaps even 'outstanding'. When getting totally ignored becomes the norm, even getting a polite 'no thanks' acknowledgement might be something to make you think twice about that company and how you refer to them in the future. Also, many companies could do well to post on a blog the types of candidates they're looking for, explain the process, and perhaps even give genericized examples of things to avoid in an application, based on the previous applicants. This would help get them a better prepared applicant, making the process a bit easier for them. A couple things spring to mind: * Acknowledge your fear/unease up front, hopefully with a little bit of humor. "I get a bit nervous during interviews" and the accompanying "don't worry - relax, can I get you a drink?" sort of banter may help take the edge off. You've explained that you're a bit uncomfortable, but ideally they'll see you working through that. * Bring code samples. You may be more at ease discussing something that's physically in front of both of you. * References - it might help to bring some written references with you. Depending on how the interview is going, you may be able to point out something in writing that pertains to what you're discussing (previous projects, etc). "Sometimes I forget some of these things and need to have my notes with me" or some rationalization like that, done smoothly, won't seem out of place at all. Some may see it as the sign of someone who's sharp and on the ball, able to go beyond 'winging it' and prepare with extra material even when it's something which is difficult to do. There's no universal way to deal with it - everyone's reasons are different. That said, make an effort to prepare even if you're not at ease with it. Almost completely OT, but looking at limedarling's linkedin, I was pleasantly surprised to see 'Grails' referenced as something she's working at bring proficient in. Thanks LD - you made my day :) forcing them to have written tests beforehand would probably have avoided many of them in the first place I bet. What you describe could be dealt with by having a team lead review things and assign some of the bugs back to the original developers. Done right, this can indeed increase some quality issues over the long haul. The problem with this can often be the bugs are there not because they're lazy but because they really don't know a good way to solve the issue, and may not even have recognized the bug potential at the start. The 'fresh pair of eyes' argument has a lot of merit, but it tends to result in other people cleaning up for the original devs, which you're trying to avoid (I don't blame you). Talk with the team lead(s) and see if they can divvy up some bugs back to the original devs, then track if those same mistakes get made by the same people or not. QUOTE ================== "Apple’s App Store was a constant source of stress in the development process. Every time another story of Apple randomly booting an app from the store came out, the whole team quaked. The idea that we could do all this work and then Apple could deny the app, or even keep it in limbo forever, made us second- or third-guess every design decision. “Will this pixel hurt our chances of getting accepted?” Apple is killing the creativity of their developers with the uncertainty of their App store policies. We made it through okay, thankfully, but I can only wonder about how much more interesting the store would be if Apple had given developers a clear list of rules, and promised to stick to it. The Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt people have about the App Store was entirely optional – Apple brought it on itself, and it’s not going away." ================= Totally spot on. I'm not even in the iphone/ipad development space (yet?) but among the people I run with who are, that's a big question mark for them, and something which is feeding in to the Android hype (rightly or wrongly). Whether Android is a better platform for a particular need is coming second to "there's no one to arbitrarily deny our app distribution" (assuming nothing illegal or malicious still). Yes, that's still balanced out with 'there's more money in the Apple ecosystem' but that might not hold true forever. With magcloud, there's no guarantee that the next update version will be accepted, or the next one, or whatever. Based on the reports we've read from others, magcloud might use an icon that Apple reviewers don't like, and magcloud v2 on the ipad might not be accepted. Insanely arbitrary, and Apple will need to do a lot to win back the trust of devs who have defected (assuming there's anything they ever could do to win it back). I want to say 'why has it taken this long?' but I also understand they're not a small project that can make changes willy-nilly. Still, WP3.0 seemed like the most logical time to be making those changes - major version number, etc. i use http://omnis.com for many domains - they're starting to put a bit of upsell in the process too, but it's not half as overbearing as godaddy. they also seem to be holding prices steady - i didn't notice a big jump recently, and the renewals are the same price - there's not (yet?) a deep discount then hiked price on the next year. "ensures maximum compatibility with various email clients" Are you sure? Are you testing deliverability and open rates? Are you following the various idiosyncrasies which major mail hosts display (yahoo rate limiting, etc)? Do you follow strong anti-spam measures, and check your system for security holes often? Not saying you don't but there's more to a hosted mailing solution than just the mailing. I'm not sure most people are able to put in as much time in to providing tried/true templates which work across a variety of clients unless they're working for one of the larger mailing list companies. That said, I still do most of my own mailings, but I knowingly make the tradeoff. @gaiusparx - mailchimp, madmimi, icontact and bronto are some of the bigger ones friends of mine use, and they all have generally good things to say about each one. I know some of the folks at icontact and bronto and can attest that they're both security-minded, customer-focused and basically 'on the ball' folks overall. To do it 'right' is more effort than most people can expend. Being someone who also is a 'DIY' approach, I don't disbelieve you, but I often realize just how much I have to know to do things right, and how much value some of the other services provide for the less technically-inclined. The "blog" or perhaps "blog-inspired" things. tags are one you mentioned - trackbacks and pingbacks are two more. "friending" as a verb/process might be another. Can I assume you meant 150k per year? Obviously money going out with no income depletes cash on hand. However, it would seem making 150k for a year or so should buy you a pretty big runway. I'm guessing you have a lot of outgoing if it feels like it's disappearing 'fast'. Your point has some merit, but just by being an employee some place vs a contractor doesn't mean you'll automatically have that institutional knowledge. The only benefit I've had in some employment situations is knowing early on that the people with answers had already left, rather than spending time researching who would know the answers to XYZ. 20k per year? Wow. Even the most expensive family plans I've seen for family with pre-existing conditions was around $1100/month - $13k. I feel like I'm getting ripped off and we only pay around $300/month! Some companies do, some don't. Glad you were in a camp that does. I've known people who were at companies which didn't value that knowledge and would just cut cut cut. It's not that much of an increase. In the US, you're already paying half that 15% anyway. You pay the additional half being self-employed, but it's also a deductible expense. The biggest adjustment people need to make is keeping track of the financial aspect in general. It's not that hard, but you need to keep an eye on it. Make estimated tax payments quarterly, don't spend more than you make, keep extra money in reserve, etc. Also, as I wrote elsewhere, I'm paying $300/month for health insurance for my wife and I. That's close to what was being deducted for my group plan when I was employed (it's a bit more, but not that much more). Yes, we're fortunate as we're both in decent health, but we've also chosen a moderately high deductible plan, which keeps the premiums lower (though they still keep going up insanely every year). I've not done it yet, but as a self-employed person, you can set up a SEP-IRA (I think that's it) and some people manage to sock away much more in a SEP than is allowed in traditional Roths or 401Ks. If you've got it and can save it, that's decent deal. I will say $90k as self-employed vs $45k employed is a pretty big difference, even factoring in the tax/benefits diffs. But I don't normally see that much of a difference in skill levels and income. SR devs I know contracting may be making $120-$150k, but as an employee might only be around $90-$100k. That's a difference, but not a 100% diff. nt;dr Short answer is I think ESR was important in some areas. Cathedral and Bazaar in print was passed around at my office a lot - exposing a number of people I knew to the main ideas at the time. They may have been exposed to those ideas at some other time later on by someone else, but I think CatB was at least a small catalyst. Selling for most people now is not a great idea for a couple reasons. A) as the other person pointed out, you'll still likely have rent. As for bouncing around looking for cheaper rent, you typically get locked in to a rental agreement for at least 6 months, if not a year. You can't just move every month to save a few bucks. B) Moving costs money (and time) in and of itself. C) Selling costs. At least in the US, most housing sales are going to eat up 5-6% of the house price in commissions. On a $150k house sale, it's going to cost you $9k (plus, again, the time and expense of moving). Unless moving is going to save you significant expenses vs renting, it's probably not that wise to blindly sell and move. Assuming, that is, you even could sell to someone in this market. It's not great in many areas for sellers right now. If I could rent someplace $800-$1000 less than where I'm at now, I'd consider it, because the cost/expense would be recouped in probably a year, but I wouldn't go through all that hassle/cost/expense to save a couple hundred per month. YMMV. None of the above. Sometimes I do, if the call is more than 15 minutes or ends up with any sort of actionable items. If it's just a few minute status call, I don't bill for it. Gentle plug: http://indieconf.com - a conference for web freelancers - will cover these sorts of topics in greater detail. :) ccnow.com fees are: 4.99% of Gross Sales plus $0.50 per transaction $9.95 setup one time $9.95 per month if you sell $100 in a month, no fee. I've been using them for years for some stuff - works out fine. Just to throw a comment in here - I've talked to Dan on the phone about this, and was interested in working with him on this. My schedules and commitment didn't allow for us to work together, but I'd encourage others to get in touch with Dan - this feels legitimate and doable for the right person. Where is USD $112? I was seeing USD $88 on the site. EDIT: Ah - $88 + shipping at $24 (US/UK) - = $112. I tend to agree, however nice the layout, these are just reruns of stuff we've seen. The next step will likely be using the initial subscription money to start funding some new original columns. It's tough work, no doubt. plug: http://jsmag.com and http://groovymag.com possibly don't look as nice, but we do get out around 30 pages (each) of original content each month. I've looked in to shipping for groovymag and jsmag, and the costs would add around $4 per issue - $48/year, which almost doubles the current cost. Not easy doing print in small runs. I was looking at b/w - hackermonthly is color, IIRC, which is even more $. My bet is if magcloud offered b/w, they might get the price down a little bit, but not much. I typically just close the door, and my wife knows not to disturb me when the door's closed. It's pretty darn simple, really. I agree with the other post - have partners and family that understand "when I say I'm at work, do not disturb me". Perhaps a 'do not disturb' sign would be more effective? Or maybe there is no 'problem' at all. Different people work in different ways. If you only work for the company for less than a year, as the author proudly admits to, then you should not expect to be given substantial influence in the company. ======================= Explain VPs and midlevel execs that come in and are given substantial influence on day 1. They've not worked at the company, yet are given staff, budgets, division and respoonsibility, sometimes (often?) before it's known if a) they're really competent and b) a good corporate fit. Seeing that sort of stuff happen can lead people like the OP to despair even more of being able to make any substantive impact. Flight, because it'd be fun. I fear there's more practical aspects to invisibility though. Flying while invisible would be the best of both worlds, from a 'getting stuff done' (good or evil) standpoint, but your experiment says we can't have both. The first poster here illustrated many of the pros of invisibility already - I won't repeat them all. But I'd probably still prefer to fly, at least for a bit. I think it's more that Apple laptops are more popular among a certain crowd. I was a Linux guy for a long time, but despaired of perpetually poor laptop hardware support. I got a macbook and enjoy such basic niceties as a) closing the laptop, opening it back up, and being productive in b) wireless networking pretty much 'just working' c) sound support that allows multiple programs to play sound simultaneously all of which were issues on my earlier laptops running various linux distros. That said, much of my time on the mac is spent sshed in to linux servers, in vim, so... is Apple the 'platform' I use? I guess. If I didn't have a need to be as mobile as I am, I'd probably just have a nice linux desktop system and still mess with vim and ssh as much as I do now. Even at http://jsmag.com I still use the word 'JavaScript' regularly, but do think JS works better. I've similarly been bugged by the naming since the early days, and the continual confusion with Java even these days still irks me. "This means that we're in the controller but we still have to grasp what the hell is going on in the database. The abstraction is leaking!" How many people JUST work in controllers and can remain oblivious to what's going on in the DB? Just because you move the ORM or any DB call to a different area of the code doesn't mean you shouldn't have a grasp of what's going on. If I wrapped all ORM calls in some service layer classes, that simply means that now when I'm looking at my service layer classes I "still have to grasp what the hell is going on in the database. The abstraction is leaking!". Doesn't it? I'll thank you not to refer to Princeton that way. "can I emerge from the other side of this and find great people to work with and cool stuff to work on?" Without a doubt. It might take a bit longer for you to find a new groove (or refind your old one) but you'll have no problem eventually getting back in the game. Obviously a broad statement. you might, perhaps. My experience, though, has been people I've known who had this level of self-awareness and drive for improvement were never held back for very long at anything they set their mind to. I'm not sure we're at a point in the evolution of programming having been a viable career path for enough people yet to judge one way or another. There's not many people in their 60s who have been professional software developers most of their career, so you wouldn't (yet) see a large number of retired people "creating awesome open source projects". IMV, the it was the tail of of the baby boomers who could have started doing programming in anything resembling what we might have today, and they wouldn't/couldn't have started until at least the late 70s/early 80s. When 'home computers' started becoming commonplace, 'programming' started to become an accepted vocation. Those people are now approaching or in their 50s, and still have another 10+ years to go before 'retirement'. Frankly, I don't see that many 'awesome open source projects' compared to the total number of projects launched/opened. What I value more are 'awesome open source projects maintained and kept current '. I don't see many of those around at all, by young or old people. I was in their shoes once, and it was a horrible experience. I had paychecks bouncing at the end, some tempers flaring, and overall was about as miserable as could be. I'd suggested that people start looking for other jobs - there was no turnaround in sight. This was just a group of 5 of us - not some huge office, so we were closer (physically, if nothing else) than some other larger orgs that have gone through this. To their credit, they stayed as long as possible, later than was probably prudent. That may have been partially due to the fact that few others in the area were hiring at the time. Answer, you can try to sue, but there's probably very little chance you'll get your money any time soon. Whether you want to pursue this or not depends on a few things. Do you feel they mislead you? Do you think they really have money and are just lying to you? The flipside of my experiences was about 4 years after that scenario above, I did some contracting with a company - remotely (unfortunately) and they didn't pay. I found out from discussions that the PM on my project quit soon after I started, another developer on the project quit as well. He'd told me he'd quit because he was tired of the contractors bitching to him they weren't getting paid - apparently this was a habit company X had. I had other contractors seek me out and tell me they'd been shafted on payments too - one for $700, and another for $3500. Mine was to the tune of close to $9000. (never again!). So... I drove up to his state and filed a lawsuit. It's been > 2 years, and it's still in the system. Will probably take another year, and at that point, I'd still have to collect. At this point, it's a matter of principal - the company's whole MO was to farm out work to contractors in various states, then not send payment. That's a whole other level of evil, imo. But maybe I'm biased and I really was as scammy as the guy who didn't pay me? I don't think so. I was honest with people - there's no money coming in - take another job if you can get one. That's not what happened to me a few years later, though perhaps some might see it as divine retribution? Ballpark, what's a 'decent chunk of change?'. In my other comment, I mentioned I got stiffed for about $9k. Perhaps your situation is more? or less? I realize everyone's perception of 'decent change' is different, but I can tell you that at that point, for me, $9k was huge. I'd passed on other work for that contract, and then not getting paid was a pretty big hit. However, I managed to scrape through it (barely), have diversified, and am multiple times better off than just 2 years ago. I suspect now that you have a new job, you did get through it, or are starting to. Should you forget about it? That's up to you. Can you forget about it? I'd suggest if you're through the worst of things, you indeed can . We'd had a not bad year - our first six figure project was earlier that year. However, the sales cycle was proving to be much longer than we'd anticipated (selling to higher ed) and then we had a couple of projects cancel (mid-late 2003). Everything became too much. Later, I went back to working for others for a while. I smelled a bad burn rate at this company, but only after I'd sold my house and moved states. :/ We were supposed to be impressed with announcements of $x projects and $y investments, but it wasn't that hard to see that 20+ people at a company, being paid full time, would eat up those $x and $y in just a couple months, but the $x was for a 9 month project. I ended up being extremely cynical and distrustful of others (as I'm sure a few people ended up distrusting me earlier) and it's taken years to get back a modicum of faith/optimism again. Working for myself seemed about the only way I could have a degree of control and not be left in the dark on finances. Yeah, my boss is a jerk, but I'm sleeping with his wife. ;) I'm doing multiple things - I didn't want to have all my eggs in one basket, revenue-wise. I'm getting to the point where I may want to refocus on just one avenue again, but the issue of having all income dependent on just one source, then getting shafted, was painful. Diversification was a reaction to that. I know what you mean about $9k feeling like a lottery win. As I said, I ended up suing, but it's likely going to be years before you get a trial, and assuming you get a judgement, you still have to collect. I'm doing multiple things - I didn't want to have all my eggs in one basket, revenue-wise. I'm getting to the point where I may want to refocus on just one avenue again, but the issue of having all income dependent on just one source, then getting shafted, was painful. Diversification was a reaction to that. I know what you mean about $9k feeling like a lottery win. As I said, I ended up suing, but it's likely going to be years before you get a trial, and assuming you get a judgement, you still have to collect. One bit of advice might be to file in small claims court for whatever California's limit in small claims. In the state I filed in, it was $5k, but I wanted to go after the full $9k (technically, $8800 IIRC). It will probably get handled faster than a traditional court/arbitration process. Get your documentation (emails, whatever) bundled together, file your claim, then move on in life (if you choose a legal route). If they're still operating (on a shoestring I guess?) there's still a chance you'll get a judgement, but it'll likely be years before you actually see a dime. So, don't think you'll be getting $9k any time soon. I've planned my life around never collecting, but have put a process in place which might let me collect. But I have to operate financially like it's gone. Once you get to that point, and you're living without it, it might become easier to make the decision to not sue. In my case the company had a habit of operating this way, and I'm suing on the principal of it. In your case, if you were friendly with the guys, and you believe them to still be decent people, adding a lawsuit to their misery might not be the karmic thing to do. Good luck either way. fwiw, i wasn't approached - i'd simply answered an ad on craigslist. What time zone does it post in? I'd suggest something a bit more clearly noted on the screen, perhaps next to the time itself. Just a random anecdote here on portion sizes: Piper's in Raleigh has a really good fish n chips plate - my wife loves it. However, it's an insanely huge portion. $13.95, but it's more than enough for two people (she split it with a friend last time and they couldn't finish it). Dropping the sizes in half and making it $10.95 would still be a good value (well, in line with the rest of their portions, FWICT). The waitress has said that most people don't finish the fish because it's too much - it just ends up being thrown out. You can't easily reheat fried fish the next day as a leftover (well, I can't - any tips?) Getting Chinese takeaway always felt a bit expensive (for the good stuff around us). However, we've cut back on portion sizes, and my wife's dinner is enough for dinner, then lunch, then usually another dinner, all from an $11 menu item. In those terms, it's a good deal. But if you tried to eat it all in one sitting, it's too much. I just do not understand restaurant portion sizings. What should happen here is this... When a server is 'shut down' for phishing or spam, a firewall blocks all incoming/outgoing except for traffic to/from a pre-determined IP address along with the notice that the server is being quarantined. Site owner/admin can then access the server, perform any investigations or deletions necessary, notify data center, then data center opens traffic again. Alternatively, something like a web-based shell allowing access, but all other traffic denied, would be acceptable. I've had servers shut down for 'abuse' which was one complaint from someone at 1am local time for me. I supposedly got a call from xxxxxx at 2 am, notifying me that action would be taken, and my server was taken offline at 3am. I wasn't awake until 7am, and couldn't get things resolved until about 10am. I was told I needed to 'rectify the situation', but how can I do that when access to the server is blocked? It's a ridiculous execution of policy, and only serves to heighten everyone's frustration. A private web-shell or single IP in the firewall to allow access would resolve most of the ill-feelings site owners caught in this situation have had. You can give notice, but in many positions, you'll be out the door within the hour. Nothin personal, but that's how it is. I've given 2 weeks notice and been escorted out the door within 30 minutes, and I've given 2 weeks noticed and asked to stay longer. Whatever you give, be prepared that that's your last day, and plan accordingly. They may see it as an act of betrayal or a loyalty issue, and will have you leave that moment. Or they may not. Stop thinking in terms of this being a 'startup'. That term means almost nothing any more, given that companies with millions in funding that have been around for >2 years are still called 'startups' in some quarters. You work for a business, and may leave. Be prepared to leave. Give them a notice that you'll work out 2 weeks to wrap up and document stuff, train a replacement, etc. Don't give any more consideration to the long term health of this org - they've not given you any consideration. To that end, don't go out of your way to be a jerk, whether that's withholding info, trashing files, installing spyware, etc (I've seen it all happen). Just be professional and get out. It's only happened to me once, but it did happen, and the person who did it was regarded by others as petty and power-hungry. FWIW, I was brought back to do a bit of work later, and the number 3 guy in the place heard my story and was basically shocked that HR had handled things this way. How this happened was I'd handed in my notice already - 2 weeks. But... I wanted to know if I was going to get my remaining vacation time as pay or not. I'd started before there was an 'hr handbook', but there was one in place. I wrote to HR and asked, and was told "it's in the handbook". I wrote back and asked what page it was on, because I couldn't see it in mine. I got an email back saying something to the effect of "here's your vacation that's owed you..." and that was it. 10 minutes later the guy in the same cube as me said email to me bounced. I watched him send and it bounced back saying 'mailbox invalid'. An HR rep from our building came to my desk another 10 minutes later with a box saying "I have to escort you out of the building now". She was nice about it, and didn't seem to want to do it, but did it. So... the project I was working on was left in a broken state, client emails to me bounced, and they had no clue what was going on. I left, set up my own shop, and what do you know - that client decided to jump ship and stay with me instead of being charged twice the hourly rate for the kind of service they were getting. Basically, they considered their business too important to be cut off by phone and email from the people doing the work solely on the whim of one HR person. Yeah, that was my rant. Again, only happened to me once, but it happened, and I've seen it happen to others. Good point, except some (many) simply do not make any means of contact possible beyond public twittering, and others don't respond :) Many of the speakers are already promoting this themselves (which is great), but as this is the first event, I'm looking for as many ways as possible to spread the word. The ones I can reach out to I've made efforts to and will continue to do so. Thanks for the feedback/input. Have done that - we've only got one in the area up until last week - a second just opened and I'll be hitting them up. Thanks! http://lanyrd.com/2010/indieconf is up there. And we've reached out to some of the area meetups already, and will continue to do so. Thanks for the input! doesn't sound like you'll really 'always be a windows guy'. per the article, if you give up doing IT support and move to development, you'll probably be just a mac guy, at least for a while. I was a windows guy, then a linux guy, now a mac guy, and am considering investing in a windows setup next year, as well as a new mac. i like playing in all of them, but right now, if I have to choose just one machine, it's my macbook. I can run the stuff I need to, even if it's virtualized and not 100% fast as I'd like. Even so, it's portable and gets the job done better than other laptops I've have over the past 10+ years. Really? Perhaps I just looked at the wrong time, but I was looking at Kohana last year and ran far away. The issue wasn't the core , but everything else around it - the plugins, the dev attitudes picked up from mailing lists, the release process and more. IIRC, I wanted to use Kohana because of some specific plugins recommended to me. However, they were marked as only working in 2.4. 2.3 was in beta, but the consensus I got from IRC people was 'just move to 3 - it'll be released soon and that's where attention is being focused'. The core code might be well-written, but that doesn't mean it'd be a good project to build on. It might be, but code alone is not the only factor to consider. I realize the question was about language specifically, but something that wasn't really addressed in all these comments is the totality of the environment PHP will be used in. PHP using a decent framework with properly unit-tested and documented code, a team of mid-level and sr devs, version controlled, good comments, a build process, and reasonable development schedules would be a joy to work with vs hacked-up Python thrown together by various people who don't know what they're doing with no process, docs, version control, test, where everything was due 2 weeks ago and people just develop on live servers. That would, simply put, be a nightmare, regardless of the 'purity' of Python. I recently took on a project based on Rails. I saw some code - there were tests - some of the models I inspected looked decent. My initial view was "it's Rails - how bad could it possibly be ?". It was/is horrible. However, once we'd commenced, I realized a) it's Rails1 (and was still being developed in Rails1 as of March 2010), there's 0 version control, no external docs, few internal comments, and 95% of the tests are either auto-generated skeletons only, or at the level of "Add 1 to the inventory, save, then check the inventory has increased by 1" (not checking any logic, just db code). Parts of the code are - yes - more expressive that they'd have been in PHP. But, overall, the project is an abysmal mess. It's painfully apparent the original dev(s) didn't understand how to build software. They could 'sling Rails stuff together', but that's about where it stopped. We've made a not too painful decision to rebuild, just using the old code for reference as to how screens should look. Rebuilding is being done in Grails (fwiw), and we're using a bdd approach (easyb) to get started. I was on the fence about using Rails/cucumber, but my skills aren't very strong in that, and we've got a deadline to meet. I understand PHP isn't perfect. Coming from other platforms, there can be many 'gotchas' which catch people off guard. I've found moving from PHP to other platforms you find similar gotchas. It doesn't make every 'gotcha' automatic proof that PHP is crappy (a few do, but not all!) But again, the language, while important, should not totally define your view of the job or the entire ecosystem. Have you looked at webflows in Grails? I believe it's using spring's webflow stuff, but is more grails/groovy-oriented, which might be easier to deal with. What is the 'android vision'? Seems to me the problem outlined in the article was an issue well before Android was even available, and certainly well-known. If carriers adding crap and restricting stuff wasn't supposed to be part of Android's 'vision', Google could easily have created licensing terms to enforce that. They didn't. I've seen a lot of people asking for a description of the problems the position will be addressing. Discussions with clients over the past couple of years have led me to understand that in some cases, companies don't put out many specifics because what they want you to work on is a bit of a competitive advantage (in some cases this is even justified). Letting your competitors know you're hiring to build system XYZ to do ABC gives them a heads-up as to what's coming down the line. Granted, this isn't the case in all or even most postings that are vague. But if other aspects look legit, but the posting is a bit vague, give them a little 'benefit of the doubt'. I thought django had that. ??? Grails does, and it's part of the reason I like it so much. The parent poster wrote "Sounds like what's missing is the ability to create the schema from the declared code." Which is what I was questioning. I thought (rightly) Django had that functionality. Agree: 2,4,5,6,12,13,16,21,23,46: 1 point Disagree: 1,8,10,14,15,29,30,34,37,40: 1 point Score: 20 pretty easy to spend that buying a few private jets and yachts. 1.6 billion ain't what it used to be. Aha - it seems you've been able to find your issues, and those have far less to do with freelancing specifically as they do with life/money management overall. I know plenty of people with regular f/t jobs that have gotten in debt to dangerous levels, faced layoffs, crises, etc. Freelancing seems to have little to do with it. As for going back to a f/t job, freelancing for X years might be problematic for some employers, but certainly not all. I get approached on a fairly regular basis, and while I never say never, I've not had a serious offer that's been even remotely compelling, either from a responsibility or financial angle. Gentle plug: these sorts of topics will be explored in more detail at http://indieconf.com Who's fault is it then? The expectations were set - not that first code release would be awesome - but 'privacy' was the entire reason for diaspora starting. I was expecting some integral libraries that would encapsulate privacy and authentication logic which would be reused for the entire framework. I don't really care if this was 'only' 3 months of work. That lack of security/privacy checking in that photo update section speaks volumes about where the developers and entire project are at. Is it doomed? Probably not - apparently even Duke Nukem Forever has a new release date(?) - but they've got a long way to go to convince early adopter techies (people like me) to install this and evangelize on their next round. Privacy was the key kickoff point in the first place. You can't have good privacy without good security. When these are your primary reasons for getting started, your 'user experience' has to entail security. There's load of social networking platforms already far more mature that offer better security, permissioning, and many might say, an overall better user experience (elgg and buddypress spring to mind as names, although I won't say they're necessarily better UX). Diaspora got a HUGE publicity boost from Facebook's earlier privacy blunders this year, and may be able to ride that wave a bit longer, but the 'federation' aspect they want to add could possibly/probably be added to existing product. Perhaps other products are considering this already? As someone else said yesterday, having an 'HTTP' for social media would be more important than having an 'Apache' for social media. I've not found noise cancelling headphones on their own helped all that much. For me, there's still a set of frequencies that seem to penetrate past the noise cancelling tech - outside street traffic, some walking on floors, low frequencies, certain speech. Noise cancelling headphones while using whitenoise works better (though still traffic and such get through, just not as distracting). That said, for me, whitenoise on its own with cheap headphones was much better than fancy noise cancelling ones. My wife had a pair of the high end bose noice cancellers last year - they didn't work for me for work purposes, and they were too bulky for her to sleep with. pretty slick :) I created a client-side image shrinker - demo at http://kimsal.com/shrinker - github at http://github.com/mgkimsal/jsclientshrinker Perhaps integrating this functionality for images that are 'too big' (whatever file size you decide) would be a nice enhancement? :) Cool. Fork on github and send any pull requests. The issues right now are that it only works with ff3 and chrome. I'd have thought safari would work, but it doesn't (didn't for me). Some integrated browser detection to offer transparent reduction for images on compatible browsers would great. Let me know how it works out for you :) I can't remember where I got it. I probably just googled for whitenoise, then looped a resulting mp3. I've tried some of the generator apps - some aren't bad - but I just have another app in the background running which I don't want all the time. A single looped mp3 I can play on any device. I've also got a sound machine I use for sleep - it's got a 'waterfall' sound I use as whitenoise to go to sleep. http://indieconf.com/whitenoise15.mp3 is what I use most days. Was reading pg's comments about single founders: "What's wrong with having one founder? To start with, it's a vote of no confidence. It probably means the founder couldn't talk any of his friends into starting the company with him. That's pretty alarming, because his friends are the ones who know him best." Someone else mentioned it on this thread, but I'll expound. The majority of good solid people who are capable of being 'co-founders' of something are likely already doing it. 'Capable' has many dimensions - financial stability, personal drive, motivation, risk tolerance, etc. This notion of 'get your friends to join you' is extremely narrow, and while this may be how life in the Valley is, I can assure you it's not like that in most of the country where the rest of us live. Also: "And you learn a lot more about yourself and your limits." That's right. One of the things that happens with 'co-founder' situations is that you're both learning about yourselves and each other at the same time. Taking on a 'co-founder' who's "good with sales" - unless there's a demonstrable (and ideally long ) track record is essentially a huge gamble, as both of you are making a guess about someone's ability. Personally, I tend to discount anyone's self-estimate about their own ability - show me the track record. As for the other comment about 'only being able to do so much on your own' - that's what hiring other people is all about. I understand there's not always money up front to do that. But I'd say you'll be in a much better position to contract out the bits you can't do, either at a reduced rate or some sort of time-limited profit sharing, but in no way just bring someone on as a 'co-founder'. If they are truly starting at the beginning, that's different, but bringing someone on after you've done much of the hard work - nope. Yes, you might not be able to find quality talent, but you couldn't find it in the beginning anyway. My own view is I'd be much more likely to want to work with someone after they've demonstrated the ability to do something on their own which produces revenue (or something insanely innovative from a technology viewpoint that I grok instantly and see a distinct vision for, but that's not crossed my path yet). If you've got 'a cool idea', and want me to come on board as a 'co-founder' and do all the hard tech work, and you've never sold anything to anyone, and want to veto every suggestion I have, we're not co-founders - you're looking for hired help. And that's fine, but the hired help need to be paid. I've been approached numerous times over the past few years about coming on as a 'technical cofounder'. Only once did someone even have a proof of concept put together that was demonstrating the idea in rough form (including a revenue stream, however meager it was). In all other cases, the execution onus is entirely on me, and in every case, there were some rather odd directions people wanted to move in. When questioned, in every case the 'founder' (who hadn't done anything except float an idea by people) was adamant that the vision was great and couldn't be changed. And without me (or someone) it couldn't be executed, but that point seemed to be lost. It seemed people I was talking to would generally rather have 100% control of an idea rather than, say, 80% control over an actual working service/product. Maybe my experiences are radically different from others who get approached about being 'co-founders'? Short view - I agree with the notion of 'DIY' as far as you can as a single founder in your enterprise before you start looking for help. With the luxury of some initial success behind you, you'll be in a much better bargaining position when bringing help on board in whatever capacity (paid, equity, etc). I remembered hearing that - definitely good to know people understand when to bend their own rules (more like 'guidelines we know when to break' than rules, really). hrm.... would have been nice to have seen this built on 'twiliokit' ( http://github.com/mgkimsal/twiliokit ) - a starter kit I put together for building twilio apps inside a pre-configured MVC framework (ZF 1.10). I guess I need to do a better job of promoting twiliokit :) Thanks for your support-desk contribution all the same - looks nice and clean :) Also notice how Chet was never 'fat', but 'plump','chubby','stout', etc? I learned more synonyms for fat from Hardy Boys books than should have been allowed. Problem is, it's usually not 'someone' sizing you up - it's an algorithm like a FICO score that gets spit back to anyone looking you up for credit considerations. When dealing face to face with someone reviewing a report for a score, they might take that in to consideration, but it's not always (or usually?) the case. If you do it fast enough, the bank may remove the charge. They might not be able to easily remove the mark on your credit report now - but you won't know without asking. I've had my branch remove a couple of 'late payments' because they were truly just 'late' by a day or two, and generally just a bit of misplanning on my part. I can always move my money elsewhere, and they'll lose a decent customer for the sake of a $30 fine - they've removed the charges in both cases. You're not saying how much "most of your life" is - are you 20? 60? How much experience do you have with the technologies you're working with (and other related tech)? How much outside tech stuff do you do? I don't know Houston specifically, but that doesn't sound too out of place for a server side java dev with 4 years of experience in the midwest. A couple things bother me - 2 raises in 4 years. Also, dual Java and .Net work. As much as I'm a 'play in all camps' advocate, you may never get truly deep skills to justify higher pay (in future jobs) if you're doing jumping between tech. Overall, it's not the worst pay I've ever heard of for someone with multiple years of experience in Java and .Net. Indeed shows: http://www.indeed.com/salary?q1=.net&l1=houston&tm=1 = $85k http://www.indeed.com/salary?q1=java&l1=houston&tm=1 = $91k Obviously just a rough ballpark, but you're near average it seems. 'jumping around' wasn't me being derogatory - just how some employers would rather have someone with, say, 6 years of deep JEE experience rather than 6 years of mixed Java/.Net/etc experienced mixed together. For some positions, that makes sense, and for others, that requirement may not make sense. The major 3 in the US - experian, transunion and equifax - all have that level of detail. Coupla points: A) you only presented a select bit of info and asked if it was a decent salary B) my experiences over the past 15-20 years have been that recruiters and HR people often overlook someone who doesn't have deep experience with one particular tech. C) I would question someone who's counting 15 years of C experience while also counting the same time as doing .net. If you were doing the majority of those 3 years in .net, then say 3 years of .net, 5 of java and 7 of C. It's still a 15 year career, showing advancement, etc. If you've got 15 years of progressive advancement with a variety of tech at that level, and you're concerned about money/pay, go freelance/consulting. I'm not saying it's right or good, just what my impressions have been working with hiring managers, HR peeps and recruiters. In some cases diversity of experience is something they look for, and in others it's not. http://threddie.com The flip side of this is a job I interviewed for (and actually did take) several years ago. I brought printed copies of some code I'd recently worked on (not sure why I didn't just bring a laptop!). Towards the end of the interview I brought it out and asked if the interviewer would like to review some of it with me. I was told "No". "Why not?" I asked. "Not everyone has the ability to bring code, and it would be unfair to look at yours if we can't look at everyone's." I was slightly flabbergasted, thought the logic was 100% wrong, but was offered the job and took it despite that. I was there about 2 years, and the first 18 months or so were generally enjoyable, but nothing lasts forever. :/ That's what I thought. But when you have an odd view of 'best', then you take odd steps. That episode sticks with me years later because it was the only time it's ever turned out that way. What's the point of ever producing newer versions of a language with new features (or, golly, even bug fixes ) if no one will ever use them because everyone has a 'lowest common denominator' mentality? More to the point, what is the process of changing the 'lowest common denominator' everyone's using? It might be - not sure it's just a PNG issue, or if it's a canvas flaw, or what. The system could ideally check the before/after sizes, and only send the smaller one. Good catch (I think I'd seen that once in testing too). Personally, networking in the local area and a bit of craigslist has been what's worked for me the past 3 years. First year (second round of being indie) was rough, but connections made then have blossomed in to new opps over the past two years. Not sure I can stress that enough - work came to me 2 months ago from someone I met 9 months ago during a meeting with someone else I did work 16 months ago met via Craigslist. I met someone at a conference and 8 months later he called asking if I wanted some ongoing part time work. My own experience is that these things take time, but are eventually worth it. Not sure if there's a way to go grab the 3 figure hourly rate gigs without personal referrals (I'm sure it's possible , but not been something I've found much). You may want to aggressively let your immediate circle know you're looking for some extra short term / part-time gigs. Craigslist connections made about 40% of my income in 2008 - it's gone down some since then, but connections made via Craigslist still bring in revenue now and then. Personal advice - do what you're doing - trim living expenses, shed some excess baggage (unnecessary cars, etc), build up a runway of savings (X months, whatever you're comfortable with) for when you go fulltime on the startup idea. Like many out there, I've got a few of my own 'startup' ideas I may pursue, but want to have a comfortable runway to allow me to focus on the idea rather than cave and start having to do project work midway through the project. Also, just to give myself a bit of breathing space - something I haven't had in many years (though do now, a bit). http://indieconf.com was set up to bring people together to network and help address these sorts of questions. Virtuality of HN is great, but some face to face to address the realities of freelancing is good too :) Good luck - ping me at mgkimsal@gmail.com if you care to chat directly. In my area, looking at http://raleigh.craigslist.org/sof/ and http://raleigh.craigslist.org/web/ and http://raleigh.craigslist.org/eng/ It wasn't all that hot for me to start with. I probably replied to 80 postings in a month, and only had a couple things pan out, but they panned out all the same. Good point. Some people are definitely looking for full time, others are just looking to get work done. Some are explicitly looking for contract/parttime and they indicate that too. F/T is what many want, but not everyone. It rarely hurts to ask - offer part time hours and see if they're open to that. Sorry to hear you didn't go with Grails (my framework of choice too). Sounds like the .Net choice was based on his skills, and not yours. The domain-first approach of Grails, especially with greenfield projects, is so tempting that it'd be really hard for me not to choose it for something these days. I have chosen non-Grails tech in the last year, but it's been a tough choice in those cases. :) How's the project site coming along? You don't submit patches for Codeplex - you submit patches to projects hosted on Codeplex. Some project managers and devs using Codeplex are better than others at reviewing and taking patches and involvement. So what? Most projects on Sourceforge are just plain dead, but everything there is 'open source'. paypal's likely going to be the easiest. To some extent, whatever your initial results are, factor in a few % who aren't buying solely because it's Paypal. If you have profit, expand in to using Google Checkout as an alternative (though I don't think they have recurring) then look at getting a full merchant account that support recurring (or investigate spreedly or other services). Good luck. Choices - I meant to write last night but got tied up. Being on that side of the table, I get their motivation. However, that sounds like a rather large amount of money. LaunchBox Digital - an incubator around here - gives teams $20k I think, plus connections and other resources. $100k is lot of money to develop a product. It's certainly not unreasonable if the specs call for it. But as someone else said, they're going to get paid regardless, PLUS they want future revenue from the idea. I think you should shop around some more, and I'd be interested in talking to you more about this. Contact me at mgkimsal@gmail.com - willing to consider a money/equity split, and probably not anywhere near a $100k deal. :) http://www.pixycity.com/ We'll be focusing on ways to deal with the day to day aspects of freelancing/self-employment at http://indieconf.com , despite the majority of the US seeming to ignore our contributions. :) Perhaps Sara Horowitz can come and present? is it a competitive advantage to your company? GPL might make more sense (or AGPL even). But you may end up needing to watch over contributions and manage that process if you're requiring them to come back. MIT/BSD/Apache would allow you to let others adopt it more aggressively without requiring patches back, so the adoption rate might be faster, but things may fork away from your needs without any real ability to influence things via a 'give contributions back' requirement. Much of it depends on what your company's motivation is. If this was primarily to keep you happy, but they don't want to support the effort long term, MIT/BSD would be easier all around. "rubbish. I thought maybe it would "quack" whilst searching, but it does nothing (other than find what I'm looking for)." My wife's reaction to duckduckgo. Just wanted to get it out there for posterity :) "In what way are nonpaying customers valuable in a freemium pricing model" They keep your user from using a competing service (whether pay or free). Grails with GORM is the closest I've found. Not perfect, but I rarely write 'queries' for most projects unless I have specific complex reporting needs with performance considerations. http://www.grails.org/GORM I don't write create scripts, or data management stuff, or SQL of any kind. def smithUsers = User.findAllByLastname("smith") It's not drag/drop/gui, but it's a lot less mental friction for me when writing code. That's not a bad book. Once you're in to that, you might have a better idea of specific areas of Java you want to explore more (Android, as you say, or other areas) and you can go looking for more specific books in those areas. Bruce Eckel's "thinking in java" isn't bad either. Might be a bit dated in some sections, but the basics are there. It' a creative commons free book, IIRC. people don't need to search for rails info as much, because they already know what they need and/or go directly to the source? google trends is showing what people are searching for, which isn't necessarily what's being used the most (though likely there's a correlation). I can't speak to the GP, but I can say I've written a few systems ('moderate' in size, with a growing dataset) and was able to do the first pass and go for 6 months or so without needing to write any SQL. I ended up writing some because some reports needed to be run fast . The ORM was working, but doing more than it needed to, and it was easier to just write the SQL in that case than it was to try to figure out how to express the use cases in the ORM (GORM/Grails, using Hibernate under the hood). I can't say I never write queries, but on the few Grails projects I've worked on over the past 18 months or so, I've probably needed to write fewer than 15 queries total. It might explain the trend. Just because you can substitute nouns doesn't mean that the conclusion I'm drawing is wrong . I don't think my explanation is correct, FWIW, but I'm not sure there's much you can draw just using a google trends chart anyway. It's not measuring usage (which is what the OP was presumably looking for information on), only searches. Clickable: http://page99test.wordpress.com/2010/09/25/we-need-your-opin...