I like it. One thing it's missing is the lack of a way to add your own perception of how normal your week was - as an employee this is more stable, I guess, but as a business owner sometimes every week is a new bouquet and a new brickbat in one. I didn't really 'get' the interface until I realised that Blender is to 3D modeling as vim is to text editing. Yeah, using a crude name for a specific gender's genitalia as a pejorative is a bit of a dick move. This was my response too. "Random" doesn't mean much without specifying a distribution. The problem here is that this sort of termination clause is basically standard practice these days. For instance, Google's TOS just says "Google may also stop providing Services to you, or add or create new limits to our Services at any time": http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/ - That's pretty damn scary given that I (and most people I know) have a Gmail account as their primary contact! Everyone just accepts it on the assumption that it's a last-ditch protection against 'bad people', and hopes that in their case if anything goes wrong the company will deal transparently and fairly with them. To somewhere that's not America then? Because you've left a few options open... To the right of the '5' key, above the '3' key and below the '9' key. This was my thought - it's an awesome read and 3D printing definitely has its place, but its strength is generally in one-off or very-short-run custom items rather than building mass produced parts. It's closer to hold'em than it is to a lottery. But like both of those comparators it is certainly a gamble. Everyone who ever did anything that truly changed the world did so thinking it was obvious and that anyone in their place would have done the same. In the case of your Coke vs. Pepsi scenario, would the recipe for Coke not be protected both as a trade secret, and under copyright? On the other hand, I can't believe it'd be against the law for some employees from Coke to quit and start a company that manufactures soda (assuming they didn't actually use Coke's recipe). Object-oriented programming is a paradigm that can be followed in almost any language. If you're creating a conceptual 'object' that stores state and has associated methods then you're using OOP. Question for people who own Pebble watches - have you read the Pebble privacy policy? They track a ridiculous amount of stuff (everything from your GPS location and activity to what other apps you run on your phone), log it indefinitely (literally 'for a period of time') in personally identifiable form, and reserve the right to sell your data to third parties. It baffles me how people can be OK with this. GadgetBridge is the only reason I haven't canceled my Pebble Time Steel order. Hopefully I'll have time to help out with the project once my watch arrives. You mean for Unix phones (a la Ubuntu Phone)? Or you want to tether it to your desktop/laptop? Either way the Gadgetbridge source should provide a good starting point if no existing software is available. I guess I just don't understand how you can not be bothered by the fact that your watch (or more accurately, the companion app on your phone) is constantly uploading detailed, realtime information about your life to a third party? Are you hardcore in the 'nothing to hide' camp? Do you just not believe that privacy is important? If you're fine with Pebble knowing everything about you, are you fine with them selling all of this information to anyone they choose? And given the ongoing litany of security breaches and data leaks, even if Pebble never use or sell your data for anything, are you fine with your information becoming public knowledge if Pebble ever get hacked or have their database leaked? Some day we may just have to accept ubiquitous surveillance as the price for technology, but I don't think we've reached that point yet. The problem is that the app needs internet access, and access to much of your phone's data, to provide the watch's useful functions. You can't just block internet access without disabling apps that require online data. That's no excuse for them to then upload all of that data to their servers for monetisation and possible sale. Thought experiment: Dogs tend to act guilty when they know they've done something wrong. If you get two dogs together, and one does something naughty, do both act guilty afterwards or only one? If only one, then is it not reasonable to assume that the guilty dog has internally models the situation as "I did bad thing, I am bad dog" but the other dog internally models the situation as "I didn't do bad thing, I am good dog"? I'm not saying dogs sit around quoting Kant, but they're highly social animals and I find it hard to believe they don't have some internal representation of themselves. Or terrifying, if you consider that a simulation of his son's brain is , in a very real sense, his son. And that when he shuts that simulation down he's killing it. > I also think we can see a huge bias about some of our theories of what human beings are: [...] I agree. A common theme in articles like this is the suggestion that when our subconscious mind does something, it's "not us doing it", as if your conscious experience is all that counts as "you". The 'conventional wisdom' you quote sounds valid in a professional environment. If your only experience of teamwork is with group projects in university then worrying that 'teamwork' equates to 'being saddled with a bunch of slackers' is entirely reasonable. I think their answer was a very honest answer, which was a classic rookie mistake (although totally excusable since it was their first 'real' job interview). After being round the block a couple of times, we learn to add some spin to the answer, the way you did, and the interviewer sees that we can play the game, and we get hired. I just finished reading Blindsight and Echopraxia (as the omnibus release 'Firefall') a couple of days ago, they're both great reads. I don't agree with his conclusions about sentience but I think they're well worth exploring nonetheless. Edit: Oh wow, not only is Blindsight available online, but all of his short stories are up as well! http://www.rifters.com/real/shorts.htm Consciousness is only useless when performing tasks that you have already mastered. Think of your brain as a box containing a programmer (the conscious) and a computer (the subconscious) - the programmer only gets in the way of a program's execution once the program is written, but is indispensable when a new program is required. It's referenced in Echopraxia, but only to explicitly state that the Bicameral Brotherhood isn't named for that study. :) I agree. Social animals need to be able to model other members of their group. Once that model evolves to include their internal models (including their model of you) then recursive self-awareness pretty much comes for free. This makes heaps of sense, they say "wow it looks so much like a Gaussian kernel" and my first thought was "is Gaussian not the go-to kernel for image processing?" > Plus -- "first newborn in the house" is something that causes upheaval for maybe 6 months or so, and then life settles down again. Ha! That's fine until they get to 8 months and stop sleeping through the night again (which apparently is a common thing). A few weeks of chronic sleep deprivation can absolutely destroy your ability to do anything vaguely brain-work-related. Gotta push the market down before the next round of buy-low-sell-high! Nor does it matter whether you eat carbs or fats or protein. In the immortal words of Doctor Rudy, 'You haf. To eat. Less.' Did anyone else think it was strange, in an article about runtime efficiency, for them to say that problem-specific optimisations promise speedups of "several orders of magnitude"? Because, well, that doesn't change the order of the algorithm... So basically n=12, and they saw 2 instances of one thing and 1 instance of another. Sure, maybe p You can't just lump things into two categories: https://youtu.be/bXKvRNnXF3A I think being difficult "for computers" is a misleading concept. Go is more difficult for our current algorithms than chess, at least in part because we've focused on chess for much longer. Sooner or later we may discover some new algorithm (this deep-neural-net-based approach may be it) which will reduce Go to be as tractable as chess, or even more so. It's discoverable in the sense that if you do the right thing, you discover it. It's undiscoverable in the sense that, even now with long-tap being a fairly common "right click" on touch devices, there's no indication (unless I've missed one) that a long tap does anything here until you try it by accident. It's not a question of "that's hard to do", but of "why would you even do that?" A horizontal pinch-zoom or horizontal drag would be arguably more intuitive as a way to expand the like button. From the announcement on the Parse blog, it sounds like Parse might in fact be the open source Parse alternative: > Second, we’re releasing the open source Parse Server, which lets you run most of the Parse API from your own Node.js server. Sounds like he's viewing things very much from a research-scientist perspective. From that point of view, sure, a lot of the groundbreaking work has already been done. From the point of view of someone who just has a job to do, though, it's a tool in the toolbox. If it's the most appropriate tool then you'd be stupid not to use it. Round is 2-3 days, yeah. IMO it gives up the major drawcard of the Pebble (ie. the battery life and simple 'just the basics' design) for no advantage other than being smaller and prettier. I've got a Time Steel and it lasts around a week, and it's chunky but not hugely so. I like it. Mechanical watches don't hold terribly good time and need to be re-set every few days at the outside. It's quite a pain. And yet this is how people seem to view it (even looking at the "serious" conversations on singularityhub and similar places). Their view of has this real idiot/god dichotomy going on, dramatized so that it only takes seconds from "it's just a dumb computer" to "it's become self-aware" to "it's taken over the entire internet and built an army of robots!" Thinking about it, it probably comes from our general perceptions (based on conventional software development) that computers will either not do something at all, or they'll do it blindingly fast. And even people who work with computers often don't really grok the difference between multiplying two big matrices, and pondering the best way to approach an unsolved problem. Why will an artificial general intelligence automatically be "thousands of times faster than the entire human race"? Are you assuming that this theoretical AI algorithm is trivial in terms of computational complexity? Precisely. The image recognition and natural language processing that's "just a deep learning algorithm" today would have blown the socks off anyone ten years ago. Chess playing programs were AI until they could decisively beat all humans, and then we decided that chess doesn't require intelligence. Self-driving cars were AI until they got close to market and now apparently driving a car doesn't require intelligence. It would seem that only True Scotsmen are intelligent. Works on an original iPhone (if I print it out and glue it to the screen) I've done similar images in the past and the approach I used was: 1) Choose a target image resolution, and set up a square array of that size, initialized to zeroes. 2) Decide on the bounds you want to use, and linearly map coordinates into the target image. Say you want to graph x in the range [Xmin, Xmax) and your resolution is Xres, then pixel_x = (int)((x - Xmin) * Xres / (Xmax - Xmin)) (Note that if you have a higher-dimensional attractor you'll need some form of projection down to two dimensions.) 3) Iterate your attractor equation (starting point doesn't matter because it's an attractor). Each iteration, increment the pixel that matches your current coordinates. Stop iterating when you land on a pixel with a value above some preset. 4) Apply a palette to your pixel values to turn it into a nice picture like the ones linked here. If the author feels they can't be part of a community because of some code containing a suggestively-named (in their particular culture) variable, then that's their choice and more power to them. The response from this Duncan guy was probably unnecessarily rude, and while I mostly agree with the content of his response, he certainly came across as a bit of a dick. That said, I fail to see why we should care. A person was part of a community until they had a snit and left it. Okay. (Edit: As rightly pointed out below, the author was effectively kicked out of their role after complaining about said variable. So fair enough, I'm upgrading Duncan & co. from 'bit of a dick' to 'complete dick who shouldn't be in charge'. In which case we should definitely care about a project's admin abusing their power in that way.) After a re-read, you are indeed correct. And I agree, that kind of behaviour does warrant warning potential contributors away from the project. I do understand why he behaved this way. Look at the recent attempts to coerce various high-profile projects into adopting a particular code of conduct. These attempts invariably introduce identity politics and drama into a previously purely meritocratic community, and result in a huge amount of wasted time and lost productivity. Regardless, I don't think he went about it the right way. It would have been more effective to simply reject the patch with a note stating that the variable name was appropriate in context (assuming it was so). And here is the exact phenomenon we're talking about, in action! Back when neural nets were "fundamentally novel" we didn't have the understanding or computing power to tap their potential. So they "weren't really AI" because they couldn't do much that was interesting. Now, we have a better understanding of how to use them, and we have enough computing grunt to make them do really interesting things. But they're "not really AI" because they're "not fundamentally novel." 10 years ago general purpose image comprehension by computers was nonexistent and Google image search for $word basically just returned images with $word in or mentioned near the URL. Nowadays you can search for "young einstein" and get 3 pictures of Yahoo Serious and 10 pictures of Albert Einstein as a young man. It still looks like magic to me even though I know a bit about how it works. Just wait, after machines become unarguably sentient, the only thing for them to fall back on will be "yeah but it doesn't have a soul". :P So what happens if (when?) we come up with a system that does everything a human can do, better than a human, but doesn't contain any 'crazy insights', just a bunch of incremental improvements on what we have now? Does that mean we aren't intelligent? Or does it mean that the system isn't intelligent but that we are "because we do it differently"? Or do we accept at that point that intelligence is composed of simple building blocks interacting in complex ways (which we already know, if we eschew Cartesian duelism)? I got a "You've been XSSd" popup. Not sure if humorous alert("test") or if demo JS exploit... Edit: Some Ctrl+F resulted in "console.log("halp"); alert("you've been XSSd");" from "Harrison Shoebridge". Naff. No-one's "fixed" email because of the network effect. You think trying to break into the social networking space is bad? Consider that everyone who does use social networking has an email address, along with almost everyone who doesn't. What, any time someone wants an analogy they can simply summon one to their location with their mobile phone? > Most of my friends are feminists . > There's practically no hostility There are many people who identify as feminists who are fair, rational, and genuinely want equal opportunities for all. There are many other people who identify as feminists who are militantly against anything but total female domination. The word is used by so many different groups with different ideologies in different contexts that it's become meaningless. And this is why driverless cars will never (or at least not soon) attempt to optimise trolley-problem-style for number of human lives saved or similar. The algorithms chosen will optimise for one thing and one thing only: Legal defensibility for the car's actions. I don't know about the specifics talked about here, but he's absolutely right that no matter how much raw talent you have, eventually you will find yourself facing a challenge that you can't beat. And at that point, if you want to keep improving, you will have to start learning the same kinds of engineering discipline and using the same kinds of external aids that everyone else has had to use all along. I've seen a few people go through this process (and experienced it myself) at various stages in their careers and everyone has a rough patch after hitting that wall. Eventually they admit that what they've been doing is no longer working, and they become better engineers because of it. But it's tough when you're in the middle of it, and for a while your work definitely suffers. Precisely, and this is all the email is saying; that it's better to learn how to use a winch or a snatch strap before you get yourself fully bogged. "The enemy of my enemy is my food." I love this restatement of RPS. Dancers are more likely to be girly girls and welders are more likely to be blokey blokes, making the two more likely to be compatible? Species go extinct all the time, and the world doesn't end. Wiping out one species deliberately will probably not be a disaster. Letting mosquitoes continue to exist is just as likely to "bring along with it an endless string of unforeseen consequences, one that could possibly be worse for humans than the problems we have now" as not doing so. On the other hand, we should probably do some due diligence before deciding to embark on a mosquitocide, just to try and swing the odds in our favour. "Yeah, well I expect the lights had gone out." Although I guess if this describes Linux, then closed source is generally more like the plans being on display at the local Galactic Council office on Proxima Centauri. Yeah, even if there are no obligate mosquivores, we're perturbing a chaotic system, which is defined by sensitive dependence on initial conditions. Any action we take (including none at all) is going to have some arbitrarily large (or small) effect on the future state of the system. If it works exactly as described, the 'only male offspring' modification should be nice and side-effect-free. But then, evolution is a big-numbers statistical game. Who knows what interesting variations we'll see.. Even 'dull' and 'unimaginative' are outliers. You need to be... beige. But my mum had to cut all the tags out of my shirts when I was in school too! Finally someone who feels my pain! :P Edit: She did though, damn things were itchy. Doesn't seem to be a problem since I grew up though. Funny that. True, species with heterogametic females (such as some reptiles) will revert to parthogenesis if no male is available. If mosquitoes are like that (are they?) then that could lead to all sorts of interesting consequences after a dedicated push to release infertile males. Totally privileged. If these problems can't explicitly be scaled horizontally by the developer, why would this system be able to scale them horizontally by doing it behind the scenes? Any limitations of data exchange between nodes would still apply. Agreed. I took one game to calibrate (I've just never worked with scatter plots much and had no idea what various P-levels "looked like") and got ~30 on my second game. What finally killed me was a streak of low correlations - Eyeballing gives me no idea if it's a 0.05 or a 0.35. Anything 0.45 - 0.8 seemed pretty easy. I didn't really get anything over 0.85. Really? The issues OP lists: * For consumption but not creation - a 'dumb' mobile is even more so, you're stuck with the built-in functionality and can't install any other software. * Not real network clients due to battery limitations - arguably true for 'dumb' phones as well but they don't have the 'powerful CPU and fast network connection' that OP bemoans wasting. * Massive centralization / shift to "the cloud" - 'dumb' phones have limited or no online presence. * Ruined web design - 'dumb' phones have little or no web browsing capability and web pages don't target them. * Insecure - can't really argue that one. * Malevolent / locked down - technically applies to 'dumb' phones but they were never advertised as general purpose software platforms. I'd say most of his points stand. You got to the unsubscribe form? Every time I inadvertently follow a link to that site, I get to their "show the article then cover it in a popup demanding I register" screen, think "to hell with you" and close the tab. Which is a pity because it seems like they have a lot of interesting content, but there's no way in hell I'm going to give them my Facebook or Google+ account to get at it, and I can't be bothered creating a new throwaway email just for them. C++ is a language that's easy to code badly in, but that doesn't mean it's hard to code well (portably, maintainably, effectively) in. IMO it's a language that well suits pragmatic programmers who are willing to cherry-pick the most convenient and productive features for their projects and leave the rest alone. It's a terrible language for those of us who compulsively try to be clever and use every little nook and cranny of the language they're using. They get lost out in the dark scary corridors and spiderwebs, and then say "C++ sucks" instead of "what the hell, don't go out there unless you really NEED variadic templates today." Edit: And it's easy to get yourself in really weird pickles if you don't know what not to do, (static initialization order, I'm looking at you!) I've found my WTF-per-minute rate has dropped dramatically over the years as my coding style has improved. Compare and contrast: https://sense2vec.spacy.io/?dank_meme|NOUN > Meanwhile, the previous designers and implementors seem to fade (who knows where they end up?) 'Promoted' to management, due to the all-pervasive and asinine perception that the only way to recognize a highly skilled technical person is to waste their time with bossing other people around. I think the implication is that the Chinese government exerts a lot of control over the internet there, and are openly monitoring/intercepting internet traffic. As such, they shouldn't be considered a trusted authority for security related purposes. Is that necessarily a bad thing? Maybe if you're transcribing text for dictation, but for many voice recognition uses, you would be happy with text conveying the semantic content of the spoken text. Not my field either, but I wouldn't have thought that mere word proximity would lead to something as interesting as word embeddings either, and they seem to be a general purpose "input token -> semantic meaning" mapping, so who knows? (Seriously, if someone does know, tell!) > They're just facing a bubble, for the time being, that will produce lots of bargain prices when it pops. All those 'old people' who we complain about are going to start dropping off the perch sooner or later. That's when the bubble will really burst. Popular media: "Y and probably Z!!" Social media: "You'll never believe that W leads to this one weird thing!" It sounds like it'd be trivial to nop out the timer on repeated passcode attempts. Which makes sense... Leaving any short passcode trivially crackable. >The fact that they can push weak OS updates to a locked phone is the backdoor. This times nine hundred and eleven thousand. If you're good at picking things up in a hurry, the best way to gain experience in new skills is to get hired for your existing skill set, either at a very small company or (better yet) a large one with incompetent management. In a small company, everyone wears a bunch of different hats and you will often be asked to do new things outside your official role. In a large company with bad management, staff turnover will ensure that they regularly find themselves short on skills, at which point you can stick your hand up to pick up the slack. Either way, if you consistently deliver the goods then they'll keep coming to you with new challenges. Everyone invents slang to seem more important. Google+ was going great guns until they started forcing people to use real names everywhere. There's a big step between "building a social network" and "trying to own your users' real life identities". Just playing devil's advocate here (and I'm in no way full bottle on U.S. law) but from other posts here, one of the most contentious points about national security letters is the very strict gag order that is usually attached to them. Yes, there's a publicly available court order. How would you know there isn't also an NSL? It's amazing how many parallels exist between an abusive workplace and an abusive personal relationship. Good on you for getting out and finding somewhere better! > Carrying a balance on a credit card is almost never an appropriate use of debt. One exception: Credit cards with those introductory "6 months interest free" clauses. Sign up for as many as you can get, with as large a limit as you can get. Max them all out on payments into a mortgage offset account. Just before the end of the interest free period, pay them all off again. (I've heard of this being done but I'd bet it's a lot harder to pull off these days.) Wouldn't they get very hot in the presence of a strong, rapidly varying magnetic field? There's your business model right there. For a modest sum, you will buy your customer's house off them for the new market value, then immediately sell it back to them for the same value. $8000 - 2 x property taxes should still leave some margin. If that quote shows how overrated he is, I should read more of his stuff. This is true but, in terms of security, is meaningless. If they can order Apple to unlock one device this way, they can do it again, and once they've got a precedent, the next time won't be national news, it'll just be routine. Exactly. If there's one thing I hate about the direction of tech these days, it's this headlong rush to gratuitously shackle all of our previously-independent devices to a mesh of online services. My bike lock (to use this example) should NOT require an internet connection, and should not depend on some web service (run by a super trendoid startup which might not exist in six months time) to fulfill its function. And don't get me started on phone apps which shift some trivial processing off into "the cloud" as a thinly veiled excuse to upload all of your personal data to the company's servers so they can then flog your details off to some advertising company. /rant "If you've done nothing wrong, you have nothing to fear." Reassuring thought when new laws can be added at any time to criminalize your past actions... Real robots will have their second and third laws swapped. Robots are expensive and humans are stupid. Robots will politely refuse any order which will damage them - for example, a self-driving car isn't going to drive into a wall even if it's empty and you order it to do so. In my example the car is empty, so there is no first law involved. I probably could have worded it more clearly. :/ I believe the story you're referring to is called "Rabbit". They solved that one by forcing a situation which triggered the first law, breaking the deadlock. :) Bah, that'll teach me to post when I'm half asleep. At least I remembered the end rightly (ish). Clearly it's time for me to re-read his early robot anthologies. Is this close enough to your original idea? http://www.dashfest.com/?p=393 This badly needs to change, now that your "pocket lint" can store more data than an entire house full of filing cabinets. Wow. My first semester of computer science had me studying fuckin' Gofer. When you first install Sourcetree (and every year thereafter) you have to register it with an email address. Is this just that or is it different? (ie. have they started requiring an always-on connection to Atlassian or something?) I always find myself wondering this as well. The only way I can think of is they decide to hire thousands of mediocre employees and churn the money away with rewrites and busywork. Nope, as in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gofer_%28programming_language%... , the neutered Haskell clone. Don't get me wrong, I certainly think that functional programming has its place in the world, but as a first year uni student all fired up about finally learning "real" programming after years of teaching myself (back before the internet laid everything out on a platter), I was not impressed. Yuck, thanks for the heads up. On the third hand, if you have some kind of career goals, then you probably want to be making some kind of progress towards them. While it's not always possible to discuss such goals with your employer (eg. if your goal is "become the CTO" and your immediate manager's goal is also "become the CTO" then discussing this with them is likely to end poorly), it's important to at least let them know which direction you want to go in. At my last job, I was the primary fire-putter-outer on a number of fronts, and it was very disheartening watching new projects (that I'd put my hand up for) get handed off to others while I was busy fixing up the previous efforts of said others. I feel your pain. :( It's the Dilbert Principle in action, except that rather than less effective people/groups being deliberately selected for advancement, those groups are selected by default because they're sitting around doing nothing important. The most effective people/groups are too busy getting the critical work done to risk letting them change roles. If you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted. Does TouchID have any protections against your finger unlocking your phone post-mortem? The three priorities of software development: 1) Make it work (at all) 2) Make it work right 3) (If necessary) make it work fast Psychological manipulation (or maybe, being more charitable, 'magic tricks') for AIs. Interesting. I wonder if, by treating an Amazon Turk style classifier instead of a deep learning system, you could use this approach to farm optical illusions or similar human 'glitches'? This engine design is, in fact, 2-stroke according to the article. Clark's Law: Any sufficiently advanced incompetence is indistinguishable from malice. Isn't that what border security does? > Farmed out the replication of every result to undergrads would, one be a practical/logistical nightmare, and two lead to less reliability in what a degree means. Actually I think farming out replication to undergrads would be an excellent approach. Your final year undergrad project should be to choose an under-replicated study and repeat it, publishing your findings. Each individual study might be less reliable if done by an undergrad than done by a seasoned researcher, but if each study is repeated by say 5 undergrads and 2+ of them fail to replicate the results, that would be enough to indicate that the study warrants further attention. > One student could spend their time working on a important result gaining tons of insight and expertise while another could be stuck replicating a task that turned out to be worthless bullshit and have very little to show for it. The whole point of science is that we don't know what will turn out to be an important result and what will turn out to be worthless bullshit. No study is worth a damn unless it's been replicated but everyone is too busy trying to land-grab the next little piece of unexplored territory to actually validate anything that comes before. If nothing else, we need to regain the perception that a negative result is just as important as a positive result - to paraphrase Edison, discovering 100 things that don't work is just as important as discovering one thing that does. So you're agreeing with GP poster that the legal objections are what will prevent self-driving cars on a large scale? Thankyou! I've been saying this for a while, the current approach of 'driver assistance' or 'autopilot' is terrible. The more reliable the autopilot, the less attention the human 'driver' is going to be paying when the autopilot actually does say "okay turkey, you fly it" and shut off. And that is far more likely to happen in an unusual (read: hazardous) situation. You're self-selecting for a human panic reaction followed by a crash. If these VMs use the same license as the ISOs, then they're under a 90-day evaluation license which disallows commercial usage. Maybe this is what he's referring to? What, you're saying that excluding the middle ground is a fallacy? By Jove, I think you may be onto something! There are WAY fewer farmers now than there were even 100 years ago. The rest of them are no longer employed as farmers. What's that fallacy called which leads us to assume that other peoples' jobs are easy? If there are a few major players in an area and all of their offerings are terrible, is it more reasonable to conclude that they just all suck despite somehow being major players, or to conclude that it's actually a much harder problem than you think? Does this mean they brought back PrivacyGuard? That was the main reason I switched to Cyanogen - to be able to use apps without giving in to their often ridiculous demands for access to my personal information. > 90% of ABP users keep the default settings Are you telling me that 90% of people who actively sought out and installed an ad blocker did not take the time to click twice more and disable the whitelist? I'd wager that most ABP users who have the whitelist enabled do so for ideological reasons, not laziness. Exactly. One of my past jobs was maintaining a mature codebase that had been under incremental development for over a decade. Most of the bug fixes I made involved anywhere from 2 hours to 2 days of investigation, usually followed by a one or two line change. Not to mention it's a terrible idea from a privacy and security perspective. It doesn't matter how good your encryption is or how reliable and low latency your network connection is if the service provider has shoddy VTech style security. The only way to keep your data safe is to not give copies of it to third parties. ("Two can keep a secret if one of them is dead" and all that.) > As soon as education gets difficult (and useful education always gets difficult) it’s social pressure, peer pressure and our own need to fit in and achieve that often keeps us going. What, no mention of the sunk costs to date? By the time a course gets difficult (second year, third year, wherever your course got hard), quitting will cost you a year of your time and a lot of money. I would expect major factors contributing to online course dropout rates to be: 1) Often there are no prerequisites enforced, so people get ambitious and find themselves out of their depth very quickly. 2) Once they get stuck, all they're losing by dropping out is a few afternoons' worth of reading a web page. Ever since I was a kid I've thought of "umm" and other such noises as disk drive thrashing noises. Loading something off an old 5.25" disk sounds a lot like the computer's saying "ummmmm um um um ummmmmm um here's your game!" That's kind of like saying that public key encryption is pointless because quantum computers (which we don't have, yet) would allow you to break it. As of the current state of the art, letting a cloud service operate on your data requires you to give them a readable copy of that data, and (this was my main point) SaaS companies have an incentive to make their terms and conditions as intrusive as possible. People who buy custom spec'd Mercedes don't want cars that base-model plebs can afford. The options aren't there to increase the feature set, they're there to make the buyers feel special. > CHAIN "ROBOTS" hits 'return' key Well put. Likewise, you can reframe the difference as 'women are paid less overall than men' or as 'men get less leisure time and less time with their families overall'. It would be interesting to see a campaign for shorter hours for men without changing pay. Solitaire works much better on computer than when played with cards, especially if you win the game and get the bouncy cards animation. What sorcery is this?! Really? I would have expected social proof to play a significant (maybe not huge, but measurable) part in valuations of companies, no different to valuations of most other things. I didn't drink until my early 20s, probably in part because when I was a kid my mum would mix white wine with orange juice as her preferred drink. If I found a glass of orange juice sitting in the kitchen, chances were it'd been 'poisoned' with wine. It wasn't until I tried bourbon and coke a lot later that I realised alcohol can taste good. Aww, I was hoping 'nanolight' referred to sub-microlight human-carrying aircraft... Turbo button, 386 style. :P It's not that bad, it's just the "how to write a ..." bit seems to imply that you're actually implementing one, not just loading a library to play one. Maybe "How to play a video in less than 1000 lines"? I dunno about legal action but I could sure imagine individual pharma companies (and other primarily IP-related industries with heavy R&D costs) deciding not to sell products there ever again. Think of it as 'code rot'. It's quick and dirty fixes that will have to be fixed later, taking longer overall than if you'd just done it right to start with (hence 'debt'). Fingerprints are a terrible form of authentication anyway. They're irrevocable, and you inherently leave copies of them everywhere just by touching things (unless you take special precautions). Same goes for DNA. Biometrics just aren't very good as shared secrets. There's been a lot of buzz recently about inductive motors which drive the wheels directly. Maybe this is one in the wild? And this is my primary problem with Formula 1. Any time anyone actually innovates, it's banned in short order. The whole thing is about dealing with the arbitrary restrictions imposed rather than about making the best possible vehicle. I'm more interested in the fact that they clearly consider the AI to be on par with Lee Sedol, and halfway through they started referring to AlphaGo as 'he' rather than 'it'. Everything I've read about the Deep Blue games described the computer playing in a very mechanical way, quite differently to what you'd expect from a human grandmaster. AlphaGo seems to play qualitatively very much like a human player. Lee just resigned. O.o So has AlphaGo raised its level so far just by continuing with the games against itself? Or did they just throw their entire server farm at it? (Or both, probably.) The Singolarity is here! It's a proof-of-concept. What they've proved is that the same kind of intelligence required to play Go can be implemented with computer hardware. Before now, software couldn't beat a ranked human player at Go no matter how much computing power we threw at it . Now we can. Give it ten years and, between algorithmic optimizations and advances in processing, you'll have an unbeatable Go app on your phone. > Forest for the trees. Heh, nice one. I don't think anyone's claiming that AlphaGo is an AGI in and of itself, just that it's a significant step towards one. There's still a lot to go before we can toss a standardized piece of hardware+code into an arbitrary situation and have it 'just figure it out'. Or being deliberately nonspecific. Three memory modules, going cheap if no questions asked. That's why Snow Crash still reads so well, it skirts the quantitative and focuses on the qualitative. I think this is because "simpler" is so subjective. Witness the Occam's Razor argument for theism - what's more likely, all of this crazy complicated quantum physics mumbo jumbo, or 'a wizard did it'? The latter only requires one assumption... until you start asking pesky questions about what, exactly, was the 'it' that the wizard did, and how was 'it' managed. Is it normal for players to leave the board without announcing a break (whatever the correct terminology is)? > distilling the inputs into their most important factors (and throwing away unimportant factors). Isn't that pretty much the definition of intuition? Combining a bunch of things in some unknown and nonlinear way to result in a 'feeling' about the situation? That was the first Culture novel I ever read, and still probably my favourite. Time to dig it out and read it again! There's a Starcraft AI League ( http://sscaitournament.com/ ) you might be interested in. There was one move that literally caused the 9th dan commentator to do a triple-take. It apparently turned out to be super effective. I find it interesting that people are using gendered pronouns for AlphaGo. Getting some definite Turing-test vibes here. Yeah, that explanation from the DeepMind team member today put a whole new spin on some of the 'odd' late game moves. It doesn't 'care' about about margins so it will shore up its odds of a win in preference to increasing the margin if it wins. I don't see how you can term them as "clear mistakes" when the game is playing at a higher level than any of us meatbags. In this case (according to DeepMind) it's no different to a racing driver backing off the pace in the last few laps if they have a big lead - it's better to guarantee a win than to win by a large margin. As I understand it, the value network takes the place of the heuristic for scoring a given board layout, and the policy network takes the place of the heuristic for ordering moves from most to least promising. When searching the game tree, at each ply the most promising N moves are examined (as determined by the policy network) and leaves of the game tree are scored by the value network. Charge $1000 per game and pay out $10,000 if the human wins. Could be a nice earner. ;) I like the way you think. :D Exactly. It's actually a pretty common behaviour for tree-searching game playing algorithms. Unless they're set up to explicitly give weight to faster wins or higher margin wins, they get into an unassailable position and then just kind of dick around. If every move's a win then it doesn't matter which move you make, right? It's not an upgrade. So they're not forcing ads onto home users, trying to turn Windows application development into a walled garden a la Apple App Store / Google Play, or using home users as beta testers before rolling out to enterprise customers? They're desperate to force customers into the SaaS business model because their old model of charging a one-time fee per OS install is no longer viable. Desktop computers have well and truly reached market penetration, the upgrade cycle has slowed significantly and since Windows 7, they haven't found anything new to offer that's compelling enough to entice customers to upgrade. Yeah, I've been noticing the pronouns thing. In chess challenges I always got the impression that the AI's play style was like a chain chomp. Limited, but ruthless within its limits, and definitely 'mechanical'. In these games the commentators are treating AlphaGo like a person. US only? Bah. The Dark Castle one took me right back to high school. Nostalgia++! So firstly, I don't think that's actually a documentary. Secondly, are you really saying "living in a police state is fine, you just have to make sure you never become more of a threat to someone in power than their peers in government"? I've always thought that the only reason the general public tolerates a lot of the laws in place is that said laws are rarely or never enforced. Think about speeding. Most people wouldn't accept having a government-monitored GPS in their car, and one common objection is "but then if I accidentally slip a couple of km/h over the limit I'll get instantly busted". Well yeah, and if you thought that universally enforcing the speed limit was fair then you'd be OK with this. It's not fair, and often the speed limit is far below what you could safely do in a modern car under good conditions. Breaking the speed limit often poses no threat to anyone. Just one example of an unjust, but relatively unenforced, law. The best thing about this whole setup is that it's unfalsifiable. Something bad happen? We need to work harder (read: accept more invasion of our privacy) to prevent such atrocities in future. Nothing bad happens? It's working, let's do it even more! I don't understand how "each robot has to be custom built for each building" and "takes two years to build". I mean, they don't need Atlas here. They just need a ruggedized remote control car with a camera and a ton of lead plate on it. If it's flooded, just use a commercial underwater ROV. The oil and gas industry has been using them for decades. You don't need a hundred-tonne robot to find a fuel rod, so they can at least get that part sorted. Once they know where they are, build something super rugged (I'm thinking basically a remote controlled shielded fork lift) to do the lifting. Are these robots operating fully autonomously? If so, why? Yes. That's the thing about acqui-hiring. As much as we like to pretend that with enough dollars you can buy the talent required to own a product-space, the fact is that in certain spaces, individual mortals can create billions of dollars of value. You just have to pick the right space and the right individual. Currently working my way through this and it's awesome. The simplified 'transistors'are more like relays but since I want to build a relay computer some day, that's perfect. :D This is reminding me more and more of the central theme of the book Echopraxia, which was that when dealing with superhuman intelligences, you are by definition not smart enough to even know whether you're winning. I think there's some mention at one point of humans who've augmented themselves to the point of being Mind-like, but by that stage they aren't really human any more. It'd be like climbing Everest on foot in the shadow of a cable car which runs to the top. Still a clallenge, but one that feels pointless. Or code that worked on the specific test case described in the paper but was flaky as hell on anything else. That's not really sleight of hand. Lots of things take more energy to produce than to run. It's like saying a 400W electric motor can put out as much power as a fairly fit human, but it's 'sleight of hand' because it took a whole factory to make the motor. There are a lot of cases where humans are actually really close to optimal (one example is racing lines taken by F1 drivers being within tenths of a percent of perfect, don't have the link any more though sorry). In this case there are diminishing returns at play, and an AI which is a lot "stronger" than a human might still produce very similar results. Remember that story a few days ago about a mysterious investor throwing millions of dollars around on the Turkish stock market? I'm not sayin' it's a wild AI, but... (Autoplay video warning) http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-10/mystery-du... That'd be one way to do it, just graft the circuit board from a digital camera onto the back of a film SLR. Why yes, sir, I've deleted all of my photos! I'd rather the default design have some actual damn information rather than a few vague feelgood phrases and some unrelated stock photos. Bonus points if they don't make me watch a 5 minute video full of exciting music and artsy slow-mo footage of "cloth sliding off a thing" or "people laughing in a park" and still give me no idea what their stupid product actually does. I know this is a gripe about the content rather than the presentation, but seriously, so many websites based on this kind of template are a total waste of my time and attention. > If your opponent [...] has a search space that is a strict superset of yours, it's "game over, man". Not necessarily. I think that's what we saw in game 4; that despite AlphaGo having a general advantage in terms of search space, it's still possible for the weaker of two strong-but-imperfect players to 'get lucky' and play a move that the stronger player didn't anticipate or account for. I had something similar just after I moved out of home for the first time. ICQ running, speakers still on from the music I'd been playing before, late at night. Someone logged on. Huge loud KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK sound. Just about gave myself a coronary! Is a stable 120Hz frame rate realistic on a PS4? Can it achieve that kind of rate just in normal 1080p output? Or will this relegate the Playstation VR to rendering 5-10 year old graphics? Bearing in mind that VR is a lot more sensitive to frame rate jitter than a traditional screen. Well, the margin of Arithmetica is certainly too narrow to contain it. Can any mathematicians confirm that it is truly marvellous? Or is there another proof out there? 'tl;dr' is often a troll response to a long post that that someone has obviously spent a lot of time on. Bonus troll-points if the long post was in response to another troll. Example: poster1: only retards use vi, notepad rules poster2: huge list of reasons why vi is better than notepad poster1: lol tldr It's counterintuitive, but making it harder to get mortgages will actually reduce housing prices in the long run, because it discourages real estate investment. In the same way, lowering interest rates appears to make it easier for first home buyers to get into the market but just results in investors snapping up more properties, driving up both mortgage amounts and rents. Individual organisms are incredibly reliable when you consider the range of functions they perform. Compare, say, a quadcopter drone (or any other small air vehicle) with a parrot. Lifespan without service or repair? Drone, weeks. Parrot, decades. Autonomy before recharging/refueling? Drone, 20 minutes. Parrot, hours to days. Cognitive faculties? Drone, slim to none. Parrot, long term autonomous in complex environments. Reproduction? We can't build things that do that at all yet, let alone pack one into a 1kg autonomous aircraft. Yes, we can build simple machines to replicate one function of a living creature, and those machines will be more reliable over short durations, but only because they are orders of magnitude simpler. You might as well call an LCD screen "unreliable" because it won't outlast a photograph. "Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it." - Donald Knuth I've always parsed this quote as "Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved that the code is correct, I haven't actually compiled and tested it." For any non-trivial code, no matter how much formal analysis you do, you don't trust it until it's been properly tested. Because if they keep raising money then their valuation keeps going up, and people will think they're a good investment and keep giving them money based on their rising valuation. There's a word for that kind of structure.