Only news article I could find on it: http://domainincite.com/go-daddy-gripe-site-shuts-down/ I saw this video back when it was first uploaded, very interesting video and well done I agree that your site does not make it clear to the user, as a web developer I know that sometime we are not the best at conveying what we do and just assume others will understand. By that same token I was willing to hand over my calendar access because also know that sometime you have to take a chance for a huge reward, the reward being an awesome service, I would love to try it out however every date on my calendar is gray and I have a lot of events on my calendar so I am a little confused at how to work it I can't tell you how much I wish there existed a site that allowed for programmers to work for non-profits easily. There are often times when I have downtime but I am too burnt out to work on my own projects and I just want a change of pace. I feel like most non-profits could greatly benefit from developers and designers helping them either with their web presence or to help with efficiency. Recently I helped a national Fraternity, not my own, with tracking and recording tweets using a certain hashtag over the span of 40 days. Their method prior to me was copy + pasting the tweets that they liked from twitter (Using twitter search) in a word document. Using open source tools like phirehose I was able to help them record and track 5K+ tweets and export the data into something they could use. Helping out with this was very rewarding and I had a ton of fun. I wish their were more opportunities like this. The problem was I had to contact them, they had no idea that there were people even out their that could do that let alone do it for free. I hope that in a few days I see a "Show HN: Weekend project- NonProfitCoding.com" (The domain is open, I just don't have the time to work on something like that right now) on the front page because I would defiantly join. I am having the EXACT same problem. My domains look like this on namecheap http://imgur.com/mtSsd and they said that GoDaddy was blocking them from getting the Whois info as well. I understand not wanting to jump to conclusions but I trust GoDaddy about as far as I can throw the elephants that their CEO shoots... Dubstep, I listen to techno/dubstep/trace music because usually there are little to no words/lyrics which tend to distract me. Also I make sure to listen to LARGE playlists so that I rarely hear a repeat in the span of a few days which keeps my mind from memorizing the beats/music so I don't get caught up in the music I just let it play. Check out Rusko and Skrillex those are the top 2 I listen to when programming I am Greek (FIJI at UK) and a web developer and there is a LOT of money to be made in the market. If you are interested in talking just email me Josh[at]JoshStrange[dot]com > Greeks have specific needs that Facebook and other sites do not meet. Online recruitment tools, online bill pay tools (LOTS of money here), Online chapter management tools (Email/SMS blasts, calendars, philanthropy hours tracking, event planning) > At UPenn, the average budget is ~$125,000 a semester, and that's money each house MUST spend. > > Perhaps, but what fraction of that do they spend on software, social networking or otherwise? A frat budget of $125K becomes less interesting if they spent $110K of that on Natty Light. Please don't fall prey to common stereotypes, not every dollar we collect goes to alcohol, in fact 0% of my chapters budget goes to alcohol. Also "Frat" has negative connotation, please refer to them as Fraternities. > CollegeACB had 900,000 hits its 2nd day, now its down. I never had and never will support CollegeACB/JuicyCampus type websites as all they are used for is spreading rumors and hate. Any idiot can throw up a copy-cat website in a few hours and slap ads on it to make a few bucks. There is plenty of money to be made marketing to Fraternities and Sororities as most of the companies operating in this sector are are doing a horrible job and are years behind tech-wise. I would be happy to work with anyone who wants to write web apps for Greek's. -Josh Strange University of Kentucky FIJI - Phi Gamma Delta Yes and there is also BillHighway which has signed almost ALL Sororities at the national level, OmegaFi, LegFi (Based in Lexington), and I'm sure there are a couple other that are less popular. They all suck, majorly, we use LegFi and simple things like "I want to get an email when anything is charged to me" is not available and they don't store my CC info so I have to re-enter it each time, SMS support is non-existant even thought I wrote a standalone implementation of how it could work and offered to add it to their system FOR FREE... I never heard back. I was hoping that at least I could make the product suck less for my chapter but that wasn't even an option. I would love to start my own Greek dues collection company but can't take the time to build it out only to have to fight for scraps (As in I would have to sell it to each chapter). Note that the golden goose is that you get paid Yearly/Semesterly so it's the gift that keeps on giving. (We are talking $40-$60 PER member PER year/semester). Hit me up if you are interested. I have seen 0 inovation in college for as long I can remember. The "inovations" they claim are: moving courses online, offering online "aids" (Blackboard sucks), and my bigest pet peeve, making students pay for access to online homework (With no offline alternative). All of these are just ways to pump more money into the schools and to increase the teacher -> student ratio. NONE of these actually help students, in fact I would argue that they make them lazier. I have yet to learn anything at college that has helped me with my job (Web and mobile programming) and the CS classes my college offers are woefully outdated, often by about 5-10 years. I am in school for a piece of paper, I would gladly pay 25% more for tuition if I could just buy my degree. College (In it's current state) is a waste of time. The only advantage college has given me is my Fraternity which has opened the doors to all sort of possibilities whereas my classes has done nothing. So to answer the question "Are college students learning?" The answer is 2-fold. * Are they learning anything in class? No, just enough to pass the exam. * Are they learning other life lessons? Yes, IF they get involved on campus in other ways (Greek life, student council, student activities board, etc) Going to college is no longer a ticket to a job, if you want to be successful I would suggest going to college and getting the grades but focus on meeting people, getting involved, expanding your network. It's not what you know it's who you know, it doesn't matter if you have the "next facebook" idea, if you don't know someone that can help you make it happen it wont. Old story but great message, I always send this to people that don't understand how important privacy on the internet really is Picture for clarification: http://o7.no/zjmjyf Looks like they forgot to add those in before hitting "Publish" I wish there was an option to switch to timezone names (EST, CST, etc) instead of just cities but still this is great as timezones anyways throw me off Started with my TI-84+ SE in middle school and never looked back I went ahead and setup http://ZiptasticAPI.com/ instead of using GET you just add the Zip code to the url ex: http://ZiptasticAPI.com/40504 all the code is on github https://github.com/joshstrange/Ziptastic I just wanted something a little cleaner and without using GET. This is really cool but I can't get the PNG node module to install on my server or on my laptop This looks awesome and with it (when it gets a few more languages for syntax highlighting) I will really have to reconsider buying an iPad + bluetooth keyboard for on-the-road/on-vacation times when I need to make minor edits online for work. Also I would order an iPad today if it also included an ssh terminal. That would seal it for me! Also maybe some way to connect through sftp and edit files directly on a server would be great I'll agree that the web development scene is somewhat "fragmented" but I would argue that Android's fragmentation is not only worse but harder to adjust for. When coding a website and dealing with different browsers/capabilities/screen sizes I can test all of the different combinations on my laptop. The times when I need to test a site on windows I either get someone else to run QA on it at work or I fire up a remote solution such as http://browserstack.com . The bottom line is I CAN test all the combinations. Now switch to Android. I'm sorry but emulators are NO EXCUSE for the real thing. I have had code fail in an emulator and then work fine on the device. The emulators are VERY slow and trying to run them on my Macbook Air (4GB RAM) is next to impossible. iOS's Simulator is 100x better. (Emulator != Simulator) I'm sorry but I would rather write websites all day and have to test on 4 Browsers Across 2 OS's then write one more app for Android. Couldn't agree with this more. Once a bunch of people start using your Android app you will get buried under support issues. The company I wrote some apps for will email me all the time saying X device on Y.Z version of Android doesn't work... Most of the time it's just a dead end. Unless I get one of those phones in my hands to test it or if it is spitting out an error code that I know how to fix then there is no easy way to debug the problem. It's frustrating as a developer because I WANT to provide the best experience in my mobile apps but that is a very hard to do as the Android platform seems to be in a constant state of flux with countless new devices hitting stores all the time. I disagree. Testing is STILL much easier for web development, the android emulators are no replacement for the real thing. Yeah, if you want to give me the top 7 Android phones then yes, development becomes easier (I'm sorry but still no where near as "easy" as it is in the world of web development). We normally will test Win/OSX and the latest FF+Chrome and then IE7/IE8/IE9/Soon-IE10. This in total means testing 6 different combos (No IE on OS X and only test FF/Chrome in one OS). I might throw the site in safari just to double check but since it runs on webkit I usually can trust that if it works in Chrome it will work in Safari. At the end of the day we have to much less checking in web development than we do in mobile because while browsers are different that are more alike than they are different. That cannot be said for Android/iOS, they differ down to their very core and most cross-platform attempts fall hopelessly short of a usable app. So you have to connect to a wifi network that is created by the TuneBridge? Isn't this highly inefficient? When a user does this they will not have internet on their phone/ipod any more, it will make the device un-usable. I got excited about this due to the cheeper price but lack of internet is a huge problem and it essentially "breaks" the device functionality. These devices were not meant to connect to wifi hotspots lacking internet conductivity. I have created wifi-hotspots with no internet conductivity in the past and it is hard to keep a device connected to it due to the device trying to find a real source of internet. No for 2 reasons, 1) As @lmm mentioned, you can get free t-shirts from just about anywhere and it's not worth having a huge ad on your back 2) Launchrock is one of the most annoying 'Coming Soon' pages out there. Why would I share your service/product on Twitter/FB/Email to my friends and family when I haven't even ever used it Step 1: Google "hacker news userscript open links in new tab" Step 2: Second Result "Hacker News | // ==UserScript== // @name news.yc open in new ta" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=128307 ) (Screenshot: http://o7.no/KClBIc ) Step 3: Copy that to a file called newtab.user.js Step 4: Open that file in Chrome/Firefox/Safari/Any Browser that supports userscripts and install Now on to your second gripe, would you rather have HN iframe in the link and add a banner bar at the top? No one liked it back when Digg tried it and no one will like it now, I'm sure if you wanted you could write a userscript (or add on the the other one) so that on link click it added an iframe under the link to the bottom of the page and shrunk the top to just visible enough to see the link title the up vote button and a close button that was added in to allow for removing the iframe. However that would still be susceptible to framekillers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Framekiller and we come back to the main reason, you want a way to be able to vote after you have "inspected" the content without having the remember to go click the link on HN. Yeah, that would be a nice feature, if there was an api and a way to authenticate users and their votes then someone could write a userscript/chrome app/FF plugin that and a HN up arrow in the top right/left of any page that existed in HN's library of links. That way even if you didn't get to the article via HN you can still up vote it on HN. Alas. Next time don't go complaining about things you can easily find answers to and problems that are impossible to solve at this time. Is something like that possible? Maybe, but by your own admission "I'm not a programmer" I don't think you will be able to accomplish it. From what you wrote I am guessing you want to make a dumbed-down interface for creating full featured iPhone/Android/BB (Why even bother with BB) apps such as appmakr.com. This endeavor will not be worth your time, apps like these are super low quality and suffer from the cookie-cutter-app syndrom (Yes I think I just made that up). No some should be polluting the eco-system with more of these, especially someone who doesn't even know how to program, no offense it's just this would be hard to begin with and it's an impossible problem to solve. You just can't create a product like this that puts out quality apps. If you really find the buttons to be too small then why don't you look in to writing (or finding) a userscript to make them bigger/different? I only suggest it because the likelihood that HN is going to change is very low. +1 for the Star Trek TNG reference If you want a glimpse into what it might look like check out AssistantExtensions (Jailbreak) http://ae.k3a.me/tutorial.htm And SiriSports which is built on top of it http://www.iphonehacks.com/2012/03/sirisports-nba-mlb-nhl-sc... No @jgeorge you are completely correct, I was just coming here to raise the same point. This is NOT password salting, it's appending a string to the start of each password based on the site. But it's not just any string, no, the author of this blog post wants you to put the NAME of the site the password is for. It will take someone a whole 5 seconds to guess that if for your FB password you used facebookFsdh52f then your google password might just be... wait for it.... googleFsdh52f. Now if you were "salting" (Still not sure that's what I would call it) your passwords for each site you used with a RANDOM string then yes it would provide extra security, however at that point why aren't you just randomly generating the whole thing. The author clearly doen't know what he is talking about and is using buzzwords to drive pageviews. He is an idiot. I tried to test this out but even on localhost it kept throwing: status: "That domain isn't registered..." And I don't really feel like paying $10 to TEST if the tool really works, let alone if I want to use it. Working demo please. "You can make up a new title if you want, but if you put gratuitous editorial spin on it, the editors may rewrite it." iPad Killer? If that does't qualify as "gratuitous editorial spin" I don't know what does. Even if Microsoft does come out with a tablet on monday it will not be an iPad killer at all. Apple has cornered the market on tablets and I know of a fact that it would be impossible for Microsoft to even get close to the iPad in terms of functionality let alone price. So once again: No Microsoft will not announce a "potential iPad killer". Ars Technica didn't call it an iPad killer for the exact reasons I mentioned above and because they would be the laughing stock of the tech news world if they did. I realize that the this is the article title, however, Geek Hours must be quite dense to use "iPhone 4s" to talk about multiple "iPhone 4"'s. It is very confusing. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2533105 XCode This would be cool if it was a news aggregator pulling from HN and various programmer/tech/hacker sub-reddit's. This is something I have wanted for a while. Sort of a Reddit front page for hackers that is a combination of handpicked sub-reddit's and HN stories. Well the site doesn't work as of the time you submitted it.... Fixed now Edit: Spoke too soon, the list of the API's all say "No methods" when you click on them I can't help but point out that "Code; More Code; Even More Code" counts as 3 lines in my book, not one. Anyone can delete whitespace & newlines.... Guess what? jQuery, when minified, is only "one" line but no one would every refer to jQuery as only being 1 line of code. All you have done is "Minified" someone else's code by hand... Not a very useful skill. Sequel Pro + SSH tunnels is how I connect to all of my mySQL servers and i can honestly say you will not find a better experience out there. Well I can't sign up as Webkit inspector's console is throwing "Attempted to Google SSO before it was initialized." when I try to signup/login via google Um, have you ever setup an iPhone for the first time? It walks you through absolutely every thing the device wants to do (Location, Siri, etc) and you can turn them all off and on. Please don't go making wildly incorrect claims. Check out LayerCake if you want to easily "cut up" a psd into it's individual images. With LayerCake you can even set it up to auto-export your images every time you save the psd. It seems your biggest problem was that you didn't have programmer on "your side" which is absolutely necessary. I outsource parts of projects or whole projects using oDesk and have little to no problems. Did you really expect the company you hired to care as much about your project as you did? To them you are just money. You said you built your site on top of wordpress, I see this happen most often with low-quality and cookie-cutter development companies. Hell, I used to work for one of those companies and let me tell you quality is not even on the list of things they cared about. However if you have coder they can review the code written so that they at least have an understanding of it and know how to extend it or which direction to push the outsourced worker in. I'm sorry but if you don't have someone IN your company who can code and you are going to have a bad time. This is correct only to a point. If all your site is only serving up fairly static content then yes, you should not need JS to view it and it should degrade nicely. However by not using JS to it full extent, the website developer would actually be hurting the consumer experience. If you disable JS I have no sympathy for you, I'll try to make the site work as well as I can but I will not spend much extra time re-coding things so they work for a tiny percentage of people. Developing for disabled JS is developing for IE6 as in I don't do it. It's a waste of time that could be spend giving the rest of your customers or users a better experience. It is because of all of this that I find your post unhelpful and useless. Would you rather us all go back to the dark ages? Some of us are actually trying to build something awesome instead of supporting people who have made their choice to have a bad web experience by disabling JS. Just bought this app and I love it! It doesn't give you everything available in GA but it provides me with EXACTLY what I want when I open the app: A quick look at my sites and recent stats on them. The design is beautiful and I would have easily paid $3+ for it. It's only $1 in the app store: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/analytiks/id427268553?mt=8... So kickstarter for steam without the funding? > Long live the iPad 3, The new iPad is dead! Uh, shouldn't that be: "The new iPad is dead. Long live the iPad3!"? If they were not attempting to riff off of: "The King is dead. Long live the King." then the sentence really makes no sense. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_King_is_dead._Long_live_the... . Looks like a very cool concept, any idea on when invite will actually be sent out? Also do you have any public docs or other content to look over? I like it however I am stuck on "Open last closed tab" for Sublime in chrome. Whenever I type it chrome opens the last closed tab.... Between "Unfortunately, the domain was harder to come by than a tequila shot at an AA meeting" and "This is the digital version of “smoking him out” (like you would a rabbit in a hole, not a pothead in a dorm room)." I couldn't stop laughing. I'm confused, hasn't this existed for a while now? I have had this installed on my machine since Jun 4th, 2012. How is this "News"? I got a similar vibe. Also I DID support sparrow. I told absolutely every person I know with a mac that they should use sparrow. Every computer I setup at work and for friends I installed sparrow by default. I have tweeted about loving sparrow. I'm really not sure what more I could have done other than wear a sandwich board around with their logo on it. That STILL didn't stop them from being bought out... You can, I am on my phone right now so i can't give specifc examples, but there are apps I paid for through the OS X App Store that are open-source. It was easier to get it through the app store and I got to support the developers. I prefer this model because anyone can contribute back to the collective whole and abandonware is less of a problem. Well I turned on two-factor authentication and then updated Sparrow (iOS and OS X) with the new password and everything was fine... Until the iOS version constantly kept telling me I had an incorrect password. I tried various troubleshooting tips online but to no avail. Until I can use this with everything I can't use it at all. Also the video was painfully long... I agree a package manager should be used. I stopped looking after those 2 issues and never even got a chance to dive into the, what looks to be bad, code. Agreed, the FIRST place they put their Safe Helpline number is about half way down the page in a block of text. That number should be in the header. It looks like they are trying to steer people to using the online system for chatting with their "Get Live Help Now" CTA bubble but it might be under the "page fold" for some resolutions. I will pay for it as soon as the epub/mobi version come out so I can read it on my kindle, I despise pdf's for reading books. Ok, maybe I am extremely daft but how do you turn off the voice reading out each word you type? I turned my device on vibrate/silent mode - no dice, then I tried turning the system volume down to nothing - no dice. What am I missing here? How about if you could double click on the slider to enter your own exact value. Also maybe throw in a checkbox for reduced redundancy? I just read through that entire EVE post and WOW was it long. It was a really good read, even if somewhat repetitive, and just wanted to say thanks for linking to it! For setting up a remote computer for SSH key login I use this little snippet that I think I found on HN not too long ago cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub | ssh USER@HOST "cat >> .ssh/authorized_keys" Of course the receiving server mush have a ".ssh" folder in the user folder and "authorized_keys" must exist "touch ~/.ssh/authorized_keys" but it is a super easy way to add your key to the remote server. Just thought I would share, I hope someone else finds it useful. I just forwarded this info out to my fraternity, good luck! Over Quota This application is temporarily over its serving quota. Please try again later. Whoa, this is news to me, I checked out sauce a month or so ago and came to the same conclusion as highwind. $12/mo is something that I would be more interested in. You should make that way more obvious. I haven't fully harnessed the power of TDD and it isn't used at my current job so I have no use for it. On the other hand the ability to test websites on different browsers is very important to my job and for $12/mo it's something I can afford to get for myself to use for work and personal projects. I think it is, I didn't even click on the link to gmail and my chrome crashed just a seconds ago. Looks like a sync issue maybe? I think you are blowing things a little out of proportion. As you mentioned in your blog post you say that ever other bank's app you have tested has had the same "shortcomings". That said I would venture a guess that none of your other banks are anywhere near on the same level as Simple. I have been a Simple customer for a couple months now I absolutely LOVE the service. I have dug into what happens behind the scenes on their website and yes, they do pass more data back and forth than is always needed but they are using SSL so I'm not too worried. You say you reached out to their security team and waited 8 days for a reply before following up, why didn't you just use Simple's support? I have reached out to them multiple times and always received a response within an hour. One of those times they redirected me to their engineering team so I could talk directly with one of their programmers, we exchanged 3-4 emails that same day. Should they have monitored this security email address you sent to better? Yes, but they provide the best support of any bank I have used in the past. Pretty much I don't feel like the "concerns" you raised are all that important and in fact the whole post smells of FUD IMHO. Sorry, I often write my comments in reply to the whatever was linked. I should have written it differently. Pretty unrelated to the article but does it annoy anyone else when you click a link on HN then can't hit the back button without being redirected back to the page you were linked to? I like the idea but I couldn't get it running on my localhost, I'm guessing it has to do with the fact yours was in a subdirectory and mine was at the root. I even tried fiddling with the .htaccess file removing the hardcoded reference to the subfolder. Anyways I am curious why you choose to write the whole base of the CMS from scratch instead of building on top of a framework like Laravel, Yii, CI, or one of the countless ones out there. One that could have given your CMS 90% of what you needed and allowed you to build your idea faster and more efficiently? I respect your mision to make it "as hard as possible" and understand where you are coming from. My opinion is that a framework lets you follow a ton of best practices by default and helps you from reinventing the wheel. That said I do like what you have done, I am going to give it another try when I get a chance. I'm surprised there was no mention of http://Laravel.com I think it really come down to what you will deploying on. For me (a PHP/MySQL dev) I work primarily with Unix boxes so switching to OS X made a lot of sense as my laptop shares a lot in common with the servers I deploy out onto. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jury_nullification > Jury nullification occurs when juries acquit criminal defendants who are technically guilty, but who do not deserve punishment. It occurs in a trial when a jury reaches a verdict contrary to the judge's instructions as to the law. I do not agree with kristenlee but I did want to bring up at a jury can let someone walk who is technically guilty. Edit: Sorry, didn't mean to post the same as 2 other people I read the article then came back to read the comments and I didn't see the other comments as I hadn't refreshed the page Am I missing something? The query, at one point, is "People who like Cycling and live in Seattle, Washington" yet the 2nd person "card" clearly states they live in San Francisco, California. Pic: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/2148004/Screenshots/~-mm.png This is exactly the point I was coming to make. I like the idea of Mincss, I have even considered making something like it before, but the problem is that if you are adding and removing dom elements with JS then I doubt this program would be able to correctly identify them all and would accidentally clear out CSS that your site needed. That said, I am sure that static sites/non-JS intensive sites might be able to use this. > Alternatively, it's not too uncommon for people to be homophobic either because they don't understand their sexuality, or because they understand it but want to hide it from other people. That is exactly what I thought after reading the articles on this, his response, and the Standford news article. > “I clicked on the video b/c I thought the warning was a joke,” wrote in the comments. I’m furious I had to see something like this.” Really? And somehow it is Vine's fault you saw porn while clicking on a video named "Dildoplay" with the tags "nsfw" "porn" "nsfwvine". I can't feel sorry for you. Yes it is too bad that this showed up in the first place but lets not start with the pitchforks. This was a simple mistake that was completely avoidable by users who have 2 eyes and can read. Like I said it shouldn't have been there in the first place but lots not act like you accidentally clicked on a video that has all the correct warning of it's content. "Officer, I didn't know that when I pulled the pin out of that grenade that it would explode, I thought it was a joke". Currently I am using Elastic Beanstalk because it means I don't have to worry about machines or scaling. Using the configuration ( http://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticbeanstalk/latest/dg/custom... ) files I am able to install any extra packages I need or run commands. After I am more confident that out EC2 config will not change I will create an AMI to launch new instances from so that I don't have to wait for the server to install the packages I need. I run 2 environments in my app (develop and production) my production branch is master and I work on a "develop" branch and push those changes to EB to test before merging and committing them in the master branch. There is this https://github.com/xdissent/ievms We use icon fonts on my current side project and it is wonderful to work with. We use font awesome ( http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/ ) which works well with (or without) twitter bootstrap. It had greatly improved our UI and sped up development. I personally have never used it but I saw Barkeep ( http://getbarkeep.org/ ) and have it bookmarked as what I want to use on my next project. Barkeep was also featured on HN a little bit back if memory serves. I just got the email the other day about PHP integration, thank you! These guys are awesome, when they released all the other libs (ruby, node, etc) I reached out to them about PHP but had an issue with the email address they provided. I tweeted at them and got a reply almost instantly with a different email to try and once I sent my message I got an email reply almost as fast as the tweet. They were super friendly and helpful and told me they were working on it. Thanks for everything, keep up the great work! While I haven't observed directly everything you bring up I think you make very good points. It's funny, when I started reading this I immediately thought "They are doing just fine and their rewards program is quite nice" Then I realized I was thinking of Qdoba. I have completely stopped visting Chipotle because even if the food is not as high quality at Qdoba (Something you suggest Chipotle is slipping on) their customer service is leaps and bounds better. I went out to eat with my Mom when she was in town last, we went to Qdoba and I swiped my rewards card. It turns out I had a free burrito and so it was used (Yes, I am aware you can turn on a "stockpiling" mode via the website that doesn't auto-spend your rewards points but I usually don't need or want it on). I tweeted about it jokingly, something along the lines of "Damn, it would be when my Mom was paying that I would get a free burrito" and I included a @qdoba in the message. Not 5 min later I got a reply back on twitter asking for me to DM my rewards card number to their main twitter account so they could credit me a free burrito. They did nothing wrong on their end and I got a free burrito, by all counts (even mine) there was nothing they needed to do to "make this right" it was already right. I'm not saying Chipotle wouldn't have done the same thing but it's just something Qdoba did do that won them my loyalty. I am using Laravel on multiple projects right now and LOVE it. Similar post that was on the front page recently: "No, I'm not going to download your bullshit app" http://tommorris.org/posts/8070 ( https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5162841 ) I agree, while the app might provide a better experience for Browsing the site in question is does not provide the information that I am currently seeking. Forums often do the "Download our mobile app" (I assume that they are all running on something, PHPBB?, that makes it dead-simple to make an app or point one master app at their particular forum). Also to your point about not having a mobile->desktop redirect - I hate this. My roommate and I are looking to buy a house and he spends most of his time looking for houses on his phone (in class) so the links he posts on the Trello, that we are using to keep track of the houses, are all mobile. They often don't have as many pictures of the house as the full site does and the controls are often awkward to use. Worse yet, simply removing the "m" from "m.sitename.com" doesn't link to the desktop version and I often have to copy the address, go to the main site, and search for the house to find it. I agree, I don't have a problem with affiliate ads but if the article in question is a gushingly positive review without any negatives mentioned and they are using an affiliate link then I tend to question the motivation behind writing it. I also will then look for a review that doesn't contain an affiliate id or one that covers the pros and cons giving a full review instead of an advertisement disguised as a review. Trek is making a huge mistake IMHO. As a developer I can think of nothing more helpful than to get a "steam-of-consciousness" excerpt from our users. This is something no analytics package can tell you, if you want to make your "product" easy to use then this is the exact feedback you need. Delverworld was outlining the various pitfalls of getting started with ember.js and a core contributor shrugs it off because he didn't like the guys attitude? No one likes having their shortcomings pointed out but it would have made much more sense for Trek to admit that getting started could be made easier and that the Ember.js team would look into ways to make it easier. Ignoring the issue like he is "above it" is pretty fucking pretentious if you ask me. @Trek I do understand what you are saying and I don't want for a minute to imply that you are required to help, I understand that you are a volunteer. That said my point is that while you might not have liked the way he phrased his post, writing him off because of it is not what I would have done. I will be the first to admit that I can be a VERY sarcastic person if I put my mind to it and so maybe my opinion is biased to agree with the style and even enjoy reading things written in this style. Reading Delvarworld's post brought back many memories on trying new software/code (not ember specifically) and the irritation felt when something has such a high learning curve. However, I believe that it makes more sense to simply agree that the documentation could be better and possibly even invite Delvarworld to jump on IRC or discuss on the forums ways he thought the docs could be improved instead of ignoring him. In my mind I saw it as someone explaining the steps they took to try something and outlining the various ways they failed in that endeavor and then you, a core contributor, coming down to essentially tell him to fuck off, it wasn't worth your time. I know that's not what you wrote and I don't think that's how you felt but it is what I got out of it. I think bphogan makes a great point with "I'm sure you didn't just dismiss it internally, so why did you dismiss it externally?". I don't know you, I have actually never heard of you , this was the first thing (to my knowledge) that I have ever read of yours and what I took away from it was that you simply didn't care. Like I said I don't think you don't care, it's just how it came across, at least to me. Same here, I used to be much more of a "hot-head" when it came to things like this (I'm still not perfect, far from it) but I try not to take things as personally, at the end of the day if it makes my product better then I should shut up and be happy. Peter, I get this, I get this 100x over. When I put my time/effort into something I try to do my very best. A user telling me it's wrong/broken/sucks makes me feel like my best isn't good enough. My point was that publicly a response like this hurts far more than the satisfaction you get from posting it. Trust me, I have been burned by this before and I had to learn from it. I have never used Ember.js but I plan to, I think it looks cool and have seen a few projects that use it to do really cool things. A response like this makes the community look un-inviting, the whole "Figure it out yourself"/"It's not worth my time to help you" attitude is not productive. I may realize that one developer does not speak for the entire project but not everyone will and there will be people turned off by such a response. I would hate to see Ember.js suffer because one developer found it against his "rules" to respond AND took the time to make sure everyone knew how he felt. With all due respect I don't think that this is what happened here. That's fine if he felt no need to help, to problem is when you go out of your way to let someone, someone who is trying to learn, that you think they aren't worth your time due to the tone of their post. I understand where the OP is coming from, the frustration at trying to learn something and constantly hitting roadblocks. Was he a little sarcastic? Yes, however I would be too if I couldn't find any help. This situation was escalated by the fact that his cry for help was met with a core contributor taking the time to tell him he wasn't going to help. I would compare that to going up to a homeless man and telling him you weren't going to give him any money. There just wasn't a good reason to post something like that. That may very well be true but it doesn't change the fact that his response was very negative (much more so than the OP's) and for no good reason. The OP did not say "Trek sucks, his attempt at documentation is laughable" in fact I would venture a guess that the OP had no idea who Trek was prior to his posting. This was not an attack against Trek or the work he has done but rather a frustrated programmer explaining his predicament and asking for help and Trek told him he wasn't worth his time. If that's not pouring gas on the fire I don't know what is. If I were the OP I would completely abandoned trying to learn Ember.js after a comment like that, talk about kicking a man when he is already down. Could not agree more, there was a post on HN about this recently[1] and I also found this[2] one when searching for the first. [1] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5267330 [2] https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4034972 But that is the problem, "I find it very easy to avoid saying sexually inappropriate things to women I don't know." They weren't talking to her or even about her. They had their own conversation and she overheard it and instead of being an adult and turning around to say something she tweeted it and caused someone to lose their job. I too can keep from saying sexually inappropriate things to women however that is not what happened in this case. That interface makes my eyes bleed, is that what is considered "cutting edge" in the stock trading industry? I get that, I would have just thought even with a product optimized for the traits you mention would be a little more advance. That said I realize I am making a snap judgement here from a single screenshot of the software which is probably not entirely fair of me. I was simply under the impression that the tools traders used were a little more advanced looking I guess. > Essentially you're jumping the gun in saying that Twitter is two-faced ("They say they're open but they're really not") all based upon no data or concrete evidence. Yes because I can't think of any other examples where Twitter has screwed developers.... Oh wait.... Yes, there might be a TOS issue here (and maybe even a valid one) but their track record makes it pretty clear that they just don't give a shit about developers. Thank you for this, I really enjoy learning about the inner working of other industries. Thank you for correcting my ignorance. "I would certainly not trust my life savings to some mysterious computer algorithm created by shadowy anonymous characters in a system that attracts underworld types." Yes, because the central banks' hands are clean and they would never screw over customers for their own gain.... Oh wait.... I'm not saying Bitcoins are some magical currency that herald a new age of money but rather this article ignores many of the positives of Bitcoin while using week arguments to attack it. I'm still seeing it 9:50 EST There is a limit to what you can skin in Adium and some of those things you just can't change so even if you make the messages view look beautiful the tabs for each conversation are un-theme-able. Segment.io is awesome and I highly recommend them. As for the actual analytics use GA + somethings else. Check out HeapAnalytics they have a pretty awesome tool. Came here to say the same thing, I had to re-read that like 5 times before I realized "Yes, Yes, she did just admit to breaking Twitters TOS...." I'm in the same boat, maybe I am just not familiar enough with this kind of software but I can't tell, do you have to have the SSID/Key to connect or does this piggy-back on it somehow? And the text in the article keeps say 317K births even though the graphic shows 371K I think he over-generalizes with the statement "we were all given medals for trying", I didn't grow up in that kind of environment but I have seen exactly what he is talking about. When I was about 16-18 I started to notice it, the removing of the possibility of failure which manifested itself as "everyone gets an award", "Removal of star roles in plays, transitioning to everyone having a small part so no one felt left out", "Everyone is a winner, there are no losers", etc. I have 2 big issues with this kind of thinking: 1) That's not how the real world works so you end up setting these kids up for failure 2) If you never fall down you never learn how to pick yourself back up I completely agree with your statement about the texting. He hung out with this guy outside of professional channels multiple times (Pizza/Walks/etc) so why would he expect this guy to suddenly change his method of communication when it comes to job. Not to mention by his own admission it wasn't an awesome job, he was offering it a favor/because he liked the guy. My dad is real estate agent and the majority of his younger clients ( TL;DR: These VM's suck and you are better off pirating the OS and making your own VM's. Mint is awesome and I really like my bank Simple ( https://Simple.com ). It makes it easy to set goals and monitor your money. If anyone wants an invite you can email me I have 9 at the time of writing this. And you can edit the email address without being logged in Some of Valve's games will download the engine/binaries first then the levels after in order so you can start to play the game while it is still downloading. I have personally experienced this. Also: http://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?t=14004... >>Apparently some of Valve's singleplayer games let you do so. > Yeah, some do such as Half-Life 1 where it'll prioritize downloading of the binaries first, then the levels. > Granted it makes for long load times if you hit a level transition for a map that's still downloading. > Granted, the list that support that 'feature' are slim. We complain all the time that the major news networks don't cover what is really important or that they cover them and move on like it never happened. I think it is a good think that it is kept present in our minds so we don't forget it or write it off as "There is nothing we can do about it". Seeing the entire front page of HN covered in stories on it might be slightly annoying but it is much better than the alternative (no coverage) IMHO. I am 22 but in fact I don't have enough time on my hands which is the exact reason I am trying Soylent. Trying to work my day job and my side project leave me very little time and Soylent is offering a cheap, fast, easy method to consume the needed nutrients everyday. I'm not sure what you have against it. I'm not trying to be jerk but, why? I agree completely, there have been many articles written on how Americans break laws all the time without knowing it (No, I'm not saying that buying/selling/doing drugs falls into this umbrella) and the government cannot possibly prosecute everyone from every crime. This allows the government to pick and choose who they prosecute. Lets imagine the following scenario which is very similar to the one above. 1. Person P smokes marijuana by themselves, doesn't sell, doesn't buy large amounts, "Personal Use" 2. 3-letter-agency ABC is pretty sure person P smokes through some text/call/email/web browsing/etc but has bigger fish to fry 3. Person P is an outspoken critic of government G (or just a supporter of something government G is not a fan of) 4. Government G runs a search on person P through their database and find that ABC is 85% sure this person smokes marijuana 5. Government G tips off local police that they might just want to stop person P's car on X date 6. Person P is now either imprisoned which will greatly hamper their efforts or scared into shutting up and keeping their head down Now let smoking marijuana be swapped out for some other crime, something that "everybody does", like downloading a song/movie/app, or maybe it's even more minor but they decide to "Make an example of you". The example zeteo gave is very good but most people can write it off with "Well he WAS committing a crime" but if the end goal of the first stop (the "Foot in the door") was actually to censor the person then I think people would see more of an issue. It's not, that is why the ATV2 goes for as high as it does on eBay/Craigslist/etc (It can be jailbroken). AFAIK there is not anyone actively working on a jailbreak for ATV3, anyone saying otherwise is probably lying to you. This might be why... https://lavabit.com/ You can't put in a chrome error report (The page will crash) I would assume the same will happen if you try to enter it in an Apple crash report. Who in their right mind would do something like this? Even the most technologically illiterate person I know understands how their Apple ID/Google Account works and that their purchases are tied to it. As for forgetting one's password, this is why just about every login form on the internet has a "Forgot Password" link/button. This is NOT the norm. "This is not a money-changing-hands kind of deal," - John Lagerling, director of Android global partnerships - http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-23926938 Have you ever tried TestFlight for iOS testing/dev? I'm not saying the Apple process is perfect (I agree it sucks) but TestFlight makes getting test builds out much easier. > the wonderful people in the Wilson School IT department, who have saved my life multiple times, aren’t set up to deal with Apple products. I would argue that not only do you have full access to the Apple Store geniuses but if you happen to not have a Apple Store near you there will be Apple certified repair people you can use. Also I would guess that you would not have to get your mac repaired anywhere near as often as you do your windows machine. They give you $50 worth of credit when you sign up. Have you tested this on an ipad 2/iPad mini (As display)? I am not posting this to say it doesn't work but It is very choppy/almost-unusable even on the lowest quality. I can run quality and size at 2/3 from iPhone -> computer but it's still a little jittery. That said I am using an iPhone 4S so that might have something to do with it. As a whole the idea is awesome, the app is beautiful, and setup is a breeze! Great job! I can understand the usefulness of things like Krumo[1] for PHP but I am struggling to understand the use-case for this. With a language like PHP you don't have direct manipulation abilities (without debugging using an extension) so it makes sense that you need to format the data before you send it to the client but with JS you have the ability to inspect the JS directly. Also I think JSON (with spaces/indentions/linebreaks) is extremely readable (Especially with things like PrettyPrint[2] installed). Where do you see this being used? [1] http://krumo.sourceforge.net/ [2] https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/prettyprint/nipdlg... I've been playing around with Docker and containers a little recently and I decided to test my skills in creating a container, installing software, and packaging it up for re-use and possibly even try to do it all in a Dockerfile after I do it through just "docker run -i -t ubuntu /bin/bash/". I followed your guide but I am not able to see the Redis records. I was able to find pixel.log in /var/log/nginx and inside was what I would expect to see in Redis: 1379192937.393,test=2 1379193104.365,test=5 1379193105.308,test=7 1379193106.311,test=28 ..... At this point I went to check the syslog-ng program as I realized I never verified it was running/working. I am getting a "Error parsing source, source plugin system not found in /usr/local/etc/syslog-ng.conf at line 2, column 3:" error and after some googling I found some people suggesting[0] adding '@include "scl.conf"' to the syslog-ng config file. I tried added this and it caused another syntax error. I googled for a while longer to no avail. I know HN isn't really the forum for tech support but I couldn't find a better place to post it other than over email (My email is in my profile if you prefer that). If you have any pointers please let me know. Thank you for any help you may be able to provide. [0] http://comments.gmane.org/gmane.comp.syslog-ng/15325 Yes, I patched it. I think the issue is with syslog-ng as it is complaining about the configuration file. Nginx is working fine (and patched). This is the most important comment, the title is slightly misleading > "As a note, we’ll of course continue to measure traffic from IE8 browsers to your website." I read the URL and after hitting #20 I was like "Where are the other 5?". It took me a while to notice the title of the post said "20" so I assume they created a page with 25 then removed 5 and forgot to update the URL. Tell me about it, even in 10 I find the dev tools extremely lacking and slow. Agreed, I really like AngularJS and Firebase and I am using them together for a client but AngularFire isn't perfect and you're correct, the documentation could be much better. > AngularFire is not really mature yet, too. I am running into this issue as well, I kind of wish I had written my own firebase service instead of using theirs because (Especially in the 0.2 release) I was seeing the app re-draw a ton of times due to the way that angularFire was loading the data. That and a bunch of little inconsistencies, like when creating an angularFireCollection you can optionally pass in a callback as the second parameter that returns your data, great if you want to assign it all at once instead of each "child_added" being fired but the object it returns is the same as is returned from a ref.once() call (As can be seen in the code for angularFireCollection) and for that not only do you need to call .val() on what is passed in to get the value but it is not an angularFireCollection, it is just Firebase data and so it rather useless as the binding does not work and you can't call the angularFireCollection methods on the returned data (like .add()). Please don't get me wrong, AngularJS is awesome and Firebase is really cool but there is learning curve and as you said angularFire isn't really mature yet. That said I am very impressed with the work being done on angularFire (and speed) so hopefully it will shape up nicely. Couldn't agree more, I have run into the same things it appears you have and come to similar conclusions. That was what was hardest for me when getting started, there are a billion examples of how to write a chat app, a todo list, etc but none of the examples I came across had, as you call it the "meat of how to build and Angular app with Firebase". I felt like most of what I was seeing was gimmicky and had no real use (on it's own). Yes, I too ran into this problem and found the answer in the github issue tracker[0]. I ran into other issues in the 0.2.0->0.3.0 change where they made quite a few small changes without releasing any upgrade instructions or changelog. [0] https://github.com/firebase/angularFire/issues/105 This is nitpicky for sure but angularFire doesn't play nice with AngularJS 1.2's breaking out some modules (Route, Sanitize, Cookies, and 1-2 more) into separate JS files. I had to comment out all the $route stuff in angularFire so that I could get them to work together. Thankfully I am not using fireBase with my $route's so I am unaffected. Also, I'm sure some of you might point out 1.2 is still in an RC state but I needed ngAnimate and didn't want to have to re-write a bunch of code a few weeks from now when it releases it's final version. IIRC I think I saw someone else saying that each fingerprint hash was hashed with a key specific to each phone so that if you were able to extract the fingerprint hash it would be unusable on the target's other devices. I cannot find the source for this so please take this with a large grain of salt. First off I want to say I agree with most of the people here that Touch ID was not meant to be in breakable but rather an easy to use system that vastly improved users security over 4 digit PINs or no PIN. That said, hypothetically, let's say I get arrested and the police take my phone. My phone has my fingerprints all over it. What is to stop them, legally, from using my prints on the phone to unlock my device? I say this not to spark an argument but as a real question, I bought an iPhone 5S and I really am interested to know if any law would protect my phone if it was taken in such a situation? Did you read the rest of the post? He goes on to say you can do that. In fact the entire message of the post is that entering into the container and running commands and then committing at end is more efficient (In the terms of numbers of layers and disk space, at the cost of what else I don't know yet) than using a Dockerfile and 'docker build'. From Rawgithub.com's website > Use this for testing and for sharing demo code with friends, but don't use it for anything production-related. It's slow, it might break from time to time, and it's intended as a convenience for development, not free static hosting. Rawgithub is nice to test something out on but probably not going to hold out against HN traffic. I did get it working with a different link you posted and it looks very cool. Nowadays yes, but most POS systems I have seen almost look like they have inserts in them and are a covered in buttons every color of the rainbow. The trend is defiantly to move to touch but its not free and that industry moves very slow. Well the security concerns are VERY valid, in theory after getting your permission to access the clipboard I could poll it every X milliseconds and fire off whatever I get to a third-party service. If you look at Flash's implementation for getting data from the clipboard[0] you can see they mention all sorts of limitations like "Because of security restrictions on accessing clipboard data, this example does not work in Flash Player. In Flash Player, you can only call the getData() method of the Clipboard object in a paste event handler.". I can see there being support possibly for setting the clipboard via JS but I'm struggling to find a good reason to want to get the clipboard data? Why not have the user just paste it in a textbox and listen for on change or something like that? [0] http://help.adobe.com/en_US/FlashPlatform/reference/actionsc... Correct me if I'm wrong but I was under the impression Twitter only supported oauth nowadays with password auth being phased out a few years ago. This is a neat idea but the fee (3%) is disappointing (but expected). It reminds me a little bit of how Simple is doing "savings". If you haven't heard of Simple[0] it's a new-ish bank (build on Bancorp) that has awesome customer service and some really useful tools to help you save. If anyone wants an invite send me an email (In my bio) with your email address so I can send you one. [0] https://simple.com While no doubt an interesting article what is the purpose of submitting it? I thought that as well when I first read what they posted. Of course even with the NSA revelations I would have expected them to delete the data right away so maybe I am just reading too much into it. I'm confused, 3 comments above this you say he is proving their point because the majority of people can't break the DRM but instead get a version that has already had the DRM removed. "Their point" to reiterate was "Realistically, DRM keeps the majority of users from pirating content". Yet then right here you say "I don't believe that anyone thinks DRM effectively protects content, even the companies employing it." Which is the exact opposite of the point they are making.... I thought the wiki article was a good read and (as almost always when I read wikipedia) I learned some things I didn't know before. I was just confused at to to it's presence on the home page. Thank you for clearing that up. I was not aware of this, thank you for informing me. Do you know if this is like Facebook+Spotify (and only a couple other FB apps that can use password) or is it much wider-spread in the Twitter ecosystem? Yes, it is wrong as many commenters on the site also point out. He could have multiple backups of his wallet file and spending the bitcoins out of one of his backups would invalidate the coins in the wallet the FBI has. My knowledge of bitcoin, while probably better than your average guy on the street, is certainly not infallible. Thank you for correcting my mistake. Lets also not forget the people that rent. As a renter I cannot make changes to the house without approval from the landlord. I can, however, replace the smoke detector and leave the one that came with the house in a drawer until I move out. The statement "A smoke alarm in or near the kitchen is incorrectly placed if it is producing frequent false alarms" may very well be true but it doesn't matter. People have and will continue to disable their smoke/CO detectors if they are annoying. The ability to simply wave at the detector to get it to shut off (Like after burning your toast) means that people will simply wave to shut off the alarm instead of disabling it. Even with what I know about fire death statistics, best practices, and what not I have disabled fire detectors before for any/all of the following reasons: * Low battery alarm * Going off at just a whiff of smoke * Randomly making noises even after replacing the battery Now you can say that it was incredibly stupid of me to disable them, and it probably was, but that doesn't change the fact that people's first instinct is just to disable it. Not true, you can call the fire department. I think this comment should be much higher. I agree, this isn't just a fancy smoke/CO detector just like the Nest isn't just a thermostat with an iPhone app. It's a thermostat that will save you money by automatically adjusting to heat/cool your house as needed. This is not just a smoke/CO detector but rather a way to network all your detectors together, have them tell you (Actually talk to you) where the fire is, easy dismiss ability, night light, remote monitoring, and more. I would agree with that statement. I just run multiple accounts (One for tech, one just for laughs, etc). I did this before the changes where you can have multiple front pages or streams (I'll admit I haven't played with them much) but I still like my approach as I like the separation. I have no problem paying for quality software and I have paid for many apps from the OS X App Store but I find it highly misleading when your launch page uses the word "Download" when it really means "Buy". I've seen this tactic used on quite a few OS X/iOS apps posted it HN. No mention of price anywhere on the page and all wording is careful to say "download", "go get", "click here for X app". I don't appreciate being, at the least, kept in the dark and, at the worst, being subject to a dark pattern designed to hook me on the idea of something before showing me the price. Before I look hard into any *aaS, app, etc I look at the pricing so I don't fall in love with something that is unreasonably priced, out of my price range, or just not in line with what my needs are. I don't like having to click through to the iTunes page to see the price because your page was specifically designed to hide it from me. Does anyone else share this sentiment? That's exactly what I was thinking when I saw it. I know I have seen it in swf/gif form in the past. While I don't dispute HTML5's canvas(+js) is very cool I was hoping for something straining the limits or doing something new. I was going to say something along the lines of "...rather than seeing an old idea/concept rehashed in canvas+js" but then I realized that could include people doing things like getting old games (Quake/Doom) running in the browser with canvas+js. The counterpoint would be that this idea could be implemented in gif form (While it would lose the ability to toggle your direction/speed) whereas I don't think anyone would enjoy gifQuake/gifDoom :). TL;DR - It would appear I'm jaded when it comes to things like this. And that's probably not a good thing. Thank you very much for taking the time to respond and for updating your launch page. Even though I normally use Transmit for connecting to S3 I just bought your app. I will probably continue to use Transmit (I haven't fully played with Buckets yet) but I am a strong believer in putting your money where your mouth is and I want to show my support for your decision to update your launch page. This post reminds me of this one: http://www.90percentofeverything.com/2013/07/23/the-slippery... Where they talk about how hard it is to disable iOS ad tracking. Second level (Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising) but I agree it is better than where it was before. Please note that I was neither advocating for or against this post or the one I linked. I just wanted to add a similar link to the discussion. Thank you though for letting me know the location has changed, I was not aware. Oh I agree, I think that it's all a mess and that iOS has one of the better (if not best, I am not familiar enough with the other platforms to comment about their ad tracking settings) interfaces to manage your ad-related privacy. As I mentioned in my reply to the other comment I was neither advocating for or against this post or the one I linked. It was just the first thing that came to mind when I saw this post. What about the quote from the article: > I'll tell you more guys. I've updated to windows 8.1 on my tablet a month ago through MSND subscription and Google search worked just fine. Looks like this problem appeared after public availability of Windows 8.1. So I believe it's something that Google or Microsoft should figure out. How could they have tested as they were not on the list until, what appears to be, the public release? I just recently had to replace my external hard drive I use for TM backups and whenever it would start to backup it would bring the computer to a grinding halt (2013? MBPr, it's from work). I ended up disconnecting it and taking it home on the weekend to do the initial backup. This is a really cool hack but I would never hand over my email creds to someone like LinkedIn after their history with emails. They might decide one day to "help" you by inviting everyone you have emailed or has emailed you or they could start added a "Connect With Josh" link to the bottom of my outgoing emails that links to my LinkedIn. Again, VERY cool how they did it but it requires quite a bit trust in a company that I don't find very trustworthy. You say that now but wouldn't you much rather pay a fraction of the cost of a car to own "part" of a car in a car-sharing program similar to NetJets? > You never know who is at the other end. In my case, I just felt it was inappropriate. But I could have been an insecure teenager and this comment could have hurt a lot. What is inappropriate about Jason's comment? I understand where you are coming from but when you get on the road you put your fate in not only your own hands but the hands of the drivers around you as well. You have to remember that while you might be an amazing driver with a perfect record there are plenty of other drivers out there that aren't and when it comes down to it they are a bigger threat to you than you are to yourself (provided you are not under the influences or otherwise incapacitated). It looks like he submitted the link to HN so I would assume that is the case. Could you please explain your comment a little more? I'm honestly curious to know why you think the concept of abstracting technology into easy to use components is in conflict with the "hacker news" ethos. I'm in the same boat, I've considered looking for a Chrome extension to kill all scripts that do this. I've used text selection to mark my place for longer than I can remember and all the popups are starting to get extremely annoying. I fear that I am in the minority when it comes to this though... My google-fu (or maybe just my patience) doesn't seem to be good enough to find it but does anyone know where one might find a list of all incidents of this type? As in all airport shootings? This is very interesting to me, I live in KY and we have our own exchange. Do to not having all my data (my fault not theirs) on hand the process of submitting an application has spanned a few days and their interface is really bad. I'd like to play with raw data and throw something together to allow for quick and easy searching. Who did you contact in CA for the data? I'd like to find the KY equivalent and reach out. Thanks and great job on the site! Thank you for this, too often people change their minds (or have their statements disproved) and don't say anything. Thank you for taking the time to "set the record straight" as it were. I also received an email about this: https://www.dropbox.com/s/40aqdk5hjdm0i4y/Screenshot%202013-... While I'm not a huge fan of people spamming email address they grabbed from Github (Yes I know I can hide my email) I have been contacted because of my GitHub account (because of activity/repos/etc) in the past and had no problem with it. I just don't like mindless spamming which this appears to be. That said where do you draw the line (and do you think this email crosses said line)? (I'm genuinely curious) This reminds me of a comment I made a week or two ago: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6540827 I made a similar comment about hiding the price on your launch page and got a response from the creator who was very helpful. It doesn't actually unlock your machine. If you lock your computer it will not work. What it does is put up a page that looks nearly identical to the login page with small changes. It's a cool app (I tried it) but I'm disappointed that I can't find a way to toggle the lock via Alfred/Keyboard shortcut. I can get in the habit of hitting a key combination/alfred command when I get up but having to click the icon in the menu bar will get annoying. It does but most of the implementations I have tried (Including multiple PAID ones in the app store) don't work well at all. I would settle for locking when I walk away then tap to unlock when I get back. Agreed, I went back and re-read it because at the end I still had the question of "Why is LiveNinja better than Helpouts" or "What is Helpouts doing wrong". I'm not weighing in on either side I just would like to know what he doesn't like about Helpouts. I'm not sure I understand what you are saying or maybe you didn't understand me. I am saying the it doesn't use the built-in locking mechanism but instead it's own "screen lock" that looks similar. I completely agree, I'm actually really annoyed because I paid $4 for something that I wouldn't have paid $0.99 for if I knew this is what they were doing. Now $4 isn't going to break the bank but still I thinks it's misleading not to point that out. Please provide some proof. My tests using the built in lock hotkeys and trying to unlock with my phone say otherwise.... Thank you for this! See this comment: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6676816 I just tried this and yes I see the Knock login screen. There is a possibility that I am wrong but I have seen apps that do this sort of thing before and they can't lock using the system lock because there is no way for an app to unlock the system lock. I would guess that Knock just hooks that hotkey combo and shows their screen (Which again, is just a fullscreen app at it's core). I have never locked using that hotkey combo before so I'm not sure. I always use Alfred to lock. I'm not 100% sure but all signs point to this being the case. I have used multiple Bluetooth unlock proximity apps in the past and they all do the same thing. They throw up their own lockscreens in place of the real one. I am fairly certain that, as mentioned in this same comment "family", that this lockscreen is less secure than the system lockscreen. There was speculation that this might not engage all the security mechanisms like disk encryption. If I were one of the developers of this app I would be first in line to tell my visitors/customers that my product didn't compromise at all on security. Unfortunately, I don't recall any such claim on their site (if I'm wrong please let me know, I'm on my phone). Ok but to agree with that argument is to agree that the NSA and organizations like it are necessary. I'm still waiting for the proof that they are. Everything I see points to them compromising countless people's privacy and having nothing to show for it. I understand the line "By the nature of what they do, their successes are never clear." but I would think that will all of the bad "publicity" the NSA is receiving they would at least pull one example out where they prevented an attack. They have only release vague numbers on the number of incidents prevented and when put under a microscope they weren't a very big part of the plots they claimed to have foiled. I understand the "international disadvantage" but I don't think we can allow everything the NSA does with "Everyone else is doing it" defence. I can confirm this link is working for those in the US. The link acallaghan posted is working from outside the UK -> http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-24848186 I'm using rc3 in production right now so I'm looking forward to testing this out upgrading. Hmm, that is interesting. I still would like an addressing some of the other very valid concerns here that certain safeguards might not be engaged but if this is true then this is really cool. From elsewhere in this thread there are people saying it doesn't work with certain full-disk encryption setups but that's to be expected I guess. I have it installed, if not always running, and it is a cool app and from what they have said they have planned I will be following it. Thanks for the update! Are there any API's out there currently that allow you to issue a debit card refund like this? After some googling I found this: http://www.fuzenetwork.com/contact-us/ linked to from here https://github.com/balanced/balanced-api/issues/32 I tried to use their contact form but was redirected to what looks like a version of their site that isn't supposed (or expected) to be public yet. From there I find a link to this page: http://info.fuzenetwork.com/developer-center-fuze-network and I was able to submit the form. Edit: I received an email after signing up but it seemed a little half-baked. I would guess that they are still working on their product and aren't ready to launch just yet. Actually he does ---- Both of these second opinions gave the option of blood splatter from another person. Assuming that this is spray from another victim, then there should be droplets all over her face. I count seven possible drops on her forehead, one on her nose, and no others. Searches on Google Images for "arterial spray" and "blood spray" turn up a lot of disturbing photos. But all the photos have something in common: lots of droplets. If her face got splattered, then she should have droplets all over her face. I would have also expected her clothing to have visible droplets. ---- "If patriotism were defined, not as blind obedience to government, not as submissive worship to flags and anthems, but rather as love of one's country, one's fellow citizens (all over the world), as loyalty to the principles of justice and democracy, then patriotism would require us to disobey our government, when it violated those principles." Howard Zinn This was first submitted about 30 min ago and then was flagged to death after reaching the front page and ultimately the number 1 spot on HN: https://www.dropbox.com/s/brz84r1vs05mvk3/2013-11-23%2008.21... Thank you mmariani for re-submitting. Link to original: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6785795 Link: http://www.tripstamp.com Well you were correct (not that I didn't think it would happen) this post made it into the top 10 or so on the front page before it was flagged off, not dead yet but it probably won't be much longer. Edit: I might have spoke too soon, it's back on the front page at position 6 now - https://www.dropbox.com/s/hf81jlkysrm7kql/2013-11-23%2008.58... "Lunacy in the name of religion" Umm... That's par for the course.... IIRC that would all be CPU-based which is considered obsolete in the BTC mining world. GPU's are on their way out as well I think with ASIC's taking their place. I was pretty sure that if its comming from a different domain that this is not the case. For example: If we have legitsite.com/json-only-with-sensitive-data.js and we load that by adding a script tag to attackersite.com then attackersite.com cannot get the contents of what the legit site returned. The problem is when you either have JSONP (for which the attacker site could add a callback in the request to execute) or if you return js code that is supposed to run like in this blog post where RoR returns code like this: $('#someid').html('sensitive data'); ... In this case it's just as bad as having JSONP because the attacker site can create a then add the script tag then onLoad of the script tag inspect the contents of the div. That or the part where when he first calls his friend and says "We will be there in 10 days" and his friend says "10 days! really? I was expecting you here in 5 days" I'm not seeing any proof there that he is a plant. Just some people speculating. Yes, because the government would NEVER plant agents in various online forums to further their own agenda..... /s While I would guess this is probably not the case here I would caution against making it seem so ludacris.... I'm interested to know what you think he could have released that would have allowed him, as you imply, to stay in the "good graces" of the NSA/USA yet provided enough information to the US public that would not have been written off as a crazy person? I attended college for 3 years at which point I dropped[0] out to work full time at the web dev company I was working part time at. I will be starting my 3rd job (In the tech field, I left college for my second tech job) on January 2nd. I have people constantly telling me I should get my degree (Older friends/family) and the ones who don't bug me about it often say things like "But he will eventually...". That said I have not yet had it hold me back in the tech field as all of the places I have talked to care more that I can do what they need than if I have a piece of paper. About a year and half after dropping out I have ZERO regrets, I am now seeing my peers who stayed in school complain about not being able to find jobs (on FB and the like) while I have had no problems at all finding a places that will hire me. The thing to remember is to never stop learning. Some of my peers (both in school and at where I work) see finishing college as the end of having to learn where it couldn't be further from the truth. [0] http://joshstrange.com/why-i-canceled-my-college-subscriptio...