I am baffled by these new trends. I have seen websites that need scalability cache all the DB queries in memcached, but the queries didn't have any large degree of temporal locality. How is this supposed to do anything other than move the database into memory? Shouldn't the DBMS already do that by itself? The only benefit I can see is that the queries would be memoized instead of having to be run again and again, but I'm not sure that would be such a great advantage if the entire DB was loaded in memory. Anyway, I'm just thinking aloud here, but it seems to me that in many cases you really don't want a caching layer above the DB... It's better if you actually own the small company, though... No, we're never going to show your content to other users (or to anyone else), it's private. The policy is the same as del.icio.us's, I thought it was made clear in there that we won't share anything, but I'll clarify it. What we might do is show lists of the ten most popular URLs, for example. Since those are indexed by many people, nobody will be able to personally identify anyone. We wouldn't even keep the page, but it's necessary for reindexing things if something goes wrong (e.g. we are thinking of changing the search engine, and it would require a wipe of everyone's history if we didn't keep the pages). In short, no, we will never show your cached pages or even your URLs, except in very anonymized circumstances. What's a google? Uh, the voice is not autogenerated (it sounds natural), and hence it's 100% certain that this was scripted? First of all, thanks very much for your feedback! To address your points, there are no plans for your bookmarks to be public, or have an option to show a page with them, either. The nature of the site doesn't lend itself to public bookmarks at all, as there is no list of bookmarks to publicise in the first place. To make it public we would have to add a search box for people to search in your bookmarks, which may or may not be useful... I see what you mean about it, and I agree, but many people have said "I will never use this if I can't have privacy", so we listened to them. It might, however, be a typical case of the users not knowing what they want, because nobody seems to mind facebook... I'd like one like that too :( Thank you for your feedback, it is much appreciated! The point of the site is to not have lists of bookmarks, though, so you can add many many sites and then find them easily. I find that, if I have a list, I tend to either try and keep it tidy or, if I don't, I just get frustrated and never look at it. We wanted historious to never show you the extent of your bookmarks, and to just give you the info you want transparently. That's why the notion of "public bookmarks" is hard to apply here... Thank you, we hope so too! Thank you for your feedback! To address your points: - There is currently a feature to import from delicious (go to "historify site"), but it has been temporarily disabled while we make our crawler multithreaded, because the unexpected popularity and people trying to import thousands of links at once made indexing very slow for everyone. It should be up again in the next few days. - That is a very good idea! I'm not sure if the delicious dump file has them, but it should, I'll add it to our bug tracker, thanks! Your points are very valid. It is also my personal opinion that people say one thing and do another, as far as privacy is concerned. I will put the policy change on the table and we will think about ways to make the service amenable to shared bookmarks, as it would indeed be a good feature. Currently, a way of sharing that I, personally, have found works pretty well is to enable AutoTweet, which tweets your historified links with a tag. Then you can search for #historified and you see links people all over the world have historified. That is just an aside, however, and we will absolutely look into link sharing. We don't want to use your links for nefarious purposes or to divulge anything embarrassing, but having a more lax policy that enables sharing is something we do want. Thank you again for your feedback, it is sincerely appreciated. Hmm, that only searches in the title, though, doesn't it? Importing from delicious exists (click "historify site" on the top right) and will be re-enabled as soon as we finish testing the new, faster backend. Please stay tuned (and follow us at @historrific), we're sciencing as fast as we can! You mean the screen you see the first time you log in? That's just a short preamble to tell you how to use historious (many people aren't very technically minded and don't immediately see how to use the service). Hopefully it's not too much to read quickly, though! Thanks for your feedback! EDIT: Sorry, I didn't answer your first question: We use a Linode in Georgia, so if you're near there it should be pretty fast (their servers are quite fast too). I never thought of it that way, but you are absolutely right. Thank you for that perspective. As I mentioned below, there is a delicious importing feature but it has been disabled while we test the new, faster backend. The workflow you propose would be very handy, but it would have to support more sites... Luckily, we have an API anyone can use to write their own tools to add sites to historious! Oh, I bet you'll like http://historio.us/export/ , but you can still pay us $10/yr if you want! historious is an optional $5, so we have that beat! Hmm, thank you for pointing that vulnerability out... Do you mind contacting us at support at historious to discuss? Also, there is a Chrome extension available and we will be writing more as time progresses (sadly there are more important issues to address). Thank you very much! Haha, now we will work double-time to get that working! Thanks, good luck to you too! You can right-click in the search bar and create a browser search for it, and then you can use your browser search as normal. To remove the bookmarks, just click the "remove" link next to them. Yes, you can search for * and that will give you all the links. There's a small problem with that, currently, so you can search for http instead to achieve the same result. Thanks, we're trying not to. We're pretty resistant to adding tags, categories, lists, etc. Even the listing methods implemented now are side-effects rather than actual functionality. Thank you for your feedback, it is very valuable to us as we're always looking for ways to explain what we do better. The beauty of historious is that you actually find yourself using it a lot, because bookmarking with it is very cheap, just one click with no lists to clean up. The image we do need to change, as it blends in too much. The email confirmation is just for resetting your password, we don't use it for much else right now... The extension just bookmarks sites when you click it. Thanks, we will change the front page to reflect all this! It does, but the noise is too large, and the pages will eventually be deleted, so it's not very suitable for long term storage. The hints have various useful tips, and the FAQ page too. There is no page with the syntax, because we didn't think that users will need anything special, but we will add one! Oh, thanks for that, we'll fix it right away! Hmm, this is actually a good idea and I'm not sure why we don't do it right now. I will add it to the tracker and we will try to implement it soon! Many reasons, it's too slow especially if you have limited bandwidth, data becomes much more sensitive (e.g. password, banking details, etc etc), but most importantly, it increases the noise so much you can't find anything at all in the end... The bookmarklet is the same, the sniffing is for the instructions. The problem is that we want the code below to be the same as the one in the bookmarklet, so we use the same file for both, but for some reason newlines are not removed. I will change that now to make it work with Safari... I'm sorry, do you mean that the actual bookmarklet doesn't work, or the text below? You're only supposed to use the text if the bookmarklet fails, we just wrap it for display... Thank you for your feedback, let me address the points one by one: 1) You can't see your bookmark, that's the point. You don't have to see them unless you're looking for them! However, we realise people might need to see the entire list, so you can search for * or "http" to get a list of your bookmarks. The * search is a bit broken right now, but we are working to fix it. 2) Facebook posting is also planned! 3) Thanks for that idea, I will add it to our tracker! 4) That is also a good idea, we will have to resend you a validation email but that's fine. OpenID would also be great, we want to support it very very much and will do after the high-priority items are sorted. 5) A Firefox extension is planned, but is lower priority right now. Any volunteers who wanted to write an open source extension would be welcome! 6) You are probably getting a 3 because you are forgetting the "agent" parameter, if everything else is correct. We do need example, though, thanks! 7) Who wants to clutter the UI? :P We'd love some help, and would be glad to recommend you! Please contact me at stavros at historious if you'd like. Also, thank you for the Mozilla link, I wasn't aware of that and it is very useful. Nope, we don't... Those aren't very searchable, though, or we would. PDFs are a bigger priority, but they we still need to have a way to extract text from them... I think it does, but we're sort of against indexing everything , because then we'd just turn into Google search... It's much easier to locate something when you have only three or four documents of that type rather than a hundred... Thank you, we're glad you like our product! We have a few people in our team (including me) who come from a machine learning background, so we will definitely experiment with some clustering algorithms to see if we can organise the bookmarks automatically. You can import your Google bookmarks easily by uploading your bookmarks.html from Google directly on our "historify site" page. However, this is currently disabled for performance reasons, but we will soon (i.e. in the next few days) re-enable it for the users' convenience. Please follow our Twitter feed to be informed on the status of this, and thank you again for your preference! Thanks, the difference is that historious searches inside the pages rather than just the titles. So, if there was a page talking about fish called "Sea creatures", you could search for "fish" and historious would find that bookmark. Thank you for your kind words, I am glad you like it! Hello and thanks for your feedback. Let me reply: 1) Yes, the indexer has been lagging a bit behing :/ The search engine is just so slow, we'll replace it right away. 2) I guess a simple link wouldn't hurt, we'll look into placing it on the page. 3) That is true, we can have the extension automatically add historious as a search provider when you install it, which would solve both problems. Thanks again! Hello, we're sorry about that issue; we're working to fix it ASAP. For more details, please see this blog post: http://blog.historio.us/performance-problems-and-lessons-in-... Thanks for your feedback! The Chrome extension has some problems, sadly, but we can't reproduce the issue and they are not consistent at all (e.g. some users found that reinstalling the extension makes them go away). We have no idea why it's behaving that way, sadly :( Email confirmation not really that necessary, and I agree that it's an unnecessary burden. We will look into removing the email verification (but an account is necessary as you need to be assigned an API key)... We're adding historious as a search provider in the extension now! We believe that we should make a fun product first and monetize it later (it's the wrong way around, I know, but we like it)! Thanks for the suggestions! 1) That is planned and will be added soon, it is a very good idea. 2) I have no idea why we don't do this already, we'll add it straight away! 3) We will, but right now we will be changing backends, so we will document the new one (probably Sphinx with EXTENDED2). We don't reindex documents, as they are cached and never change (when you bookmark something, the bookmarklet sends the source to the server, which is how we can bypass registrations and paywalls). Plus, you need the document to be as you remember it. We currently use Whoosh with Python, but it turns out to be excruciatingly slow. We will change to either Sphinx or Solr. We don't know why the extension does that :( We can't reproduce it on any of our computers, but many users seem to have the problem :/ Yeah, if your thing means I can sync my data across computers without you seeing any of it, I'm never using Dropbox again. I agree with that, I will change the copy. We need ideas like these if we want to increase our conversion rate, and we do! Thanks again! Thanks for that report, I'll see what we can do! On the contrary, it's great for sabotaging enemies by suggesting they use it. They couldn't remember the fastest CPU in the world, this is just a tribute. You were on the 24, weren't you. What, no Zelda? Bah! Or: Theory predicts experimental results perfectly. I would also like to know which games these screens are from. The art is breathtaking and the fact that it is achieved with nothing but some cycling colours is nothing short of astonishing. Why don't we have games like these any more? EDIT: Actually, Braid. By "games like these" I meant "games so lovingly and artfully created", but thanks for the piece of history, it was really interesting to read... The world in Brave New World was portrayed in a very negative light, but I found it to be a utopia where everyone is happy. I don't see why a future where people have everything they may want and are happy all the time without fear is a bad world to be in... Really, I've been waiting for a good Android pad for a long time, and these crappy "$150 iPad rivals" just don't cut it... This is what I get: http://imgur.com/dbLty.png Opera on Ubuntu Steve Jobs? Or put it in the bathroom. We are a bootstrapped startup that aims to change the way you bookmark sites. In order to remain bootstrapped, we just instituted a $3/mo subscription that gives users some perks. We also launched public user pages where you can share your bookmarks and give users the link so they can search your bookmarked items. This is my page, for example: http://stavros.historio.us/search/ We would, once more, appreciate your feedback! Ah, good point, we'll add more cues. Thanks for your feedback! That is a very good point and we are certainly considering it, thank you for your feedback! EDIT: We have historious.net and .org now and they are pointing to historio.us. Thanks again for the nudge! I prefer £800. If I see a piece of code and I think "this code sucks", go back to rewrite it and then realize mid-way that there was a reason they did it that way, the code does suck. Good programmers leave comments saying "this is ugly because X". Thank you for that reference. Unfortunately, the software is Windows-only, which I don't own... I'll see if I can run it somewhere else, thanks again! That still doesn't mean that the code is good, though. Seriously? This is a problem? We have too much energy and we must tell people to stop producing it? The absolute worst thing that can happen is that wind farm owners will have to scale production down because they can't sell it. Sure, we'll be wasting some energy but without storage, what can we do? If this problem is so frequent, get more export lines and sell the excess elsewhere (and, conversely, import when you're running low). Why is this portrayed as a problem at all? This solution seems overcomplicated. It might work fine, I've never tried it, but I can't imagine databases (even postgres) being optimized for such things. The way we did it at http://historio.us was to just have a foreign key to each user (this can be easily extended to groups of users, i.e. companies) and just performed a lookup of the related fields depending on the domain. This has worked very well so far, it's very fast, scalable and has given us zero problems. Since all the tables are the same, I imagine it should work very well for the poster, with an appropriate index, too... Or huge batteries, I guess... I blame it on never understanding the UI, the way it did things, or its usefulness. It's like a chat you can't delete things from, and everyone sees what you type and all your mistakes? And you can post pictures? I just don't get it. The Onion got a makeover? I can't say I recognise the design... I am very much partial to the Perspectives way of doing SSL authentication: http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~perspectives/firefox.html I don't need to know if the guy has paid someone to sign their certificate, I need to know if that certificate has been there for longer (even if it's self-signed). It's just more valuable information than whether or not a guy has $10. I really hope Perspectives becomes standard in all browsers, then we can slowly migrate away from central signing CAs. Prey looks great, do you know if it's legit? It's open source and everything, I'm just asking if you know of anything fishy happening with them. Nobody seems to like my opinion, but MongoDB kept eating my data regularly and silently. My writeups are here: http://www.korokithakis.net/node/116 http://www.korokithakis.net/node/119 I would love to answer questions if I could figure out how to easily see my replies on HN :/ I'll bet that Assange will be found dead after a "mugging" soon... Yes, I mark the point where I switched to 1.4 in my posts (and the same about the 64-bit version). In one case (recently, with 1.4.1 64-bit) I had lost half my data in a crash, and restored from week-old backups only to discover that they were missing back then too. Turns out it was a silent corruption days ago... Thanks for the "threads" tip, it's really handy. About your points: 1. This is true (there was no warning that I saw when I was downloading it, although one was added later, or maybe I didn't notice it). However, I upgraded to the stable version when it came out to give MongoDB a second chance, because it sounds very good in theory, and I had the same (if not bigger) problems. 2. I hadn't known about it, and, no matter how pubilc it is, the server could just refuse to store more data. Silently corrupting two documents for every document inserted is inexcusable, even if your database was forged in the pits of hell. I think your point about the poster child thing is true. While I meant my post as a sort of "MongoDB didn't look too production-ready to me, but I hope it gets there eventually", people became really polarized and took it either as "this guy is right, MongoDB sucks " or "this guy is an idiot, silently corrupting data is perfectly acceptable if there's a notice on the website"... I started with the unstable version and then switched to the stable one, but the problems continued. If I remember correctly, the problems with 1.3 were not significantly more than 1.4. I know that now :P Regardless, the problems continued with 1.4. In retrospect, I have these observations: * The corruption of data might be excused in the development branch. * The silent corruption of the data when the server goes past its limit for a 32-bit DB cannot be excused, since the server could die , at the very least. * The corruption of data due to the process being killed because the connection dropped wasn't MongoDB's fault. * Requiring 9 GB of RAM for 5 indexes doesn't sit very well with me... * Silently corrupting data for me to find out days later is not something a stable, unstable or toy database should do... Old age. Isn't t treason to divulge classified documents? I have a hard time believing that divulging 50k of them and compromising national security, foreign operations, etc etc is not a crime... If not, spies have it really easy. It is a good move. I didn't pirate it, but I'll buy it to support them (plus it's just three quid). I only wish it were on Steam... Really? So you can divulge anything you want about any country and you won't be committing a crime in that country? Are you saying that, no matter what Assange does, he can just go in and out of the US freely? Did you know that absolutely anything you can imagine is encrypted with an OTP in the first N digits of pi, where N is the length of your information? Did you ever get past the first 10 pixels? Yeah, I meant the sale, it's 15 quid on Steam :/ It is, but no sale :/ See if you can make SQLite lose your data, I'd like to see that... We can't get our shit together long enough to stop destroying the planet, do you think we'll care if people will be able to read our books 2000 years later? What do you use? Are there any other good gateways? I haven't been able to find anything that doesn't require a huge setup fee (for my volume of business). I bought the game because of your comment, but I really really want to add it to Steam, otherwise I'll lose the files and I'll have to download it from piratebay or something... I emailed them twice so far, I wish I had a key I could add... I just sit in a 120 degree angle and have never had problems with my back, wrists, neck or anything. Just make sure the screen is high up that you don't have to bend your neck... Ah, the times I've done that (or not done market research because I wanted to write the tool)... No, seriously. What sort of setup do you mean? I just lie back on my chair, so all you need is a chair with an adjustable back. I also lower it all the way down so the desk is at shoulder height. This forces you to rest your hands on your elbows instead of your wrists and to have them on a straight line. Your desk just needs to be deep enough to allow your arms to be on it past the midway to the elbow, so you don't have to actively raise your hands. Lowering your chair also has the benefit of bringing the screen at eye-height, but you could just get a high desk... I think you should be able to add a game to Steam if you have a key, they do let you do that... If I lose the files (which I will), I'll just get them off TPB, I guess... My point wasn't that we'll disappear, it was that there are more pressing concerns to address... Thanks for the info, I'll give Amazon a go. Hopefully they'll be less fascist than PayPal, thanks again! EDIT: It seems that it's only available in the US, back to PayPal I go, I guess :/ I've been drooling over the Desire for a long time, but now, with rumours of the HD Desire coming out soon, I might wait for that... Unfortunately I don't, as the chair I have now is a stupid dorm chair. Any office chair with an adjustable back will do, just make it go back 120 degrees... NP-complete, actually. NP-hard problems don't have NP-complete equivalents. I'm hoping that it has a screen with double the resolution. Locally, rdiff-backup. Remotely, Duplicity on S3. Actually "recommend" is too weak a word. If you aren't doing daily backups with duplicity, you deserve whatever comes to you. It's fantastic, set-and-forget, and using S3 is nearly free. As I saw the tweet I became uneasy, followed the link and, sure enough, it's my post he's referencing. That's a bit disconcerting, I feel responsible for trashing MongoDB all over the internet. At least my conscience is lighter because everything I wrote was true... Jesus, I can't believe people still defend this shit. I don't care if MongoDB can store ten jiggerbytes, it should give an error when you're trying to insert more than that . When the hell did corrupting your data become acceptable for a datastore? When did I complain it couldn't store more than 2 GB? I complained because it silently corrupted my data. Some NP-hard problems are NP-complete, but not all. I guess I should have said strictly NP-hard, thanks. For the zillionth time: I moved to 1.4.0 after 1.3.3, and there was data loss on the stable version too. Seriously, what's up with everyone's reading comprehension? The 32-bit stable versions have the same behaviour, and the MongoDB guys on IRC did admit that data corruption is not a very elegant way to handle it. I'm confused, are you talking about me or MongoDB? If you're talking about me, I don't think I made a mistake, and if you're talking about MongoDB, the guys on IRC were very civil about it and did say that silently corrupting data was the wrong way to go about it. It's these apologists who are giving MongoDB a bad name, really, because the guys on IRC were nothing but helpful about it. A few days ago I imagined a decentralised, p2p social platform which would be a framework for writing all kinds of social apps. It would handle friendlists, message passing in real time between peers, permissions, authentication, encryption, etc etc. This way, you could write, say, a Twitter client, that would push your updates to all your subscribers' servers. This way, you could write most social apps. The only functionality you couldn't get is knowing what everybody in the social network is doing (suggesting friends, etc), which isn't really that crucial. This way, you could share photos/videos/media, your location (with different, configurable granularities to each friend), your statuses, etc, without anyone knowing about it without your permission. The closest I've found to this is diaspora, which looks really promising. I emailed them about turning their design into an extensible platform so this design could be implemented, but they didn't reply. I really think that would change the web and our lives, though... I'm pretty sure that my wariness of losing data would mean that I'm... uh... less likely to lose data? Besides, SQLite is amazing. Oh, that makes sense then, thanks for clarifying... Dude I totally would, and good luck with it, but I have no idea what you're talking about :( The basic idea is on the comment above, I'd be glad to answer any questions you may have, though... The way everybody thinks it will, I guess... Instant access to knowledge and people. I haven't really thought about it, since I can't predict it... I have an iPhone and I think I know what the GP is saying (although I haven't tried Android). I have a 3G which is basically unusable for the web because it's so slow , and I haven't even put iOS 4 on it. Apart from that, however, Safari basically just has no features. The form filling is so broken that, when I type half my email address in and it offers to fill it out, I tap on it to dismiss it and it fills the box out twice , so my email looks like username@domusername@domain.commain.com. Apart from that, the screen is too small to navigate well, so it ends up being tedious. 99% of my complaints, however, are due to the slow speed. It's just unusable, period. Can someone explain to me what a landing page is? I thought it was a page on your site that you pointed visitors to when they were coming from different sources, but the OP seems to mean holding page by it? I'm confused... Thanks, the latter definition is what I knew, but I'm not aware of people creating dedicated landing pages for each of their ad campaigns, so I wasn't sure what the term meant. Thanks again! Oh, of course, I don't disagree with that. Before the iPhone and Safari, you could not browse the web at all . It's just that now, other phones have evolved. Thanks for that, it was exacly what I was looking for. I'm really impressed by the designer, even though I fouled his design up a bit: http://www.stochastictechnologies.com/ Thanks again, now I don't have to have a textfile with "coming soon" on there! I agree with you entirely. I might paraphrase and say that every second I have to wait for my phone to perform an operation cuts my usage of it in half... I guess I was only half on topic on the previous comment, since I was talking more about slow phones than the iPhone in particular (even though it is an iPhone and the slowness is a part of it). I have struggled to find a fast phone for ages now. The fastest phone I've had is a Nokia 6500, which just does most of what I want, and instantly. Unfortunately, as I find myself connected to my business more and more, I need a phone that can help me. I don't think you can hope that 4.1 will fix anything. Slowness on old devices is part of Apple's planned obsolescence. How else would they get you to buy a new iPhone? Hmm yeah, probably... My comment wasn't exclusive to the iPhone, then, so disregard that part... He said unusable, though, not unstable... Do you know if I can finally add different email addresses for outgoing mail? I have 10 email addresses that map to the same inbox, but I need to send mail from all of them. Right now iOS 3 doesn't let me do that at all... Does anyone know if this is easy on the Android? I can't reproduce this either. What I can reproduce is semi-logging in three accounts (I see them in the list but they don't have gmail, so they're grayed out). In any case, I doubt the author tried this out. All multiple signon does is allow you to easily switched between accounts which you are logged in . Logging out of one doesn't affect the others, and changing the password of one doesn't change the password of any other account. It's basically a glorified switcher, and there's no vulnerability to speak of. I know this because I pseudo-linked the accounts, cleared all cookies and logged back in, and I was only linked in one account versus the three I had before. It would be good if people reporting vulnerabilities actually tested them first :/ Hmm, this is odd. Clearing the cookies cleared all the signins for me. We'll have to wait and see, I guess (wait for a user with multiple Gmail accounts, I mean). I hate how well-designed your site is! Congratulations and good luck! Yep, it's on her site. As cool as PiCloud looks, I haven't found a use for it in days. I am itching to try it out, but it can't (as far as I know) run web apps, and the uses I have for a computationally intensive, stateless (or with little state) program are nonexistent, really... On top of that, to make the API call worth it, the computations need to take orders of magnitude more time than the network latency... Does anyone have any good ideas of what one could do with it? This Twitter bot wasn't really a good example, as I can run this sort of thing on any of my home computers. It seems to me as if even the PiCloud guys are struggling to find uses for their service... Not only that... When it comes to our startup ( http://historio.us ), I (I can only speak for myself) find that a small piece of negative critique, or a new, better funded startup launching that is remotely related to what we do, can lead me to becoming demoralised and think that it's not leading anywhere, even though we've hit 3,000 users in two weeks, have tens of subscribers already, lots of positive feedback from users and even some people asking to invest... This post was very good for telling people things they might not already know, but which are indispensable. For example, when I'm demoralised, I regularly find myself saying "okay, it might feel bad but in reality people find the service very useful", and then the rational part of my brain kicks in and tells me to keep doing what I'm doing because it's probably worth it... Many thanks to the author, the post was very encouraging. In our case, we became profitable. When all you need is money to pay for a small server and can get consulting gigs to pay for food, becoming profitable at two weeks (so far so good, anyway) really puts your mind at ease that what you're doing will at least hopefully be self-sustainable. I realise this is useless advice for most other startups, but hey, spend as little as you can (but not too little), and you're doing the best you can. Hmm yes, that's basically exactly my point above. It's well suited for scientific work or MC methods, but I would instantly have an order of magnitude more uses for your service if there was a data store I could write to, even if that were just a queue (so I could upload a bunch of data and not have to go back and forth through the entire internet all the time). All in all, it sounds like a very useful service, and I'm really looking forward to you guys adding more and more features. Hopefully one of these days I'll find something to use it for, because my invitation code has been gathering dust (it's been that long)! Erm, this guy lost the opportunity to make a few hundred bucks with that post, because I want that microscope! Thanks for the link, but I'm in London, so with the shipping Amazon UK will be cheaper, I think... Thanks again! I'll do that, thanks! That's fantastic! I think they'll get me at customs, though... Too bad :/ Oh, you misunderstand. The product itself is profitable, it makes more per day than the operating costs. Right now, actually, it makes the monthly operating costs every two days on average. Fingers crossed that this trend will continue. The consulting gigs are so we can afford food. We aren't getting paid anything, but we don't count our time against expenses... It seems that they only deliver electronics in the UK... Exactly, it's what got Twitter famous in the first place. I applaud their perseverence, it takes a good amount of will to stick to your guns and insist that you have made the right choice when everybody else is telling you otherwise. On an unrelated note, "Belongie" is a fantastic name. Yes, I know it's French :( Why not? There appears to be both a mapper and a reducer, so... Thank you, is there any way to edit the post to make them clickable? Hmm, thank you for that. We don't really need emails to be verified, it's just for forgotten passwords. I'll see if we can get it removed right away, thank you. EDIT: We've changed the signup process to log you in immediately after activating, and we'll remove the activation requirement soon, thank you! Hmm, thank you for that. It's a remnant from the days before subscriptions, we'll see about changing it (even though it depends on what one means by "completely", i.e. "not forcing you to sign up" vs "all features"). And now I know! I still can't figure out when the downvote arrow appears, though. Well, the snowman is pretty awesome... There are other features, such as the ability to share bookmarks on your personal site ( http://stavros.historio.us/ ) for an example, automatically add things to "read later", one-click bookmarking, automatic sharing... A few features that are coming are the ability to import RSS feeds from other places, as well as more social elements (and, of course, support). For you, though, David, I'll throw in a free subscription! That's the odd thing, I saw them one day and then they went away again. It's no big deal, I was just wondering, thank you. Ah, thanks for that, you're right in that we don't publicise it almost at all (and we should). As for the sharing, you have your personal historious at: http://buro9.historio.us/search/ You can publish sites there (including tags) and refer people to it by giving them a link of the form http://buro9.historio.us/?q=some+query . Personally, I think that's pretty handy for answering the question "do you have any sites about X?" No items are made public by default, but do note that, when you do make an item public, you are also sharing the cached version. Thanks again for the feedback, and I'm good for that free subscription if you need it! Thank you, I'd never heard of them! I'll have a look right away. We are using Varnish, but we're storing the sources in the DB (to take advantage of automatic compression and all-around ease). It's trivial to get Varnish to cache the entire source and invalidate the cache when the document changes (the public/private setting, basically, so it doesn't accidentally share a page that's been changed to private), so that's all good. The biggest problem (by far) is disk usage. The rest of the service is very easily sharded, really, as every user is isolated. Solr is also fantastic (much better than Sphinx, in hindsight we should have gone with that for TP), so that can also scale very well (there's even an implementation of it on hadoop). We'll add the caching feature to the front page as soon as we finish the current round of A/B testing, thanks again (that feature was basically an afterthought, so it was great that you noted its importance)! Thank you very much, both for your feedback and praise! Your idea is very very good, and there are many things we can do, especially with document clustering (grouping similar documents), automatically generated keyword clouds, etc etc. We are trying to get the service to a good, stable level for now, and then we'll devote more time to playing with new ideas. One such idea we're considering is have the search interface be a filter, where the results are continuously decreasing, in real time, as you type more and more keywords. We already have Twitter integration (as in, posting things to Twitter when you historify them). We also want to add Facebook integration, but its priority is a bit lower right now. Thanks again, we add all ideas to our wishlist and are very happy to implement most of them (it just might take some time)! As someone who has used Opera since version 4, historious is much superior. I have never been much into bookmarking, I have about 50 bookmarks now and the list is already unwieldy, even though it's categorised and synched. I just never look at them. In Opera, you can see the titles, and you're lucky if you can make out the title of the item you're looking for. On historious, you just search for "nginx ubuntu" and it finds the document, even though the title may be "So and so's blog | Webservers". Another thing is that, with historious, I don't have to think about where to put the bookmark. I just click the button and it's done, I can look at it later or not, it's always going to be there, even if I forget about it. I find myself searching historious first and Google later, as I usually find things that relate to what I want to do now which I had found interesting before but then forgot about. Do give it a try, it's really changed the way I bookmark, and I love Opera to bits. EDIT: Not to mention that I can create a custom search where typing "hist " will immediately take me to the first result in my historified sites! About the demo, we should make it more obvious, but there's a hint that says "try searching for historious". We can't include too many things in there, as everyone searches for different things and we'd never get it all :/ We definitely should emphasise that. Also, the way the service works now, each user's cached page might be different (e.g. if you historified it a month ago and I yesterday, the caches will be different if the page changed). Example: http://stavros.historio.us/cached/354988/ Unfortunately, we just lost a day of A/B testing due to an erroneous setting, but we'll start testing this addition to the homepage first thing tomorrow. Thanks again! I don't think it's required, but, really, why wouldn't you be running varnish? It's just amazing. It is, hi :) That's a fantastic idea and something we've been looking for for a while. We couldn't find a feature a company would pay for, but the caching is it. Thank you again for pointing it out, we can approach many lawyers/journalists/universities this way. You (we, really) are in luck, the price is exactly in that range! Thank you very much for your feedback, it really is the best part of the day when a user tells you they like the service! It's perfectly fine if you prefer the bookmarklet over the extension, as we spent more time working on it (it affects more users)! We absolutely want to add a shortcut, but don't know how to do it in Chrome yet (some research is in order). You can already search for time ranges (the syntax is a bit weird, though), it's "added:[2010-07-01T00:00:00Z TO 2010-08-01T00:00:00Z]", for example. We are also planning to support better autocompletion, as well as bulk edits/deletions. I have never seen the text-only view, but it sounds like a good idea, I'll take a look now! As for the URLs, we also have historius.com and historious.net. Unfortunately we don't have historious.com for symmetry :/ Thanks again! Oh wow, blast from the past. That thing still exists? Is that the reason why Braid is such a fantastic game? Unfortunately, we'll never know. I don't understand. If you substitute "take" with "use", which is basically what he says, what's the problem? Having Oracle DBs run on Linux is good for Linux, surely, no? Having whatever-he-was-talking-about run on Apache is a vote of confidence for Apache, and it's probably getting some corporate patches. Where's the harm in that? Thank you for your points, they are very good. I agree that the lawyer market is hard to penetrate, and that students would be a much better target, so this is what we'll try to do. As for your second point, due to a security vulnerability with having cached pages on the main domain, we moved them all to another one: http://cache.historious.net/cached/354992/ I think that is much more readable, and the number doesn't really have to have a fixed number of digits; it can increment infinitely. If we ever need shorter URLs we can base36-encode it and reduce the number of digits right away. Thanks again for the insight! "he seems to have the tech media convinced that he's a genius" Looks like he understands the brain just fine, to me... My reply to the question "How did you become rich?" would be "I cut down on the amount of money I need to live". Next up: Ants are extinct! Their proportion of total mass compared to elephants is almost zero. I agree with everything you say, but this article says more about Ellison than Linux. He just sounds pompous, arrogant and irrelevant, I don't think he presents that big of a threat. Certainly not the way some other commenters have taken it, some people seem to think that it means he can extinguish whichever large OSS project he wants at whim. Hold on, I'll make a graph to prove it to you. Because who puts ruby in /usr/bin? I know, otherwise I wouldn't have picked an endangered species versus one that sends a billion members whenever you have a picnic! :p Thanks, it's a bit odd that people didn't get it from picking a ubiquitous, numerous species versus one that's almost extinct... Just have http://www.deadmansswitch.net send your passwords to a friend... Please answer me this: Why did I not know of this website? You don't even seem to have a front page, on the link another person posted, yet when I tried your link it is easily and by far the best fare search engine I've seen. All the others are bloated, slow and plastered with ads. Who has been doing your marketing? I admit that the analogy is a bit leaky, but the point is that ants are nowhere near extinct, even though they may be much smaller than elephants. Where it breaks down is if you consider the number of ants vs elephants globally. I probably shouldn't have said "total" mass, just relative mass. Oh, I see, I didn't know that, thank you. To be fair, that's easier to do when there's nothing else like whatever it is you're working on. People (me included) are waiting for Android tablets right now . There was nobody working for a tablet before the iPad, so Apple didn't have to say "we're working on this, don't buy the competitor's thing yet". There was no good tablet before Apple's, mainly because there was no good OS. PC OSes are a bad fit for tablets, so it has to be either iOS or Android. I'm very surprised Google is going with ChromeOS on its tablet, I hope they make it easy to install Android. (It was a joke, I know it usually goes in /usr/bin/. That's where mine is) At a presentation of my university (UCL), one of the presenters told us that, amazingly, she was able to detect clinical depression from an MRI scan with very high accuracy. To be fair, she was not able to detect mild cases, but I don't think the doctors can really distinguish between people being depressed because of an external and a physiological cause... That was the most surprising thing I've heard in quite a while... Speaking as a Greek, a centralised government would be far worse at allocating funds simply because it would embezzle a good chunk. Ugh, that's really frustrating. There's a prevailing mentality that the best sort of job you can find is a government job. That's not far from the truth, really, since people who work in companies tend to work 12-14 hours a day for a bit over minimum wage, but most Greeks don't even know how easy it is to start your own business. I was chatting with someone on a flight once, and I mentioned that I have my own company, and he said "yeah, but it was, like... your dad's, right?" I said no, "I founded it". He couldn't believe that someone under 40 could start a company... You are very much correct. There are users, and there are customers. Listen to your customers. Users matter too, but "please give me this feature for free, because I might sign up down the line" isn't cutting it... That's a killer feature for github, because it essentially means that they have no free model. If I'm making a company project and want to collaborate using github, there is zero choice. But, since I'm already familiar with how great it is, due to the free public repos, I'm more likely to buy. Sounds like they have their model cut out perfectly. Yep, exactly. Customer = person who paid for your stuff. That's what we decided to do with historious [1] (bookmarking with full-text search in the content of the pages, and cached pages). You get 1000 bookmarks free, and you have to pay to get more. This way, people who don't bookmark very much can live with 1000, and people who eventually will use more than 1000 need to subscribe... I think it's a very good plan if your product is structured in a way that a user will eventually hit the limit, but I think Dropbox was not a very good example. If I hit the limit, I'll just delete a few files I don't need. I see your point, though, and I think you're mostly right. [1] http://historio.us/ How does it work? How do you handle persistence and parallelism? To be fair, you wouldn't need much more than SQLite to gather emails. It's more than sufficient (I would say it's absolutely amazing for most use cases, but the one thing I am not sure about is how well it handles concurrency, if at all). I tried SQLite for a few things, and it has always come out a champ. I would not hesitate to use it for most of the semi-static websites I make (web apps would be pushing it), if I were sure it can handle more than one connection (I'm not, sadly). I am very, very impressed by it. Seriously solid database. My fabric setup is basically: * push to * update the files * compile sass to css * minify javascript * process the dependencies file (using pip) for updates (it does nothing if I haven't added new dependencies) * restart/flush/whatever I specify It works beautifully, I can deploy changes in a few seconds. EDIT: Okay how do I make lists :( Thanks for clarifying what I suspected. If you don't need high concurrency, it's a champ. Here you are: http://dpaste.com/231226/ That sounds quite good! So most of the parallelism is on the view processing layer? Is the postgres setup parallelised as well? You don't have to check out the repo (I didn't). It takes five minutes or so to solve, so it's not that time-consuming if you are at least a bit technical. It's exactly identical to this [1], which is quite good also! [1]: http://matrix.itasoftware.com/ Yep, easier to find, too. I only suspected what it was, but 30 seconds of Googling were enough even if you didn't know it... "The color? Always something tacky." Pity the ancients didn't share our fashion sense, eh. Pardon my ignorance, but is it possible for someone with a Sense phone, say, to install pure android on it and get all the advantages of the Nexus One, with the updates and all? Or do you need drivers or something? You've never used Redmine, I see! Not that there's anything wrong with the other two, but Redmine is miles ahead, in my opinion. I will second that recommendation. It was a fantastic phone. One phone like that currently is the 6500, it's amazingly fast, cheap and only does a few things, but it does them well. The odd thing about this is that I don't really think it's that bad to offer good support. On my startup (historious) I see almost every user who's emailing us be really surprised when we respond within a minute or so. We're always at the computer and reading someone's email doesn't take that long, or break your concentration very much. I know it's different for large companies, but they have the kind of money to hire good support staff. At those scales, though, you lose something that's even more impressive: The ability to fix small bugs by the time you've replied to a user. If someone reports a bug to us, we usually have it fixed and pushed in one or two minutes, so when the user gets a response saying "thank you for the feedback, we've fixed the bug, you can try again" within a minute of reporting, they become really loyal to the service... Yes! Also a fantastic phone. Really, the 6xxx series were the best phones. I had a 6110, 6210, 6310, 6230, and now a 6500. They were all the best phones I've owned. I tried some of the Symbian smartphones but they were just disappointing, they took forever to do anything. Ah, sure, that's fine (I ran Android on my iPhone once). Does it work perfectly otherwise, or are there any incompatibilities? That was my original point, that it's our culture that makes us consider these statues garish and tacky. Back then, they were (obviously) the height of fashion and pleasing design. I really hope "inception" doesn't become a thing...