everyone going on about this check out Cinema Redux - movies distilled into one image, from 2004! Done with Processing! http://processing.org/exhibition/works/redux/index.html would be funny if it was someone like Richard Branson or John Carmack vying for these instead... to burn them! when I started reading this, first reaction was, what do you mean there isn't a site that lets you put all sorts of data in a QR Code - Google Charts API what. Then I see that's what you figured out. also, QR Codes with full vCard style contact infos have been in use/easy/available in popular places like Japan, for years. yeah, legendary and omitted? maybe too much source material for that..hehe; and if you wanna talk about the sound fx that go with the GUIs.....the insane work and science behind all the Trek sounds is craziness....all for a few blips and beeps..hehe... there's not alot in here about dropping Rails particularly.... it's more some Rails powered front end stuff for SEARCH that needed to be ditched to speed up the crazy insane search load they get. yeah, true -- this is all about scale. They have tons of online content producing partners that will be interested in doing live stuff, and also on the scale side of things, the YouTube reach is immense compared to the DIY streamer sites like justin.tv etc google translate's always had a strong confidence in its EN -> JP translation abilities. http://translationparty.com/ love how this comes out while http://agoogleaday.com is around while reading this I was afraid of what conclusion the author was going to reach -- but a vm message that says 'txt or email me' is great -- amen! gah, this again eh. Friday's news. This is a pretty unique/upper tier end of the spectrum problem. They needed to be able to cope with the ridiculous amount of realtime indexing and searching going on around the SEARCH stack, so ok, Netty etc. Not really anything about abandoning Rails etc. yep really I find VM is just a 'medium' choice, and one that I don't prefer, but maybe my callers would at the time. Sometimes it's just easier to ramble on about something instead of typing. But VM is by no means instant, don't expect a reply in any soonish timeframe. That's what IM/txt is for. Email and VM might as well be the same...non-current issues. I find the comment scores useful at a glance to note contributions the community likes. I haven't been here that long, but what is the HN obsession with discussion/comments anyways? Good links are good links. That is the first draw to HN isn't it? Current/fresh relevant links/news items not one mention of The Social Network movie or if a chunk of this influx is looking for a career at making iPhone apps? good post with insights on the site traffic etc..appreciated the rails/heroku discussion. What is with the hacker submissions tho!? submitting drop table lines etc...geez ppl....whyyy while cryptic at times, the messages in this article were great I thought. And on TechCrunch no doubt. I think only a few of Twitter's users are really seeing the bigger picture use of the service and it's serious impact. I mean, beyond the user base, there were commenters who 'don't use it or know anyone who does' that were completely oblivious to the impact - even though they hear about twitter on tv/news/whatever constantly almost. The obliviousness to the increasingly seamless nature of the platform is a problem for investors/patents/business models - because how do you define all that? I know this is right out there, but why not focus on going wireless to solve this 'need to avoid digging stuff up' hurdle? I thought advances in wireless speeds was going to be the real revolution. isn't this whole make-your-own-currency, digital or not, like that Ithaca HOURs thing? hmph, this one caught me by surprise..... more infos: http://www.delicious.com/help/transition also http://bits.blogs.nytimes.com/2011/05/03/amazon-enters-the-f... seems like it's still a crowded marketplace for this sort of fashion stuff, and fashion remains a tough sell online as far as the 'shopping experience' I think... but there must be enough of a margin in it and Amazon's definitely got the inventory and reach to pull this off, so seems like a logical, nice addition to their portfolio would love to find out if in fact there is some encryption layer on this thing, cause if not, that opens a whole other scandalous can of worms This story floating around in a bunch of places -- irks me. It's not a good buy. Too expensive unless RIM drops pricetag a ton. And the incompatibilties in vision and platform/development seem way too much hassle for MS which just got into the Nokia thing re: skype/facetime - if this RTMFP thing picks up, seems like there could be tons of services like this soon. no need for facekype. In some ways, this has been around for a bit, just maybe not a cleanly/easy to develop. tinychat anyone? haha, and they'll all be based on frontend UI accessing RSS. wow, these guys been pretty busy, on the hunt to get something together using a portfolio of services obviously. Good news for some startups, or in Delicious' case, some left-to-die orhpans They'll keep it for sure, maybe just sneak an MS logo in there. It's one of those brands that's achieved 'verb' status for god sakes. if MS absorbs the Skype technology into their own IM/chat/communications systems - and skype users are left out on a limb - where do they go? . They stay with the MS product line happily perhaps, or they go to __________? gChat/open/xmpp? Jump all the way to Apple FaceTime (seems a far jump). Or with forthcoming p2p flash video ease-of-dev/ease-of-use, does this all just become super common/easy to access? this music thing isn't a social thing at all really though, it's pure utility and convenience. In this form anyways. the perceived risks taken by locals in this story, and the way this plays out in the 'storify' flow is great. That Prey company should have some 'emergency' guidelines for how to track and get back your laptop. Like -- what is the best way to approach law enforcement, instead of vigilante tactics. heh archived on livestream now...youtube later article title stunned me in an 'ah ha' sort of way -- sounds like a play/set of moves right up apple's alley dunno how I missed this one earlier, but nice design work....and G finds yet another way to present their ad/promotion scheme and on that note, I'm not that impressed by this because it's mostly about what to do once you've got an app developed. It's pure marketing/ad/promotion stuff. Covered in slimy Google AdX goo. posting this, but seems like there is no new source other than the days old TechCrunch article huge move for Mastercard PayPass. But only works with Nexus S now? Are there a ton of phones coming to market with NFC capability? this has got me a bit confused and the absurdity of trying to put a blanket policy on something as global as the net and something somewhat not-geo-specific as domains and sites, confounds me they should start by banning foreign hosting of uk ccTLDs... hashbang discussion rearing its head again..... this post is long but it has some insights / questions into why the debate erupts about this and what it means when we say they 'break the web'. Hashbangs are caught in the middle of this transition of our old thinking of web docs into an application platform. general hysteria-inducing article. How about some population control? nicely done. always enjoyed playing with Wordle. would say we already figured this out a few days ago...... that it's all about hardware sales so this is really about breaches and 'attacks' -- data loss seems like a vague term to describe. We're not talking about a bunch of crashed hard drives here seem it wasn't handled the best way by Twitter, but really, the whole brand/identity holders thing is a long standing valid thing on the internet..(re: domains etc)...so I dunno, shouldn't be that much of a surprise? Word of the day has to be: Spime http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spime people bring this stuff on themselves by treating fb as a massive 'who I know or am related to' index instead of following who they are interested in. I suppose fb brought some of this on themselves when they went down the twitter-emulation path a few years ago. the product/service will outshine the design if the idea is still conveyed (in a pretty fashion or not). my mom asked me the other day what the word 'sync' meant. Honestly. To some it may be an alien word in the context of their devices/data. nice technology demo -- I like using google quick view for pdf reading...this is a nice alternative... dreaming up uses for it - immediate display and download of pdf receipts that sort of thing? speaking of google ..... so much for Chrome's built in pdf viewer..heh. like some other things with Obama's Presidency, data/gov projects haven't gone the way we all 'Hoped' they would when the ideals presented themselves at its start. hmm, wouldn't guess Google because I thought while their computing grid is the most powerful it's not really a supercomputer because it's just tons and tons of basic machines... but maybe gah -- I wouldn't put that much faith in Alexa and ComScore data sources. Also, as if apps were any different than the web -- the web is where the data comes from! awesome, was totally going to bring this up. ya, the whole read I was wondering what Phenona does/is. used this last night on a whim to paste in the contents of a tracklist from a radio show. Great way to flip through some of the tracks the djs played without having the actual show recording on hand. Handy for those into electronic/dance stuff where there's lots of livesets and tracklists floating around. I'd say it was 80% accurate in picking up the right track from youtube. Amazing how much stuff is on youtube of course. pretty good way to show off google's array of products. But also makes me wonder about the 'too many things going on at google' thing http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2705743 it feels so closed off. Silo'd. Makes me shudder. "living the game" - angle does immediately speak alot to me as something that is not FB and not G+ etc. Gamers like their other world/networks to exist on. to this day I have yet to see any major UI problems -- and I have used Wave alot in real collaboration situations. It has worked excellently for just that, collaboration. Only thing missing is a gTalk chat window/which the original Etherpad has so I will probably move to that as a wave replacement. usually because it's been tied to some incentive.... discount...access to more information/contests..whatever. They're lured in. A 'like' has become a form of currency in some strange way I wonder what becomes of the 'Blogger' name/domain etc. I'd say it's a pretty valuable 'word' -- an iconic brand somewhat. love that title/cupholder analogy. Recall recent article about the relative non-use of video calling/video chat - despite the general sense for years and years that it would be how we were all going to be communicating in the future that is now. it's really all about transcending the version number. Which Chrome has basically succeeded in doing. Hats off to them too -- it makes for a much more exciting development and innovation space think this has gone way up in recent years with ppl with old hotmail whatever accts fed up of spam,more people on gServices etc....more exposure to gApps via android etc (not to mention being forced into using a gAccount/gMail for android things...) there's so much Tetris goin on there too. Also, cue logo design (mis)trend of late 2011 - the pixelated fade. ala..I think it was MS stuff/Windows back in like....turn of the century? read headlines like "Citrix buying Cloud.com for 200 million" - thought some crazy domain seller had struck paydirt. But it's a whole company..ahhh built with Processing?! nice, very nice wow, this really opened my eyes up to the real interesting stuff at Visual.ly. None of this was apparent to me at launch a few days ago, nor when I signed up recently. "This is Disruptive Technology" ha, nice heading. Sorry, just realized more original source is http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2777508 one odd thing about the video is it should be 7+ mins long, but shows up in YouTube as 5:36 or something. Trick: Watch in 480 mode, and it keeps playing to the full length :-S You gotta keep watching so you don't miss some more big news events like Osama's death ! am I the only one to clicked this thinking it was some sort of SSH client...;-) the whole 2005ness of this post, which I just discovered after reading the whole thread here, renders it mostly useless to me. I get what J's saying about the evolution/de-evoluion of frameworks - but wow, in the time since, things have played out differently. wow, thanks for the screenshots.. I didn't expect that pic. Expected a japanese character or something. Wow. We don't need that. never saw anything about using a real name, don't have my proper name on my gAccount, so it doesn't matter -- gPlus working fine, identity working fine. oh, totally. Just was having a laugh about it I'm sorry but my first reaction to this was how can I follow these updates in twitter. ha Other than that, I do like the 'developer' posts/transparent process updates a tough topic/post to go front-and-center public with. a bit surprised to see it coming from Google. Guess it is the CLO griping.. but the multiple sides of this coin are hard to ignore. Coin being an operative word as much of this calls into question the nature of business and competition guess I'm really wondering why this exists -- seems like maybe the idea originated back in early twitter days and devs just decided to see it through now all of a sudden? a bit heavy on the google influence in the article.... I don't feel like G+ is at all geared to photographers. Flickr has tons of features/tools that seem natural to many but are key to managing photos, making sets, organizing etc. The meta data alone you can associate with flickr photos is incredible. G+ can make a photo set in the same way Facebook can, not really same target/point. interesting. Not sure how serious the potential 'shift' to Bing would be, as I think alot of Ffox users would still change it to Google as the default. Do you think Microsoft Bing is actively courting Moz on this issue ahead of the contract expiry? ohhh... that's what all the release cakes sent to the Mozilla HQ from the IE team are for! as with web apps, version numbers don't matter at the front -- features do. The Build numbers and versions should stay in there where people who need to can find them though, ala Chrome... http://cssgrid.net 1140 CSS Grid is pretty good with the media queries and what not kind of a cooler more elaborate demo here http://fhtr.org/kenburns/ wow, this is interesting. What a contribution. definitely noticed all the outgoing links briefly flashing over to t.co the past few weeks. Interesting. I expect someone at twitter dev will explain this in few days there's the official Account Chooser Working Group Charter proposal announcement - https://sites.google.com/site/oauthgoog/workinggroupcharter/... funny 'cause now the first thing I see is - hey, they used the 'twitter bootstrap' look on this page reddit is almost entirely in existence due to its community/userbase. it's all it had when digg imploded, and it's pulled them through from dark to the traffic heights they are at now. thing missing from reddit, despite the forum-like discussion thread part, is that it isn't social. it doesn't promote following users or anything of that nature or has little of those features (one thing that digg has/had) thing is, currently, the way reddit is/is going -- there's not much that needs to be changed. it covers alot of use cases for alot of its userbase (i.e. I use it solely for submission and upvoting/link popularity tracking, and hardly for anything discussion/forum related) what are all these browser 'version numbers' they keep talking about? cue the inevitable 'why not using x' etc - but it's always interesting to hear what the heads are using day-to-day seems to me that other than financials/cost of offering stuff for free -- it's a technical issue with wifi technology. Keeping signals strong/repeated....changing/improving approaches...mesh network ideas etc etc... what happened to it being a hub for e-waste and toxic discarded electronics and unwiped hard drives? wish this wouldn't conclude sounding like a ploy to convince everyone to buy up misspelled domains. olllld article from 2009 rehashing longtime complaints of bitter Vader suit wearing actor. He didn't get a cut of the only-named-in-merchandise Ewoks toys. Boohoo. could see this coming with the recent takeover of t.co in all url tweeting etc..... but wow...how are they going to do this....sites have to register ala google webmaster center?......so much work. Bit.ly save us! think one reason might be because people are accessing IM via all sorts of wacky mobile apps, to keep them using their MSN accounts, need to make the protocol accessible - XMPP the obvious way to do that nice writeup, could really feel your pain/obsession (not a bad thing) -- the sketchiness of the codeblock from the get go was cringeworthy for me too - harks to marking CS assignments and the like back in the day. what a way to start my day too. blech "distributed computing boilerplate" ha, I like it with Visa on board, this definitely does give this a sense of being big. But only time and marketing/economics will tell with the whole NFC enabled devices etc etc temptation to go on about a Philly Frenetic... example: http://www.stamped.com/parislemon/stamps/9/Iced-Chai also sniffed some sort of google connection, then realized it's a gVentures thing a rocky week for sure, but I don't see major grounds for hate. Heavy user/dependent on Delicious for my bookmarks etc. By day 2 I was relatively running smoothly again. It was all expected and they listed the features that are still in progress and I've already seen some of the things (like FF plugin) start to work again. So..... I don't see where the ZDnet hate and user account stuff is coming from. What, all the users that didn't really use the service and then saw tech news about the relaunch and decided to visit the site again only to find their accounts gone/not migrated? The warnings for migration were borderline intense/annoying the past month or so....and that was months after the emails and notifications when AVOS jumped in. suppose this isn't really fresh news, but summarizes recent months activities and what we've been seeing/talking about. And coverage in mainstream press is something maybe. ahh .. I didn't see it at first. Good. with the more significant things like movie listings, weather..... it's about Google + the world's information. They want it to flow through them/be indexed by them/found and offered up by them oh wow, after skimming the page and getting to the bottom, totally noticed that pic! craziness. drama indeed. haha. Good on them. there's so many of these google acquisitions doing the 'disappear' thing that when they do resurface we've almost all forgotten and all is new again. haha. Maybe that's the point. RSS - the internet's great underrated 'killer app' oh wow, ok, so that wasn't just me then? good. Engineering blog is fine, probably getting clumped in with some flagged .twitter.com domain spam......oh well but then they become unreadablecom ? uggh while this debate seems to continually rear its head.... can we stop posting year old stuff to HN? wow, and this didn't even touch on Evernote's Clearly. Busy day in the 'easy mobile reading' space. daark. I get the uncertainty and fear of the 'seedy' nature of G+ and rise of the corporate platforms...but seems like more of us trying things out, learning, so we can maybe direct change/influence the evolution of the platforms.... big fan of wave as a simple collaborative editing system. Live editing is intense, but works great when hashing out ideas on a document. Have used for over a year in a small team working on document writing. Have yet to find a good replacement, so this is interesting. Actually, it's not so much there isn't a good replacement -- EtherPad is quite good, especially some of the newer incarnations of it with slicker UI -- but Wave's 'inbox' feature being able to manage and organize multiple waves under account is the thing keeping me using it. I don't want to have to bookmark all my EtherPad docs and somehow track them. Great stuff. This is like Photosynth for videos! Remember Photosynth? further - Move the Web Forward site is a nice piece of work/resources http://movethewebforward.org/ great socket/node proj, visited earlier http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2661457 zah? http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3314910 So I can't get a real iPad from a fake Apple store in China? I guess Apple will have to open some more real stores and sell renamed 'fake' iPads under another name. haha how to get family&friends to start using Path though, other than the initial 'shiny new' app thing. Seems making the move from fb is a task everyone struggles with yeah definitely -- Google Voice Search and all the work they put into building up the database/quality of voice recognition has been in place for years. I've tested voice search with many of the Siri-like statements and commands and they all work. The only thing is the device doesnt' talk back, seems like that means they're way past 50% complete on this 'feature'. wouldn't say out of touch, just get to your information other ways. More adept users aren't searching they're heading to news sources via links, social networks, etc etc. they backpeddled much much later by 'reintroducing' some of the aspects of the site that were there before. Thing was, it was really quite a long time after all of the users had left. Initially, imo, the real problem was the shock of change and some serious downtime/bugs in the first 2-4 weeks is what killed it. As an active, dedicated user, not being able to use the site for so long left me no choice but to drop it from my daily habits. this is always great to rehash and reflect on. the link right in the first page would have been easier to digest http://www.team5150.com/~andrew/carmack/ instead of this scribd garbage wow, yeah, that was my immediate thought too. Atwood's Law: any application that can be written in JavaScript, will eventually be written in JavaScript. Ravens Nest? This an Ottawa project? hehe. if so/add Ultimate as a sport. hehe not to be confused with Summize. (also taken over by twitter, becoming early incarnation of twitter search back in the day) love that someone in news/publishing is pushing crazy journalists to write for the web ... been doing this on content/copy for years using what? Google Wave See also: Etherpad, springs to mind pretty funny. I feel like I'm listening/watching my twitter stream. haha maybe in bad taste, but made me think of this 'art' http://www.astronautsuicides.com/ ha, nice. I kinda liked my Congrats idea better http://twitpic.com/8ehuxs :-P (doh, wrote a long reply with thoughts a few hours ago from Hacker News Beta mobile app and it didn't post...fail) sorry man, it was just the link I got. I'm all for first poster credit and respect, just sometimes same content can be generated from multiple links etc and stuff gets messed up. Annoying but you know how it goes. On the time of posting thing...I know someone created a site to determine the optimal posting time for HN.... I have never used it tho! It's just naturally there'll be hotspots in the day based on simply where the majority of HN readers are from and the waves of social network activity. Anyways, a good link indeed. A fun Friday afternoon share -- Great that the FlightAware guys are watching this and contributing too. ah, the 'tool' for optimal HN Pickup. Still interesting when you look at it. http://hnpickup.appspot.com/ Also, re: titles -- yeah, descriptive titles always -- I try to do that, since I appreciate it when others do pretty neat -- way to step up 'team behind lazyweb-request#53' tested it out with whatever I had handy: Mother Effing Mountain Lion http://i.imgur.com/oRFRA.gif this has been around for years no? Also, in recent months I've started to move away from using reCaptcha everywhere on webform deployments because of increased difficulty from, shall we say, the less patient and computer literate, visitors of my sites. If true, that value is off the chart crazy but makes this also amazing. Pete Cashmore has definitely put the time in.... but as many of us know has been crazy with the linkbait drivel for like the past year or more. He must be in a surreal state of bliss about all this. and the 'open' office design debate continues...... Noted there are no developers in any of these so-called office scenarios...maybe a mention or two of a 'type of work' that needed more concentration and 'noise cancelling headphones'. IMO the open office concept push that's been on and off for years is no good overall other than a perception that it's great and helps productivity. ancient Not new, not original youtube or producer site. This really needed to be HN'd? Seems like inherently, they have always been going after Dropbox, Evernote, whatever. It's the very nature of the overarching idea of Google Docs. Everything is a doc. And all these 'features' are natural parts of the system. this is great. in general, need more of these sorts of 'convincing x' guides ...purely for need for the right 'language'/points to convey benefits without getting lost in tech/trendspeak. easel.ly - great name. yeah yeah,email is the original great killer app of the internet. But as far as collaboration, it is full of problems and for the average user just causes problems and confusion and makes people bend over backwards to try and keep up. All the new developments are about taking it to a new level...beyond the original idea. Meaning less silos, easier many-to-many and one-to-many etc... liked this, and also felt it had a tinge of HN appeal. Reminds of also the cultural world changing impact of another thing related to privacy/public space: Air Conditioning. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4073620 Because digital things have to look like real things right? Lame. someone concisely help me refute this drivel. looking for reasons to use this. Other than educational purposes? And where are the pages hosted? This is basically for one off displays of random content? fast or not, this url/link is olddddd yeah, seems to be a lot of old links getting shared lately. please stop. Maybe start using http://isitold.com/ before posting. this is like a modern day audio boss button take home exam and collaboration? take home exam is just asking for that in this day and age. I thought the idea was it would be easy, but only the students that put the work in would learn something that they'd need to know/use in a harder exam later..... another similar Android app design blog http://www.holoeverywhere.com/ wow, saw this come up on HN, did a doubletake. Toronto/York Region/Canada represent. just something fun for your mornings obligatory Simpsons quote, 'We need more "Bort" coke bottles in the shop. I repeat, we are sold out of "Bort" coke bottles.' super minimal. like how it was inspired by the garfield minus garfield thing. I was really scratching my head about what the hell tags were when I saw this yesterday. I clicked around, read pages, mentions of tags all over but no explanation or alternate description of what they were. Terrible unless you're some marketer already using all these. As a web dev, I was mystified (realize now exactly what it is, but just never used the 'tag' word). Seems like a lot of work for a niche space/userbase that is heavily tagging content/etc really nice project -- built with "Open Web technology, including Grunt, Backbone.js, Backbone Boilerplate, Node.js, MongoDB, RequireJS, PhantomJS, and Engine.IO" are they ready to scale for tonight? :-) couldn't help being reminded of old SNL skit about 'cork soaking' with janet jackson. "User requests are what computers are for!" "DOING OUR BUSINESS is what computers are for." --Tron, 1982 with the amount of stuff you can get from Google Now (or it can get for you), this makes it way more useful "thousands of lines and zero comments merry christmas and a happy bus accident" http://theprofoundprogrammer.com/post/27214842818/text-thous... love seeing intial sketches alongside finished products. I should use my notebook or dot grid book or whatever more often but alot of my designs have their very first iteration on POST-ITS. Could start a tumblr for initial post-it sketches hehe. err http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4732958 love the friday humor guys ;-) I honestly didn't realize this was a Chromebook ad, anyways, c00l neat idea, useful for travelling groups or work sessions on the go. What's the catch tho? Facebook login? Suspect. Ads popping up on every hotspot user's web browsing? Or does paying for the device cover them twitter is just another venue for information consumption that previously was more generally the web/blogs etc for me. So cutting it off is not about cutting off access to tweets etc but cutting off the flow of information and access to global goings-on that I am verrry accustomed to now. Sure it might free you up to do other things, but for many of us now it's just part of life - the constant flow of information and being in it. And I'm of the part of the Millennial generation that only got internet in later years -- just think where the youth of today would stand on this need to connect this with Karma https://yourkarma.com/ neat stuff - bit of explanation/behind the scenes is good too: http://musicmachinery.com/2013/01/02/boil-the-frog-2/ I don't know about XMPP transports specifically but this is mostly a frontend app change and not the backend. The MSN/Messenger servers are still the core of all of the messaging platforms and will stay in operation. vote up if you came here wanting to know what the BTTF connection was yeah, every day since vine launched I keep thinking, why not GIFs. With the maximum mainsteam acceptance/resurgence of GIFs these days, it seems like cinegram and GIFboom are already doing this. GIFs also embed/shareable etc. Same 6-second capture/edit/post process too. Hmmmm didn't expect much out of this story because it has felt for a long time that hackers targeting politically sensitive media orgs, govt and private sector out of China is the norm. Too common, widespread (however it's being organized) and they are too many for us to keep tabs on/hope to stop. All we can do is be vigilant in security practices and keeping on top of latest measures. Lego Group, 758 million in 2011. There's your target Minecraft. related blog post from @schneems http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5182884 goddamn, thanks. +1 I like this because it demonstrates the complexity that can possibly be involved with some serious web development projects. Also, I think it is the skill/ability to make the decision between these tools and platforms and know that you only need some etc - is what separates the good educated developers from the rest. my first thought after reading this was couldn't the author not do some background research into the freaking marketing plan behind this or what the ad agency working on promotions was thinking....or like others have mentioned, the corporate merger history. 'Journalists'. geezus. flashbacks to textfiles and issues of Phrack. Seeing a full phonebooth (with a phone in it) makes me stop in my tracks these days. reminds me of the humorous https://github.com/joho/7XX-rfc "RFC for the 7XX Range of HTTP Status codes - Developer Errors" Outlook/MSN Google chat interoperability means XMPP is alive and well on the Live Messenger servers right? just call it what it is, another instant messaging network, that does nothing but simply use the net and your data to send messages under guise of a crpytic ridiculous PIN number/account. Can't we just stick to contact lists of people's names and emails and IM that way..none of these 'numbers' (phone, pin etc). Meanwhile MS/outlook.com announces interoperability with gTalk...aka XMPP.... and the open net pushes forward. I meant keeping our contact lists basic and of real information like names and an email (email being a good base block for net stuff/identification/comms because the domain etc) instead of 10 other accounts to keep track of for all our contact list/address book entries. On the 'communications permissions system' tip, yeah, ok, useful to direct certain things via different networks, but instead of numbers and cryptic pins, keep it to names.... Address Book entry: Name & facebook: ChrisArchitect email, IM: ...@....com (translates to a searchable contact on other nets like twitter too) ... oh and furthermore, all using base internet technologies and IP networks instead of seperate private nets and god forbid the cellular network used for SMS that should be dead by now. Thus bringing interoperability etc too find this hard to read without thinking about beer the whole time. Could have a bit more serious tone to the identity. wow, if you hadn't posted this I would have totally overlooked the intro. Had to go back to re-experience the site. heh aka "An Inside Look At Re-architecting Twitter" articles like this drive me nuts because now I've got a manager kicking ideas around like must focus on yahoo/get web properties moving in yahoo....(which shouldn't be a concern, indexed sites are indexed)...but it's so murky trying to explain or even see yourself the clear situation this is great, lots of uses...contests...exclusives... snapchat like capabilities.... of course, at the rate that things get spidered and indexed elsewhere, the likelihood that something 'disappears' isn't that good.... "recently"? October 2012 this started rolling out....geezus. further title to this would be something along the lines of "the state of and movement in the Global Mobile Market" There's like 10 companies in here I have either never heard of or not heard from in a good while. Proggy fonts, swear by em noticed the domain is expired tho.....doh comments from last year https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3383673 this is nice, really good examples of base stuff that can be achived with bootstrap -- but I kinda feel like using these misses the point of bootstrap in that you should be able to piece together whatever look you're imagining in your head with bootstrap by hand. Learn the code/use the code & quickly build stuff -this cuts a corner that could be handy in a super rush but as always, learning the framework by building yourself can give you intimate understanding so why did they make this? flipping thru the help docs, seems to be for creating responsive ads (not a surprise I know) -- so they want to kill off flash but maintain the animations and flash ad style things out there for youtube and what not? great link, neat to read the various approaches.