Joel is light on the technical details. He's old enough to remember when C was going to be the language for everything. But not guru enough to mention or properly analyze anything else from that time. (Eiffel, Forth) Joel is just one of the mainstream programmer sheeple, just louder and with a bit of panache. Dvorak has enough balls to make a prediction. Does that make him clever? There's no fundamental reason why the iPhone couldn't have Android as well, or at least some level of compatibility. Also, if Android = DOS, I note that DOS did not end up a big win for IBM, who made the hardware. In fact, DOS was one of the standards that helped to turn hardware into a commodity. The screen technology developed for the OLPC has the potential to benefit mobile devices tremendously. A multi-touch pad the size of the OLPC would kick-ass. Interactivity is what makes electronic devices compelling. It would make the Kindle look like a clunky thing from the Victorian age by comparison. The semantics of that are no different than a case statement. (Unless this is in a performace-critical loop, and you'd gain something though a compiler optimization of the case statement.) You're equating using case statement syntax to good programming? That's the best example you have of a "mess?" That makes me suspect that you don't think about programming at a very high level and that you like making largely arbitrary changes to code for (unacknowledged) ego-driven reasons. Array indexing is just another way of getting it done. Often a case statement is going to be faster. 90% of the time, it just doesn't matter. If you're getting paid for doing such useless code changes, you might as well get paid for surfing Y Combinator news. Perhaps that's why the original programmer is a successful founder, and you're fixing the code. > You suspect wrong. Don't suspect. Ask and find out. Don't have to ask. You actually think minutiae at this level is interesting discussion. That's evidence against you. > Do you really think "faster" is what's most important? As I said before in the thread, over 90% of the time, no. Actually, more like 98%, no, so we are in agreement about nanoseconds. I only included the quip about performance for completeness. True, the array indexing code is much shorter. That can be worthwhile. If your project has gotten to the point that these sorts of things are actually worth your time pursuing, then you're doing very well. But that would mean that all your bugs are fixed, there are no more pressing architectural issues, and there are no highly demanded bits of new functionality to implement. In other words, your project would be practically dead. Reducing a 600 line subsystem to 100 lines would be a big deal. Reducing 12 lines to 2? Nope. It runs. Reducing 12 lines to 2 in 500 different spots around your codebase? Well, if that's the case then I'm sorry that you have to put up with that all over the place, but at least it's correct. Again, if your highest priority is cleaning up stuff like that, then you probably have it easy. Too easy. He just posts a basic code snippet and then says "good luck figuring that out." Seems like he's just appealing to those who don't know and who don't want to know, but who are happy to have some blogger confirm their prejudices. Sounds like he's lost his faith in Lisp uber-alles, but not necessarily in high-level languages or dynamic languages. It's a big missing feature in Java and Python. If programming languages are for making programming easier, then it's clearly a mistake to use just one language to write programs. Different languages are optimal for different areas of concern. Rob Pike spent 6 months writing a language optimized for concurrency, then wrote an entire windowing system in just 300 lines. If a programming language is a tool, then people have been advocating doing everything with a hammer. What if we had a way of combining many different languages, so that each area of concern could be written in the language which is optimal for it? I think one of the strengths of Lisp, is that it's its own abstract syntax tree. In some ways it's more like a substrate for implementing other languages than a conventional computer language. What if we had a substrate that let us use multiple languages together? Google Tech Talk on Newsqueak & High level abstractions for concurrency: http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=810232012617965344&#... Alan Kay tried to design Smalltalk as a sort of friendlier dynamic language like Lisp. So instead of lists of things, you have named slots in objects. From one point of view, an ecosystem is the opposite of a vacuum. And yes, you should develop software in one of those. I work in a Smalltalk shop, where we extend and maintain an application that has been around over a decade. During the maintenance part of our job, it would be really nice to have type declarations on variables. For maintenance, the more dependable information we have, the better! The fewer things that can escape as runtime exceptions, the better! Not having static typing makes new development faster, but maintenance is harder. What would be ideal is an optional typing system like Strongtalk. As parts of the system mature, they would become statically typed. This gives us the best of both worlds. A problem with this, is that often the WTF go unsaid in public due to political reasons. My boss is the one who exclaims WTF the most in public. However, he generates a heck of a lot of WTF in private. Also, many of the WTF we generate are actually due to our coding around his WTFs. This is just a restatement of the Principle of Least Astonishment http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Principle_of_least_astonishment As a consultant, I met a lot of people in organizations with very useful (but decayed) applications in maintenance mode who just were there 9 to 5 for a paycheck. They had no interest in architecture or patterns or learning more about their craft at all. To them, it was just drudgery. More shocking, years earlier in graduate school, I met a fellow student who old me, "To heck with understanding this. Just give me the answer so I can get my diploma!" She wanted to go into management. Back in 1997, I met a programming idiot. He was one of those C programmers who regarded programming as a kind of "magic." He didn't understand anything about virtual machine semantics and separation of processes. Well, he moved to Atlanta for an $80k job, which he got through connections from his church, which was also a significant increase from his IT job at a public TV station. No, the labor market is not perfect! I wonder how creationists score on this thing? What about Y^n Combinator? Y^n convinces our client's client's competition's competition to spend time thinking about meta-startups, thus preventing them from producing anything useful, which obviates the need for acquiring them in the first place. But this is only the precursor to Ackerman(Y) Combinator. But even thinking about that one makes my head spin. I still have a T22 with Libranet (Debian) Linux on it. The keyboard light was great! (Much cheaper than a backlit-keyboard, and accomplished the same thing. But I do everything nowadays on my old G4 Powerbook. There are times with a sufficiently high level dynamic language, where you can usefully and quickly pair program your high level design. The ideal platform for this is a desktop on a table (not a concave cublicle desk, just a flat table) with a wireless keyboard. The Electric Company. Spider-Man! Nobody knows who you are! Dell laptops are great if you consider maintenance and repair. I spilled a whole glass of red wine on my Dell Inspiron 1710. Order a $20 keyboard, pull off a piece of trim and undo two screws, do the reverse operations with the new keyboard, and I'm done! It wouldn't have been so easy with my G4 Powerbook! I know, because I've taken it apart a bunch of times, once to upgrade the hard drive. The thing has screws that could be used by watchmakers, and lots of them! IIRC, the application I am working on right now uses 128 bit ids. In fact, I believe that they are just randomly generated. Since each row we fetch is already quite large, the extra 64 bits isn't much of a cost, but the ability to generate new IDs without any overhead or communication between processes is very beneficial. (The app is distributed between as many as 300 machines, all of which try their best to keep in sync with each other in realtime.) We just have to be careful about how the id generators are seeded. Actually, it's not Erlang, but Smalltalk. We don't have to make sure they're unique, that's the whole point. There are far less than 4 billion objects in the system. The changes of a collision are minuscule. The VisualWorks Smalltalk JIT VM is another example. It has been in development since 1989, and it shows. I can write an infinite loop that does nothing but allocate, slip that into someone's image, start it, and they wouldn't even notice! The common practice in Smalltalk is to just extend Smalltalk so that it becomes a powerful domain specific language for your application. Most everything in Smalltalk is just an ordinary message send (procedure call) so any good programming where you Don't Repeat Yourself ends up being a domain specific language. I work in a Smalltalk shop where we get around Smalltalk's lack of Interfaces/Multiple Inheritance with State/Strategy objects. That's not so unusual. What goes against the grain is our eschewing polymorphism in that one situation, instead having case statements for the different object types. My boss prefers that because he feels it's better from a code management standpoint. The rest of us just quietly acknowledge to ourselves that it's not real OO, and play along. Surprisingly, it works well, probably because it discourages us from making those things too complicated. The frameworks/APIs used by those objects have to be clean. This is CueCat all over again? Except that the hardware for reading the codes isn't junk sent out on venture capital. It's just every already existing camera phone. Sometimes their basic science has been lacking. (Compressed air jet-boat was supposed to work by "pushing against the water"?) Though they have been improving, I've noticed. I want a version of Gmail that can run offline on my iPhone. I currently use Gmail, and it works fine with my iPhone's Mail program, but the paradigm shift between it and Gmail is a bit of a pain. iPhone's Mail doesn't have search, and doesn't organize things by thread. If someone at Google can port offline Gmail over to the iPhone, that would be two shades of awesome! Get an old 4GB iPhone secondhand as your test machine. He's right. Anyone who's been a true musician or a true artist eventually realizes that the "products" are just messages. They are not exclusively an end in themselves. They are messages about awareness. They are communications from one life to another. Really, the important thing is the life lived, and the inner life shared. This is why museums are nothing but directories or a table of contents. This is why "intellectual property" is so absurd. A musician's "product" is as much a message as someone's blog post. One hopes that the message is understood and absorbed and possibly re-transmitted with elaborations and new insights. Poor PR is one of the things that happened to Smalltalk. "Don't complain, only code," is good advice. That should also extend to: "Don't Hype." Smalltalk, Java, Python, and Ruby all made the same mistake, however. They started gaining prominence before they got fast enough. We need to stop making the same mistakes again and again. There's no reason why even a late-binding Pure Object language shouldn't run at 25% of the speed of compiled C on many benchmarks. There's no reason why programs in these languages shouldn't be widely known to be faster than naive implementations in C. In other words, capitalism is a treadmill! Even music "in and of itself" says something about the perception of sound. Note that I am talking specifically about "awareness." Not politics or philosophy. If you are a refined listener, then you are aware of these things on at least a subconscious level. I also hate it when artists and musicians spout muzzy-headed nonsense. But there are others who have had their awareness informed by what they practice. Sometimes they even have something good to say in interviews. Sturgeon's law applies here as well. Back in the day, we used to call this the [JustQuit Pattern]( http://www.c2.com/cgi/wiki?QuitSuddenly ) In E. F. Schumacher's Small is Beautiful ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Small_is_Beautiful ) there is a corporation described chartered in such a way as to not get "too large." In this case, "too large" is considered to be more than 350, which was considered by some to be the upper bound for a functional "village." But the particular value of N is not important. What is important is that this corporation was chartered to undergo mitosis and divide in half, forming two new companies with an equivalent charter. In _Small is Beautiful_ each corporation would have a relationship with one being a subsidiary, which would introduce "bossiness." Perhaps the charter could be modified so that neither spawn was subservient to the other? Freakonomics covers this in their book. Realtors are motivated to do as many transactions as possible, so they are not the best negotiators. They will settle for a so-so price to get transactions done so they earn more money per unit time. There is even academic research to support this. Someone should implement Randall Munroe's proposal, so that repetitive and cliche phrases are automatically "demoted" -- which would mean that they appear on the bottom -- with the penalty getting exponentially worse, so it starts out as a mild chiding at first, then escalates. EDIT: Come to think of it, I knew this crazy guy about 10 years ago. He was so gung-ho about being "truly alive" that he tried his damnedest to never say the same 4 words twice. This made it impossible for him to give driving directions! Down voting is too easy to abuse. Reddit was being gamed in this way -- certain users were down-voting everything, which made being a new poster starting out an almost automatic karma penalty of a few points. They've made the down-vote penalty milder because of this. I taught him how to program in Perl, and when I left he was working as a Perl coder for a public television station. He also got married to a very interesting and quirky woman, so don't count crazy antics out. This review irks me. The reviewer seems to have no idea about what contributes or detracts from the performance of different kinds of apps. The most likely culprit for the slow performance is the 4200 RPM drive. The processor and 2GB of RAM should do fine for most purposes. Just having a small amount of extra accounts can make a big difference if you can down-vote stories at the very beginning. This gives the unmolested stories a big head-start. I think that reddit implemented different behavior for the first hour of a story's life for this reason. I agree the author is misinformed, though I also agree with him that relational databases suck, especially if you are doing object oriented programming. I'm not sure what is better, however. Also, most of the corporate world is firmly ensconced in the relational database mindset. This makes interacting with them difficult if you do not also "speak relational." I've been working with Smalltalk, which was Alan Kay's creation. Most implementations are not what he intended -- at one Smalltalk Solutions keynote he excoriated all of us. He said that he never intended Smalltalk to become a programming language. He wanted to create a Montessori toy for the mind. That said, I don't think that Smalltalk as a programming language is that far from what he intended. He just never intended it to stop there. Only one down-vote a week? If you reduce the frequency like that, then that's just another way of weakening down-voting, which is what reddit seemingly did to their downvotes. There is strong scientific evidence that pretty much all "Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity" is just incorrectly attributed anxiety and stress. http://skeptoid.com/episodes/4072 I went to a home improvement store to get some roller blinds cut. I needed these to be cut to exact measurements, because I have trouble sleeping. I bring the blinds to where the machine is and press the button. I note that the blade on this thing is just held on by a screw clamp to a piece of metal marked out like a ruler, so I could get any length I requested. Well, this girl shows up and tries to tell me that the machine doesn't do fractions . WTF? Is our math education so bad that we have people in the workforce who don't want to deal with 5/16ths? How long before it can perform martial arts? Give it a configuration like this one: http://images.rottentomatoes.com/images/movie/trailer/100130... I'm still using a G4 Powerbook. The aluminum mac laptops are a pain to disassemble. The MacBook Pros are improved over the Powerbooks, but you're still dealing with lots of little jeweler's screws. If that's not an issue, then I think Mac laptops are great. Also, do not drop them on their hinges. That won't necessarily break them, but they will get distorted and not close in exactly the same way again. I also own an old Thinkpad T22. I like them as no-nonsense laptops that run Linux well. But if you want something that is just put together and just works, and ultimate ruggedness and graphics card speed is not a priority, I recommend the Mac. Yeah, the design aspect is great. The thing looks great, it fits anywhere, but if you need to repair/upgrade the thing, it's a major pain! More like bad/insufficient data defeats even good algorithms. When we recommend movies to friends, we are often using very different and more useful information than what's in the Netflix database. Better run those old browsers in a sandbox! >When you break it down, Graham's argument from evolution goes like this: our ancestors worked in groups of eight or so, therefore humans evolved to work in groups of eight or so, therefore contemporary humans will be more alive and fulfilled working in groups of eight or so. >In a general sense, this is the logical fallacy known as the "appeal to nature" -- the idea that what's natural is ipso facto good or right. There is no reason to believe this: plenty of natural things are neither good nor right. Paul is not saying that working in groups of about 8 is not "good or right." He's saying that it's satisfying and functional. It's perfectly reasonable to say that something we were evolved to do is something we do well, and something we were not evolved to do, we have trouble with. Satisfying and functional is often good and right, but in my personal system, it is sometimes not. I could start cheating on my girlfriend pretty easily, but that would not be "good and right" to me, though it would arguably be satisfying and functional for me. Sometimes it seems satisfying and functional for me to punch people in the face. The problem with "satisfying and functional" = "good and right" is that both sides of that equation are highly complex, contextual, and subjective. At first I thought it was a search engine for finding virgins. Nope. It's neutral. Roth's contribution is probably not dishonest, it's just shoddy thinking. Paul is not saying that there's some kind of moral or ethical imperative to working in small groups. He just observes that it works well. So there is no fallacy, though I can see how Roth could have gotten this mixed up. Second, it is just silly to try to refute the notion that we might be good at and enjoy anything we might have evolved to do. For one thing, that's clearly the case -- evolution works well. For another thing, PG's not trying to prove anything, he's relating his personal experience and forwarding a theory that might explain it. The fact that people were so bothered by this is the most telling fact. As Abbie Hoffman used to say, if someone ever says something that gets your goat, they struck gold! I am also working on an MMO. It's a space game. My spin is that everything in this game will be emergent. The players can design and play anything in this game, or it will evolve through genetic algorithms. I've worked out how to do most of this. I'm still working out how to evolve NPC ship AIs, but that's not the most important. Also, everything in this game will be scriptable. Users will be able to create programs to control anything, then license those programs to other users to make money. They will also be able to license designs. Exponential proliferation of designs and scripts is prevented by limiting designs per user to some maximum number. Basically, I'm going to make a MMO, where the developers are out of the business of creating content. The users create the most compelling content anyhow. Oh, and the "gold farmers" -- I'm going to have them writing content for me! You can't beat market forces. Better to co-opt them. You can think of this as Second Life in Space, with much easier implementation requirements. I've been named stcredzero for a very long time. Nope, this is the first time I've spilled the beans. Games, tunes, videos. Though you could do these on much less hardware! Currently, I'm using Panda3D, which is compilable on OSX, though it's not supported in teh main branch yet. What I mean when I say that the "users make the best content anyway" is that most people just ignore game-company produced "content" or just figure out how to blow through it to get the items. What takes the place of such "content" is the real content -- players vying against players to achieve their own varied and often conflicting goals. What players have done to me and with me has excited, terrified, exhilarated, and entertained me 50X more than any game content ever has. There are certain elements of "content" for which there will be "structured content creation." Players will be able to design new items. They will be able to play as whole factions if they want. (Using a distinct RTS style of play, controlling an entire economy of autonomous drones.) But there will be no drudgery of missions, no mining, no leveling up, no camping. Only either the action of combat, or the management of wealth generating economies. It will be like Second Life, but everything will be a Ship, an inert object in space, or an Item to be used aboard a ship. Users will be able to design Ships and Items, but only after they have built and supplied a special ship outfitted as a Research Facility and operated it for a certain period of time. Designs will be vetted at first, but this will transition to a Slashdot-like moderation system. The galaxy will be procedurally generated. There will be millions if not billions of star systems. You will not be able to bookmark arbitrary locations in space, however. (Hyperspace is extremely chaotic and changing, so any jump to a coordinate in "Real" space will always be randomized and never precise.) You must drop an item called a "beacon" to be able to warp back to a specific location. A user will only be able to afford a certain number of beacons. Relativity? Not right now. You will be able to fly a ship in "Newtonian" mode, but with a speed limit (due to collision implementation issues.) The ship will also fly in "inertialess" mode which will be like the way ships fly in Star Wars. Performance of ships in "inertialess" mode will be comparable to that in Newtonian, just with less flexibility. One interesting twist to ship design, will be that the shape of your ship will actually change its stats in meaningful ways. For example, if you have a ship that uses armor for protection, then having the hull of your ship angled like an arrowhead will give you higher armor values from the forward direction. (And much weaker from the sides and rear.) Having a ship which is longer will also improve the performance of axial mount weapons. However, increased length, size and mass also have drawbacks, as it will reduce your maximum turning rate and the rate at which you can change angular momentum. Components will require some internal volume, so you won't be able to make an invulnerable Death Pencil. The game will have elements of "space opry" and not just have hard science fiction. I want people to experience the thrill of epic space battles. There will also be exploration and trade. Right now, I'm using Wings 3d for polygonal models as in the old Elite game. I'm not an artist. I'm going to hire one or two artists to make it look good. Player scripting doesn't seem to alienate people in Second Life. Maybe there's something I don't know. Scripting will not be required to play. You will be able to buy scripts from weapon developers, who will finally be worthy of the name. Faction players will need pilots. Their AI drones will never be a match for human pilots in player ships. On the other hand, pilots will need factions -- otherwise it will be hard to generate enough wealth for the very best high tech equipment. I would like to have player avatars in the future. We will start out with ships, however. Ugh. First of all, "protaganists" is misspelled. Second, the word is either misused, or he has people who are like opponents primarily because they do Ruby. Thirdly, he was mistaken about the technical terms for describing what he was doing. All that said, I still find that it's an interesting hack. I really wish that a lot of the non computer-science people I have to work with knew at least a smattering of what it means that something is O(n^2) versus O(n log(n)). In fact, I sometimes wish that programmers who I've had to work with understood! Something like this used to happen at GM. The prestige of engineering groups was proportional to the amount of space they took up under the hood. So every group was incented to make their subsystem bigger and bigger. Some think this is the reason why American cars got so big in the 50's. Another place where Cringely gets it wrong -- Instruction Set Architecture (ISA) does matter in terms of virtualization. He's getting virtualization mixed up with emulation. Unless you can execute a lot of X86 commands natively, you basically can't virtualize in the manner of VMWare. So a PowerPC based chip will be only able to emulate an X86 operating system in software at a significant performance penalty -- unless you happen to re-implement a lot of X86 in hardware. Perhaps multi-platform multi core chips will become the norm? Who knows? Probably not Cringely. Free time is not just a recent thing. Back in our hunter-gatherer days, many of us had tons of free time. Even as agriculturalists, it was common for people to have to devote zero time to work for months on end. At times like this, young people could sing, dance, and play music for over 12 hours a day. There were places in Ireland that were like this in living memory. Good point! SomaFM is a good source. Space Station Soma would put me to sleep all the time while I was playing Eve. Charles Pellegrino/George Zebrowski covers this in _The Killing Star_ (1995). They reason as follows: 1. Any species will place its own survival before that of a different species. 2. Any species that has made it to the top on its planet of origin will be intelligent, alert, aggressive, and ruthless when necessary. 3. They will assume that the first two rules apply to us. So any starfaring species might well destroy another starfaring species -- immediately. In _The Killing Star_ the aliens do so at the first opportunity with high-powered relativistic bombardment. The power that they use dwarfs that generated by asteroid impacts and past mass extictions. They blanket the entire hemisphere of planets with relativistic projectiles! The earth is taken out entirely in just two shots. http://sites.inka.de/mips/reviews/TheKillingStar.html Yes, but we tend to collaborate with members of our own species and enslave/butcher/experiment on other species. Even our relationships with dogs and other family pets can be highly unequal and sometimes downright disturbing. (Treating them as chattel, "putting them to sleep" when it's more convenient to do so.) So this counts against your position in two ways: 1) our only data point indicates that interspecies collaboration is likely to be less than cozy 2) others might observe our treatment of other species and use that to evaluate our potential for hostility. Also, our record with regards to polluting our own environment doesn't recommend us highly as "good citizens of the galaxy." (This was brought up as a possibility in David Brin's Sundiver series.) And this isn't even considering the vast differences in culture and even basic mental models there will likely be. It's far from a sure bet that this openness will extend to us. Also, one can readily imagine how a "innocuous" act from the point of view of one species might be considered a greivous crime by another. (The Ender's Game books are one example.) There is a well known study of Native American cultures in the Mississippi valley where we have access to skeletal remains over many hundreds of years. We can see the health of individuals decline as they made their switch to corn agriculture from a hunter-gatherer lifestyle. In fact, there are considerable increases in disease and a shortening of lifespan. The reason why the agricultural lifestyle won-out was because it was capable of supporting larger populations with ruling theocratic elites who could then organize manpower for military and other purposes. Hunter-gatherers, despite being healthier individually, couldn't compete. How many data points do you have for saying we're not "highly advanced?" I should not have said "highly advanced" and should just have said "sentient interstellar" instead. My discussion is about the future of humanity, not the present day. We are not quite even space-faring yet. Learning from another species' technology is likely to be a largely one-way transaction. Instead of trading warp drive tips, it's much more likely that the "Xarcon" will have warp drive and we will not. (Or vice-versa.) In any case, if the other side has things like antimatter fueled starships, they may still have the potential to wipe out the other civilization, or at least preemptively cause huge damage to it. Why would another intelligent species give up a potential technological advantage without first assuring the safety of their own species? Of course, there are many ways of assuring such safety. In the case of practical warp drive, one way of doing this would be to withhold warp technology and use the intervening time to propagate your own species. Another option might be to absorb the less advanced species into some sort of confederation. Actually, a really savvy species would do both! By SC2, do you mean Star Control 2? Probably not, since this retro game has been available on OS X for years now. http://sc2.sourceforge.net/ A good Ted Talk to look at concerning this is Bjorn Lomborg's talk on cost/benefit and global priorities: http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/62 It turns out there's a huge cost/benefit ratio to solving things like access to clean water, malnutrition, and disease. The cost of tackling problems like this is just a fraction of doing things like adopting the Kyoto protocol, and the potential for increasing the economic potential of many countries is very high. What you're objecting to is a straw man. No one is requesting that you should become a monk. But maybe just a little more energy and resources directed towards global problems might be a more balanced position. There is even money to be earned in doing so. (The Grameen Bank is a good example. So is Dean Kamen's new distiller.) See Bjorn Lomborg's Ted Talk on cost/benefit in solving global problems! http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/62 And lastly, as Abbie Hoffman used to say: if someone ever says something to get your goat, they struck gold! I've also heard the theory that alcohol production was one inducement to settlement. Larry Brilliant talks about a web crawler constructed with modest resources that could find evidence of emerging pandemics faster than WHO. http://www.ted.com/index.php/talks/view/id/58 So there are things that us hackers could do. Another is a Java project for a low cost medical records database usable by hospitals in the 3rd world. Time to legalize drugs. What happens if you take an organization that has all the resources of a large corporation, but put them outside the law? This is what happens. The wild rice gathering practice of current-day Native Americans in Minnesota is a great example of incremental drift into agriculture. They go back to the same patches in the water brush rice into their canoes with paddles, inadvertently spreading the seeds of new rice plants in the process. It's easy to imagine how this could've turned into rice agriculture over time. Clean water is one area where someone stands to make a lot of money and do a ton of good at the same time. And as far as money to charities goes, there's money out there. Figuring out the best way to spend it is an ongoing problem. But it might profit the drug lords to Open Source their methods. Lots of small-time players using very effective methods would keep the authorities quite busy and they could also benefit through the shared innovation. Though I'm not sure if I want to see the GPL enforced through hitmen and car bombings. We already have diverse legal regimes. Africa? China? Russia? Doing it at a cost that people can afford is the issue, especially in the third world. It's a lot easier to make people richer when they have clean water, so they aren't sick from cholera, can safely bathe themselves, and they aren't dehydrated. I started with Slashdot, got disillusioned, then went over to Digg, then Reddit, and now I'm here and have a better appreciation for Slashdot. This experience prompts me to formulate a law: When you start wishing social news site X won't become like social news site Y, it's probably inevitable at that point. (If you think what's below is off topic, then make sure you've read the article and be sure to read all of the comment.) The Clancy Brothers are best known as a seminal Irish singing group, but they started out as a troupe of actors that went to New York to become famous by putting on works of Shakespeare. The folk music craze was in full force, and they noticed that they were actually making more money renting out their venue to folkies than they were making by putting on shows, so they decided to get into the act themselves. They pretty were much like other folks who emulated the Weavers and other popular acts of the day, but since they happened to be Irish, the songs they knew were Irish traditional songs, and so they stood out and became international stars. "Oh well, at least there's still Lambda The Ultimate." Hmmm. How about I start a site called "Lambda teh Ultimate" which does nothing but promulgate bad programming practices, procedural spaghetti code, and Farkish stupitrivia that's somehow still too nerdy for the mainstream? There will be a regex filter that introduces bad grammar, misuse of homophones, to instead of too, their instead of they're, etc... Also bots that the markov chains to post schizophrenic sounding manifestos promising to revolutionize all programming by subsuming everything with GOTO and DB tables. There will be auto-moderation, giving certain users bonus points, implemented by running StupidFilter in reverse. To become a moderator, you first have to prove that you spend more than 9 non-sleeping hours alone in your room a day, and that you still live with your parents. The site will be ad supported, but all ads will be required to be pop-ups that install plugin EXEs. If there are not enough ads, they will be randomly generated from emails in my Spam folder. All of the web design will be generated by using genetic algorithms operating on the corpus of MySpace profiles for users aged 16 or younger. The commenting will be modeled on YouTube from early 2007 and before. Programming languages are as much a social construct as they are a technological one! Python and Ruby are doing tons of things right on the social/cultural side, but the technology was in many ways a big step backwards from Smalltalk and Lisp. The poor performance serves to reinforce the old dynamic language stereotypes. Performance of C vs Smalltalk: A friend of mine implemented some Block Cipher algorithms in Smalltalk a few years back. By working with the VM engineers so he could have a few things (like 32 bit registers with bit-shift and bit-rotate operations) he managed to come close to or BEAT RSA Data Security's reference implementations in C. In once case, the algorithm was 3% faster. (RSA's implementations used malloc/free in a naive way. Great generational GC in Smalltalk was like a custom buffer cache implemented for free.) A company I worked for once has two Smalltalk implementations. Some work was done to host one inside the runtime of another. The hosted Smalltalk has a compiler written using Yacc & Lex which was compiled C. The host Smalltalk has one written entirely in Smalltalk. It was discovered, that if you took the text notifications out of the Smalltalk Smalltalk compiler, it runs faster than the C Smalltalk compiler. Well, for one thing, there are a lot of production Smalltalk applications out there still. Some of them are quite good. There are also a lot of bad implementations out there, but that is true for any language. (Sturgeon's Law!) The Smalltalk Refactoring browser is still very impressive, though it has now been surpassed by Eclipse. It predated Eclipse by some years, however. There are other tools that were developed under Smalltalk that have yet to be adopted by other programming communities. Also, the performance of the fastest Smalltalk VMs has been very good for many years now. Bad architecture will swamp even programs in C or assembly. I'd hazard a guess that you were dealing with that. But you are correct that there are serious problems with many of the Smalltalk implementations. None of these had anything to do with the language, the tools, or the VMs. Rather, there was a legacy of "ivory tower" mentality. Instead of doing very necessary but unglamorous things like polishing the GUI framework (and eliminating race conditions) implementors preferred to do cool things like create new garbage collection options. Smalltalk suffered because community input was neglected, because the same community fostered an elitist culture, because marketing went for an more closed "boutique" approach, and because implementations weren't polished to true professional standards. It would behoove Ruby, Python, and others to heed these lessons. (And I'd note that they've done many things right.) Method name renaming was licked in Smalltalk, even in things like specs (which predated XML, but served much the same purpose.) So long as everything's an object in the image, you're fine. (Excepting goofy things like constructing message sends at runtime.) Things like properties files and pickled objects that left the image -- you aren't covered then. But there's little you need those for that you can't do in-image. This is one place where Unit Tests help nicely. If the group were using Test First, then the zealots would've had to read and revise tests before they rewrote code. They would've been able to read the test code and would've known about the business logic requirements. If they didn't do that, then failing tests would've clued them in. Nope. Unit Tests are specs that automatically verify themselves. Whoever designed this is obviously a fan of Venus Wars: http://www.imdb.com/media/rm705206528/tt0135037 "By the way, (American) English is a very flexible and tolerate language..." Sure, but that sentence immediately marks you as a second-rate English speaker. Many will take that as a reason to doubt your thoroughness in other areas. That's a problem that's been solved with various degrees of legality all around the world from time immemorial. I don't think that'll get anyone to an IPO. It might result in some book and movie deals, a clothing line, or a popular blog. (Heidi Fleiss and "Confessions of a College Call Girl" come to mind.) That's just a continuation of C/C++ anyhow. One of Raymond Smullyan's best contriubtions is his allegory "Planet Without Laughter" http://www-cs-faculty.stanford.edu/~knuth/smullyan.html I like things that encourage people to expand and/or examine their world views. Yes, so long as you don't rig the game to keep them poor. I would agree, for all values of "willing" that don't involve some sort of coercion. For example, if someone is "willing" to pay $100 for a loaf of bread if you have a gun to their head, then I would question the use of the word "willing." Likewise, if a group of people controlled the food market in a region and used that power to force the people to hand over their life savings in order to buy food and avoid death by starvation, I would question the use of the word "willing." As always the question is -- can those involved opt out of the transaction? If the answer is yes, then there is probably no evil involved. I think it would be acceptable if the people were still poor but significantly less so. That's strange, because PG looks less gnomic now than in years past. (To be fair, some may have thought he once looked wizardish, not gnomic.) About frickin time! Good thing Python is cross platform. If they needed a special OS X version, it would be Botox. Can this be used to implement continuations? They should pay the government of Nauru to rent their sovereignty. They can keep the "island" above sea level by building a mooring tower and tie seasteads to it. Their territory can be the 200 mile economic zone of Nauru. Also, there's lots of healthy stuff that can be kept in dry form. (Fruits, Legumes, and grains.) They will also have the ability to keep things frozen. Chest freezers can be highly efficient. Especially if they are not opened very often. http://www.watchtheguild.com/ Here's a webcomic where a guy turns an Apple computer into a blue haired cybernetic hottie. (The concept is stupid, but the execution is good.) http://www.applegeeks.com/ A more informed and informative source on the subject: http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2006/06/random_number_... If you just want a PRNG for a game, then sending the output of a bad PRNG through a hash function like MD5 will almost always give you good results. That would've been better advice. Also, the mouse is a readily available source of randomness which can also suffice for a game. As far as PRNGs for cryptographic purposes, that's something else entirely. (By conincidence, I am going to be writing a game which uses cryptographically secure algorithms to generate random numbers for a procedurally generated game world. (A Galaxy of 400 Billion Stars!) Scott McCloud started a micropayments furor awhile back. http://www.scottmccloud.com/home/essays/2003-09-micros/micro... I think it's time for micropayments. Web advertising is not turning out to be some all-wonderful thing. Rather, it seems to reach the less affluent web populace. If people can directly reward good content, we will eventually see more content people will like. I wonder if there's some sort of fundamental relationship between the powerful elites in every given society and the rest reflected in the graph? Is there some sort of relationship like Boyle's Law for gases? If the PRNG is really bad, then even this won't work. But PRNGs that bad are generally deliberately made that bad. It should be possible to implement "freemium" content using something like TipJoy. All you need is infrastructure that will remember a setting for you where you can set (even smaller) micropayments to be automatic for visits to certain sites. Then the content owners can read your preference and turn on other content. I could imagine doing this for a bunch of webcomics that I read. >...the blazing speed and low overhead of Lisp... Actually, there are some Lisp implementations that leave Ruby in the dust. (Not saying much, I'll grant you that.) There are some Lisp implementations that let you compile code to machine language. sigh yet another clueless spreader of programming urban legend and old prejudice! That happened when I answered pg once. I always thought he just erased my comment because he thought I was a redundant cheesehead. If windows sucks, why are there so many successful...? If Chinese writing is so hard to learn, then why are there so many...? If religious explanations for the origin of everything sucks, why do so many...? Nope. I'm just demonstrating how easy it is to come up with questions that have this structure, but which do not necessarily have the answer, "Because, really, it's actually awesome!" If you equate transhuman AI with godlike powers, then it's hard to argue against it escaping. Then again, I bet I could train a dog to keep most humans trapped in a cave, provided I chain them at the opening. What if the researchers communicating with the AI had no other access to it? What if the physical plant and the administration of the computer systems were off limits to the researchers, and they had no power to release the AI? Furthermore, what if the AI were not allowed to know anything about the researchers? The researchers could be forbidden from revealing anything about themselves to the AI. This would make it impossible for the researchers to publish anything, but let's say that they are working for an organization like the NSA. It would be really hard for the AI to break out. But it would make for a good science fiction book! Less syntax in languages, please. The problem with the Perlish "There's more than one way to do it!" is that one ends up expending extra cycles comprehending semantic equivalence. But equivalence should be a fulcrum -- these are things leveraged to be able to reduce the effective complexity of what we're looking at. Anything that obscures the visibility of equivalence is bad on the balance. We need a word for "being a jerk to people here and then being smug about it" online. I think it's basically the same kind of problem as trolling. It doesn't help the signal to noise ratio of a site by generating another bit of rude noise, no matter how emotionally satisfying you think it is at the time. How is this different from Slashdot? (Other than the submission part) When a Smalltalk image saves, it's very analogous to a Windows or Linux box hibernating. The upshot of this -- you can think of the Smalltalk image as something like an OS that has been "up" since 1980! (With periods of hibernation.) The Squeak image is directly derived from the Smalltalk-80 image. The VisualWorks image has been incrementally evolved from it as well. The thing is a program that was brought up decades ago, and has hibernated, been replicated, but has never rebooted ! Steve is right that systems should never have to boot. You can have a whole OS that operates like that. (The Smalltalk image started out as an OS. In the original ST-80 image, there are 4 primitives for moving the drive head out, moving it in, lifting it off the platter, and putting it down!) Vinge is damn good. I will. Not by the "orthogonal and easy to learn" metric. It's the future as much as VB is the future. Unit Testing works great in Smalltalk. Refactoring Browser handily refactors your tests at the same time you're refactoring your code. I've heard complaints from people using other languages that Unit Tests make refactoring twice the work. There is no excuse for this. If your Unit Tests are just code, then the tools that change your code should just as easily change the tests that use the code. Only moderators can vote. Anyone can be a moderator. But isn't moderation frequency controlled by Karma and meta-moderation scores? (+ 1 2) vs (+ 2 1) is a far cry from "map(lambda x: x * x, numbers)" versus "[x * x for x in numbers]". I call straw man. I am not asking for zero syntax, or that everything be done in Scheme. For one thing, I'm not a Lisper, which you think I am. For another thing, Lisp has syntax, so you are incorrect. For yet another thing, I am decrying Too Much Syntax that encourages too many ways of doing things, not taking a dogmatic stand for absolute syntactic minimums. True one cannot make a syntax so pure that there is only one way of doing something. That's a straw man. But on the other hand, one can make a syntax so complicated that it seems to strongly encourage doing the same thing in many ways. Perl and Ruby are guilty of this. Python not nearly as much, but still more than I would like. Syntactic constructs are a tool. Tools have overhead. Why have redundant syntactic tools? It's enough to get one's head around the problems to be solved. Trust but Verify Garret Hardin's Tragedy of the Commons. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons Or my short restatement: Everything that's free is abused. This also affects Massively Multiplayer Online games as well as Web 2.0 sites of all kinds. It shouldn't surprise you. The search for ways to make $$$ is a part of seeking $$$. (The meta-level, if you will.) As for the people who ^%&#$& things up for free, they are seeking to profit in non-monetary ways. I've also met someone who thought it would be neat to be lumped in with the pseudo-intellectuals, because she thought it was a neat sounding word. How do we encourage true meritocracy? Open Source is one thing that can do this for programming. It enables a programmer's output to be evaluated in detail by all. Blogs might do this as well. I wish there was a voice recognition program for smartphones that kept a running log of uncommon words within earshot. You could then click on the log to go to a definition. (Which would be pre-fetched and cached.) There is a set of skills and body of experience that applies to working on large bodies of code. In fact, there are different skill sets for working on bodies of bad code and good code. The language syntax may be the same, but programming approaches might be very different. I've seen parts of a Smalltalk program where it was coded like spaghetti copy-paste Fortran, and it's actually hopeless to try and fully understand the semantics and still meet your deadline. But I was able to use a few tricks to prove that certain modifications wouldn't alter other functionality so I could get my work done. In the same program, there was well factored code with a nice object model, where it would behoove you to understand the part you're working on in a more conventional way. On reflection, I think you may be right that good code is good code. Size of the system matters most when the code is bad. Leave a tip to vote up? I really like this idea! I think that everything that's free gets abused in some way. (Garret Hardin's Tragedy of the Commons: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons ) If upvotes were micropayments, a lot of gaming would just stop. There would still be individual gaming of the system, but it would be a lot less. The problem would be PR flacks abusing the system. This could be fought with a well thought out Terms of Service and the right social pressures coming from the user community. Even a 10 Gig drive would be tremendously useful. At $30/Gig, this would mean that you could install your OS and one multiplayer game for $300. Lots of people would buy it just for that. Video editing would be another use. It doesn't matter if it's really a commons, or just something that looks like a commons. If someone owns an empty lot that everyone in the neighborhood treats as a commons, then the same rules apply. Without a constant effort to clean them, those places get just as crappy as public parks in exactly the same way. In practice, there's little difference between everyone owning something, and everyone getting to use it for free. You can go through the exercise of building your own hardware, operating system, OO language, and writing programs on the resulting platform. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JtXvUoPx4Qs Everything is virtualized. The software is Open Source, and much of the courseware is available free. The book you still have to pay for, but it's very cool nonetheless. In _The Case for Mars_ Robert Zubrin suggests that the colonization of Mars will have an affect analogous to the colonization of the Americas in the 1700's. Mars Colonization will open up myriad startup opportunities over many decades, if not centuries. There are already $30,000 electric cars with dandy range for commuting. (The Aptera.) These are only two seat, but they would suit my needs just fine. It seems reasonable that this could hit $20,000 if produced in volume. A more realistic goal would be the incremental replacement of internal combustion cars with electric cars. Something like 30% in 10 years would be a tremendous good and would seem possible. I think the ultimate goal should be 85% electric vehicle use. I suspect that there will be a last 15% of uses for which the IC engine will still be the most cost effective solution. This is particularly true for programming languages. What makes a programming language valuable? One factor is the libraries available to it. The more high-quality open libraries available, the better. The more active a programmer community, the better its libraries. It's very similar to what makes any website with a social component valuable. Programming languages are social and cultural constructs as much as technological. 25% is 2.5 times higher than the payment rate for public radio, which is just 10%. Freeman Dyson's brilliant, as usual. His analysis of what the wiggle in the Keeling graph means has profound implications for global warming policy. I've noticed a pattern with the 37signals folks. How to profit on the internet: Make something people want and charge. How to say no: Explain yourself, be honest, and just say no. I guess it just has to do with what you leave out. I've just noticed that there are two "impedance mismatches" in a lot of applications. UI -> Domain Model -> Persistence Most people know of the 2nd one. The 1st one is just as big an impedance mismatch! Most of the ways of doing UIs are not OO. If UIs were OO in a given environment, then naive developers following the path of least resistance starting from the GUI "hello world" would naturally build an OO application. Are there any environments like that? Is Rails one such environment? I guess this is why Rob Pike can spend 6 months writing a concurrency-friendly language like Newsqueak, then use it to write a GUI windowing system in a coupe of hours. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=810232012617965344 There are real working models, so they are not vaporware. They are instantiated-but-not-yet-coming-off-an-assembly-line-ware. http://www.popularmechanics.com/automotive/new_cars/4237853.... Range has been verified, I think. If it hasn't already, the range of the hybrid version will be verified by automotive X-Prize officials. Maybe you could write a Greasemonkey script? You could have randomly generated avatars like Miis. Then you could also assign an image for specific posters that you feel are better indicative of their personalities. He absolutely creams Donald Knuth! http://www.ycombinator.search.xirium.com/cgi-bin/fight.cgi?q... This calls to question the legitimacy of this. Also, it should be Knuth > Iron Man! In grad school, one of my favorite professors accused over half of a class of cheating and ended up failing them all. In a way they deserved it. It was a computer science class in a master's degree program. If students at that level don't know not to submit an exact duplicate of a function, they deserve to fail. I've also encountered students who I thought deserved to fail. One in particular was a criminology student. He spent more energy trying to simulate the "Ah ha!" reaction and sucking up to me than actually trying to get it for real. I kept thinking that this guy was studying criminology because he was trying to become a con man. Apparently, the system had rewarded him up til then for his faking behavior. His point is that the CO2 is not pollution in the same way that plastic in the Pacific gyre or PCBs in Love Canal are pollution. The excess CO2 is like the water from a flood caused by humans. When you want to prevent floods, you need to find technologies and techniques that work with the laws of physics, natural systems, and economic forces. If you're going to build below sea level, what is the engineering required to compensate? Does the cost/benefit pan out? Likewise, if you're going to push the climate towards warming, what is the engineering required to compensate? Does the cost/benefit pan out? This is what Freeman Dyson and the authors he is reviewing are asking. Nature doesn't care about us. But we humans have harnessed nature. Dyson is suggesting that we could do that once again to get us out of the current predicament. Soon, there may well be bacteria that produce it. That would blur the lines a whole lot. The difference is in the fact that there's been a Carbon Cycle for ages, just like there's been a water cycle for ages. Hydroelectric dams use energy in the water cycle. Gravity driven irrigation canals do as well. The point is that there's already a natural system out there that's capable of capturing huge amounts of carbon. Whatever happened to "The power to tax is the power to destroy?" Folks like the author want us to tax the automotive petroleum fuel industry to destruction. But most of us suspect that this won't be politically viable. So just how much "power to tax" is there? The real hurt is the power to subsidize. (Which includes the power to selectively tax less.) Reminds me of the debate between Static and Dynamic typing. I think this is an argument for optional static typing as in Strongtalk. How are "super-carbon-harbouring-trees" any more dangerous than "super-flesh-growing-bovines"? Remember that transportation is less than 1/5th of the US's use of petroleum. Since petroleum will be getting more and more scarce, something has to become the new chemical feedstock. Plants are an obvious choice. You might be able to do that with Stackless Python. But it will be a bit wordier. The difference is that you can't benchmark Ron Paul, George Bush, Barack Obama, and John McCain. (You can look at voting records.) The MacBook Air is slow. Go for Black. And they ruined a bunch of debates on the Internet! North America was overgrown with "super-flesh-growing-bovines" until white men up and shot them all. Miracle game-changing technologies have been endemic in the history of human civilization. In fact, our current level of population wouldn't even be possible without a bunch of these happening. (From the "Green Revolution" of the 60's back to the development of the plough.) This and TipJoy have inspired me. What about making a social news site, a Wikipedia-like site, or a classified ads site where you can read and search all you want for free, but you have to make a micropayment to post? Micropayments would be in "credits" that cost 4.5 cents each. $5 gets you 100 credits. (There's a 50 cent processing fee.) You could also write the Terms of Service such that spamming forfeits your $5. You could even combine this with a TipJoy-like idea and have commenters tipped for every up-vote. (Down-votes would subtract from a comment score, but not affect the tip.) This would kill off the spammers. Paying $5 per spam post would ruin their business model. I suspect that it would also increase the quality of the posts if posters could earn money from their efforts. Would they be willing to pay 50 cents per post? Would they be willing to pay $5 per post? You could write the TOS for such a site that spamming forfeits your $5. Actually, if you never use switch, then that's a symptom of being good at OO. From what I have heard from new Air owners, it's the CPU and the disk drive. It's pokey all around. Compactness is its primary and only virtue. You need an easy way to pass around anonymous functions, or you can't easily implement Don't Repeat Yourself. Result? You repeat yourself and write poorly factored code. Writing poorly factored code is the norm. Sturgeon's law applies here too. That doesn't mean it should be your goal, however. Interesting. This thing seems to have been voted up, then voted down. I wonder if some people have an instant strong dislike of this idea? Well, there are function points/LOC. I guess you don't want to go only on voting records either. But they are important. Unquantifiables are important too. Why Broccoli? Because Broccoli is good for you! Maybe Wikipedia wouldn't work unless you made the whole service "for-pay" in some way. The nice aspect of requiring users to pony up some amount, which then becomes a pool that you make micro-payments from. So you get the gating aspect of a for-pay service combined with the market forces resulting from the micropayments. And yet, the users are really not paying the $5 up front. Wikipedia might well not work, simply because the free one works so well. "Nit-Picking" is indistinguishable from someone trying to clarify what you are saying! This is indistinguishable from the 10 year old just not getting it (because they don't have the first-hand experience) and being so tiresome you don't want to continue. I think this theory somehow breaks down when it comes to sex and sexual attraction. Datapoint: the exaggerated proportions of photoshopped models in magazines and female video game characters. Here's another take: Social News = popularity contest for ideas from idle people. http://glinden.blogspot.com/2008/05/collective-intelligence-... There was some talk about letting multiple images of VisualWorks Smalltalk share memory. that way, you could put the Class Library and all that jazz into shared memory, which would be shared by multiple instances of the VM and image which would hold runtime state and stuff like the account data you mention. If you then wrote a facility to save the shared and non-shared stuff separately and in two different files, then you'd have it. Also, there was a variant of Smalltalk built in the days just before and after the ParcPlace/Digitalk merger that was designed to be usable for writing quick and dirty admin apps. The minimal image was tiny. Something like 45k. In any case, there doesn't need to be any barrier to non-image based development in such a virtual machine. Just about any virtual machine has an image in memory. Image based development is about being able to code in the debugger -- about having absolute runtime power over all aspects of the development environment. If you don't need 100% of that, then you don't need image-based development in any virtual machine. (Because Smalltalk went whole-hog into having this absolute runtime power over everything, even the dev environment, the image became a strange loop, and could not be rebuilt from source due to these chicken-egg paradoxes. But since you already have an image, it doesn't matter. Example: nil is an instance of UndefinedObject, a subclass of Object, whose superclass is nil.) Avi, you guys are seriously going to open up the stuff that's above the VM? I had been thinking about again picking up my own project to put Ruby on top of Smalltalk. I'm envious of your approach with working with the VM hackers to get custom bytecodes. This would be great for getting Ruby to run fast. What of parallel projects on other Smalltalk VMs? It would be good for the Ruby community to have options. Gemstone might want to keep some sort of competitive advantage, however. (Email this userid at yahoo.com. Linkedin is not letting me send you a message, and so fulfilling their policy of keeping out riff-raf.) Actually, it's a so-so example. You'd have to build just a little into the VM to get around it. (All of the classes that are in the loop and nil) Another one is MetaClass. Class and MetaClass are both (eventual) subclasses of Behavior. But the Class of Class is an instance of MetaClass. (I'm confused as to why the Rubinius people have MetaClass as a subclass of Class.) You should be able to marshal out everything in just about any VM. The reason why Ruby and the JVM dont' do this is because it just hasn't been done yet. The whole point of VMs is that they are virtual machines. That virtual model is just data. The VM is just another program. So saving state, then restarting later from that state is quite doable. Image-based development is a very different style, however. Lots of people are in love with their command lines and text editors. It seems to be natural to do GUI-centric programming as in Visual Basic. People like attaching ideas to things that they can see. I think that the real problem is that there is an Impedance Mismatch between current GUIs and the domain. Once we have solved this, then the natural way to program won't conflict so drastically with good Object Oriented practices. I'm not sure if we can get there before we reach the level of GUIs in Minority Report, but I think we won't need quite all of that. CRC cards on 3x5" card-stock are better than UML. Otherwise, I agree. Until GUIs for applications are as natural as passing 3x5 cards around, there's going to be an impedance mismatch between the GUI and the domain. Did you bootstrap a Ruby parser in Ruby into the image? Or did you take another approach? This is just the IA scenario. You don't need to turn off the equivalents of eval and method_missing to get full performance in Smalltalk. Not using them might be advisable in performance critical code in either language, however. Also, the commercial Smalltalk JIT VMs are generally quite a bit ahead of the 1990's in terms of performance. Don't be also guilty of using "common sense." Not only that, but he's revealing his ignorance of how the VMs in question differ. The 1.8 Matz VM traverses a partial Abstract Syntax Tree to interpret. The Gemstone VM is JIT-ing. On top of that, it has better GC. Oh, this is really rich: "However, it seems to me that Smalltalk is far less flexible than Ruby, while being semantically much more machine-friendly." (From the comments.) From my comments: "Oh, and “Smalltalk is less flexible than Ruby?” Uh, no. Any serious language maven will tell you that they are almost identical in many respects, but that Smalltalk wins because you can not only modify the entire library, you can refactor base classes completely out of existence, and you can arbitrarily change the grammar. (And there’s even more!) This is precisely why it’s relatively easy to put Ruby on top of the Smalltalk VM. If you can bootstrap a Ruby parser into a Smalltalk image, the Smalltalk image can incrementally morph itself into Ruby. (And another goal of the Rubinius project is to give Ruby the same level of meta-capabilities already present in Smalltalk!)" PWNED! EDIT: Okay, Sho has changed his tone in his latest comments. I think he just blogged off the cuff and didn't realize how widely read his blog post might be. He even says he's going to check out Smalltalk. A big problem with OO is that most GUI interfaces are not a good match. It's quite natural for people with a GUI builder to start writing a program from the GUI down. Of course, since people tend to like attaching ideas to things that are more concrete, like the window they've just made appear. This tends to produce bad designs from the OO standpoint, however. On the other hand, if people start writing up and passing around CRC cards, they tend to produce better designs. My conclusion is that GUIs have too much baggage from documents. In some important way, they are much worse than 3x5 cards that you can pass around. Once we figure this out, some aspects of programming will improve. It will probably always be hard. You should be skeptical of vendor benchmarks. But being ignorant of how far VM technologies have come and how far Ruby has left to go is not excusable. (Or more importantly, not being self-aware enough to figure out what you don't know, then having the bad luck to get posted on social news.) In any case, most of the time it matters more to programmer's egos now than anything else. CPython is already fast enough for low-level bitwise operations on large amounts of data, provided you are clever with optimizing and you're willing to implement key routines in C. Just look at Mercurial! It's in the same league as Git for speed, and Git is written entirely in C by one of the best C hackers around. If you want something like C, but with virtual functions, then you should look at Lua. It's fast, minimal, and designed to be embeddable. It doesn't start with OO, but you can actually easily build as much OO as you want. In fact, "something like C, but with virtual functions" almost describes Lua. (You have to add that it's Dynamic and Interpreted.) If you're going to be crunching petabytes of 32 bit floats, then by all means, use C or even FORTRAN. Most of us don't have a requirements that stringent, and something like Lua is just fine. Unfortunately, a lot of us are brainwashed into thinking we've got to act like weather simulation programmers, when we're really doing business apps.