Great resource, thanks. But oh man, typography, character sets, CSS3...you are going to have a lot of frustrated developers scrolling through this. :) Not many have a good handle on all three of those AND functional programming, and you know lots of people measure themselves against these lists... I'm a designer who periodically works with ThemeForest themes for my clients. The problem with most of the themes is that they look good but you realize how badly they really work only when you attempt to adapt a site to them. I believe the author's current design is clean, functional, and honest. It won't win any awards, sure. There are some immediate issues with design elements needing a bit more space in which to live. But IMO the most improvement the author can make right now is to improve the book cover. That is practically lost territory compared to the rest of the site's large text and easily-followed bullet points. I recognized the image to the left as a book cover only on my third website view. That's sort of difficult to compare, because you're paying by milestones, but you probably didn't get estimated by milestone, e.g. "if we make it to the 3rd milestone you owe us this much." Your vendor is probably assuming you want all milestones completed. This reminds me of a company I worked for that had a compulsory MSN Messenger log-in policy. Nobody was using it for messaging, but we were required to log in so that management could tell when we were idle/not idle. During my 2 week notice period, the head IT guy started chatting with me and mentioned that the only thing they weren't monitoring was in fact the chat messages sent via MSN Messenger. It was a beautiful two-edged sword and we had lots of fun conversations before I left. I really enjoyed reading that--especially the poem at the end (I remember mentally rolling my eyes the first time I read it, thinking the message was self-evident. But in this context it's just wonderful). I do wish this sort of message could be part of an effective, formulaic prescription that could be doled out to web surfers who are suffering. "Depressed about things? Just keep scrolling down...watch this TED talk, heed this advice, read this article..." My friend who surfs the web all day and who tells me he has his suicide all planned out--I wish he could stumble on these things more often. Maybe instead of a "CSS Site of the Day Award" badge there could be a "Contemplating Suicide?" badge... Another example, I wish I had learned before I became a film major that imagery is powerful, and that our brains can confuse on-screen trauma with real trauma. I suffered needlessly--and that sounds ridiculous and maybe funny, thinking about a film major with wide eyes wondering just what he signed up for--but I watched things that I will never forget, and that have become part of a mental burden I work to release now that I'm a bit more experienced in discerning what I can and can't handle. I guess it pains me to think that while there are things we can do to ease others' pain, there are many extremely simple, almost thoughtless ways by which that existential depression worsens. Watch the wrong film. Read the wrong book. Make the wrong song lyric your mantra. (Wrong...well, maybe inappropriate is a better term; something that takes into account one's personal state) Traditions, cultures, microcultures...transcending that sort of thing is harder than most people realize, and certainly doesn't happen on autopilot. > It isn't as pretty as GA. I know this is petty and that its themeable but the UI was important to me. I explored this too--it turns out that they make money off of the design of custom Piwik UIs for sale. A site license for their white-labeling plugin costs just under 2,000 euro. Now draw a Venn diagram of the people who read the license vs. the people who contact this developer for support >Do I still need a graduate degree in category theory to write to a file? No. > Will I need a graduate degree in category theory to parse the next paragraph in this article? Oh. Um wait, define web developer for me again? I contacted them directly. I visited the site; it's really nice but four s between paragraphs in the summary looks pretty strange. Seems like it might be their system because when I click "Continue," the awkward spacing goes away. Anyway, looking forward to reading more. There's a good amount of platform distrust with Neocities, too, in that it has the feel of a sandbox and gives off the scent of "may go through some awkward growing pains." But what a great idea. Hope it gains traction. Exactly. Once you get any sort of marketing itch, or design itch (wait until the next set of trends really hit home and Medium is caught out), or IA or UX itch, you are going to wonder how much you could have done on your own by now. What was a waste of time about using Jekyll? How much time was wasted? And what is a "dummy" blog? I've never used Jekyll, just curious. I have a friend who attempted to sign up for online therapy via email but was turned down during the intake process because he admitted to having suicidal thoughts. This was a few years ago, so I'm not sure if the landscape has changed much, but he was pretty excited about trying it out and pretty disappointed he would have to get out and push himself to visit a typical brick-and-mortar (? :-) therapist. I discussed the suicidal tendencies a friend had in another comment in-thread, but do you know why it is considered worse than in-person treatment for severe illness? Certainly the friction of online contact is lower for people who generally avoid personal/social contact, which I thought would be a good thing / possibly help otherwise incapacitated people get started. A friend who is a very experienced therapist told me that "10 Days to Self Esteem" was, despite the awful title, the book she recommended most. It contains a testing/evaluation method you can use to evaluate yourself without setting foot in a therapist's office, and functions more like a workbook. Seems pretty cool except I don't want to give the idea here that people should avoid the therapist. As a freelancer, I really appreciated this article. While I know what a startup is, in my actual working experience, a "startup" is often some variant of "the SaaS thing my best client's worst employee wanted us to switch to last month." Otherwise we'd be using the proper name of the business without any regard for whether they are a startup or a farming collective or a couple of floating brains in a sealed chamber. I have also had experiences where I say "I'm a freelancer" and watch peoples' mouths drop open. They think I'm basically Peter Parker without the Spiderman, living on the cheap without a single concern for the future. The truth is a bit of an improvement on that. I pay for monthly consults with a former SV tech executive & INTJ engineer, who helps my inner INTJ learn and grow into a better salesman, marketer, team leader, and negotiator. While most of my stuff is building web things for people, I get a variety of work from traditional illustration to music to 3D modeling. I support a wife and three kids, and we take vacations regularly. I'm not wealthy by any stretch, but people who visit my rental say it's pretty big for NorCal and I get to work in a backyard office with a nice skylight. And every one of my big clients has an IT guy who actually trusts me with their web stuff. Having worked in IT in the past, that's a big deal to me. Someday maybe I'll do something different, but I've been freelancing full-time for almost ten years now, and I've never had a bad year or even a hard year. I don't miss free bagels & juice or XM radio and I definitely don't miss anything that looks like it came from the food section of an office supply store. I don't distrust startups, but I have absolutely no reason to be interested in working for one. The part you mention as difficult took me 5 years to get comfortable with--as in, "ready to start thinking about buying a house as a full-time freelancer." If you are a serious freelancer who wants to make a go of it as a lifestyle, you are selling a result (e.g. beautiful website, better search rankings, lovely illustrations). So when somebody calls you and says, "we are looking for a freelancer," you start to realize that maybe they want some sort of staff auxiliary rather than a result, and they won't respect your boundaries like other clients, and you learn to ask them if they can pay $150/hr. just so you can test the waters. You might even try to recommend that they dial up a college student and see what they do. I did this last week with a furniture company that was about to pay me $600/week for an hour-long meeting and maybe 1-2 hours of web design work. Sooner or later they'd realize they don't need my skill set, and I don't really want direct furniture sales in my portfolio. My job is just to help them out. Lots of long-term freelancers will drop the hourly stuff ASAP too. In this way you'll get freelancers who say, "my favorite client pays me $500/hr. for web design," and they're really just saying they bill by the project. But go talk to those clients--they're typically very happy and feel like they've got a real solution on their hands. >A major motivation for me to move out of consultancy is to make money while I'm sleeping. Actually quite a few consultants and freelancers do this. I've been making money while sleeping, as a freelancer, for the last 5 years. It's actually my favorite part of what I do, and I have an advisor who helps me figure it out as I go along. Perhaps a startup is just another vehicle for pursuing this dream that is better suited to you. There really is that annoying "freelancer???" thing, but I think it's really just a matter of the other party's experience & education. Business consultant. Former tech exec and JPL engineer. He has a pretty interesting past and I'm lucky to have found him. > What's your model, if you don't mind me asking? Retainers, support agreements, platform hosting, template sales, and some simple SaaS stuff. And I just barely became an Amazon associate/affiliate now that one of my apps is picking up traffic, but we'll see how that goes vs. other types of advertising. >Intrigued. If you don't mind me asking, what does he teach you? The most important one has been "tolerating others and, optimally, succeeding with them" since I can be pretty stubborn and defensive when I meet with, say, a big-E social media consultant. I will typically tell my consultant, "hey, I don't know what type of person this is but I need to figure out how to work with them better." The consultant asks me some questions and nails it pretty quick. The tough part is that he isn't easy on me--he is usually sympathetic to the person in question and tells me how I can get my act together. :-) The next most important has been "homing in on others' needs" as I used to really put my tech blinders on and assume that everyone would want solution X. So, more listening, more following up with surveys, etc. After that, I often ask him, "I need somebody to help me with X" so he'll point out that I'm looking for an ISTJ or whatever it may be. In fact we recently went over this for some troubles I was having, and it turned out the MBTI type I needed was my wife :-) So that problem disappeared pretty quickly. Surprisingly I've told quite a few people about this guy's MBTI skillset, and the fact that he's certified, and they are extremely skeptical to the point of saying, "well I don't believe in that pseudo-scientific stuff, but thanks anyway." I think it's mostly awkward because this guy's an engineer; his dad was an expert on ceramic heat shields, and he's done a LOT of work & research to arrive at something that works. But some people who should know better just don't want to listen. > and, well, this is not an area where I want to compete on price. Definitely not, since you are local to them, you speak their language, you can be there to work on their stuff, and you are part of their network which they can hit up to find other useful people. I have several friends who run local IT businesses or do IT freelancing. One thing I've noticed is that it's very easy for them to make enough for their needs by maintaining systems, but they all understand that it's optimal to be seen as a profit-builder. When I was doing freelance IT work (for a short period while my web stuff built up) I noticed that I could often do cursory research on the fields my clients worked in, and easily pitch them on things that would help them out. For example, I would say, "hey, have you seen this new CRM software for non-profits" and "hey have you seen that this web hosting firm offers free hosting for non-profits" and I'd build projects off of that--rolling in a system upgrade, doing in-person training, etc. If I were to go back to that today, I'd make sure they knew that they needed to pay me an extra $ monthly to support the new cool thing. People are used to that and want to invest in profit-makers. Both sides benefit. One thing I can highly recommend is giving your clients "good, better, best" estimates. For example tell them, "I can fix it with duct tape for $, I can keep this from happening again for $$, and I can hook up this cool new solution called X for $$$." You might be surprised how many clients will go straight for the top. The clients who always stick around the bottom will become more obvious about it, and you'll learn to work with them more effectively, too. I pay him. Although the first time we met he told me his goal was to make me 10x his fees back in profits and he accomplished that pretty handily. :) Hmm..this might be enough to get me to try Ruby. Looks neat and I've been wanting to learn the language. I hate dependency plumbing but this looks like it might work out of the (my) box. Back in the 1990s there used to be computer magazine ads for this. The ads included spaces for you to hand-write various letters and numbers. Anybody remember that? Mail it in and they mail you back a font. Right now the publicity--the "Yahoo! is doing something new and interesting and helpful" is exactly what I'd want to see as a shareholder. And as an employee. And as someone with a Yahoo! login. Keep in mind that Yahoo's old enemy at this point is the idea that they are doing nothing new, nothing interesting. This feeling is what necessitates the acqui-hires and leads to new CEOs and low stock prices. Man, how do people do stuff like that in Excel? And does it feel like a design problem that's a good fit for Excel? Just curious. Me too. I use Machform and love that it's not tied to WordPress, because I use ProcessWire most of the time. WordPress...sigh AROS is an Amiga thing, right? What makes you want to run that in 2013? Just wondering what I may have missed, as a former Amiga owner. What machine do you run Ubuntu on, or is it in a VM? What do you like about 13.04? I have it on a machine here but I mostly do 3D animation work on it, and don't really interact much with the Ubuntu-ness. "I don't have to answer that." They can't compel you to answer, but good luck landing that job. Who specified that either one of those conditions was true? If it's an example, let's be honest: If the employer is not desperate they may not respond well to being told that their question didn't pass muster. Real people who are struggling to find work are asked these questions, and real people are being discriminated against by not answering. If I understand this correctly, the guy who started Oakley (eyewear) went on to start RED (the 4K digital movie camera). Now he is bowing out and handing the reins over to a younger guy. And he is annoyed that people get annoyed with him. Anything else I should know? > Shadow profiles of me are showing up on services I'd never use willingly because my friend shared their address book with Facebook. Is that really so bad? The worst I've seen is "this is a picture of John" which is not an abuse that's limited to social networks. And if this happens really often, you can complain to your friend about it. And if you can't complain to your friend, you can complain to abuse. And if abuse doesn't do anything (not likely) you can send a legal notice. To jump from "a friend can mention me, talk about me, etc." to "there is no privacy anymore" is...well, I just can't get there, sorry. Do we have privacy problems? Yes. Are these examples really selling that? No. I can't remember any case in which a friend sold me out for a trinket; if you do have a common example, cite it. That would really help us all here. I'm just beginning to learn about scraping--how common is it for companies (even those with junk APIs or none at all) to take these sorts of actions against scrapers? Division with Roman numerals being a nightmare was not obvious to me. That was my first friction point here :-) > There was a time when numbers like "4/5", "-2", "0", and "√5" made people freak out because we didn't have the symbols to represent them Who freaked out, and how could they freak out if they could not behold these numbers in the first place (i.e. no symbolic representations)? > without drawing a shape that somehow encoded that number Recommend you use "represented that number" because encoding has a strong, separate type of meaning to me. > Now, pop quiz: how do you represent something like "0" or "-2" in this world? If you were a Roman using Roman numerals, how would you represent "4/5"? For "0" I would have made an empty box, out of strings if necessary. For the -2 I would have placed two of the strings in a different location. For the Roman numeral conundrum I would have placed IV and then a line and then a V below that. Now, I just solved your conundrums. Or didn't I? To really speak to beginners it's important to delve into this stuff. So far I have not discovered why our number system is so great, and I don't feel like I'm freaking out about anything in particular. :-) Thanks for your writeup, though. I hope you can turn it into a book for people like me. --Designer guy who is not super great at math > Of course, one downside is that it’s not ideal for people with families. Some of the best people I’ve ever worked with have kids, and unfortunately wouldn’t be able to do this. I have a friend who travels the world with his kids. I'm sure it takes a bit more organization, and they aren't exactly jumping here and there every other week, but man, how I envy those kids. Two thoughts: I'd love it if there was a website or book that discussed these big websites' workings in depth. Not just "here's this cool thing we built and an interview with the tech lead" but "here's how authors enter content" to "here are the problems we encountered while templating" to "here's what we wish we had built-into our software stack". Secondly, a couple years ago I went directly to a "we are really good at Django" web host to try learning Django, but the amount of plumbing required was really annoying. I asked a Django-using acquaintance to send me his documentation on deploying Django-driven apps on this host, and I received a four-page Word document packed to the gunnels with instructions. :-/ I really want to try out Django though so I guess I'll swallow my pride. That "blueprint" in the video is pulled right out of thin air. Sort of the pinnacle of the "we live in a scientific world and I don't know science so I'm making this up as an excuse for my intuition" thing. Sure it does. Similar to roman characters--you can see the green button at lower left is using a sans-serif font. > and now I know not to trust you. Was that part really necessary? How basic, and what qualifies as research? http://thinkinghard.com/blog/AmateurTheoreticalScience.html > In recent times, science has become very professionalised. Many of the steps in the list above serve specifically to maintain high professional standards. For example, step 5 – complete a Ph.D. – is a way of measuring an individual's likelihood of making significant contributions to scientific knowledge. Ah, so that was a response to the commenter's "trust me" remark. Perhaps "why should I trust you over some thousands of grad students," but it's difficult to gauge the amount of thought or research the commenter puts into "trust me," which is thrown around pretty liberally in modern English. When a friend says, "trust me, don't drink the water," and clearly his experience with water was not representative, if you want to keep the friend you're probably better off addressing it as a water quality issue instead of a trust issue. I'd say let the trust subject pass, and probably also save vocabulary like "utterance" for your enemies, or people wearing sith lord halloween costumes, etc. "You [use a highlighter and] break the whole article down into two or three or four or thirty-two sub articles that are basically ideas...and this looks like a regress, but it's only a finite regress, because you this gigantic article and you break it down into a group of simpler, more obvious points, and you keep going until you arrive at the end, and that's a great way of reading about cognitive science without wanting to stab yourself." Will we get to the point where people will be giving the finger to anyone not in a self-driving car, because it messes with e.g. optimum traffic flow? Well, opening the door to view the awesome forest fire in the distance is probably inconvenient. Plus you know...the billboard lobby ;-) I've been forcing myself to use it, but not in an unhealthy way. I just picked up a side project that excited me (new subdomain blog driven by a static site generator) and decided I'd only work on it in Vim. I'm learning lots, because that's all I've got to work with. But I think it's important to consider the circumstances under which you "force" yourself to use it. If I had decided to use it for work, I calculated that I would have lost $300 this week, which is painful even if I earn back more in saved time later. I actually did that with Linux, and the initial loss of efficiency was more than offset later by a functional knowledge of a variety of really cool software packages. This is so true. I was wondering if the service makes avatars for you (if so, what do they look like?), stores them for you (if so, how many at what cost?), or if it sorts them for you, finds them for you, etc. As a graphic designer who clicked: Darn. Is there any imagery or video available that shows the white-hot glow happening? China has a bunch of "UAV" versions of their J-6. Pretty cool looking without a cockpit. http://i.imgur.com/B9yXf.jpg I see a bunch of dark missiles. Where is the glowing white one? If you rethink the description/title, you'll probably be inclined rethink the way you write the articles themselves. It makes me wonder if we'll see a change from "good writing" to "quick, digestible nuggets of information served without nuance" that's even more striking than the current content landscape. When Google makes strong decisions like this, it really opens up the playing field to others who have different ideas and may not even need to court advertisers. I thought this was going to be about all the sites on Tumblr that read like the copy was finalized on a napkin, make you hunt for tiny navigation arrows, and yet end up being full of some pretty cool stuff that shows up in Google results. Edit: It's still kind of a cool idea anyway. I recently contacted a guy about his Perl-driven site to ask him how the plumbing worked, just because it looked like it was still going strong based on code that was written in 1995 and maintained to this day. There's something cool and comforting about seeing sites that aren't powered by Node or Wintersmith or some other zippy new thing--especially if they have become really popular for some reason or another. Great. I really hope that like 100% of jerk drivers do not find out about this. Never let people merge in front of you...geez man, really? Trigger alert: Experiments on animals > OSS probably made me a humbler developer, too. I know what it means patching even small portions of code and I’m less harsh when posting bugs on others’ repositories. That's definitely going to spill over into his day-to-day life, looking at my own experience. And such behavior does make you a better person. Agreed. Thank you for writing stuff I agree with. I wish he could have given better examples of this phenomenally performant system-oriented mindset. I came away with more questions than answers, the biggest question being "why can't we substitute one extremely general term (system) with, say, an amalgam of three descriptive ones?" Yeah, not sure why it's not throwing a bunch of jQuery errors in the console Those stools...where do you put your knees?? Very nice to see a blog post with this headline that isn't full of sarcasm or finger-wagging or self praise. It was a good reminder to me that positive messages, simply put, are worth the little time it takes to write them. I need to keep more of my own rants in my drafts folder. :-) Thanks Guido! Same question here. I hit all kinds of keys and didn't see any difference. The author has been writing his honest feelings about things for years. He has gained a lot of trust for doing that. It's not spam, it's a product review by a guy who is known for being honest and generally a good person. For artists and designers it's also important to see reviews by actual artists and designers rather than people who may not have been compensated for their reviews and only review published specifications and an hour of light, purposeless mixed use. So Ionic is big on AngularJS...is AngularJS pretty hard to learn? It seems complicated. Say if my only framework experience was a few blogs with Python and PHP frameworks plus some average JS & jQuery experience. What a great article. I loved the Chinese idiom too (or whatever you call those four-character things). It's funny, I was watching a video on this today: http://www.wimp.com/getfit/ That made me feel a bit more realistic about life. :-) When you say, "WTF is happening," are you asking if there is some new and unique DDOS situation underway? I couldn't tell if that was the case (or if this is a pretty typical daily graph) just by looking at the linked site. >> if programmers don't > Every single part of that statement is false. Your programmers should be Uhh...you're saying they "should be worrying" and he's saying they don't have to be. Those are not mutually exclusive positions. > As far as more features being helpful when you use them and harmless when you don't, well, that's inaccurate too Second time you made a statement after this fashion--I see the pattern. Your position is that Spolsky is not allowed to write about things that other people do that are wrong. > So no, I don't think bloatware is a "mental health problem". I think it's a real issue Pretty sure Spolsky feels that way too! What an argument. >>Google says - no can do, you can not be anonymous with us. Where does Google say that? Is it as direct as you put it, or is it to be inferred from a constantly changing variety of experiences with Google services and settings? >> The solution is not to read absolutely no news at all. A question: What makes you think so? I've gone months and years at a time without reading any news; it's a fantastic feeling, and if something is really important you'll hear about it from a friend. Just as "read less HN" may not be applicable to everyone, "you should probably keep reading the news" may not apply to others, or at least others may have had positive experiences quitting the consumption of news media. Scary, I know ;-) I use (hourly) both regular GMail and apps for domains, and I haven't noticed anything like that. A minute to open an email seems like it would be really noticeable, too. Jamiroquai but no Incognito? How do these people sleep at night? ;-) VLC can do many neat things, but I never, ever saw it as a replacement for Winamp. It's more like a toolkit, or at least the multi-tool you fall back on to do a variety of things. Just got it running with the D-Reliction skin using Wine in Ubuntu. Then the first song it picks on shuffle is all, "numa numa yey"...haha, man, I'll bet they've had so many downloads today. lol I ended up seeing a lot of glitches too, to the point where the player buttons stopped responding. I might still run it in a Windows VM. The lite version seems OK though. One of the key "all is well" arguments here seems to be that Google could lose a significant chunk of search/ad market share by losing Firefox to Bing. Are there any "danger, danger" arguments that directly address the amount Google spends on Firefox in relation to the market share it gains in return? This TNW article seems keen to point out that Firefox is wearing a shiny pair of handcuffs, but conveniently leaves out the other half of the equation. This coverage is going to get him more than 8KE worth of blog visitors. Particularly the "hey, this little blogger was sharp enough to uncover some real weird stuff on the part of SG" angle. Blog readers eat that up. By "little blogger" I don't mean to compare him to other bloggers. I meant that he's little in comparison to French banks. That was really fun to read and consider. >> We can produce a vision of the web that isn’t based on: consolidation privatization power hierarchies surveillance Is our current vision of the web really based on those things? Crazy to think about. What is it about this quote that makes you feel it should be cited throughout future history? Just curious. Media reports relying on materials that Snowden leaked should credit him by name within the first two paragraphs, and he should get credits against potential U.S. jail time for every article of this kind published to mass media. I don't like that millions are reading headlines and going, "holy cow whoa geez" and lining up their political thinking accordingly, without ever knowing that Snowden, completely locked out of the U.S. or any western country at this point is the one who provided the information in question. The buried story here is that somebody is running e17 and there's no screenshot of the memory analyzer UI doing a backflip. I'm familiar with some similar situations here in California. Families where codependency somehow pulls everyone together despite struggling under the yoke of alcoholism, mental illness, early pregnancies, physical and sexual abuse by various in-laws and other distant relatives, etc. You can pull the children away from the parents, but all of the teaching remains and the children go on to slide into the same situations. Those who get out of the cycle (which actually happens more often than I expected) seem to need every resource that their communities provide, just to stay afloat. The author of the article seems upset at the city government for their finger-wagging approach toward forcing the homeless along some path to success, and I would just add that when winter comes around and people still aren't moving up your ramp to success, it's time to err on the side of charity. https://wiki.theory.org/YourLanguageSucks Other groups of people who are "set upon from all sides": The poor, members of minority groups, politicians, attorneys...well actually this list keeps on going. My Hardest Kick (dolflundgren.com) The Stasi perfected the technique, but that doesn't mean that anybody who uses it is on par with the Stasi. Psyching people out is natural human behavior. Heck, even Arnold Schwarzenegger figured out that stealing Mike Katz' lucky shirt before a competition might take off a few points. Applebaum is probably less worried about his stuff being moved around to harass him and more worried about obtaining new computer hardware and a new place to live at this point. I really doubt that the main purpose of this attack was harassment. >You cite that guy as some kind of super centered human? Where did I do that? >And you tell us it's not harrassment... just astonishing. Just no. Again you misread me. It may be harassment, but what was my point about harassment? Read again please. > if use of the technique (and similar) is why the Stasi is as maligned as it is, then surely using the technique does put you on par? So, if the Stasi does something, and it is the reason they are maligned, and I do the same thing at all to any degree, you're saying I'm on par with the Stasi? Please help me understand your sentence. >What would it take to put you on par then? Well, let's back up and look at the sport of golf, where the term "par" is commonly used. If I play the game, I'm golfing. Does that put me on par with Tiger Woods? No. In order to be on par with Tiger Woods, I need to be right up there matching Tiger Woods. The argument that the _use of a technique_ puts the invaders (whoever they are) on par with the Stasi is fallacious. If you want to use hyperbole, go ahead. But don't claim it's logical just because it feels good. > Is there any evidence there ever will be? Yeah, I think the story was posted here recently. They signed somebody but can't say who it is yet, just that they're "big". There were some hints that the appeal had to do with Android being a big deception built around the "open" concept. As a mostly-hobbyist 3D artist, I'm already feeling really left out when I look at my relatively poor GPU vs. the capabilities of the rendering software that I use. If this fever has already started to seep down to my level, I certainly wouldn't predict against continued growth of the GPU computing world. I thought this post by the developer of Cheetah3D for Mac was interesting: http://www.cheetah3d.com/forum/showpost.php?p=79977&postcoun... He's basically dumbfounded by the current situation :-) ------------- SEEKING WORK - Based in Northern California ------------- Marc Carson Email: marc[at]marccarson[dot]com Skype: friendlyskies Web Work: http://www.marccarson.com/portfolio Illustration & GFX: http://www.flickr.com/photos/porkfriedrice Other Creative Projects: http://www.friendlyskies.net ------------- Web Design / Light Development / Illustration Currently scheduling one to two months out ------------- Specialties: ProcessWire CMS Builds CMS Builds for Small- to Medium-Sized Businesses Visual Design (Including Responsive Design, CSS Work) Logo Design Typography Illustration Semantic HTML5 and SEO work Responsive Support Video Training for Business Staff ------------ About Me: I have been building websites since 1996. I love the way a strong, lightweight CMS turns a website into a platform for integrating all sorts of fun ideas and technologies. I estimate that I have helped create 25 new jobs in the past 5 years by building custom CMS workflows that help my clients move their marketing and business tasks online. Most of my clients like keeping me in a webmaster role, as I am a strong generalist and can suggest and manage third-party resources where needed. I am an award-winning "full-stack artist", draw and design like an animal, and get high marks for aesthetic design work from my clients. I'm also a former college-level instructor, and my clients like the way I give friendly, helpful support. If you need strong visual design with strong thinking behind it, from someone who is technically-minded and can contribute with code as needed, that's my sweet spot. It seems like the "from around the world" part isn't really up and running yet. I expected to see some of my local SF Bay Area ISPs on the map, but it's only showing some European ISPs right now. Further I wondered what the qualifications for DIY might be--individual-level shared networks or the typical small business thing? Next I wondered why it was so important to know about FDN attending some conference, vs. spending more time explaining in basic terms what they do and what they plan to do. Anyway, seems like a neat idea. Does sync really work well for you? I had crazy problems syncing Tomboy in the past, but that was ~4 years ago. That's exactly what I do. I go through lots of Miquelrius notebooks like this one: http://www.amazon.com/Miquelrius-Wirebound-Notebook-6-Subjec... I use Freemind sometimes, too, for example when I have a huge project in front of me and I need to get a quick sense of the various parts and their sub-tasks. I apply little icons like a bomb with a lit fuse for "waiting on client", green checkmark for "done," etc. I've never paid that much for one, but if a local store sold them I'd be more than happy to oblige. They are very thick as notebooks go, so I get a lot of use out of them. I know what you mean about the pen thing, too :-) I review pens and pencils from time to time on my personal site: http://www.friendlyskies.net/category/stationery/ My concern is more along the lines of a sudden injection of tons of energy causing the CentOS ecosystem some extreme growing pain. That could filter down to individual service providers' servers becoming less reliable or even just needing more frequent attention, which would be painful enough. If you have a web presence of your own and run analytics software, it's probably easy to check if your doctor googled you. In fact, several times I've met with people who told me "I saw your site on the web before!" when I already know that they googled me last night and viewed three pages on my website. It's tempting to follow up with, "how do you like your Android tablet with 1920x1080 resolution running the Opera browser?" One of my worst clients told me at our first meeting that he had viewed every single page on every website I ran, and he had this habit of starting off subsequent meetings by saying, "I reviewed every single page of the development site," etc. when the logs showed in each case that he had viewed at most three or four pages. It appeared that he was using every possible tactic to absolutely dominate any discussion or potential negotiation. I finally called his previous vendor and determined after a short discussion that the guy was a big liar, and helped him find a new vendor shortly thereafter. A toaster oven with small bread pans also works great and is more versatile for about $10 more. Among other things I made sweetbread this way for several months when I was in college using instant pancake mix mixed with cracked wheat. > Do you think the NSA, or whoever else for that matter, would actually care What made you think that's the point of this? This isn't about convincing the NSA of anything. >Why does it need to be an all or nothing proposition? This can depend on personality, circumstances, etc. IMO if someone is stuck in a rut and decides the only way out is a complete polar switch, good for them. At least they are making a change for what they feel is the better. They might already know that they don't do well with half-switches and tend to fall back into the same orbit. Or they might just be really overwhelmed in general and find the feel of small yet firm changes appealing. It can be annoying to have to put up with others' all-or-nothing viewpoints, but it can still be useful to appreciate that their perspective might be informed by experiences that differ from our own. My wife does the bookkeeping for my business; she has the perfect personality for it, being financially minded and very much a details person. She was second-in-command to a CFO back when we were both working for other companies, and the CFO told me once that she basically ran the entire company's finances for him. I definitely wouldn't call this outsourcing so much as a huge lucky break. Every time I see her updating our accounts software (she prefers the simplicity of AceMoney to Quicken), I feel relieved. Lately I've thought a lot about this: If I didn't have a tax person, a bookkeeper, a good freelance web developer friend, and a business consultant, I estimate that I would have gone out of business (a third time) about five years ago. The first and second times I failed in my businesses I had none of those things. Now I'm finding even more people to share the load whenever I find myself "in the grip of my inferior function" (Meyers-Briggs talk). The alternative seems to be depression, anxiety, and everything that comes with that. Man, tough read, having been away from academia! I tried to write up what would be, according to the paper, pretty much the most effective Kickstarter pitch ever: "We are domain experts on Christina Aguilera, and we've teamed up with one of the top production teams to shoot a full documentary WITH her participation!!! We're so excited!!! Everyone who has pledged will get our incredible supporter rewards package. In addition, when you sign up at level 2, we'll mention your name in the credits and you'll receive two VIP tickets to our premiere. That's right--you'll be able to hang out with tons of top industry experts and performers! We have spared no expense and our friends in the industry are excited to see the result. This option won't last long (expires on February 1) so grab the chance to lock in these extra goodies while you have the opportunity. All that plus the good old-fashioned karma you'll receive by being a supporter. We've also learned that a wave of people from website X just pledged. This is so incredibly humbling and awesome! Your pledges will go a long way toward enhancing the creative potential of people everywhere. Thanks also for your support and encouragement on Twitter, Facebook, and every other social network where we have a presence. I'm off to feed my cat and tell him the good news. Thanks again everybody!" It may also help if you're what's known as an "outward introvert." This topic is discussed in the book "the highly sensitive person" where introverts are basically dissected along the lines of "outward" and "inward." I would consider myself an "outward introvert" (like an extrovert except I pay a bit more dearly for it after the fact) and have no problem with public speaking, teaching, etc. I have a good friend who is an "inward introvert" and she avoids anything even close to speaking to a group. Things that help me with public speaking when I don't wanna: 1) Extra sleep (a nap an hour before the speaking opportunity kicks in just like medication) 2) Extra preparation (50% more material than I can address in the time allotted) 3) A conversation about any nervousness with my wife (but any close friend ought to work) 4) Calming music just before the event. (BTW, all of the above would even apply to a simple bike ride, for someone with real social anxiety) My dad used to give public speeches about two to three times each month. People were continually inviting him to speak more about his areas of interest. I asked him how he got over his nervousness. He said that the best way is to get yourself in a position where you have to get up and do it over and over again. That made me laugh. If you have to start in front of a class rather than a "real" audience, maybe that's more comfortable, but either way you've got to accumulate the experience. "Seemingly overnight, [San Francisco] has filled up with phone-scrolling, blank-faced wanderers (particularly in my neighborhood). I prefer a taco to a vintage glasses store any day." I guess all those people I follow on Tumblr aren't real artists :-( Thanks Joel. I use a slightly similar, more general framework--I only write down tasks that take less than 2 minutes to accomplish, and I never write down a task without a time estimate attached. http://www.marccarson.com/articles/how-i-keep-myself-on-targ... What about purchasing DDG? Is that off the table? I don't know much about how that might work. Why would they do that? It seems like disabling IMAP would drive away huge numbers of users and give their competition more advantage. Whoa, that's even better than I thought it would be. Thanks. First, watch this webinar or get Mike's book. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oJ7WHuvdsjI It's a powerful combination of principles and elements of design that should leave you feeling ready to head off in more specific directions. OK, let's say he shells out $50 CDN for an OpenBSD 5.4 CD from the OpenBSD website. Will installing that solve this guy's specific problems? He didn't mention SSH, firewalls, or elegant mail servers, so I thought I'd ask. As a designer, this reminds me of "men, here's how to talk to women." Funny. The term is still in use; I think it's usually meant to imply a deeper level of ownership, a la sysadmin. A few times a year people contact me saying they need a webmaster, and the way they describe their needs, I wouldn't say that "developer" really covers it. Google fonts is incredibly frustrating as soon as you look beyond skin-depth. For one, it's annoying to use Google Fonts for professional work, because more often than not the font you want to use is available in only one weight, or it's missing an italic style, etc. So, you walk in thinking you're going to come out with a terrific type solution for your client or project, and you walk out realizing you are effectively being upsold by a type designer. Not that it's a terrible thing. Now, let's say you look at the full catalog of commercial fonts. What's happening is a sort of acceleration of fashion. No sooner did the squared serif font come into style than it is on its way out. People are designing new fonts, other people are enjoying the new stuff, and the old stuff gets pushed out (not completely, ever, but enough that your average designer starts to really get annoyed seeing the same old fonts). So this tool is probably a great thing--it should help boost the industry and it will also put more downforce on the value of the same old junk that has been around forever. So if you are really OK with standard fonts, or plan to use free fonts forever, there should be an increase in the amount of that stuff that is available for you to use. This should also help commercial fonts take hold. People will start to notice fonts more, and they will start to understand the difference between the amount of work that goes into paid fonts vs. unpaid. Fonts are not a solved problem by a long shot. > Fox News and CNN are not any better Yes, they actually are. Imagine if Fox got state sponsorship, renamed itself to "America Today" and set up shop in Russia, trying to create viral pro-US content under a generic "AT" banner. Even people here in the state would go bonkers over it, and many of them would be Fox audience members. You can say there's propagandizing going on, but to really examine the two next to one another there's no comparison. > You think you exactly know what's happening in Ukraine and who's to blame? I wouldn't be that sure. I think that's a broader point that doesn't stick anything to any particular news agency either. IMO if you want to say people should back up and examine the news more closely, you shouldn't do it from a shaky "all is propaganda at the same level as RT" podium. The MiG-31 and Viggen stories have a lot of shaky details, like whether their AAMs could have even reached the SR-71 with 20K vertical feet left to cover, etc. Radar lock notwithstanding. Now the story of the ballistic climb with the Lightning seems cut from the same cloth, with even the current Wikipedia reading "88,000" yet "trading speed for altitude." What does it really matter, when a mach 2.0 craft like the lightning reaches 88K feet, yet is trading speed for altitude? The comments on the article are enlightening; for example: "The multi-component surveillance mission never, ever, reported any "lock-on" by any aircraft, from any nation" Hmm... Flashback, 2008: Intel Employee Caught Running OLPC News Site http://news.slashdot.org/story/08/01/12/1424209/intel-employ... The comments there are enlightening. It seems the website (the very website linked here) was established in order to spread mostly-negative news about the OLPC. The main author was in a partnership with Intel. Intel had (has?) a competing product aimed at education: The Classmate PC. So it's no wonder this is the first site to report "OLPC is dead." Maybe it is, but it was a worthy humanitarian project and some paid shills were strafing it from this blind for its entire lifecycle. Edit: Seems like about half the articles on the site are laughably negative. Pretty great wolf-in-sheep infowar here. I organized one of my bookcases by spine color. It's a really easy way for me to find books because I can just think of a book and the spine color comes to mind. Furthermore, because the colors are grouped, my eye goes to the right section instantly. This may not work for everybody, but I love the speed of access and the way my bookshelf looks as a result. Edit: I have done this with my icons in the past, too: http://flickr.com/photos/porkfriedrice/3753844018/ How much of your productivity gain from the 3x32" screens is attributable to extra space for persistent applications (i.e. always keeping an IDE open on screen N)? Just curious. NSA is a given if you are using the internet , and it seems like Google _may_ be a given depending on your circumstances (i.e. did you just steal their stuff, etc.). So what else should be stopping this person with high technological competence from using Gmail? And what alternative do you use that's better? Really curious. Websites that hackers enjoy looking at often use bright colors overall + blue + stricter hierarchy than most (e.g. lots of boxes and a firm plan for nesting information). You might also enjoy: http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/ Blue has been discussed to death, and bright colors are never ideal to everybody, but the sense of hierarchy is the standout requirement to me. Hackers can't get enough of it. I'd guess this is because of the typical ST personality type (Meyers-Briggs). If you're making edits directly to source pixel layers (or even making duplicate flattened layers and working on those), you're doing it wrong. That seems like a rather absolutist statement. I work with PS CC and its great features all day at work but I guess I still remember the fantastic work that was done before those features existed. I have colleagues who still edit their photos using the apparently-despised techniques you mentioned, and despite "doing it wrong" they manage to make a great living off their photography work. When I was teaching PS at my local college, I allowed my students to try out alternative software packages for extra credit. Some of my brightest students walked away from those classes happy that they could do everything they needed to do with GIMP, even though they knew all about non-destructive editing. > I can think of plenty of examples where I've written up intricate math notes and made them into blog posts that never got any page views because they were so hyper-specific He's probably talking about a certain set of topics that he knows are of general interest. With that said, if he could make them more interesting to the general public by adding a few lines of context, I'm sure he'd do that too. Back in 1995 I went on a Boy Scout camping trip with a couple of scout leaders who were absolutely addicted to Steven R. Covey and who knows how many other self-help books. One of the leaders was a surgeon; the other, a business leader. As we listened to them giggling and comparing Covey notes in their tent late into the night, we started to make up our own special set of jokes about synergizing and win-win situations. Today, I think there really is something to all that Covey stuff. But I try to remember that not everyone around me really gives a care, and they still seem to get things done just fine. The Facebook part is right. The Twitter part really depends on what "go to" means. They may not scroll back far enough to see your last post, and thus may not see the post at all, but I believe it's shown in the feed of 100% of your followers. I'd be interested to know otherwise. My own reach through Twitter is about half as good as it is on FB, and I have followers who seem way more interested in what I do than my FB fans. On FB, I seem to have way more success posting things personally than I do on my business page. Edit: I post my stuff to Google+ too, especially groups that seem like there's some interest in the subject of my post. I'm happy enough with the results (from my analytics) that I'll keep doing it. Facebook is right in the middle of pissing off just about everyone with a FB page, and Oculus is all excited about advancing VR by pairing with Facebook. Seriously, a simple geek campaign like "let's call it the Facebook Oculus from now on" would probably have a good chance at destroying the project. It's not that I personally have anything against either FB or Oculus, but it seems like a huge business risk to everyone involved. The one point that sticks out as a plus is the "this will advance VR no matter what" point. You can safely bet (probably) that this will contribute to the future of VR. Funny, I was doing some work in iTerm2 today and I found this really nice reference for OS X: http://ss64.com/osx/ "A-Z Index of the Apple OS X Command Line" The new one for me today was "ditto," which I immediately googled to see if there was a linux equivalent (there is, and it seems to be 'cp -Rp --parents src/ dest/'). Edit: Compared to the OP link I like that it doesn't truncate words arbitrarily to wrap lines :) Edit2: Lo and behold, a bash version: http://ss64.com/bash/ ...and a Windows version! http://ss64.com/nt/ I like to see that. Useful site, with more at http://ss64.com/ (no relation to me) More Super Soldier stuff. I was reading in a book by a Green Beret who served in Vietnam, where he mentioned a new type of grenade launcher they received that had a faster rate of fire than the standard one. I thought, "oh this is going to be exciting, he's leading up to something here" but what the author lead up to was a description of the extreme strain on the guy who was lugging the thing around through the hot jungle. First he begged to be allowed to bury the extra grenades and then after doing that asked (IIRC) if he could just leave the weapon behind--they were being pursued by Viet Cong. Ever since I read that, I look at the Super Soldier stories in a different light. These guys are alpha-testing stuff that could just as easily get them killed. Having worn contacts I can only imagine the type of reaction this might get from someone who has served in dusty or polluted areas. Edit: Didn't mean to sound grouchy :D http://www.w3.org/Math/DTD/mathml2/xhtml-math11-f.dtd"> xmlns=" http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"> file was converted to xhtml by LibreOffice - see http://cgit.freedesktop.org/libreoffice/core/tree/filter/sou... for the code.--> http://dublincore.org/documents/dcmi-terms/"> http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8"/> - no title specified http://xml.openoffice.org/odf2xhtml"/> name="DCTERMS.issued" content="2014-04-10T12:09:56.750408000" scheme="DCTERMS.W3CDTF"/> http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/" hreflang="en"/> http://purl.org/dc/terms/" hreflang="en"/> http://purl.org/dc/dcmitype/" hreflang="en"/> http://purl.org/dc/dcam/" hreflang="en"/> @page { } table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show } td, th { vertical-align:top; font-size:12pt;} h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both } ol, ul { margin:0; padding:0;} li { list-style: none; margin:0; padding:0;} li span. { clear: both; line-height:0; width:0; height:0; margin:0; padding:0; } span.footnodeNumber { padding-right:1em; } span.annotation_style_by_filter { font-size:95%; font-family:Arial; background-color:#fff000; margin:0; border:0; padding:0; } * { margin:0;} .P1 { font-size:12pt; font-family:Liberation Serif; writing-mode:page; } .T1 { font-style:italic; } .Endnote_20_Symbol .Footnote_20_Symbol { } I don't get the point either. Plus, Markdown has its own set of annoying rules. Most software will already export to HTML, too, like LibreOffice. Nice work, so glad to see someone doing work in this area. Thanks for sharing it. It was a little disorienting (as a novice Vim user) to press return after labeling a node, only to create a new node, which then remains as an empty node after I switched back to normal mode. But for all I know, that's the whole point of...something :-) They have a Visual Design Engineer position? That's unique. My high school art teacher absolutely hated Bob Ross, and routinely encouraged us to look beyond symbol and watch out for "happy little trees" appearing in our paintings. But somehow I can't fault Bob Ross even now that I'm doing professional graphics & illustration work, and maybe the last line of this article explains why. There was a bigger picture and a more substantial social contribution that didn't really have anything to do with the art style. I had a frustrating moment while using my video camera in Sicily where I couldn't back up any further, didn't have my wide-angle lens, and decided to just shoot & stitch later. Hugin did a great job turning the slices into an acceptable (even if imperfect) shot later. https://www.flickr.com/photos/porkfriedrice/4076794508/ leviathant is correct. My art teacher started each beginner class with a survey that asked students to draw "a house," "an eye," "a tree," etc. He then compared the typical student's drawings with real photographs by pointing out the differences in proportions, "you couldn't even walk through this door," etc. In general he related things back to symbol vs. reality, the way the brain falls back on abstraction and its unique symbol-vision, and then showed us how a study of proportion and negative space gave us more practical creative power than we had back in symbol-land. He would put a bunch of chairs and objects on a table, wrap it in plastic, and say, "let's all draw that. Start with the negative space." This all goes back to Dr. Betty Edwards' works. In my experience I was even better at analyzing and approaching cartoony, symbolic styles after this practice than I was before. Edit: Getting back to your question :) I think my art teacher was annoyed by an attitude of "how cool is Bob Ross--look, he's sharing his tree technique where he uses a fan brush," kind of squandering (in his opinion) an opportunity to finally show the public how to see, an opportunity to equip them with useful mental tools for approaching any kind of art. Like any other element used in well-designed communication, the stock photography choice should be appropriate . If you live in Japan for any serious length of time, you might start to yearn for more handsome white guys in your ads. (Plus what's this stuff about old, fat, and ugly? That's kind of a weird one to see in a post here.) > will probably persist almost unchanged for months The real test of the service will be sites that require constant changing (due to SEO rewards for timely updates as much as upgrades or general content management). When I hear "probably persist almost unchanged for months" I assume you are not in a position to benefit from marketing communication. Bravo. There's also something to be said for persuasion through friendship and tolerance. E pluribus unum and all that. There are many different textures in a good melting pot. ProcessWire is really great. Some people complain that it doesn't have quite the off-the-shelf setup of pre-made modules for e.g. powerful e-commerce or super easy theming, but I think regardless it's an example of the way a CMS/CMF should be written in the 2010s. In fact I approached a developer of one of the early CMSes that is still hanging around, and he was quite interested in migrating to PW as a content management framework backend rather than using an application framework. The CMS part of ProcessWire is built upon the ProcessWire content management API and it's easy to build your own custom back end if you don't like it. With a content management framework (such as PW), so much has already been done for you that you start to wonder why you will ever need an application framework. Of course, application frameworks are very useful but CMFs are not to be missed out on. I just finished writing a project management system using ProcessWire and it's been a lot of fun. Like building-with-Legos fun. I hope to see clones or variants appear in other languages as I'd happily give them a try as I expand my CS education. email Best answer I've seen so far. The takeaway from the guys on the front lines is usually that a full server compromise is rare and that FTP creds were stolen from a client via malware. The result is a simple drive-by that is relatively easy to clean up. I agree it's a great feeling. I started walking 45 minutes a day, 6x a week, a few months ago. My wife convinced me to try it after pointing out that the health benefits were not insignificant (I was mainly biking until then, but losing my enthusiasm because of my rides getting longer and longer and requiring more prep). The gains have been pretty great--in just three months I'm down at my waist by two belt notches and when I get back to work I'm usually in a better mood. Next I just need to conquer this stress eating thing. The exercise has really put my compensatory eating habits into stark relief. Doesn't iOS Safari already do this? You see only the domain name until you take some action to interact with that area at the top of the browser. It seems like there is a gigantic living, breathing ecosystem made of these SSGs now, with Jekyll being the favorite for people who are inclined to seek out the one that has the most stuff written about it, or the largest community. Can't say I disagree with that method of selecting software, either. When I found out about Hugo yesterday, after comparing a list of others which must have been a few weeks too old to include the latest hotness, I almost collapsed at my keyboard. Developed in Go, distributed as a binary. Hokay. So now you can pretty much narrow your choice down to the language, then the software architecture, then the amount of activity on Github, then the license, then the corresponding "ideal website as created by SSG package X" output, then the attitudes of the authors on your favorite social networks, and finally you can probably look up the authors' girlfriends too (don't do that) and compare by girlfriend. On top of that, the static output is dropped into gigantic pools of resources that can scale to an unimaginable degree, can probably handle hundreds of DDOSes at a time, and they probably all validate without so much as a yellow flag. Oh and if you want you can use this tool to write an API, or if you want you can just not build a site with it, because it includes a game of Nibbles which is also static in some funny way, or whatever. It's amazing and absolutely ridiculous at the same time. In some ways it's an almost pornographic exploitation of process that cares approximately 0% about content. But it's also a huge display of generosity and demonstrates some very serious attention to craft. I worked at a software testing firm as a summer job one year while I was still at university. A few of the guys at the firm were refugees from game testing gigs, and they universally said it sucked. So this doesn't surprise me. Their experiences sounded pretty bad at the time, being that at this "superior" job, we worked standing up in a warehouse. Not the greatest working conditions unless you think it's cool enough to be surrounded by computers of every sort. I was really impressed by the guys who had been there for a while--they actually understood what they were doing, like the author of the linked article. If they looked over your shoulder for even a few seconds, it felt like you learned something. One day the higher-ups noticed that I knew how to use a particular kind of software and within an hour I had a raise and a desk inside an air-conditioned office. No chance of doing warehouse work anymore. It was like the feeling you get when you go from a parking garage into a hotel lobby. That put the testing conditions into stark relief--it wasn't really as fun or interesting as I thought it would be. Putting it on my resume afterwards attracted some really boring job offers. But lots of places want cheap QA. The people on top at the testing firm had it pretty much figured out. If their clients wanted to pay for really high-quality testing, they could do that. The resources are there. On the other hand, if they are just getting their software out the door, they can pay weak rates for summer job kids, and tell their developers to yell and scream until they get the more interesting-sounding bugs narrowed down to something actionable. I remember a few irritated emails: "I don't really care that the button is out of alignment," or "I'm not paying for grammar advice," etc. My bad, buddy. Why don't you talk to management about the conditions of your testing contract, and they'll get one of those veterans on the job? So yeah, the customers got what they paid for, too. Yeah, but you'd presumably need to have open source hardware shipped to you, right? And then you'd still need to inspect the hardware / software as shipped, right? RMS was right about a lot of things, but remember that his most important ideas are still waiting on lots of other things to happen first before they become practical. >brav-fucking-o I would have left that part out. Partly because it doesn't really roll off the tongue well, and partly because it comes across as hubris. I love this. I'm excited to share with friends. In fact I looked for a sharing button. Anyway, looks nice. It wouldn't scroll on my iPad and a button for Press at bottom right is cut off, but maybe those are known issues. I agree. I read the post on my Xubuntu machine and was too lazy to open my Mac, so I opened XFCE's Dictionary application and did a search for "flash". Lo and behold, the same definitions appeared. The heading says "The Collaborative International Dictionary of English v.0.48 (gcide)" which I learned is derived from the Webster's 1913 edition and contains further improvements. That was kind of exciting and for at least a little while I'll keep the dictionary open or add it to my panel. :-) It's painful to see how inflexible some of my clients are with their employees. Those that do claim to offer flexible work are clearly holding back in other areas, such as fair pay (for women especially, but everybody in general) and benefits. The turnover rates at these places are just as bad as you'd imagine--they have an amazingly hard time retaining talent. What's left is a core group of cowering individuals who seem to become love-it-or-leave-it evangelists. Having worked for a similar business before leaving to start on my own, it still hurts to think about all the people there who were medicating their work issues, and the speech disorder I started to develop from the unnecessarily punitive environment. A doctor friend told me he was really proud that I quit that job from a health POV. The speech disorder went away almost immediately after I gave notice. This was a company of 35 employees that was making profits of around 40 million a year, IIRC. I look at the environment in which the product was presented and it's just one no-no after another. Check out this photo: http://thenextweb.com/microsoft/2014/05/20/microsoft-unveils... They've picked some awful desaturated blue/green wallpaper image that clashes with the tiles that are supposed to be so great in Windows. Then the tiles themselves have this weird whitespace issue that creates an imbalanced appearance and even allows some tiles to use a right-aligned symbol rather than the default center. To say nothing of the shirt Panay is wearing. Nice and shiny, I'll give it that. Then I watch the MS dubstep ad for this product and it's just a bunch of meaningless flash. You don't even get to see people smiling, just music and lights (dah dah-dah). Oh and a pen writing on the screen, as if that's some miracle of modern technology. You can take notes with pictures in them, too. This is a step up from most Windows laptops, I'm sure, but the presentation really needs improvement. There is amateur work that is so much better than this. Example: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ugmR9nq3Yiw -- Wacom review done by an Australian cartoonist. I get a smile on my face whenever I see these stories. I read the book "Super Memory - Super Student" by Harry Lorayne when I was at university, and used the techniques to memorize an entire exam study book for a film theory course qualification exam. The entire exam book was (and to some extent, still is, 12 years later) laid out in my mind as a large room through which I rode on a rail, visiting the various locations. Each location corresponded to a set of information. Final exam score, 104 out of 100 possible points (four extra-credit points). And this is just using one of many possible techniques! But alas, you have to decide to use this stuff as it takes some effort and if you're too excited about it, some fear of success can creep in and keep you from your studies. I can speak from experience with the memory palace or peg systems. It's pretty easy to update, especially if you have a sequence of update mechanisms in mind. For example, the first replacement is an explosion, the second is melting, etc. If you have an ace of spades (say, pink elephant) that explodes into little toy killer whales (3 of clubs) then you know that's the first change. To make these stick in my mind I would engage as many senses as possible. What did it sound like when the killer whales hit the floor (did they squeak), what did it feel like in my hands when I picked up a bunch and squeezed them, etc. Yes, I still have two Cybikos in my desk drawer. Dead batteries but I'm sure it wouldn't be hard to get them working. I bought one for myself and one for my soon-to-be wife back in university in early 2002. We had a couple classes together and the ability to chat wirelessly was awesome. It wasn't nearly as cool as the Danger gizmo but you didn't pay monthly for it either. I had a ton of homebrew apps for it and some of them were actually really good. Nobody knew what the thing was and most professors thought it was a calculator with a stylus (which was really the antenna). Edit: I remember using it at graduation, too. My wife was in the audience and I was so engrossed in our Cybiko chat that I took a wrong turn on the stage and ended up getting into the procession line twice. That was embarrassing. Glad I didn't try to use the thing while driving :-) If you are in the U.S., Psychiatrists will often ask who your therapist is. If you are in the U.S. keep in mind that they may be expecting you to work through traditional therapy while they work on your drug regimen. They certainly know how to offer non-drug therapy but many have become medicine coaches due to the way the system works / patient expectations work. Yeah, just as a data point, I look for activity like this (which already exists, all over the place) to decide whether to follow somebody on Twitter. If I see a bunch of what I believe are automated "share stuff and pray" posts, there's no way I'm following. It's also sad to think that people might believe they're getting ahead at social media somehow by essentially running a robo-link service. But maybe I'm missing some part of the equation with this new offering. Perhaps the robo-links weren't relevant enough in the past, and these are extra relevant robo-links. Longer title tag, please. I just bookmarked the site and found "App.js" in my database with no other context :-( Should help with search bots, too, IIRC~ As a novice player, it's frustrating to read stories about players beating other players "by the book," i.e. they know more openings than the other player does, so they play some unexpected opening and just destroy the opponent out of the gate. I guess this is possible in just about any game, not just chess, but it seems to reduce the optimal learning process for a novice to "start memorizing things". Bah. Edit: Not that memorization is bad or boring by necessity, but finding a way to make the memorization fun and interesting is in itself frustrating, knowing that you could learn openings really fast just by brute-forcing the various lines into your brain with things like memory palace techniques. Wow. Did this gold-plated B-2 bomber still fly after the coffee incident? I'm sure the Maps team will be excited to hear about this. On the other hand I wonder what kind of sites this website is competing with. I don't think the site is really best suited to the blog format; maybe it'd be a good idea to rethink the presentation and throw some of the latest SEO strategy in there as well. You can't just make a blog these days and do ordinary blog things and expect to collect the same SERP pension every year. One of the key itches this article scratches is the issue of the hamburger menu that just appears in a design mock because it's how things are done nowadays. It's almost insulting to deal with people who care so little about the "bottom line business metrics" you mention that they throw things in there, like the hamburger, without justification in context. It's not even a question of business metrics at that level. It's simply a question of thinking about how you want people to interact with your website, and a lot of designers (using the term as generically as possible--anybody who is planning a site, be they a graphic designer or developer) don't even get that far. A quick rule of thumb: When a headline appears on the front page at HN, that headline alone is enough of a signal for 99% of HN users. It says, "a number of people are thinking about this. We need to talk about this." Forget what the article says, just read what the headline is shouting from its highly-upvoted position. If you don't like the article, fine. But "let's talk about hamburger menus and practically invisible navigation" is a worthwhile signal. Well, rather than being killed dead, he got a nice writeup by the BBC, which is read by quite a few of his countrymen. I'd say he's taken a wiser path. > "it's on the front page therefore it has merit" I didn't say that. Why the quotes? Nope, not accurate. Yes, I do disagree. No, the paraphrasing is not necessary for discussion (???). Not a biggie in the broader scheme of things though. People are going to vote anyway, so "voting with dollars" is really kind of a bonus option. And maybe to some degree it expresses the de facto effect of dollars on many government officials and government processes. So there's a need to have some money to counterbalance that, and while my $5 won't do much, it's a cumulative result that they're after. At the same time, it's just a simple statement that wraps a "please support non-government groups that are fighting to change government" message. And there's no need to fight Bill Gates because he's not part of the situation at hand. Yeah, that's kind of the throwaway part. I should have said, "Voting already exists as an option". I'd be interested to know what percentage of ACLU members vote, though. Declassified in 1968! Wow. I guess they thought they might use that trick again. I remember reading that they had to develop ways of describing words that didn't exist in Navajo, like "submarine," which became "iron fish." I'm studying Gregg shorthand right now and have thought about this a lot, since there are quite a few words that can't be found in existing word lists. Kind of a fun challenge, but ideally you come up with something that somebody else could figure out on their own while reading your shorthand. Even though the Navajo were talking in code, things like "iron fish" turned out the same way--easy to remember and easy to decipher if you knew the language, because at that level, facilitating communication was more important than the overly defensive word-guarding stuff. See e.g.: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%C5%81 Also: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Navajo_phonology Gutsy move, posting to HN about a security vulnerability at Amazon. And using WordPress to do it. I'll bet this guy loves playing on cliffs, too. I don't know what kind of freelancing you plan to do, but for me the method of moving to freelancing that worked (after two failed attempts) was connecting with veteran freelancers as quickly as possible. I became the technical resource for a creative agency by just calling them up and asking them if they needed technical help. From there it was a matter of being responsive to their communications, helping them look smart in front of their clients by feeding them ideas, and giving them flexibility--trying not to say "no" too often, even after seeing their pie-in-the-sky Photoshop mockups. Since then, I've expanded my opportunities by reaching out to my competition to build friendships and explore ways of working together. I found my (limited) corporate background a bonus because I was used to working on a relatively productive team (edit: so I could basically pull a team of freelancers together and bid on a large project as a group of independents), and a liability because I tended to think "I could always go back to the corporate world" instead of taking every opportunity to figure out how I might make self-employment work. It wasn't until I hired a business coach (a former SV corporate guy himself) that I started to learn how to make the whole thing psychologically/emotionally sustainable. There are opportunities to write your own failure narrative around every corner. :-) Sure thing. porkfriedriceplease [symbol] yahoo Ha. :-) Yeah, no problem. porkfriedriceplease [de] yahoo marccarson.com/articles (occasional freelancer-oriented content) Has our obsession with technology created this expectation of hiring "fire and forget" agencies that work like perfect little robots, do all the killing, and then leave no upsetting damage in their wake? I'm unsure about that myself, but when I see humans attempt to hire (on the one side) or act like (on the other side) humans that will supposedly behave just like computer software and only do what they are told, I really wonder what sort of things have established that expectation. That reminded me of the waterboarding demo on the news years back, where the torturers played popular music on the stereo while they administered the torture. Not sure if that's a real thing, but it made an uncomfortable news segment even more uncomfortable. There is an article about this in the most recent net Magazine issue. The example given made sense but was just edge-casey enough that I came away thinking that normal CSS was probably good enough for me. Plus GSS usage seemed like a bear given the minor advantages. I got that too. I was surprised to realize that I felt ready to completely give up on the language after seeing only that message. Yo, I read HN. I got this. > These days, every fly by night business can have a slick logo As a logo designer, I'm surprised at how much I think this is true but don't actually observe it much. It does happen, but the majority of businesses still seem to pay for worse logos than they deserve, and the majority of come-and-go businesses also fall into that grouping nicely. I'm learning, BTW, that even the website experience is a good gauge (well, better than a logo in significant ways) of the quality of the brand. As one of those contractors myself, it's not just about defending economic interests. For one thing, technical volunteers are one of the most infamous types: They arrive with a bunch of technical experience, the client goes "OH MY GOODNESS" and pretty soon the volunteers are cracking their knuckles, getting ready to start. At this point, one of two things tends to happen: 1) The volunteer has underestimated their need for constant high-level stimulation and runs out of interest, or 2) the volunteer completes a solution that is a poor fit for any existing problems. I once had a volunteer come onto a project and immediately suggest a variety of changes to the work I was performing. He told me how he had gone over my work to date (a funny thing that citizens like to do, and that's fine) and decided that he had identified problems A, B, and C in the system, so it needed to be changed to do X, Y, and Z, where X, Y and Z were all fairly obvious beginner mistakes in the ecosystem in which this was happening. I called the client and told her I would need her agreement in writing that these mistakes would be implemented, and I never heard from the volunteer again. What the client really needed was to make a high-level decision to do things the right way. Instead they had a "we can't do that" mentality and each decision was basically a small patch on some part of the system. From my perspective, one of the wisest things a volunteer could do is identify and contact a current contractor for said government organization and ask them what kind of volunteer work would be helpful. By doing this they pair up with someone who has a deep insight into existing systems. Then the volunteer can go back to the government and say, "hey, we talked to the contractor and here's what we as volunteers think we can help with." Since you have to educate the client anyway, you might as well do it with the help of existing contractors. Of course, if the contractor is really a jerk about it, you've just saved yourself the headache of working with them. I could easily come up with a range of non-technical to technical issues that affect my government clients and need help, and I'm busy enough that even a case where I lose work isn't actually that critical to me if the client is gaining an advantage. From working with a lot of volunteers though, I really question whether the follow-through on their side would be substantial. This gizmodo article reeks of sensationalism. They go so far as to say half of his face got "older and wrinkly," while the other half stayed "exactly the same," even though it's plainly obvious that all of his face has aged, both sides have wrinkles, and the half that was struck by the beam isn't the same as it was since the accident. At the very least I'd love to see more information substantiating the claim. An article explaining part of the reason why I'm suspicious: http://www.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/07/24/i... A friend of mine has been complaining about his rental's warped kitchen floor and mold (or the fact that mold forms easily). His windows are mostly painted shut. Can you elaborate on this? What kind of a dehumidifier should he look at? I used to live near the Tojimbo cliffs and have been thinking about the place (and what happens there) on and off since my first visit. I also really liked this NYT article, about a retired cop who made it his mission to stop suicide attempts at the cliffs. 222 lives had been saved as of late 2009. http://www.nytimes.com/2009/12/18/world/asia/18japan.html?_r... That first para is of the only comments here that gives me any hope for U.S. cyber capability and it really makes sense. Thanks. As a website-building shingle-hanger, I love that "in 2 minutes" services exist. They are like a blowoff valve for my business. If a potential client isn't going to take advantage of the particular ways in which I could help them, vvvupp-PSHHHHHHH--I vent their project off to an "in 2 minutes" service or Squarespace. "Why pay more?" I'm happy to recommend those services and glad my business coach convinced me to consider how valuable they are in communicating my market position. They also remind me to think about ways to differentiate myself and actively communicate value to prospective clients. It's a cliche but the goal is that clients--no matter who they are--all win, and I win too. Beautiful. Thank you for the reminder that these books exist. I read some of these books years back, and I still treasure the experience. I had a terrible job that started at 6:30 a.m. where by some miracle people kept assigning me tasks that could be automated, so I was about a month ahead on all of my work. In the early mornings I would read from these books on a Dell Axim that was propped up above my keyboard, next to my propped-up reversed CD-ROM disc. One book that's not part of the collection but that I would recommend to the people here on HN is "James Nasmyth, Engineer: An Autobiography": http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/476 Here's a bit from a "coding interview" that went well for him: "I carefully unpacked my working model of the steam-engine at the carpenter's shop, and had it conveyed, together with my drawings, on a hand-cart to Mr. Maudslay's next morning at the appointed hour. I was allowed to place my work for his inspection in a room next his office and counting-house. I then called at his residence close by, where he kindly received me in his library. He asked me to wait until he and his partner, Joshua Field, had inspected my handiwork. I waited anxiously. Twenty long minutes passed. At last he entered the room, and from a lively expression in his countenance I observed in a moment that the great object of my long cherished ambition had been attained! He expressed, in good round terms, his satisfaction at my practical ability as a workman engineer and mechanical draughtsman. Then, opening the door which led from his library into his beautiful private workshop, he said, "This is where I wish you to work, beside me, as my assistant workman. From what I have seen there is no need of an apprenticeship in your case." He then proceeded to show me the collection of exquisite tools of all sorts with which his private workshop was stored. They mostly bore the impress of his own clearheadedness and common-sense. They were very simple, and quite free from mere traditional forms and arrangements. At the same time they were perfect for the special purposes for which they had been designed. The workshop was surrounded with cabinets and drawers, filled with evidences of the master's skill and industry. Every tool had a purpose. It had been invented for some special reason. Sometimes it struck the keynote, as it were, to many of the important contrivances which enable man to obtain a complete mastery over materials." Anyway, a pretty fun, educational book for someone with that mindset. This article would be awesome with some mockups. Gruber's next "and another thing" in these incredible what-ifs could be some DF artwork. (BTW does anybody else drop their large-screen phone a lot or is it just me? I really love the extra screen space but holding onto it is not as easy as it was with a smaller phone) Having had a brand new Gary Fisher bike stolen when I was living in Japan: Why can't we all be like Iceland... Me too. I did everything required to get my authorship to show up. Now that it's gone, it's kind of frustrating to have put in the effort. Just like it's frustrating to have no less than seven different g+ public interfaces, between my work account, business page, newer personal gmail account, older personal gmail account, account being used by my wife and myself, and these weird alternate Youtube versions of two or three of the above. I called a client today to discuss them signing up for webmaster tools. The most frustrating part of the conversation was a discussion about dealing with the other Google "stuff" that comes with the new Google account they'll be making. Do they want to use the new email address for anything? What if it accidentally gets out? Etc. I agree, it takes practice. I can't let my mind wander though. If I want to take a nap in the middle of the day I have to consciously visualize something. The visualization that has worked best for me over the last year has been sitting in my childhood home, assembling the tail section of a scale model Su-24. The end product looks a lot like this one: http://paperwings.orgfree.com/su24/index.htm (except I never finish it, just doze off) The sleep is worth the practice :) I resisted buying a tablet right up until I absolutely had to (to help a client finish a web dev project). Now that I've had it for a while, I wouldn't go without one. I've got everything from Pythonista and Codea to Machine World on there, and my wife is always borrowing it to take on short trips with the kids. Although I could certainly get by without a tablet, now that I have one, it's like this whole new world has opened up. So...if you are leaving comments here about "I would buy a tablet if..." That's where I was a few months ago, and I think you should just bite the bullet and buy one. They're good enough now. (and using Pythonista and Codea...brilliant IDE adaptations to the tablet + finger use case) I was working as on a corporate dev team that hit a goldmine at one point, causing management to freak out and go on a hiring spree. They brought at least three wolves on board within a period of a couple months. One of them reminded me of the portrayal of Kameto Kuroshima in the 1970 film "Tora Tora Tora". He would think and think for hours on end, then he'd emerge from his cubicle (all sweaty and dramatic) with a Plan. At that point everything had to change because everyone knew his experience levels blew us all away. When he attended meetings, it was like he was five steps ahead of everybody else, and later I realized that it was because the meetings were usually called as a result of something he decided should change. I could easily see most of the people above him being fired if this guy ever got pissed. One of the other wolves was an experienced college professor who was brought in as a team lead, but who for all intents and purposes was an SVP in the organizational hierarchy. He was financially independent at a fairly young age and basically gave inspirational speeches and CS lectures instead of meetings. We were all freshmen to this guy, and he was light years ahead of our experience levels. I liked these wolves, if that's what they were--they gave me hope that somewhere an executive was really freaked out about making the right call at a critical time. As I recall, they made the existing software architecture more scalable, maintainable, and available. This was no mean feat, either. Our clients were pretty huge, well-known companies. There was quite a bit of language & framework discussion to go along with all that. But I think their experience levels also just allowed them to accomplish more in less time. To us, they looked like superheroes. We'd get mental blocks trying to think through situations that they had long ago met and conquered. In a similar vein, I think if most of us here at HN went back to our first job, we'd be well ahead of the curve and probably considered "wolves" in a very short time. While the article may seem like six of one / half-dozen of the other at first glance, I love that the author spends time examining the problem. Things that help me have a "healthy relationship with my work": Communication with everybody. If a client asks for a change to something, it always takes more time and usually costs more money. I communicate that to the client as early as possible. If a weekend is coming up and I'm working on a big project, everybody involved is going to get a phone call from me. Not an email, a phone call. We talk, we empathize, and we feel better about resuming on Monday. Have a nice weekend! If I am about to have a very stressful day, I run my plans by my wife. She's has saved me literally hundreds of hours of off-hours work by saying, "I'm sure they'll understand if you just call them and explain X and Y." She is so good at bringing out the details and examining the situation for what it is. It works every time. Somehow my samurai work ethic is way too stubborn sometimes. I exercise my option to turn down projects as often as I want. Six years ago I stood above my twin daughters' headstone, somehow still thinking about a work project I had going on, and all of the drama was completely ridiculous compared to the big picture of life, family, and normal relationships. I looked up toward the distant mountains, said "it's not worth it," and things have been better ever since. That memory comes to mind whenever I have big decisions to make--is the cost of the happy-life-occlusion scenario worth it, in light of the simple things that fulfill my requirements in life? Anyway, great article. I would add that at some point, plenty of people decide to change their work and go through the entire upheaval again, re-answering all of these balance questions. I have a friend who is literally packing her things right now to leave home and become a missionary. The stress is evident on her face, but when she talks about her future, she's excited and seems fulfilled in some way. In a similar vein, I've had a few conversations with "retirees" who are extremely stressed about what they're about to enter into, but there's no way they're going back. Seeing DRY at the end there was amusing. I recently worked with a client who convinced me he was really interested in our web project's back-end. Normally I keep things really light, but this guy had a convincing air of tech-savvy about him. Toward the end of the project, he wanted to do a lot of copy/paste-style "reuse" within the content management portion of the project, so I showed him how he could take advantage of the de-duplication features, and explained what DRY meant--just in terms of content management. The next day I got an email about a bug he found, where a sidebar wasn't showing up properly or something like that. His conclusion at the end of the email read: "So this DRY thing doesn't seem to be working, can we please remove DRY?" (I know, it's my fault for exposing the innocent client to such heavy terminology, blah blah blah...but I had a very pleasurable laugh about the whole thing) Well, and this: > It was then that I realized that the fed I was talking to had been my coworker at Giganews since I started in 2009! I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure I would instantly recognize any coworker I'd known for three years.