From what I've seen, casual (iPhone, Facebook) game companies are far more open to hiring general programming talent than the mainstream. (Which, IMO, can only be a good thing for the industry.) JavaScript will never support threads in the usual sense, as long as /be has his say: http://weblogs.mozillazine.org/roadmap/archives/2007/02/thre... So JS won't need fine-grained locking in the foreseeable future. Flusspferd ( http://flusspferd.org/ ) has GMP bindings, and there's no reason that node.js (for example) couldn't be hooked up to GMP as well. Facebook has some very interesting open source projects: http://github.com/facebook Particularly interesting to me is their static analysis tool for PHP written in OCaml. This is one of the main goals of Narcissus and Zaphod, actually, since it's much easier to hack Narcissus than SpiderMonkey. We're working on integrating Harmony proposals into Narcissus. That directory is out of date. (I'm not sure why it hasn't been removed yet.) The new project page is here: https://github.com/mozilla/narcissus We moved it to GitHub to make it easier for people to submit pull requests and the like. What in particular about the UX of the latest beta do you find slow? We should fix it. (1) Sync is now on asynchronous APIs as of the latest beta (or maybe the next one). You can disable Sync in the Preferences window, and you can choose to only sync bookmarks if you'd like. (2) Places (the bookmarks database) is now on asynchronous APIs, which means that, unless you're using esoteric features of bookmarks, they never block the UI thread. SQLite is also now in WAL mode. Smart folders are still slow as I understand it, and there's a plan to revamp and/or remove them. (3) Bookmarks and history have been treated the same way since Firefox 3 (Places). There is talk of revamping and/or removing Live Bookmarks as well. (4) Tab Groups is now secondary UI (the icon is gone by default). It is never loaded until you open it. (5) The status bar is no longer in the address bar. Do you have steps to reproduce the huge RAM consumption by any chance (which sites do you have open, which OS)? I'm very interested in solving these kinds of performance issues in the product. And for the record, I wish Paul Rouget hadn't posted this. IE9 is a great browser - they do some things better than us, even (text-overflow, SVG acceleration via D2D, out-of-process tabs), and we should recognize this. I agree. In fact, I gathered all the patches that have been floating around to do just that into a repo today: http://hg.mozilla.org/users/pwalton_mozilla.com/oop-tabs/ There is a lot (and by that I mean a lot - like, really basic stuff like focus) that doesn't work still, but the core of a multi-process Firefox is standing up already. If these issues still happen in Firefox 4, I would be very happy to debug them if you can reproduce. Rust :) Compiled, concurrent, and memory-safe, with no global GC. (Full disclosure: I work on Rust.) Sorta. There were actually three Skywriters: Bespin prototype (Thunderhead-based), Bespin Reboot (SproutCore/jQuery-based), and ACE. ACE postdates the rename from Bespin to Skywriter. They originated as three completely separate codebases, although there's been a fair amount of cross-pollination. ACE didn't begin as a Mozilla project, although it was finally chosen as the basis on which to build Skywriter the product (which will be used for the Firefox Add-ons Builder, in particular). A colleague of mine wrote a true coroutine library for JavaScript: https://github.com/dherman/jstask It depends on generators, so it works only in Firefox, but it's a cool hack nonetheless, and might be useful if you're developing Firefox addons. Yeah, I'm disappointed that our fix for the latter [1] didn't end up landing in time for Firefox 4. I'm hoping to release it as an add-on, and it has a very good chance of making it for the next release 3 months down the road. [1]: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=465086 Exactly. MySpace has shown that these kinds of moves can be fatal to a social network with low switching costs for users, even in the presence of network effects. Twitter's strength is not technology; from a technical standpoint, duplicating Twitter is trivial. Twitter's strength is its community, and they erode that at their own peril. Note that my colleague Dave Herman (on the TC39 committee; i.e. the JavaScript standards committee) is working on an official modules proposal for the next version of JavaScript, code-named Harmony. See here for examples: http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:simple_modul... Rust developer here. In Rust, the semicolon is the expression sequencing operator (like in ML), not a statement terminator. "a;b" means "evaluate a, throw away the result, and return the result of evaluating b". So the semicolon is more than just boilerplate. I guess we could do some sort of automatic semicolon insertion like JavaScript, but I'm not sure that the benefits outweigh the complexity. I think you could write a kernel in Rust (though you'd need to add unsafe pointers, direct calls, and possibly other stuff to the language), it's just not a goal of the project. There's no reason why I wouldn't accept patches to the language that would help in that effort as long as they didn't wildly conflict with the main goals of the project. Yeah, rustboot's pretty printer leaves something to be desired. We have a much better pretty printer in rustc (see src/comp/pretty/). Mozilla developer here - If you have steps to reproduce, I'd love to hear them and I'll get them forwarded to the proper people. That would indeed be a bug. Filed: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=647479 Breaking down memory usage by add-on is very difficult. Objects in Firefox's heap don't track the ownership of the module that created them. This should be fixed to some extent by out-of-process Jetpacks. As always, if you have steps to reproduce we would love to hear them. Startup time is still the #1 performance metric we optimize for. There is work underway to make the new extension system (Jetpack) load extensions out-of-process. This will make it easy to see how much memory each extension is using. Unfortunately, add-ons built using the traditional system will still be in-process. Most of them depend on being able to synchronously dive into the page or browser DOM and mess with it, which makes accounting hard. The 32-bit Windows graphics thing sounds like a bug. Setting max-concurrent-tabs in about:config to 0 may help. Those features are a lot of the reason for it, yes. As a cool example of what can be done with generators, check out my colleague Dave Herman's task.js library: https://github.com/dherman/taskjs That library gives you coroutine-style I/O on top of node.js primitives, which is, as far as I can tell, the #1 feature people have been asking for all along in Node. It only works if node.js implements coroutines (which Ryan has so far refused to do) or if the language implements generators (which you get with SpiderMonkey). Garbage collection isn't implemented; we're relying on reference counting for now. The self-hosted compiler has no cyclic data structures, so we're fine. Stack growth was implemented at one point, but we disabled it because the way it was implemented was a proof-of-concept hack (it just rewrote anything that looked like a pointer on the stack). I suspect we're going to switch to a more Go-like model, in which stack growth happens by calling through a stack-switching thunk. Too early to say - this is probably the one part of the language that has had the least design work - but I suspect they'll feel like Dylan's macros. That is, Lisp/Scheme-inspired, but tailored to a C-like syntax. I don't foresee many problems with adopting Dylan-like macros to the C syntax (they're both Algol-derived anyhow), but again this is all up in the air :) The C syntax is pretty much set. Switching at this state would do more harm than good, and we think that in the long term syntax is less important than semantics. I'm biased, of course, because I work on Rust full-time, but don't forget Rust: https://github.com/graydon/rust We recently reached self-hosting status, in which we compiled Rust with itself, and over the past few weeks we've been working on making the compiler much faster (over 7x in fact). This is, indeed, why Rust originally compiled only to shared libraries (that also worked as executables). We ended up distinguishing shared libraries from executables for performance and OS integration reasons, but shared libraries are still key to the design. This is a banal point. Yes, separate compilation hurts performance. But that's what link-time optimization is for. GCC and LLVM alike can both do link-time optimization. You might as well say "gcc with -O0 is slower than V8, therefore V8 is faster than gcc". Firefox does, if the calling web page is itself a local file and the XHR requests a file in the same directory as or in a subdirectory of that page. http://iq12.com/blog/as3-benchmark/ Is this what you wanted to post? This shows that the browsers' JS engines have been outrunning ActionScript for years now... I work on Rust, which is in a similar space to Go. IMHO this article is oversimplifying. (1) Recursive anonymous functions: This is the first time I've heard this criticism. MLs usually don't have this functionality either. It's not too much trouble to give the function a name. (2) Tail call optimization: TCO isn't free. It requires all callees to pop their arguments, which slightly penalizes every call in the program. Rust is planned to support full TCO, but the current compiler only does sibling call optimization (a subset of TCO). (3) Continuations (I assume call/cc is meant here): Again, these are expensive, because they interfere with the stack discipline. You end up having to garbage collect stack frames in the worst case. For this reason both Go and Rust have implemented exceptional control flow using stack unwinding and destructors. (For Go panic/defer/recover play the role of destructors, while for Rust we use a more traditional RAII system.) Callers have to readjust the stack after each call when TCO is enabled, but without TCO a function can allocate outgoing argument space for every function invocation up front and reuse that space for every call. I am a Mozilla dev. I certainly don't hold the attitude that there's something wrong with you if you don't like Firefox. Rather, I'm interested to hear about your bad user experience so that we can improve. Curiously enough, the JavaScript Y combinator is in the Firefox source and has been since at least 2007: http://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/file/fc78ee766770/js/s... "I have trouble with this assertion: as far as I can tell, nothing would stop a language (especially a statically typed one) from optimizing a tuple return/unpack into a cheaper parallel assignment, and still provide a full-blown tuple type. I might be wrong, but is tuples unpacking not a strict superset of Go/Lua's restricted multiple return values?" Well, it depends on how you implement polymorphic code, but generally yes. This is why we use tuples instead of multiple return values in Rust. In fact, if you return a struct by value in LLVM, LLVM will allocate a virtual register for each element. Rust isn't intended to be run by Web content. It's designed to be a systems language. In that regard it's more comparable to Go. I just used Keynote's export feature. I'll upload to slideshare. Slideshare here for those having trouble with the Dropbox-hosted version: http://www.slideshare.net/pcwalton/rust-all-hands-winter-201... Check out the macro tests in this directory: https://github.com/graydon/rust/tree/master/src/test/run-pas... Here you go: http://dl.dropbox.com/u/4186469/rust-all-hands-w2011.pdf Rust has an unsafe sublanguage you'll probably be interested in. That said, writing kernels is explicitly not a goal of Rust. It may well work great with a custom bare-metal runtime, but we aren't letting the needs of OS kernels constrain our design space at this time. Garbage collection in Rust is thread-local. We never need concurrent GC; this invariant is enforced by the type system. Leaking cycles is not really an option, sorry. At the very least we're going to have a cycle collector. It's too easy to make cycles, especially when you have closures (all you need is to close over an object that contains a pointer to the closure itself; this is very common for e.g. event handlers). Besides, a lot of the problems you state can be addressed with generational or incremental garbage collection. "From the third slide: we can see two different function definition syntaxes, a 'normal' style and a 'ruby' style. I really like the way of JavaScript, CoffeeScript and OCaml that have a single unified function syntax." Functions declared at top-level with the |fn| keyword can be mutually recursive and don't close over anything by default. Blocks, however, are unique in that they can close over stack variables (we statically ensure that they can't escape) and can't be mutually recursive. At the moment, blocks can only appear in function argument position. So, although both |fn| functions and blocks are functions in some sense, they have different enough semantics that we felt that different syntax helped to convey the distinction. "Also on this slide: why have a special syntax for importing submodules from modules/crates? Again, CoffeeScript excels here, an import is simply a variable declaration:" Well, in CoffeeScript, imports are actually statements that are evaluated at runtime. In Rust, they're compile-time constructs. Furthermore, using a separate syntax gives us more power — you can say |import *|, you can say things like |import std::{hashmap::map, vec}|, etc. "Furthermore, it has always bothered me why generic types use <> brackets. I can understand it in Java and C# (where types are declared before values/functions), but in Rust, it's really unnecessary to introduce the 4th type of brackets into the language (apparently, they used [], but latter changed it to <>... I would really like to know why.)" Because you can use generic type instantiation in value position as well (e.g. none:: ), and [] was preventing us from using [] for array indexing (previously, you wrote v.(0) for v[0]). I also thought it'd be more familiar for C++, C#, and Java programmers. Failure only brings down the current task, not the process. Stack allocation for call frames is a very important feature of Rust. SML/NJ does heap allocation for all frames and its performance suffers as a result (they have to invest very heavily in a good generational garbage collector, because the nursery fills up very quickly with stack frames). Graydon decided early on that in order to be competitive with C++ we would need first-class stack allocation, and I agree. See my comment above for the stuff issue. As for std::stuff, in earlier versions we wrote std.stuff, but it actually hurt readability (not to mention complicated typechecking), since '.' is also used for record field projection and object method invocation. In the MLs it's not so bad because module names have to begin with a capital letter, but we tried to avoid making case significant. You'd be surprised how much overhead our reference counting has. 10% of the time of rustc, last I measured, was spent adjusting reference counts. It does indeed work that way in Rust. It's also intended that the GC be able to yield in the green thread sense as well, so it doesn't even lock up a core. "But the fact that Firefox makes all add-ons incompatible by default without any modifications from the developer, is also unacceptable." This is not true for addons hosted on addons.mozilla.org. Addons that are hosted on that site get their versions bumped automatically without any modifications from the developer. "And do we really need that small search box in the right? I think it clutters the bar." It can be removed. It was on a MacBook Pro. We tried it on a MacBook Air too and it performed reasonably well. Note that we're planning to make LLVM a git submodule, and most of the strange LLVM configure flags will go away with the x86-64 port (which is due to land Real Soon Now). So this will become significantly easier. The CSS version is under development: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=583041 If I understand what you mean, that's working in nightlies. For now, that is true. However, NaCl is moving to the Pepper API, which is a proprietary Chrome API for plugins. I mean the dictionary definition of "proprietary": controlled by a single proprietor, in this case Google. Google proposed the Pepper API on the plugin-futures mailing list a year or two ago, but Mozilla and Apple believed that it was unnecessary to maintain a parallel Pepper API for plugins to use when Web APIs were already there (and could be improved where they were not sufficient). Google implemented and pushed Pepper anyway. Thus, proprietary. Likewise, Google is not open to input regarding the direction of NaCl, or whether it is a good idea for the Web. It is also proprietary. Whether proprietary-but-open-source technologies are good for the Web is a separate discussion -- clearly, Mozilla and Google disagree. But it's unarguable that NaCl and Pepper are proprietary technologies. Besides the event flooding mentioned previously, the built-in Android GestureDetectors leave something to be desired. In the revamped Firefox Mobile that's under development we're noticing all sorts of bugs (e.g. http://bugzil.la/706684 ) that are related to gesture detectors malfunctioning, and we already reinvented the kinetic panning gesture detector because we were unhappy with the responsiveness of the built-in one (it does too much rounding). The next time you see that, please open about:memory and paste the contents into a bug. Or you can even email me directly (pcwalton at mozilla dot com) and I will forward it to the relevant people. We are serious about cutting down Firefox's memory usage. It works, but the native widgets aren't getting retained layers, so it's really slow. I filed a bug: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=713532 Unit testing is a first-class citizen in Rust. You can annotate functions with #[test] and they become unit tests. You can then run tests with the built-in test harness on a module-by-module basis. Profiling and instrumentation are possible using the standard tools (xperf, Instruments/DTrace, perf/oprofile). Rust works just fine with those. Not sure what you mean by "round-trip back and forth between compiled code and commented parse trees", but Rust contains a pretty-printer which preserves comments. You're correct regarding (3) -- that's the main reason unique pointers were added to Rust in the first place. We call the heap of unique pointers the "exchange heap" for this reason. Restaurant sites. For Mobile Firefox our main test case for Flash is dairyqueen.com. Having to completely rewrite Firefox for no gain, which would basically destroy Firefox. See Matt Brubeck's answer here: http://www.quora.com/Mozilla-Firefox/Will-Firefox-ever-drop-... Besides, Gecko is ahead of WebKit in several ways (MathML, Direct2D, etc.); there's no compelling reason to switch. The remarkable thing about Firefox is not how much it compromised on implementing IE-specific features, but rather how much market share it gained in spite of the fact that it didn't compromise on implementing IE-specific features. To name a few off the top of my head: ActiveX, filter:progid:DXImageTransform, CSS "zoom" property, insertAdjacentElement(), etc. I work on Firefox Mobile. What in particular made you feel that Aurora was less smooth than Chrome? Thanks, that's very helpful feedback. Indeed the slow rendering/blank content problem is our top priority right now. We're working around the clock to improve its performance, switching from the Java stuff that's on Nightly right now to the same backend used to render OpenGL-accelerated content on desktop. Apparently I'm doing a good enough job of hiding my bias that you thought I was advocating the opposite of what my opinion is. :) (Full disclosure: I work at Mozilla.) Joe Hewitt's counterargument was that there would be less divergence in that case than the situation today. "Maybe someone working at a browser vendor can reply to this comment and explain to us why any one company is trusted to make a decision like that for the entire Internet?" I don't work on security (although I do work at Mozilla), but I'm sure it's basically this: SSL/TLS PKI is the system we have, and if Firefox stops working with people's banks because a widely-used CA was distrusted, users will switch browsers. Once they switch browsers, the security benefits of distrusting the CA are lost. Instead, Mozilla has to work with the CAs. As you say, we're between a rock and a hard place. The best we can do is a message like this: http://groups.google.com/group/mozilla.dev.security.policy/b... Which not only requires action on the part of all CAs to prove that this cannot happen again, but also clearly explains that abuses in the future can and will result in distrusting of the CA. This is something we talk about all the time here at Mozilla Research. Languages do not become popular primarily because of technical innovation; they become popular because they were in the right place at the right time. (You might draw an analogy to startups here.) Often the designers of the popular languages didn't have much of a background in programming languages research, so they didn't break new ground. (That's not to say that the current languages aren't good , though. On the contrary, Python, Ruby, Perl, etc. are all awesome languages! They just weren't particularly innovative from a PL design standpoint.) Given that, what is the place for PL research in industry? There are two main ways that we can see for PL research to make a practical difference: (1) Apply PL research to new features of existing popular languages, and push for those features to be standardized if they're successful. This is what we're doing with JavaScript with, for example, the PJs project (parallel extensions for JavaScript). It's always trickier to fit new research into paradigms of existing languages, but if it can be done it's very rewarding. This has been done with e.g. Java in the past; generics and the flow-sensitive initialization checking were an example of this. (2) Create new languages designed for a specific, concrete high-value project. This is what we're doing with Rust -- Mozilla is investing in Rust specifically to be the language that we write a new parallel layout engine in. This constraint helps us focus on keeping the language usable, practical, and feature-rich. Features like the uniqueness typing and (in the future) bounded task lifetimes that allow us to avoid concurrent GC are driven by the pain points that we struggle with in Gecko. What does about:memory say? For my entry for the original JS1K contest, I wrote my crusher by hand. It was a great learning experience as to how compression (in my case, LZ77) really works. I agree that it's less interesting now that everyone uses the same off-the-shelf crusher, but for me figuring out how to crush the source was half the fun. What in particular do you not like about the syntax of Rust? We're still designing the language and we are very much open to suggestions. We're working on improvements to the language (namely, regions and dynamic arenas) to make it possible to not use the reference-counted pointer type at all if you don't want it, while retaining the type safety. Regions have their own set of costs, as we're finding out (mostly due to the annotation burden if you start doing complicated stuff), but I think we'll be in a nice sweet spot. Rust gives you three basic options: (1) Regions, when you want safe, low-overhead allocation. The downside is a more complex type system. (Usually you don't see the complexity unless you're returning pointers that contain references to the stack, at which point you have to convince the typechecker that you aren't creating dangling pointers by doing so.) (2) Safe, garbage collected heap allocation. This gives you maximum flexibility at the cost of runtime overhead. (3) Unsafe pointers. This lets you manage your memory manually, like C++. Of course, this is unsafe. Also, I suspect we're going to add fixed-length vectors; we've been discussing this quite a bit lately and I think there's general consensus that they should be present in the language in some form. So we basically use the runtime for three things: (a) the task system, which features lightweight threads like Go or Erlang; (b) stack checks and growth; (c) garbage collection. We used to use it for more, but lately more and more stuff has been moved out of the runtime to be written in Rust itself. I'd like to see a "runtime-less Rust" myself, because it'd be great if we could implement the Rust runtime in Rust. This might be useful for other things too, such as drivers or libraries to be embedded into other software. (The latter is obviously of interest to us at Mozilla.) Rust programs compiled in this mode would disable the task system, would be vulnerable to stack overflow (although we might be able to mitigate that with guard pages), and would require extra work to avoid leaks, but would be able to run without a runtime. If anyone is interested in this project, I'd be happy to talk more about it -- we have a ton of stuff on our plate at the moment, so we aren't working on it right now, but I'd be thrilled if anyone was interested and could help. It's interesting to compare the issues that Shapiro found with the issues that we found during the development of Rust. It turns out that we ran into many of the same issues. Since Go is being mentioned here too, I'll compare the way Go dealt with the issues as well. (0) Objects and inheritance: Rust had support for objects (via prototype-based inheritance) in the first version of the compiler, but we found that they weren't being used. We attempted to be as minimalist and simple as possible regarding objects, and as a result we ended up with a system that didn't have enough features to be useful. It also didn't fit well with the rest of the language, so we scrapped it and added typeclasses instead. Those worked a lot better, and now most of our standard library is using typeclasses for OO-like patterns. Recently, we've found that we really do want objects, but mostly as a way to achieve code reuse, privacy, and a more direct association between a type and its method than typeclasses alone provide. The current system that is being implemented is a nice way, in my opinion, to unify typeclasses and object-oriented programming. There are just a few concepts to learn, and it all meshes together quite nicely. Go's interface system is quite similar to Rust's typeclass system. The main things that Rust has that Go doesn't are first-class constructors, the trait system (not yet implemented) to facilitate method reuse, and the ability to define multiple implementations of an interface per type. The things that Go has that Rust doesn't are duck typing (which is a quite good idea, and I'd like to add it to Rust as well) and downcasting (which we don't want to support because we have more type-safe mechanisms for the same thing). (1) The compilation model: Rust uses dynamic linking pervasively, because OS's have good support for it and it helps keeps binaries small. It also has strong support for separate compilation, because we want to make compile times fast. So far, so good, but, just like BitC did, we discovered that type abstraction (which you use generics in Rust to achieve) doesn't mix well with separate compilation. We didn't want to have a uniform value representation like the MLs do (supporting only 31-bit ints and boxing everything else doesn't fly in a systems language), so we tried to use dynamic size calculations for all of the values. It resulted in a huge amount of complexity (we never shook out all the bugs), and it also had a large runtime performance penalty. Unlike C#, we couldn't fall back on a JIT, because Rust is an ahead-of-time-compiled language. So we moved to a "monomorphization" scheme for Rust 0.2, which is basically like C++ template instantiation, only without the overhead of reparsing all the code from scratch. Even with this scheme, you only pay for monomorphization when you use generics, you can still dynamically link all non-generic code (which is most of it), and your runtime performance is unaffected by your use of generics. Go, of course, doesn't have generics. I don't personally believe that buys them much though; the programmer ends up working around it in a way that either involves boxing (via interface{}) or by-hand monomorphization (by duplicating the code for each type). To me, generics are just a way for the compiler to do work the programmer would end up having to do anyway. (2) Insufficiency of the type system regarding reference and by-reference types. It's spooky to read this, because it's precisely the problem we ran into with Rust. At the moment we have by-value and by-reference modes for parameters, and we've found that this isn't sufficiently expressive. (We also tried making the only difference between by-value and by-immutable-reference internal to the compiler, which didn't work well due to higher-order functions and interoperability with C code.) We also found that parameters really aren't the only place you want by-reference types; you really want to be able to return references and place them within other data structures. Whenever we wanted to do this, we had to fall back onto heap allocation, and that was significantly hurting our performance, especially when unique types were involved (since aliasing a unique type is impossible, you have to copy it). Profiling Rust programs showed an alarming amount of time spent in malloc and free. So we're in the process of bringing up a new regions system that I'm excited about: it's too early to say for sure, but I think we've stumbled upon a way to make regions not require a doctorate in type theory to understand. Regions allow you to have safe pointers into the stack and into the heap and pass them around as first-class values. Go doesn't have zero-cost reference types at all; it just does simple escape analysis to allocate structures on the stack when it can and falls back on tracing GC for the rest (note that this is what Java does nowadays too). This is one of the most significant differences between Go and Rust; Go's memory model is essentially identical to that of Java, plus the ability to allocate structures inside other structures, while Rust has a much more C++-like memory model (but safe, unlike C++). This decision is based on our experience with Firefox; fine-grained control over memory use is so important that we didn't want to place our bets on pervasive use of GC. (3) Inheritance and encapsulation: Rust still has no concept of inheritance; it's our hope that a combination of enums (datatypes like in Haskell or case classes from Scala) and traits will allow us to avoid introducing the complexity of inheritance into the language. Time will tell, of course. As for encapsulation, we thought we didn't need it, but it turns out that we really did want private fields. This we're solving with the class system, mentioned above. Go achieves inheritance through anonymous fields. Anonymous fields are multiple inheritance in all but name, complete with the "dreaded diamond" problems of C++. We were hoping to avoid that. Go has standard privacy through "unexported fields". (4) Instance coherence. Since you can define multiple typeclass implementations for a given type, and the caller chooses which implementation to use, you have to make sure in many contexts (for example, the hash method of a hash table) that the same implementation gets used for the same data. That's one of the reasons we introduced classes -- they tie implementations of methods to a type. Go doesn't have this problem, because it only permits one implementation of an interface for each type, and it has to be defined in the same module as the type. Basically, Go's interfaces are much like our classes in that regard. We wanted to allow people to add extra methods to types -- for example, to add extension methods on vectors (think what Rails does to the Ruby standard library, but in a way that doesn't involve monkey patching) -- so we didn't want to force this restriction on users. I think that one of the most important things to underscore is that we would have never found these things so early unless we had written the Rust compiler in Rust itself. It forces us to use the language constantly, and we quickly find pain points. I highly encourage all languages to do the same; it's a great way to find and shake out design issues early. Yes, you're correct, you can have more than one anonymous field. Apologies, my mistake -- I updated the post. The resolution rules seem hairy, though; with Rust traits you can rename methods to avoid conflicts (just as in the seminal papers on traits). I suppose they aren't that hairy if you introduce type-specific namespacing like C++ does; i.e. allowing method names to be qualified with the name of the class or trait they belong to to resolve conflicts (A::X and B::X). Renaming seems like a way to avoid having to create an extra delegation function in case you want to delegate to one or the other, though. It's important to keep in mind that traits aren't the same as inheritance, though. Traits combine methods and fields into one final class instance (they're like mixins), while anonymous fields are more like C++ inheritance: there's actually an instance of each superclass embedded inside each subclass. This starts to matter especially when you have diamond patterns (A derives B and C, B and C derive D). When you have an instance of D and are calling methods of A on it, does each method of B's embedded A clash with that of C's embedded A in Go? Traits are actually about code reuse, not about polymorphism. Indeed, in the original traits literature (and in Rust), traits are not types at all. You use interfaces in Rust for that, just as you do in Go (they work very similarly). Think of traits as little pieces you can glue together to make a class. Sure. Regarding concurrency, we're trying to eliminate data races by avoiding shared mutable state. Right now, our unique pointers attack the "shared" part of that -- since data in the exchange heap is localized to a single task, you don't have data races, regardless of mutability. So mutable structures aren't a concern there. There is the concern that unique pointers are too limited to do a lot of the kind of tasks you want to do in a parallel way, and that's where the experiments we want to do with the "patient parent" model come in -- you can see my colleague Niko's blog here [1] for info on that. That approach allows shared immutable data. Verification has never been a goal of ours, except for the kinds of invariants you can address relatively simply in a type system. Dependent types are cool, but at the moment they're so complicated as to place the language out of reach of most programmers. We have more interest in making dynamic checks (assertions, design-by-contract) easy to use. [1]: http://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/ In the design of Rust, as a rule of thumb, we've always tried to make the simplest code also the fastest code, to minimize performance footguns. (Writing the Rust compiler in Rust and constantly running it through Instruments.app helps to keep us honest.) Graydon has been adamant that Rust must provide the ability to avoid tracing GC if the programmer wants. I was at first skeptical, but now I'm fully on board. For things like browsers, control over memory management is crucial. Rust actually doesn't have tracing GC; it instead uses reference counting and cycle collection. The major things that have stopped us from tracing GC so far are LLVM issues; I'm working on those now and we'd like to introduce optional tracing GC soon. My personal thinking is that the standard libraries should avoid the GC and use regions, reference counting should be achievable through a "smart pointer" type in the standard library, and GC should be provided if the programmer wants it. Simplicity is definitely a goal. These days, not a day goes by on the Rust team in which we don't discuss ways to simplify the language. My colleague Dave Herman always says that language design goes through cycles: You identify a problem, add solutions to fix it, then discover that these solutions are best merged with some other ideas. The result is that, as a language evolves, complexity goes up and down. I think that we're coming off a peak of complexity and the language is going to evolve toward simplicity in the near term. Just to name a few simple examples, removing the alias analysis pass and removing "native modules" are some simplifications that mostly have consensus at this point. Note that we don't forbid shared mutable state entirely (we don't forbid anything really, as we have an unsafe sublanguage that allows all the pointer tricks that you can do in C++), but we want to contain data races. Basically, as the FAQ says, "you can break the rules, if explicit about where and how". We've learned that, especially when it comes to concurrency, there really is no one model that supports everything you might want to do. Instead, the idea is to support safe, data-race-free language constructs, and to make those the easiest ones to use. Data races (and memory unsafety) are clearly marked in "unsafe" blocks, with the idea that if you find a concurrency bug in your software, you can grep for that keyword and go over those blocks only, instead of having to crawl through the entire codebase. The same principle applies to null. You can get nullable pointers (use option ), but you have to declare that that's what you want. You also have to declare some strategy for handling the null case every time you use the pointer, or at least communicate your intent to fail on null via the .get() method. The vast majority of pointers in any program aren't nullable, so in practice we've found that this eliminates a lot of bugs. We'll never be as fast as Go in compile speed: just to name a few issues, we do flow analysis (so we check whether your variables are initialized before you use them), our typechecking proceeds by unification (so you can say stuff like [] and the typechecker will figure out what the type of that empty vector is), and we have an extra IR-generating step (so we can take advantage of LLVM optimizations). It's a question of different goals; one of Go's primary goals was to compile quickly (which is a fine goal!), which isn't one of the goals of Rust (although we definitely want to compile fast, of course, and we have continuous integration benchmarks to that effect). Graydon's personal preference, and to make C++ programmers feel at home. I personally prefer whitespace-based syntax, but I'm not a die-hard either way. When designing a language, you pretty much have to pick one and disappoint somebody. What don't you like about the syntax? In Rust we use the system libc with segmented stacks, and we call C code by switching stacks. (This has been observed to get us into trouble with the indirect branch predictor, unfortunately, but we plan on addressing that by duplicating the stack switching stub for each C function.) Go is similar (I looked at its code when implementing some of this stuff). So it's not true that having segmented stacks undermines Go's ability to interact with C code. Note that another cool thing we can do is to statically link clang-compiled C code with Rust code and LLVM can inline your small C functions directly into your Rust functions and save you the stack switch -- this is one of the coolest things we can do with LLVM, IMHO. You'd have to insert a call to "malloc" to get the GC to run, but yes, it can break in that situation. (The classic example is an XOR-packed linked list being corrupted by the Boehm GC.) But note that isn't really fair to conservative GC, as no GC, precise or not, can cope with hidden pointers like that. So your example isn't really a strike against Go. Almost — C# has a cool feature whereby you can do pointer arithmetic if you pin the objects in question first, so the GC won't collect or move them. (The language statically enforces this by forbidding you from taking the address of a value until you pin it.) In Rust we're working on a solution for this problem. Essentially, the plan is to have RTTI on garbage-collected data (this is already completed and is used in the cycle collector) and precise stack information for every root on the stack. The latter is in a fork of LLVM: https://github.com/pcwalton/llvm But aside from the shameless plug, C# and D (I believe), have had precise garbage collectors for quite a while now, and they have similar memory management to Go. It's well-known how to implement it (but that doesn't make it any less hard — I can totally understand why Google opted for conservative GC in the first version). I'm sure they do. There are a few things to note here: (1) In order for malloc to work, you need a header anyway (at least, unless your allocation fits in one of the fixed-size bins). (2) You can get around the header to some extent by sorting the fields of your objects so that pointers come first, and then all you need to do is to store the number of pointers (or a sentinel value). This is what Haskell does. Of course, this prevents low-level control over data representation. (3) You can tag (or NaN box) all your values. This is what most MLs do, as well as JS, many Lisps, etc. (4) You can use a map on the side from pointer to type info to avoid a header. This is what Rust in its early days did. It's worse than a header for memory consumption though, so it doesn't really buy much. Actually, the code sample in the grandparent comment obfuscates the memory address by subtracting 1. Even a conservative GC will be confused in this case... Yeah, I hate 31-bit integers too. It's not the only tagging scheme though; I prefer NaN boxing (used in SpiderMonkey among others). NaN boxing allows unboxed doubles and 32-bit ints, at the cost of increased register pressure and memory usage on 32-bit systems. A nit: "Subclasses cannot override private methods. Subclass overrides of public methods can’t even see, let alone call, the superclass’s private methods. Problematic for, say, test mocks." IMHO you don't want private methods to be visible in subclasses, because this makes the fragile base class problem worse. If I'm a framework developer working on a UI library, I should be free to add private methods to my Button class for the second version of my library without worrying that they'll influence the behavior of a FooButton that some app wrote that's derived from the class in the first version of my library. The problem, of course, is testing. You want to be able to cleanly substitute mock objects for unit tests, without having to make everything depend on an interface or to use protected everywhere. It'd be nice if languages had more unit testing facilities built in. Microsoft Fakes is an interesting approach here. That's a good way of putting it (although perhaps "everything" is too strong a word -- we don't want to build every paradigm imaginable into the language). When in doubt regarding features, I tend to ask myself "would a next-generation browser engine need this language feature to be more secure/more maintainable/faster than current browsers?" (That's not to say that we're building the language only for a browser engine, but I think it's useful to have a target use case in mind when designing a language.) Compilation speed is not as fast as we would like yet. A lot of that is simply due to generating too much code, which largely is an artifact of the way we implement unwinding. We're working on redoing that to improve code size and reduce compilation times. The monomorphization pass (which is the analogue to template expansion in C++) is pretty fast, because we operate on largely precompiled, serialized ASTs instead of reparsing and typechecking everything from scratch. (Also, we only bother to deserialize the functions you actually use.) You can draw the boundaries between compilation units however you'd like. If you want incremental compilation, use many crates; if you want easier dependency management, use fewer crates. By default, crates are loaded dynamically at runtime, but you can statically link crates together and inline across crates for production. The Rust compiler tracks breaking API changes and updates your crate UUID automatically. You can change private APIs and dynamically linked code as you'd like without causing dependent crates to be recompiled, but changing an inlined template function will cause your crate UUID to change, which triggers recompilation of dependent crates. The UUID is essentially just a large hash value derived from the signatures of all the public items in your crate. At the moment, this is unimplemented, but it's intended that you be able to change the bodies of non-inlined generic functions without causing recompilation of your callers. This works because a non-inlined generic function can only be called with pointer types, which means we can generate one piece of code for the generic function and use that. Inlined generics can be called with any value and the code is duplicated for each value you called it with, so changing the body of one of those does trigger recompilation of dependent crates. The part that's new (as far as we know anyway) is the unification of typeclasses with OO (bounded polymorphism; e.g. fn foo (x : T)). Mixins and traits are definitely not new. As I've said earlier, we talk about how to minimize language complexity nearly every day. I would be thrilled if we could remove enough features to make Rust's spec as short as Go's. That said, I think Rust is going to be somewhat more complex than Go because our needs are different (particularly around safety and memory management). If you do see ways to simplify the language, we'd like to hear about them. It would. (In fact, you might be able to do this today with runtime.SetFinalizer.) You do have to be careful to avoid bringing back the objects that your finalizer references from the grave. If you do that in Go and create cycles, it leaks (which isn't unique to Go, many other languages do this). You need a sophisticated GC (like Java's) or a type system that's aware of the heap/stack distinction of objects (like Rust's) to mitigate that. Note that where you mean Python you pretty much mean this optimized C implementation: https://bitbucket.org/cmoyer/python-twitter/src/5bba928d8c12... I don't agree that surface syntax doesn't matter unless it affects language functionality. Syntax is UI for programming languages, and UI for programming languages matters as surely as UI for other software matters. Fortunes have been won and lost on UI. To me, the problem is that there is no answer to programming language syntax that pleases everybody. There are general aesthetic principles to follow, but the fundamental questions - semicolons vs. newlines, indentation vs. braces, short vs. long keywords - generate a lot more heat than light. We have to pick one and disappoint somebody. Note that even in this thread, there is disagreement about whether JavaScript is too terse or too verbose! I'm personally sad to see what happened to picplz; they were the main option around for Android at the time and I always preferred their low-key feel to the more showy feel of Instagram. Competition is a good thing. Yes, modern garbage collectors usually allocate objects into bins, which don't have headers since the objects are of fixed size. Well, the problem is that doing explicit memory management in a language that's built around GC is usually far less convenient than doing explicit memory management in a language that isn't (like C++). For example, in C++ you can use templates and placement new to write generic free lists that get specialized to the type of object in use at compile time, and they still allow you to use the regular old "new" syntax for calling the constructor. By contrast, you can write free lists in Java/C#/Python/Ruby/JS/etc, but you won't get that nice "new" syntax. (Not to mention that you don't get the same control over memory layout that you do in C++.) Explicit memory management in GC'd languages is also less predictable: Java can allocate objects on the stack via escape analysis, but if the object is determined to escape then it gets silently demoted to the heap instead. In performance-critical code, this silent demotion can lead to a hard-to-find bug. To me, the obvious solution is to build constructs into our GC'd language that nevertheless make explicit memory management predictable and convenient when the programmer wants to use it. A requirement for predictability is that whether an object is garbage collected needs to somehow be encoded into the type of that object (either via a static type or via a dynamic type). This is the philosophy we're following in Rust, and it's also the philosophy some of my colleagues are working on for JavaScript (via the Binary Data API). For one thing, last I looked, Chrome Beta requires the GL_OES_egl_image extension for off-thread texture upload, and had support for the ICS-only SurfaceTexture (although judging by the WebKit source that's ifdef'd out). GL_OES_egl_image support is very spotty on pre-ICS devices. I'm not sure that the fact that something has been thoroughly A/B tested makes it indefensible. It is possible that overuse of A/B testing results in a local maximum, with sweeping changes needed to reach the global maximum. Sadly, the pervasiveness of JavaScript means that UTF-16 interoperability will be needed as least as long as the Web is alive. JavaScript strings are fundamentally UTF-16. This is why we've tentatively decided to go with UTF-16 in Servo (the experimental browser engine) -- converting to UTF-8 every time text needed to go through the layout engine would kill us in benchmarks. For new APIs in which legacy interoperability isn't needed, I completely approve of this document. Well, we're talking about DOM manipulation performance here. Pages that use DOM manipulation heavily will see a potentially-unacceptable performance loss if text always has to be converted to UTF-8. Is fast DOM manipulation important? Given that the only way for the sole scripting language on the Web to display anything or interact with the user is through DOM manipulation, I think it's worth optimizing every cycle... I think you misunderstand -- I'm referring to the actual systems-level implementation of the browser engine itself. I'm not talking about the implementation of web apps. Consider a pattern like this: A page calls document.createElement(), adds a large text node (say, the collected works of Shakespeare in text form) to it, calls window.getComputedStyle() on that element, then throws the element away. This series of DOM manipulations must go through the layout engine. If the layout engine knows only UTF-8, then the layout engine has to convert the collected works of William Shakespeare from UTF-16 to UTF-8 for no reason (as it needs an up-to-date DOM to perform CSS selector matching for the getComputedStyle() call). There is no reason to do that when it could just use UTF-16 instead and save itself the trouble. See my comment above; I can construct cases that make this sort of conversion have unacceptable overhead. Would it matter in a real-world setting? I can't say for sure, because nobody I know of has tried making a production-quality UTF-8 web layout engine. But, in my mind, none of the benefits of UTF-8 (memory usage being the main one in a browser [1]) outweigh the performance risks of doing conversion. And the risk is real. [1]: Note that you still need UTF-16 anyway, for interoperability with JavaScript. So using UTF-8 might even lead to worse memory usage, due to the necessity of duplicating strings, than a careful UTF-16-everywhere scheme that takes advantage of string buffer sharing between the JS heap and the layout engine heap would. Native Client is only enabled for the Chrome Web Store at the moment. But you could use Emscripten. No, it's not. Go handles errors via exceptions (which Go calls panic and recover) and return codes (and "defer" is just "finally"). In other words, Go has a mix of C-style and Java-style error handling; it doesn't have any more features than either of them. (This is of course totally fine; Java's exception system is not a bad exception system.) What the post is asking for is more like Common Lisp's condition system. There are several inaccuracies here regarding Rust, unfortunately: "Boxes, which can be owned by only one owner, contain the data." We usually use "box" to mean "task-local data", which can't move. (Some of us are trying to drift away from the "box" terminology altogether, since it's potentially confusing -- "GC data" or "task-local data" is easier.) Generally we use the term "uniquely-owned data" for data that's intended to move from task to task. "This is conceptually similar to mutexes, but with an orderly transfer of control and no option for waiting for a box." The comparison to mutexes is puzzling; mutexes are for protecting access to shared data, while unique pointers are for transfer of ownership of data with a single owner. In any case, you can wait for uniquely-owned data to arrive on a channel; just use the blocking receive function. "Right now, it appears to be the product of a single individual." This is simply untrue. We have about a half-dozen core Rust developers in Research and several community contributors. Most of us have other responsibilities, but Rust is one of the top priorities of the research team as a group. The commit logs [1] reflect this. [1]: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/commits/master Note that Apple is abandoning garbage collection for Objective-C. Additionally, GC is not strictly necessary to solve buffer overruns and dangling pointers. Region-based memory management is an alternative for many use cases. Check out the binarytrees benchmark for an example of the placement new syntax: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/blob/master/src/test/bench/s... Are you using Readability? There was a recent change made to fix massive shutdown hangs when using that addon (or others that use FUEL): https://hg.mozilla.org/mozilla-central/rev/139e8e845aa5 Parametric polymorphism (i.e. generics) is not an object-oriented concept. I suspect it's likely that apps that wish to use an alternative rendering engine for untrusted content would use IE only for trusted content. Neat, I didn't know Fortran did printf right. OCaml and Rust both have compile-time format string checking and code generation as well. Managing JS stack frames using the GC would be very bad for performance. You almost never need to do that unless your language has something like Scheme's call/cc. You may need to promote closed-over variables to the heap, but you don't need to migrate the entire stack frame there. Dart's optional typing is not common in languages at all. What you're referring to is a combination of dynamic and static typing, which is not Dart-style optional typing. In statically-typed languages, the dynamically-typed values are clearly delimited in the source text and are not a compiler switch. I'm skeptical. Incremental cycle collection is quite hard, and you lose the benefits of cycle collection (only tracing suspected-dead objects) when you move to tracing garbage collection as a backup for reference counting. For mobile I would just use an incremental garbage collector with heavy usage of stack allocation and interior objects. Or use a reference-counted system and disable the GC entirely (leaking cycles). Rust typeclasses solve this problem; you can create a suite of methods with syntax like this: impl methods for [T] { fn filter(f : fn(T)->bool) -> [T] { ... } fn map (f : fn(T)->U) -> [U] { ... } } And then you can call it with syntax like: println(#fmt("%?", [ 1, 2, 3 ].map { |x| x + 3 })); // prints "[ 4, 5, 6 ]" The methods are properly scoped, so code that isn't in your module needs to import your methods to use them. That way, you avoid introducing strange action-at-a-distance in your code. Except for the memory corruption part. When reading that, I'm more aghast that we're still dealing with these basic bugs like "out of bounds array write leads to ROP chain that executes arbitrary code in the process". That just makes me feel even more that huge million-line codebases of C++, even well-engineered code like Chrome, cannot be trusted, because of the fundamental flaws in the C++ memory model for code that must be secure. Not allowing user-defined data structures to have the same syntactic support as the "blessed" ones would have crippled C++ for many domains. Much of the reason C++ is used is that the flexibility of templates allows custom data structures to be maximally performance-tuned for the problem at hand. In Rust, the goal is to use macros for data structure literals, which results in a simpler surface language and the flexibility of C++ without the confusion of templates. You can "goto" any case label in C#, which works like fallthrough but is more flexible (since you can jump anywhere). At the same time, it avoids the refactoring hazard associated with fallthrough, in which changing the order of the switch labels can change the behavior of the code. Of the languages that have "switch" (not counting ML/Haskell-style pattern matching here), C#'s approach seems ideal. http://allfinancialmatters.com/2011/02/15/gold-vs-sp-500-ind... Shows the S&P 500 clearly outperforming gold from 1973 to 2010. Of course, there were massive fluctuations; what this says to me is to be diversified (and diversification includes stocks). I think your proposed cure (a rendering engine monoculture) is worse than the disease (having to test in multiple engines). Convert to some canonical case on the client side before applying SRP. It's very easy. Disclaimer: Shameless plug; I work on Rust. Since you asked, you may be interested in Rust as well. It's designed for exactly this use case, with a focus on safety and real-time requirements. However, be warned that it's not at all mature yet. There's also D, which has quite good Windows support from what I hear. Joe Public didn't care about AAC and Apple Lossless either before Apple started heavily pushing them on the iTunes Music Store. Apple doesn't use popularity as its metric when determining which formats to back. When your compiler is doing interprocedural optimizations like inlining (which Go's does), then changing an upstream dependency generally requires that all downstream dependencies be recompiled as well. So incremental recompilation isn't a panacea, and I think the Go designers made the right choice in striving to make compilation fast. Of course, you can do something like incremental compilation only at -O0 with no inlining, which is what I suspect we'll end up doing in Rust (the relevant bug is [1]). [1]: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/issues/2369 DJB's qmail (the security-hardened sendmail replacement) uses it. Java does that, for null checks. I think they make the types read better, personally, especially if you leave out the space to the left-hand side of the ':'. It clearly signifies to the reader where the code is entering the type grammar. And if you leave out both the spaces to the left and the right of the ':' (as OCaml code often does), it's exactly as many characters as the version with spaces. "x|0" is the preferred idiom for this IMHO; it's one character cheaper than the shift and calls [[ToInt32]] in the same way. IIRC this is what Emscripten uses. This is very interesting, because it's extremely similar to the design that we need for Rust. We need: * A generational GC, preferably bump-allocating so that we can win on allocation-heavy workloads. * A non-thread-safe GC, because all GC'd data is local to a single task in Rust (and we enforce this in the type system). * A precise GC, because (a) we don't want accidental or malicious leaks due to misinterpreting non-pointers as pointers; and (b) because we need precise GC metadata to clean up shared data and run destructors when tasks fail. * An incremental GC, because minimizing pause times is absolutely critical for browsers. * A non-copying GC, because LLVM doesn't currently support copying GC satisfactorily (i.e. when allowing pointers to live in registers). Fixing this would require a significant portion of all target code to be rewritten. Also of particular interest is the ability for individual allocation sites to choose to bump allocate only, in the interests of performance (but at the expense of fragmentation). This could potentially allow Rust programmers to fine-tune their allocation behavior and trade performance for fragmentation when it makes sense to do so. Very cool, and I'll be sure to keep an eye on this. I've got a bunch of code in a branch to allow register roots: https://github.com/pcwalton/llvm/tree/noteroots-ir It just automatically roots live values that are pointers in a nonzero addrspace. Still doesn't support copying GC, and only works in the fast instruction selector at the moment, but it goes a long way toward making GC performant in LLVM. Unfortunately, we need precise stack and register maps because we have pointers into the exchange heap, which are collected eagerly. If the GC tries to follow those, then it'll crash. At the same time, we have to store a liveness-accurate stack map of those pointers so that they can be collected during unwinding. LLVM code generation passes can introduce any number of register-to-register moves and perform arbitrary arithmetic that we don't track. We have to be able to find all derived pointers so we can write those into the stack map and update register/stack locations if we move an object. The right solution is to have MachineInstr-level getelementptr instructions, so that we can discover all derived pointers and copies from a GC root after codegen passes are done. Right now, getelementptr instructions get lowered into "add"/"sub"/"mul"/"lea"/etc instructions too early and we can't track them. What we can do relatively easily (with the series of patches I've been working on) is to track one instance of each GC root across a call (basically with a fake instruction after each call for each root that represents a virtual "use" of that root). That we can at least find the pointers. Yes. This is just for now, as fast isel is much easier to work with. I have other branches that implement most of the SelectionDAG support needed as well, but they aren't updated to the most recent work. According to what I've read, in GHC there are only four STG registers that are mapped to fixed registers in the x86 backend (and only one of them can contain a value). All roots are guaranteed to be either in this STG register or in the STG stack, which is kept separate from the C stack and is tagged with pointer/nonpointer info. This is certainly an option, but it seems suboptimal to me; we want LLVM to have the freedom to assign registers as it likes. Exactly. Nobody I know would ever want to take the risk of working at a place like that. Especially with the Dunning-Kruger effect: the best (e.g.) programmers tend to underrate their skills, and will not be motivated to apply to a place like that for fear they will be fired. The parent post said that "all new team members" were subject to this. It's fine if you're willing to bring on candidates you aren't sure about on a temporary basis, but you're just going to send a lot of good candidates elsewhere if your blanket policy is "you will be terminated after a month by default". In particular, as other commenters have pointed out, you will be filtering out lots of good candidates who currently have stable jobs, but might be interested in your organization if not for the (justified or not) perceived risk of being fired for no reason. There's Secure Remote Password, which stores a non-reversible verifier instead: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protocol Apparently it's quite tricky to implement properly though. "Hijacking audio streams is obviously something Apple might have a problem with." But it's not Apple's audio stream, it's the user's audio stream. I don't think it's particularly unreasonable to expect that user should be able to decrypt his or her own data (assuming we're talking about data that isn't under DRM; DRM is another issue). Not true. Valgrind is a dynamic analysis, while these kinds of errors could be caught by static analyses. Go is a fine language, but I do have a nitpick here: you do not "avoid the GC" by using memory pools. The GC must still trace through the pool when it does run. The more correct thing to say is that you can reduce allocations with memory pools, which make the GC run less often and make it do less work. Furthermore, memory pools compromise safety: if you free a pointer to an object in your memory pool and you accidentally had aliases to that pointer, then you'll get subtle bugs when one of those objects gets reused. malloc and free are much cheaper than a mark-and-sweep. It is a much easier task to write a bounded-latency malloc suitable for real-time applications - for example, dlmalloc has a NO_SEGMENT_TRAVERSAL flag that assures bounded execution. By contrast, making GC with bounded latency is hard . Well, to be fair, Java and .NET have generational, concurrent, incremental garbage collectors. Yes, but that's only true if you get down to zero allocations. Memory pools reduce allocations, but you cannot get down to zero allocations--even if you somehow managed to convert every allocation site into a memory pool (which basically means not using the standard library), you'd still have to allocate the pool (unless it's stored in static memory, but then your maximum number of allocations is fixed). The only code I've seen that actually had zero allocations in a GC'd language is actually Emscripten-generated code in JS, which is of course not actually JS but C. "Sounds like the result of some extremely dumb law and management not having the guts to do the right thing and ignore it." Am I reading this properly or did you suggest that Google should be above the law? That's just one example. There have been plenty of startups, particularly in the consumer internet space, in which the names were generally accepted to be critical to the startups' successes. Mint vs. Wesabe is the most obvious example. Why do you want them to go away? I think generally industry consolidation is a bad thing for consumers. The other gotcha with "typeof": "typeof NaN" is "number", amusingly enough. Every time you dereference a pointer in any language with a null pointer type, you're implicitly admitting the chance of a failure (panic, exception, ...). With a sum type (like Maybe or option in ML), you never have this possibility; you have to handle the two cases (null and not-null) separately, and the compiler checks to ensure that you can never use the pointer unless you're in the not-null branch. What Bob Harper is talking about is that, in for example Go, you can write this: if x == nil { ... use x ... } Which is of course a bug. What you meant to write is: if x != nil { ... use x ... } But the Go compiler cannot check this in the general case. However, in ML or Haskell, it's easy. This does not compile, because the type of x will be option instead of T: match x with | None -> ... (* use x *) | Some _ -> () (* do nothing *) But this does compile: match x with | None -> () (* do nothing *) | Some y -> ... (* use y *) Because the type of y will be T instead of option . In the general case, the compiler can't check to see that that code is incorrect. Consider the case in which the boolean result "x == nil" is threaded around from function to function, aliased (you handed out a pointer to it), etc... Also consider the case in which "x" is aliased (you handed out a pointer to it) and it gets mutated to nil in the middle of the branch by calling some function. If you go down this road, you end up making the compiler perform a very difficult (probably undecidable) proof. There has been lots of research on this and it's not easy... Nit: Collecting a dead object is not free with a copying GC. You still have to scan it during the Cheney scan or mark phase. Huh? SharePoint is used by 78% of the Fortune 500, according to Wikipedia... Could we please not take the trendy HN cynicism so far as to equate Facebook with mass-murdering serial killers? It's a social networking site . We're certainly hoping that Rust is that language. In particular, we're trying to get the raw no-compromises performance of idiomatic C++ in a practical, memory-safe (and data-race-free) language. That means that our type system is more complex than that of C or Go, but it also lets us squeeze performance out of the machine without sacrificing safety. We do have an optional per-thread garbage collector (it doesn't stop the world, only the thread), but it's more like shared_ptr than what you'd usually think of as a GC; it's there if you want it on your objects, and you don't have to use it. (Disclaimer: I work on Rust.) (Second disclaimer: Go is an awesome language and, as this talk illustrates, we aren't competing with Go; Go and Rust have totally different goals and Rob Pike's languages were quite the influence on Rust.) "In a language with closures and Go-style goroutines and channels, the amount of programmer effort required to manage memory would be absolutely immense without a garbage collector." That isn't the whole story though. Microsoft Singularity achieved this with the exchange heap: closures and Go-style goroutines and channels can exist without concurrent GC, or even without GC at all on a per-goroutine basis. Google is sniffing the browser user agent and serving a different page to Firefox; the nice mobile page is restricted to WebKit browsers. We're working with Google to try to get that fixed, but ultimately it's up to them. We're using the bleeding edge master builds of Rust. Our work on Servo informs the direction we want to take Rust, and vice versa. Servo has been really valuable to help us determine whether the language features really work out in practice. Daeken's point below is spot on, but I thought I'd add that, if we don't have the manpower to rewrite everything in a safe language, we can go out of process and sandbox like Chromium does. (In fact, the plan is to sandbox even the safe code.) Of course, that's plan B; plan A is to parallelize the entire stack, top to bottom. WebKit, like all engines, is fundamentally single-threaded. Of course, there can be some parallelism added to specific components--in the case of Chrome, multiple tabs (to be more accurate, multiple origins) can execute in parallel--but there's a scalability limit to how far a single-threaded design can take you. Like I said, the success of the project doesn't depend on the feasibility of rewriting HarfBuzz. We're quite pragmatic about using external libraries; in fact, Rust's FFI is the best FFI I've ever used in any non-C/C++ language. Robert's point is simply that the end result will be better if we can make a memory-safe, parallel HarfBuzz along the way, written in a language that improves programmer productivity. Sorry about that; we're fixing this as I write this. We removed resources from the language recently; less is exponentially more. Don't see how it can, as it's just a UIWebView. I think that multicore support is unlikely to be the crucial feature that cements the success of the language of the future for simple CRUD web apps. Such apps are invariably not CPU-bound. Wide support on hosting providers, tooling, ease for novices, database access, etc. are far more important--which explains the success of PHP in the first place. It is feasible if the language is carefully designed around it. Rust implements this through its uniqueness typing system. It is impossible to have two threads share mutable data. That's awesome, kudos. How do you deal with maintaining the distinction between pointers and values on the stack and in registers? I didn't see any code to do that, skimming through that patch. Since it's a precise GC, you need to maintain the distinction. In Rust we have a very large patchset to LLVM to allow us to do this; it involves modifying nearly every stage of the LLVM pipeline. Curious how you did that in gccgo. Edit: I just looked at the source and it still seems conservative for the stack and registers. So it's not a precise GC yet and will not eliminate false positives. (This is of course totally fine, I just wanted to clarify for myself.) I/O bandwidth between the GPU and main memory is a significant limiting factor, giving SIMD instructions on the CPU an advantage. Running code in parallel across multiple cores is going to lose to SIMD. I don't think SIMD is going away anytime soon. I've talked with Chris Lattner about upstreaming it and the LLVM developers seem open to it when it's ready. In the meantime you can find the most recent work here: https://github.com/elliottslaughter/llvm/tree/noteroots-ir Currently, you are mostly out of luck if you try to use mainline, unless you're okay with the llvm.gcroot intrinsics, which pin things to the stack so they can never live in registers (causing a corresponding performance loss). Probably your best bet is to do what Go will do once the patch enneff was referring to is merged: scan conservatively on the stack and precisely on the heap. You can still get false positives and leaks, and you can't do moving GC that way, but it's better than fully conservative GC. By far, the hardest part of GC is precisely marking the stack and registers. Yet you have to be able to do it if you want to prevent leaks. Our goal is to put in the hard work so that new languages will be able to have proper GC without having to roll a custom code generator or target the JVM or CLR. Reference counting is a form of garbage collection. It does spend CPU cycles trying to figure out what isn't needed, so your claim that it doesn't "waste CPU cycles" is not true. Its advantages over tracing GC are that memory can be reclaimed promptly, that it does a pretty good job of spreading out the CPU load in an incremental sense, and that it's simple to implement and reason about. The big downside is cycles; lots of large reference-counted codebases constantly struggle with cycles (for example, Firefox). Adding cycle detection to a reference counted system is not easy to do in a performant way and almost nobody that I'm aware of but Firefox even attempts to do it. Without unsafe memory management, you can still do pointer arithmetic. See Cyclone's fat pointers, Go's slices, Rust's slices, etc. What are the thorny edge cases that C# generics have? Java generics have use-site, not def-site variance, which is the source of most of the confusion... but C# gets this right. The standard idiom in Go is X緑, I believe. In Rust the choice was much simpler: we didn't want to use the lexer hack, and we wanted to avoid arbitrary lookahead in the parser. Consider: let hashmap x; let x; After parsing the "let" we don't know whether to parse a type (which can be arbitrarily long) or a variable name. Switching to postfix types neatly solves the problem: let x: hashmap ; let x; You'll be happy to know that these issues are being addressed: * I agree about type capitalization. I try to capitalize my types in new Rust code, and I'm advocating switching to it generally. It is currently on the roadmap. (It's not just a stylistic thing; we can fix several issues in the grammar that way, most notably the distinction between an enum like None and a variable like x.) * The keywords are going to stay short (although some of them are being revised to read better; e.g. "cont" -> "again", "iface" -> "trait"), but identifiers are going to lengthen in new code. * '::' may change to '.', to make it easier on the eyes. I personally prefer '.', and am advocating the change. * You're right that Rust hasn't fully adopted dot-notation. This is an artifact of dot-notation being introduced later in the design, and we're in the process of transitioning code from vec::len(x) to x.len(). We definitely aren't moving away from the OO syntax; in fact we're moving toward traits [1] and maximally-minimal classes as a way to unify OO, Go-like interfaces, and Haskell-like typeclasses under one simple, coherent system. I'd prefer it if semicolons stayed, however; I think automatic semicolon insertion is more trouble than it's worth, as it ruins people's house bracing styles and causes confusing errors. That said, the way a trailing semicolon changes a block's return value is very confusing, and I'm pretty sure we can fix that issue. [1]: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/wiki/Proposal-for-unifying-t... Type parameters are invariant, unless explicitly specified to be covariant with a where clause. The instability of the language is something we've been discussing a lot, but I think it's better to make a good language than to rush something out the door and be living with our mistakes years down the road. That said, we are racing to get the design finalized as quickly as possible. These design discussions would have happened behind closed doors in most other places; the fact that you can see all of it just shows how open our development process is. We deliberately haven't been making much noise about Rust because we know it's unstable. When we are ready to finalize and commit to aspects of the language design, we'll make that clear. Mutability is pretty hard. Consider what C++ and D had to go through with const/immutable correctness. The design we came up with is pretty novel and captures all of our use cases in a simple way, but it wasn't easy to arrive at. What in particular do you not like? To me the proposed stuff on the roadmap fixes the problems I see (changing "::" to ".", camel case for type names, "alt" -> "match", => after pattern matches, #debug to debug!, removing argument modes -- no guarantees that we implement these of course, they need consensus), but I'm curious as to what your thoughts are. Yes, Rust is intended to play nicely with GTK and Qt. For one, browser engines need to interface to the platform-native toolkits. Scripting support would be cool. To me, Rust isn't necessarily the best language to write small one-off scripts in; I personally prefer dynamically typed languages (or whole-program type-inferred languages) for that. But if you want to write scripts in Rust, I'd certainly review any pull requests to make it easier :) Please file an issue regarding the build problem if you get the time on our issue tracker: https://github.com/mozilla/rust/issues We're trying to iron out all of these issues. Exactly. Facebook is determined not to become MySpace by heading off competition before it becomes too late. One of the most effective ways to head off that competition is to purchase it. My favorite illustration of the reason why OO and FP each have their strengths is the expression problem: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expression_problem Briefly, functional programming is good at one use case (adding new operations over the data type) and weak at one use case (adding new data type variants), while OO is the opposite (adding new data type variants is easy, while adding new operations is not). You have to choose between OO and FP based on which notion of extensibility is more important to you for the problem at hand (unless you use the relatively exotic solutions of multimethods or the generics trick that Wadler originally proposed). My takeaway is that OO and FP both have their time and place, and the pragmatic programmer will learn when to use one or the other instead of choosing one camp and bashing the other side. I wish I could agree, but experience has shown that not having operator overloading makes (a) operating polymorphically over different number types and (b) creating new number types (decimals, bigints, etc.) really awkward. The former is much of the reason we had to add it to Rust. We have matrices that can operate over any numeric type T that implements the basic operations (so we can write matrix math once and have it work on 32-bit floats and 64-bit floats; this is important for speed vs. precision for browsers vs. scientific computing), but we couldn't put an addition operator in the Num interface, so we had to make "add", "sub", etc. methods. The result made our matrix math operations nigh-unreadable. I was about to say "you can't do it", but I think you can -- the trick is to use a bounded generic implementation. Once "Mul" becomes a trait, you'll be able to say this: trait MatrixMultiplyRHS { fn mul(matrix: Matrix) -> Result; } impl ,Result> Matrix : Mul { fn mul(rhs: RHS) -> Result { rhs.mul(self) } } impl float : MatrixMultiplyRHS { fn mul(matrix: Matrix) -> Matrix { // ...implementation of matrix scalar multiply... } } impl Vector : MatrixMultiplyRHS { fn mul(matrix: Matrix) -> Vector { // ... implementation of matrix multiply for vectors ... } } impl Matrix : MatrixMultiplyRHS { fn mul(matrix: Matrix) -> Matrix { // ... implementation of matrix multiply for matrices ... } } It's admittedly a bit awkward, but maybe that's OK to discourage overloading unless you actually need it. Still, your point was very interesting -- I didn't realize this was possible! -- and I'll spread it around the team. Yes, this has been invaluable for us in Rust. One cool thing we've been able to do with this architecture is to write a fuzzer -- a tool that uses the Rust compiler itself to generate random Rust programs to test the compiler's correctness. I don't think the issue of separate address spaces is unsolvable. As long as you have a type system powerful enough to forbid aliasing between the CPU and the GPU code, you can do it. (For example, Rust's type system can encode task-local data.) I don't agree with that; task parallelism is easier than data parallelism in an actor/CSP-based system, but both have their place. Take something like x264 -- task parallelism will not help it, unless you're encoding multiple videos at one time. But data parallelism (SIMD, in particular) is the reason it's the fastest encoder around. For a "sufficiently smart compiler" you mean autovectorization. That's a hard problem. I've mentioned before that I don't think SIMD is going away anytime soon. It has so many upsides (cache locality, simple implementation in hardware due to the single-instruction nature of it) that I think designs that don't take advantage of it will always be at a disadvantage for the foreseeable future. Interesting, I didn't know that video encoding could be parallelized per-frame in that way. That's really cool; I stand corrected. Still, I think it's clear that an x264 with N threads per frame with no per-pixel SIMD would lose to the current x264 with N threads per frame. The key is that x264 is making good use of task parallelism and data parallelism. IE9 and IE10 certainly are putting competitive pressure on others (including Mozilla, my employer). For example, at the time of release IE9's vector graphics performance was far ahead (we're talking on the order of 5x) of any other browser, including Chrome and Firefox, and IE also led the way with background compilation of JavaScript (a very important feature, arguably more important to users than raw JS performance).