Users are not necessarily human - they can be search engines, API consumers, etc. What's in the annotation is configuration, not application logic. As such there's no real difference between putting configuration into YML, XML and annotation comments. In response to your 4 specific criticisms: 1. (DX regressions) - in theory yes, in practice the frameworks are good at this. The annotations compile down to PHP which you can look at directly, and you get exceptions if there is something wrong with the annotation. 2. (Decreased readability) - subjective POV. I find it easier, because the relevant configuration is next to the code to which it applies. It also prevents crufty out-of-date comments floating around. 3. (Yet another library) - Yep. No answer there. 4. (Icky feeling) - I get far more icky feelings out of seeing 30 lines of custom written 'setup code'. Annotations help to prevent that. That somebody could be you! Wherever this is likely to happen, I wouldn't use annotations. For example, I use YML for environment specific variables. But I don't need routes or fieldnames to be different only in one environment, so annotations work great there. Isn't it moo? Like the cow? Jakob Nielsen would have a field day with this. A partially-sighted TV license for a B&W TV is £25, compared to £75 for a full colour one. Ebay has quite a few B&W TVs available for £5-10. There are 360,000 people registered as partially-sighted in the UK, although around a third of those are over 75 (and so get a free license anyway). I imagine this must count for a fair proportion of those 13,000 TVs. Do you have a link for that? I've only seen them say "if you need to support IE8, you need to use jQuery 1.9". No mention of a plugin. You explaining it would be more useful than the bonus points. I had no problem just giving my email address. As amazing as Seth Godin is, blindly following (or recommending) every one of his suggestions in every situation is not a good idea, and I doubt he would say it is either. > #2 the Apple vision of the world is about consumer products (...) producer products are the future. In one sense, Apple has encourage people to be producers by making it easier to produce financially-viable software. Are you comparing Apple's vision with Microsoft's, or do you have something else in mind? I've used Axure quite a bit, since v5. There's a steep learning curve once you want to use any of those advanced features. I'm not sure how good your front-end coding knowledge is, but these days I find it's just as quick to prototype with Bootstrap. Of all the features I use regularly, the main one is a hand-drawn library which is great for showing people rough layouts without them focusing on colours and typography. From my experience of explaining APIs, most people don't understand the distinction between the web and software, let alone the difference between a web-based API and a software one. If a user knew what WebGL actually is, I would guess that they already know what an API is. It's writing on the users own wall, which they are asking it to do. Therefore it's not unsolicited. It doesn't write on other users' walls, so it's not bulk. The biggest problem with (human-written) email is that it's so poorly written. 20 action points, mixed with a bit of smalltalk, and lots of tangential information, all on a reply to a totally irrelevant email. The kind of people that send these emails either wouldn't use an 'expires' header, or would set the expires header to be '5 minutes from now'. They're the same people that have 'top priority' as the default setting on every Outlook email. However, there are ways of adding functionality to email clients without every single email client implementing it. Think YouTube previews in Gmail, and all the other custom headers on Exchange servers. Can't see the article - site is down. So what I write here is based solely on the premise of the headline and existing comments on HN. I work for a co-working space in London, which is like an open plan office taken to the extreme. Before that I worked in a variety of environments (I'm in my 30s), including public sector 'one-office-per-person' through to agency '3-people-per-desk' type situations, and working from home as a freelancer. Criticisms about working space often come down to 'the garden on the other side of the fence would be easier to work in'. If you work from home, you miss having people to have coffee with at lunch. If you work in a crowded office, you miss having 2 hours of unbroken flow. So the best offices try to combine a bit of everything - quiet space, play space, etc. Some people talk about the 'email-only' office like the Holy Grail of Offices. But it's not - it's cold, impersonal and unfriendly. It often results in unnecessary arguments resulting from people misinterpreting something. So a culture of "speak, don't write" is definitely a good thing, as long as there are some rules about when it's OK to talk to someone. The problem is whether people respect the rules. We try to follow the headphone rule - if I'm wearing headphones, don't interrupt me unless the building is about to burn down. The corollary - if I'm not wearing headphones, feel free to walk up and talk to me. So it's as much about culture as it is architecture, and that's something that often gets overlooked. Do you have access to the text? Maybe you could post it on Pastebin or something. Just read the article now. Yeah, I think the key to understand is that it's 'open-plan ONLY' offices that are the nightmare. Even in workplaces where everyone has a separate office, if the culture doesn't have a way of saying "this person is busy, don't talk to them" then it doesn't really help. I worked with a bunch of about 8 other developers in the basement, and it was fine. Some suggested rules: * Turn off ALL notification sounds. This includes vibrate functions on phones, which still makes a sound when it rattles on the desk. * No phone calls or conversations at the desk. Take it to the kitchen. * No talking, screaming, or muttering to yourself. Nobody cares about your problems, they're trying to solve their own. * If someone has headphones own, they're trying to concentrate. Send them an email saying you want to talk to them. I think you can try to improve it. However, too often people do use the environment as an excuse - "I couldn't hit the deadline because Geoff was typing too loudly". There's also an element of the cultural perceptions of offices. "Important people have their own offices. I want to be perceived as important. Therefore, I must have my own office." When I was young OSX, was so much better. It used to read my mind and produce everything I needed even before I'd thought of it. Including coffee, and sweet blueberry muffins. Without even plugging it in or turning it on. It was so much better than Windows. These days, it is merely an operating system. I may switch to Arch Linux, which I hear has a voice-activated Cappuccino machine and dry cleans shirts. I have always liked Sequel Pro. Then I started looking for an OSX Mongo client, and having seen what's on offer, I love Sequel Pro all the more. A few reasons: 1. Because about 90% of web users were on awful Microsoft browsers which was extremely slow at processing JavaScript, and made a very bad job of rendering CSS. Now, 80-90% of users are on a modern browser. 2. Google's methods of indexing and scoring content changed - it now parses JavaScript, gives value to speedy pages, is good at detecting keyword stuffing, etc. 3. Always-on internet is now pretty much a given, even on phones. 4. There are more developers, trying more things, sharing more experience. 5. Tools. In 2006, we had Drupal, Wordpress, Plone, and a few other odds and ends. These days, we have Varnish, nginx, Jekyll, CloudFront, MongoDB, etc. There are a lot more options, without having to spend a fortune or build everything yourself. First page load, definitely. Subsequent updates - depends. They do index at least some AJAX content - https://twitter.com/mattcutts/status/131425949597179904 . In the late 90s, the concept of video on the web was just starting. Problem was, the technology wasn't there - even Flash videos were a nightmare. Dial-up connections struggled to download large images, let alone videos. Hence, video startups of the 90s struggled and largely failed. But technology did change. Faster upload and download speeds, camera phones with video, consistent browser APIs that rendered video more quickly. And now YouTube worked, not because it was a new idea, but simply because the technology necessary for it to work now existed. Same could be said of static HTML. With a combination of Angular, Jekyll, S3 and websockets you can have a very quick site. This is not just a matter of fashion, but also the supporting technology. "I'm a developer. I like working from home. Therefore all companies should allow all developers to work from home." He who pays the piper, calls the tune. If you're right, and developers want and should be able to work from home, then economics suggests market rates for office-bound employees will go up, and profitability at those companies will go down. And there are wider issues here. So you allow the developers want to work from home. What about your project managers? Your admin temps? What about that lazy developer who you can't fire, but you know does nothing at home? Also, how do you still have those serendipitous chats around the kettle, in which you, the business development manager and the designer realise a huge sales opportunity? Having remote-working will make perfect for some businesses (be they startups, agencies, or huge corporates), but it never comes without cost. In some cases, those costs will make it worthwhile paying to have developers working inside the office. Yeah, this wasn't Microsoft bashing. Just pointing out that, for whatever reason, the state of browsers during that period limited what could be done with static HTML and AJAX. I'm not sure I understand your use of the terms 'original' and 'bland'. Many 'splashy and quirky' shows have totally bombed, while many cliched topics have been turned into hugely successful shows. It seems to be that you're saying "Why doesn't Netflix pick a successful show?". You might as well ask "Why doesn't Joe pick the winning lottery numbers?". I agree that House of Cards is unlikely to get the great unwashing masses desperately enabling Netflix. Perhaps because because Netflix is not just another network, it's targeting early-adopting geeks with the kind of show they tend to like. Or maybe this is just a case of 'nobody gets fired for commissioning a remake of a successful political drama'. It takes advantage of PHP 5.3 (anonymous callback functions, namespacing, etc) whereas a lot of the other PHP frameworks feel like PHP 4+. You can swap in components like Redis easily. Setting it to use mock versions of web-based APIs in the development environment. And the code just feels nice to work with. > Also "no man does evil knowingly" seems wrong - sorry, but a tiny minority of people really want to see the world burn. I think the point is that those people believe the world deserves to burn, or that by burning, it would be a better place. Hence, they are not doing evil while thinking "Ha ha ha, I'm so evil", but genuinely believe they are doing good. > Shy away from religion. Find the truth by yourself. You can't find the truth by yourself. It's just too big and complicated. Individuals believing that they have discovered some kind of truth is at the root of a lot of suffering. Going after the truth is a good thing, but you cannot and should not do it alone. I agree - it's not that they are doing good, just that they believe it. It's because of this that you can't just trust your own opinions on what's true and good. Without some kind of external moral compass, you're left with moral relativism. Interesting correlation between popularity and quality - i.e. the worst APIs are probably the most used. You shouldn't waste your life, no matter how old you are. But one person's 'wasting' is another person's 'enjoying', so articles like this don't really answer any questions. That was my interpretation. In most of IT (operating systems, software, APIs, etc) the more you use something the more you grow to hate it. My thoughts exactly. A good manager can make a difficult company bearable, and vice versa. It's open source. https://github.com/discourse/discourse Discourse implements a variety of open source tech. You may wish to familiarize yourself with the various components that Discourse is built on, in order to be an effective contributor: Languages/Frameworks Ruby on Rails - Our back end API is a Rails app. It responds to requests RESTfully and responds in JSON. Ember.js - Our front end interface is an Ember.js app that communicates with the Rails API. Databases PostgreSQL - Our main data store is Postgres. Redis - We use Redis for our job queue, rate limiting, as a cache and for transient data. Assuming, of course, that their business model predicts that over the course of those 10 years $10M extra profit will be made from having the domain milk.com. I have no idea about the milk business, especially not its promotion. But I would imagine that few people would not spend as much money on milk because this organisation does not own the domain 'milk.com'. It's more likely to be bought by a corporate wanting a pretty memorable domain. Deutsche Post was refused a UDRP request on Post.com, Interior Design Group was refused InteriorDesign.com, etc. Successful UDRP requests usually mean the current owner is using the name in bad faith. The usual explanation is if an apple orchard which has been in business for 50 years had bought the domain apple.com, then it would be considered entirely reasonable for them to keep it - even if their business was not called Apple. Whereas if an electronics form founded a few weeks tried to do the same thing, they would lose it. I'm not aware of any outrageously bad decisions in this area. It seems to be quite sensible. I agree, it's gratuitous. Anyone with a swear filter (families, corporates) can't look at the documentation, and religious organisations may feel uncomfortable. Being open source, perhaps there's a fork opportunity for 'Bootstrap without the swearing'. Ctrl + F shows two. Time to update your regex-fu, or use simpler tools. Any actual research to support that, or is it just an opinion? As I can't find any data, I've asked on programmers.stackexchange.com. http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/186407/are-th... So a hypothetical scenario: a client says to me "I've got this great idea to compete with Facebook by using red navbars instead of blue". Should I refuse the job because their idea won't work? I would clarify what I can and can't do for them: "I can build a working product that will scale to 10,000 concurrent users assuming you're prepared to pay $5K per month in hosting costs. I can't deliver millions of users, protection from patent infringements, etc." Also, if I think the idea is going nowhere, I would be careful about being paid up front. If their happy with my terms, I'm happy to receive their money. For the less technically able amongst us, how does this work? There are a few different plausible explanations for this, and there is no evidence for or against any of them. Amazing demos. Are there any real-world applications using something like this? Could this be connected with gun control? i.e. trying to influence the market in some way to make gun ownership less more difficult or less attractive. Random idea, probably stupid. Totally agree. His ego is orbiting way out there right now, and I can't see him sitting down to concentrate writing a history paper. Can you give specific examples of what is broken and how you would fix it? While this is true of bank, ecommerce, news, etc, sites, it doesn't apply when the author is just sharing something he's playing around with. My Dad grew up in the 1960s and he thinks the 60s were the best decade ever. My Nan thinks that everything went wrong after the 1930s. UK citizens pay for a TV license which gives them access to BBC broadcasts - through IPlayer, freeview TV, radio, and websites. The BBC is also able to sell DVDs of their programs in the UK, and internationally (through BBC World). In theory , DRM would prevent people selling bootlegged copies that would severely impact this revenue stream. Webkit ≠ Chrome. I think it's important that web developers do all they can to stop that idea becoming widespread, before people think all other browsers are just a knocked off version of Chrome. At a conservative average of $40K pa per employee, that's an annual staff bill of around $35M annually. The Firefox-Google deal is worth $300M annually, and their user base is 15x larger. Add in other costs, and it's not hard to see that either they've got a huge source of other income or they are hemorrhaging cash. It was very conservative (although I guess not all Opera employees are senior engineers). I was trying to make the point that there's no way Opera can be profitable from just selling search engine traffic. The open accounts show that they spent around $25M on salaries in Q4 of last year. Do you have stats to back that up? Recent surveys say that people are more likely to describe their phone as 'Samsung' than Android. http://news.techeye.net/mobile/samsung-galaxy-brand-trumps-a... Anecdotally, I would agree that the kind of people who know what Android is are the kind of people that know what iOS is - i.e. gadget-lovers. There's also the Amazon App Store for Android. People I know with Kindle Fires just talking about 'downloading apps from Amazon'. I don't think they know what Android is. Seems like it, though that could come in handy. By the time you've paid for the server, the time to write the wrapper, and the cost of maintaining it, $10 per month is actually pretty good if screengrabs are an inconsequential part of your UI. > Cannot decide which is a worse language, Javascript or PHP. If you discovered that the answer was one or the other, would it make you a better developer in any way? Would it help solve any problems the world has? Perhaps you should look more into why the "Gresham's Law of Programming Languages" exists. Maybe the have better documentation, a more friendly user community. Maybe they fix more real-world problems and spend less time mentally masturbating over programmer porn. Exactly what I found. I tried reading Les Miserables using a speedreading app (Fastr) and while I was reading more quickly, it left me wondering what the point of reading it was at all. When I read it in a normal app (Kindle), I appreciated the beauty of the language, the depth of the characters, and the intricate storyline so much more. For business stuff, a similar problem occurred - I missed out on key points in emails, and was less creative in solutions. I'm not saying that this applies to everyone, but for me, reading slowly is more efficient. The key is reading the right stuff more slowly, and not reading the wrong stuff at all. Studies have suggested that some do, some don't. The more deaf you are, the less likely you are to subvocalise. Totally not an expert in this area, but I think everybody associates more than just the sound of the word - movement of lips, memories, and other senses are also involved. Deaf people can obviously acquire those 'subvocalisations' instead. http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=8PhwXf9uj1IC&pg=PA114... From the article to which you linked: > But wait: Oxford Dictionaries online, while giving a similar definition – "a figurative or metaphorical use of a word or expression" – adds a second: "a significant or recurrent theme; a motif: she uses the Eucharist as a pictorial trope". Yep, post could be summarised as: "I currently don't want one. Therefore, nobody will ever want one. Anybody that says they do want one is a fanboy." The OP mentions that it doesn't go to spam, it's deleted entirely and unretreivably. It should also be possible to turn it off. It's the Innovator's Dilemma. For the owners and shareholders of TV networks, solutions tend to fall in one of two mutally exclusive groups: Option #1: Take advantage of all these people who say they'll pay. In the short term, you'll probably lose a lot of money as you cannibalise your existing business model. But it does give you a moderate chance of long term survival. Option #2: Keep the status quo. In the short term, you'll continue to be mildly profitable, though your long term survival is unlikely. Since markets reward short-term behaviour, the first option is career suicide for any CEO. While the second won't mark them out as a visionary, it will guarantee them a large salary. What would you choose? It is always about money. Currently, TV Company X makes a bunch of shows and airs them in the US. Some of them make huge amounts of money, some fail miserably, most are somewhere inbetween. You make money in the US either by selling your content to networks, or putting it on your own network. The networks make money out of selling subscriptions (B2C) and advertising (B2B). Internationally, you sell your content to networks in other countries. These will be whole bundles of content - let's say 5 shows, each with 3 series. This is a purely B2B business model, with guaranteed future income. Once the local networks have licensed the content from the producer, they promote it and sell their own advertising and subscriptions. It seems that you're suggesting they replace that international model with one where they sell content online direct to consumers. The producer now has to take over all the marketing of the show, and sell its own advertising. They will also come up against local competition who are now making their own shows. And they've got to build websites with payment systems, and offer customer service. Oh, and deal with local regulators. It will take a very long time to set up that new business model, and while they're doing it, they've lost all the guaranteed income of just licensing it to local networks. Their share price tanks as a result, and they have to deal with Carl Icahn launching a takeover bid. Then there's the evidence that the number of people who will pay to consume large amounts of content online, while still accepting advertising, is still relatively small internationally, because not everyone has the technical capability or inclination to do it. That is why it loses a huge amount of money in the short term. TV producers can't say 'iTunes or whatever'. They have to hire departments of people to build cashflow forecasts and business models that they can justify to shareholders. And if the CEO of TV Company X turns out to be wrong, they've lost their job with the $10M per year salary. In the long run, it probably will be the case that TV will be distributed like you say - aired through the internet, pay-to-play. But if it's not happening quickly enough for you, then just download the torrents. It's more profitable for TV Network X to ignore the money you're offering than to change their entire business model so they can accept them. Do Netflix or Apple license the content, or just offer some kind of revenue share with the publisher? In the music industry it's the latter. That model has been a disaster (for music companies) as they take all the risk for the failures, while Apple gets a relatively large proportion of revenue from the winners. This. We all mess up, but only the best ones will deal with it professionally and learn from it. Sounds like the OP is in that group. He didn't try to hide it, blame it on anyone else, or make excuses. He just did what he could to fix his mistake. When people say "making mistakes is unacceptable - imagine if doctors made mistakes" they ignore three facts: 1. Doctors do make mistakes. Lots of them. All the time. 2. Even an average doctor is paid an awful lot more than me. 3. Doctors have other people analysing where things can go wrong, and recommending fixes. If you want fewer development mistakes, as a company you have to accept it will cost money and take more time. It's for a manager to decide where the optimal tradeoff exists. In HTML5, it's fine to have multiple `h1` tags on the page, though you can only have 1 in each `section`. Even then, it's fine as long as you're structuring your page sensibly. For example, on a blog index where each blog post is in a section, it's fine for each blog title to be a h1. Matt Cutts talking about this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=G... ! Hmmm, interesting. So that's going in the other direction to the HTML5 spec, in which you considered a header in relation to the section it's contained in, without worrying about the section's relation to the whole document. It was the browser's job to do the latter. I will keep an eye on this. Thanks for the pointer. Thanks for that. I had assumed the header structures was one of the more stable parts of the spec! Perhaps the title should be 'A simple animation to show novices how the internet works'. It's a great place to start that explanation. Yep, YAGNI is a great rule of thumb, but there are cases where you know that you ARE going to need it. The marketing manager who says today "I just want a blog" IS going to come back next week and say "I want to a white paper on the blog, for which people have to register, and then it automatically subscribes them to a newsletter". After enough feature requests, you've built yourself a crap framework anyway. At least, by starting with a decent framework, the foundation of your code is solid. Actually, for some people, spending time looking around for a new service, deciding which service to use, learning to use that new service, configuring it for whatever you need, etc, is a LOT of work. If your whole business is pointing to eBay, or all your friends and photos are currently on Facebook, you've got to tell everyone that you've just changed URL. There's a lot of cost in changing. Sometimes the cost of staying with a service outweighs the cost of changing. You shouldn't assume otherwise. My Nan has never changed her gas or electric provider in the UK ever since energy utilities were privatised 20 years ago. Sure, she's probably wasted thousands of pounds and she knows that, but she's happy. Meanwhile, we've changed provider about 10 times - and I honestly can't say that the savings have brought extra happiness. > 30 pages is enough. By this definition, you could end up filling your life with airport thrillers. War and Peace has barely introduced a character by page 30, let alone got you hooked. It's a problem with 21st Century "instant gratification" culture. Like so much of life, many of the most rewarding books require effort to enjoy them, and get anything from them. By requiring the author to do all the work, you're merely consuming culture. Becoming a culture-producer requires you to invest yourself in it, to think about it and respond to it. You cannot do that based on the first 30 pages alone. If you do, Dan Brown is probably the best author you'll ever read. To use your analogy of falling in love, the first 30 pages are like the first date. They can be beautiful, funny, and interesting, but after a while it can turn out that it was just a combination of good lighting, alcohol, and some overheard jokes. If you get on, then it's mostly lust at this stage anyway. It takes a lot more time together to know whether you're actually in love. And if you don't click, maybe there's no point in meeting up again. But you have to question whether it's you or them. What are you looking for in a partner? Someone deep and meaningful with whom you can spend a lifetime, or a superficial one-night stand that you forget after a few days. I do totally agree. The characters are some of the most beautiful ever written, and I spent days and days in a hammock unable to tear myself away from it. But if I judged the book after just 30 pages, I probably would have said that it was dry and boring with too many characters, and too little happening. To stretch this analogy beyond breaking point, of course you want some initial chemistry, but you need to ask what you're bringing to this relationship / reading. Imagine you're friends hook you up on a blind date with someone described as "charismatic, supermodel looks, professorial brains". And you turn up, thinking "OK, Blind Date you have 30 minutes to impress me, or I'm outta here." That's what it's like picking up Tolstoy or Hugo and saying "if I'm not hooked after 30 pages, I'm just going to quit reading". You need to bring something to the reading. Just as you expect Tolstoy to be interesting, so he expects you to be rather knowledgable about 19th Century European history, Christian philosophy, farming practices amongst serfs in Tsarist Russia. You can still fall in love with War and Peace without that knowledge (as I did), but it will take more effort from you and thus might take more than 30 pages. And Tolstoy expects you to make, and to want to make, the effort to think about what he's writing. Dan Brown expects you to be time-pressed or naive - either unable or unwilling to challenge even his most basic assertions about history. So he writes for his audience, as Tolstoy writes for his. Tolstoy's motivations were closer to evangelism and pushing a political agenda. Dan Brown's are more about becoming rich. And if all you are thinking while reading the book is "what am I getting from this?" then you're never going to enjoy it as you otherwise might. I read Crime and Punishment because I picked up quickly as I left the house for the airport. Stuck on a plane with nothing else to do, I slogged through the opening section, trying to cope with weird names and an alien culture. But that book, caused me to get into lots of other Russian literature, become Christian, and ultimately inspired some of the conversations that lead me to marrying my wife. I doubt anyone can say that about a Stig Larsson or James Patterson pageturner. I work at Campus in London, which is owned by Google so there are quite a few Google folks around. I'll see what I can do. @fabpot How can I contact you? I'm @blowski on Twitter. There is a Symfony2 proposal on Area51. But I agree with the discussion at http://area51.stackexchange.com/proposals/36634/symfony-2 - StackOverflow itself is perfectly adequate, and having two separate subsites would be unnecessarily confusing. Yep. We naturally get cancer, but it doesn't mean life would be worse if we were able to prevent it. The way some people seem to see this is "Google contributes merely £6 million to the UK economy", which is obviously not true. Like individuals, corporations want to pay the least possible tax. If they're paying the legal minimum, what's the problem? If the British people want them to pay more tax, then elect a government which would change the tax law. At the moment, we're electing a government which hisses at corporations to make good headlines. Do you have any data on how much is 'non-trivial'? (Not disbelieving you, I'm wondering whether it's trivial for my use case.) It's not responsive - it shows exactly the same UI to whichever agent is viewing it. It is fluid width, since the maximum line-length is the width of the window. You can have a responsive non-fluid layout by having fixed width layouts with multiple break points. That ship has long sailed. Saying people are abusing DNS by using a country level domain is like saying people are abusing the word 'awful' when they use it to mean 'bad'. People _are_ using TLDs in this way, and the relevant countries, registrars, and ICANN seem happy to let them. It has no impact on the internet, other than freeing up a whole bunch of domain names, thereby lowering the price for everybody. [responding to your edit] ...If you think things shouldn't be hacked, then maybe "Hacker News" is not the site for you? Everything is a "hack" on something else. When we invented the wheel, we noticed that round things were easier to move than square things. When we invented fire, we noticed that rubbing two sticks together produced something that kept you warm. It's evolution. The alternative is to stay with what we've got today, just because. If they were suing Google or anything like that, you'd be right. But they're not. They're just saying "Google, your index would be more accurate if you made this change". They have figured out a limitation, think it's unnecessary, and are suggesting a way of making the system better. They're using the blog post to encourage others to support the suggestion. Actually, .gb exists as well, but the subdomain is dra.hmg.gb. .uk was created before the standard was agreed, and the UK was allowed to keep using it. Agreed. The LAMP stack did not become ubiquitous because it had a cool name, but because it was cheap and easy to build on. The name 'LAMP' was just a 'backronym' for what was already very common. Trying to repeat the trick by coming up with another cool acronym is not a good idea. The problem with the LAMP stack is the idea that one stack is suitable for just about any purpose. So you get developers trying to build hugely complicated algorithms with 'if' and 'for' loops in PHP and turning MySQL into an object store with ORM. Better to use the right tool for the job, rather than the one all the cool kids are using today, or the one with the best sounding name. Why should public services be ugly? Making the website more appealing for non-geeks results in more non-geeks using the website. The website is a more cost-efficient way of servicing non-geek citizens. So spending money on good design can definitely be worth it. Assuming every penny spent on aesthetics is a penny wasted is a developer fallacy. A lot of the time the design probably was sketched out in the 90s, and it's taken until this year to reach the development phase. I tried switching to Dvorak, and encountered exactly those problems. Perhaps if every keyboard instantly switched to Dvorak layout the moment I touched it, then it might have been worth it. Having to think about which keyboard layout I was using added more time and stress than was ever going to be repaid by the supposed benefits of using Dvorak. I gave up after about 3 months, reverting purely to using Qwerty. I have no evidence to back this up, but I suspect more and more developers are moving to Symfony2 due to the glacial pace of Yii development. Yii v1.1 was released in January 2010. In the following 3.5 years, there have been many changes in the world of web development - namespacing and traits in PHP, AWS-style hosting going mainstream, JavaScript MVC frameworks - and Yii neither takes advantage of them, nor makes it easy for you to take advantage of them. It's a shame, but unless they have some revolutionary idea, Yii is probably dead in the water. Not any more - working fine for me. Churnalism, of the usual quality from Daily Mail. The photos are from a book published in 2005. http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=5005952 If it's anything like Deception Point, I'll be staying well clear of it. Typically, stories in that genre use compsci-babble as smoke and mirrors to cover up the lack of storyline. You're right, the post is essentially meaningless. If it's secure why doesn't MI5, CIA, and banks use it as their CMS? Oh because it's not that secure. In addition to your questions, I would ask * What types of attack is it secure against? * How much work is involved in doing all the ongoing maintenance? * The risk tends to come from plugins, but those plugins are one of the main selling points of Wordpress. To what extent does this lessen Wordpress's value proposition? * If you do ever get hacked, what kind of auditing is there? What help does it provide for damage limitation? The OP is an overly-simplified response to typical boilerplate comments - [insert language or framework] is [fast/slow/secure/insecure]. Of course Wordpress is secure enough for the average professional site as long as it's maintained, but the OP sounds like a car salesman saying "Sure it's _real_ fast" without telling you the actual speed. The point is that secure is not an absolute, but a relative value. There will be many Fortune50 projects where Wordpress will be plenty secure enough. There isn't "one design to rule them all". There are designs that fit the objectives of the business. The objectives of most magazines is to sell as much advertising as possible, typically through CPM. I'm not a designer, but I'm guessing it would be hard to design a print or web magazine that featured loads of advertising and still looked minimalist. The ads are screaming for attention, so the content has to scream for attention alongside them. Magazines which don't tend to make most of their revenue from CPM advertising have more layout flexibility. The Economist comes to mind. I've had that. Some one-person marketing agency who wants a Wordpress installation, and you have to sign an NDA because they're going to 'revolutionise the industry'. Any scheme at all is always going to be vulnerable to false negatives. There are companies that have multiple-stage recruitment, with skill tests, psychometric tests, multi-person interviews, background checking - and still end up with a few duds. But if you can use a bunch of proxies (like StackOverflow, GitHub, and LinkedIn), and know the value of each of those proxies, then you can more efficiently match a person with a role. Sure, there'll be lots of mistakes, but it's hard to see a better alternative. > I teach my kids that they can learn anything they are interested in. I'm sure you have some caveats to that - like learning to read, and doing basic arithmetic. And that's the issue here. It's the 'curse of knowledge' again. For anybody that doesn't already know how, "learning to program" mostly means learning a bit more about how computers work. And universal computer literacy would be a great thing , much as universal literacy has been. I'm guessing that some people thought "if everybody can read and write, then we'll all become educated and be able to write great novels". Unsurprisingly, that didn't happen, but other huge benefits were accrued. People could go to the library and check whether that thing they were told was actually true. They had a cheap and simple means of permanently storing and retrieving information. Health, legal, and financial advice can be distributed much more widely. So I totally agree with you that "everybody should learn to program" sounds very similar to "everybody can write a novel". It's wrong. But "everybody should be computer literate" is a very worthwhile cause. What's included in basic computer literacy? Things that help people make better decisions every day of their lives. I know people that waste money, or put themselves into very difficult situations, through not understanding some of the following: * An understanding of what happens when you turn a computer on or off. What's the difference between Office and Windows, and between OSX and Windows? Between iOS and an iPhone? I know people that have upgraded their 1-year-old computer, because they wanted the latest version of Windows. * Basic security. Why is leaving a list of plain text passwords on your desktop (or even worse, on a Facebook note) a bad idea? Why should you avoid installing that funny game that comes with a cute emoticon toolbar? * Difference between a markup language, a programming language, and a database. How do these systems communicate with each other? You've probably heard of people hiring a £1,000 per day IT consultant to make something bold on their homepage. Similar point about email, internet, web, and browsers. You could probably throw in the difference between being able to install Wordpress, and code a CMS from scratch here too, so that people don't pay £2K for a vanilla install. It's fine to say "ask somebody who does know" but when you're totally clueless, it's difficult to know what questions to ask which person. Personally, I think that any computer education (well any education generally) is worthwhile, but universal concepts with practical application are the most important. There are certain concepts that all advanced users of computers know, but about which there is a damaging lack of understanding amongst beginners. As an example, a basic understanding of HTTP (not necessarily calling it that) would save people lots of money on their phone bill. I know plenty of people who see "1GB download limit" on their mobile contract and think that's fine "because they never download on their phone". When you explain that downloading includes refreshing their Facebook app, checking football scores, etc, they don't understand. Nor do they understand why they always go over the download limit. So knowing what it means when you say 'download' is a universal benefit. If you're using a computer of some description in the 21st century, downloading something will be unavoidable. Conversely, you can get by on a computer without ever using Excel or any kind of spreadsheet application. So while it would be tremendously useful to a very large number of people, it's not a fundamental in the same way as knowing the difference between a file and an application. I think the point the OP is making is not that you should learn programming so that you can tell programmers what to do, but that you cannot even be in the meeting if you don't understand how a program works. So in terms of your analogy, if building the bird feeder was necessary for you to understand the difference between a nail and a plank so that you could at least have a conversation with the builders, then it was a very good idea. In my opinion, the OP misunderstood the article to which it was responding. From the original, original article: > What we nonexperts do possess is the ability to know enough about how these information systems work that we can be useful discussing them with others. He's not arguing that we should all become programmers to increase the number of programmers. Instead, he's saying that you cannot be effective in any role in the agency if you're not computer literate. I'm inclined to agree. It doesn't seem very mysterious. I guess the UI requires that something is in that box, and to satisfy the edge cases where the user doesn't follow anyone, they fill it with other criteria, and use the 'followed' label a bit loosely. Could the title here be changed to something a bit more informative? Why are people surprised when founders close down a product in a way that maximises their revenue? To play on a quote, "cheap, features and stability - pick any two". I don't like all the suspiciously positive comments by new users appearing on this thread. @Mehul981, are you affiliated with askabt by any chance? The idea is good, but I can't see why I would switch to this from Q.js. The latter is: * pretty lightweight (9.8KB) * well-supported, with very active development (10 commits in the last month) * good documentation You need to explain the benefits of .andthen() in comparison to Q.js, because at the moment it just looks like another promises JS framework. Maybe I'm just cynical then, but I take "please use this great app" in much the same way as "please donate cash". I just assume that anything that hasn't been round for at least a few years is probably unstable in more ways than one. My solution is not to depend on proprietary software for anything absolutely critical in my life. > When I look at Ruby, I see C++11 in different clothes. Twenty years of cruft, and still adding features that nobody needs. A new language is a fresh start. That's not necessarily a good thing. Those '20 years of cruft' represent battle-hardened code. Those features have been requested - maybe not by you, but communities the size of Ruby, PHP, Python don't do these things on a whim. You assume that because...? If rumour is to believed, Google and Facebook have both looked into this and couldn't make the model work. The existing carriers and retailers are not interested because it threatens their existing revenue streams, creating huge barriers to entry. And perhaps demand is not as high as you think. I don't have a 'main' browser. I use Firefox as my development browser, Chrome for office apps, and Safari for general reading. It's not paranoia, it just lets me keep things separate in a very easy way. Another good reason for odd connections is that it's easier to guide people on common routes. For example, around Bank and Monument, it's often quicker to walk above ground - but only if you already know the route. If you're a tourist, you're herded underground with very clear signs. It's like progressive disclosure in software. By requiring some level of expertise even to see the options, you help to ensure that novices can't accidentally break things (in theory, at least). Imagine what would happen if TfL did this explicitly with signs saying: They're making the decision for you, assuming that if you're not sure, then you need the easy route. Other examples of this in the physical world: * The 'Black diamond' lane in airports (especially when they weren't advertised) * Special unadvertised rates in hotels * Theme parks with tickets for bypassing queues, though when these are advertised, they're more like price discrimination than progressive disclosure. This is what I do. I'm 'blowski' on here, Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, email, etc. It's a handle which stuck years ago. So although it's not my real name, it's pretty easy to identify me by it. My profile page also lists my real name and job. There was a play on Radio 4 a while back, where a guy orders a sandwich but it never arrives. Deciding that leaving would mean wasting the hour he's already waited, he stays in the cafe for years, waiting for the sandwich to arrive. Read 'Eric Ries - The Lean Startup'. Your time at this startup is not necessarily wasted, if you've learnt stuff, networked, and somehow helped you get your next job. Actually, I'm quite happy to see 'shitty grocery apps' outsourcing authentication, since it means they don't have a database full of plaintext passwords. It should be noted that MailChimp is huge. I have no figures, but I'm guessing they have millions of users. This means that problems that affect 0.1% of their userbase still represent a nominally large number of users. They don't have problems like user acquisition and brand recognition. For me, adding 'signup with Facebook' has increased the number of registrations. I'll worry about the effect on failed logins when it proves to be a problem. Should you prefer UX over security? Having your customer database stolen seems like the worst possible user experience. I realise that we're saying pretty much the same thing, but the design process should be like this: 1. Make the application secure enough so that the cost to a malicious user of cracking the security is greater than the potential value of doing so. 2. Given the constraints of #1, provide the best possible user experience. Makes sense from Google's POV. Separating 'Gmail the email client' from 'Gmail the IMAP/POP/SMTP server', the latter requires a lot of investment with not much return. It seems that most of the value to Google comes from you using their client, since they can: * show more contextual advertising * track you as you travel around the web (since you're more likely to be logged in) * use other Google services - especially Google+ So by adding proprietary features that only mean anything when viewed within Gmail itself, it's a big win for them. Also, once people become used to the microdata, they can gradually reuse it in other Google services. For example - complete a Google form straight from an email, that then does something special on an App Engine product. > I like MDD, money driven development. Good line. A lot of people will shoot back with "in the long run, it will cost you more" but the point is - a startup doesn't even know if there is a long run. Yeah, I really wasn't sure what it was about, what I was being asked to do, etc. Is it supposed to be GetSatisfaction meets Hacker News? Because Flickr TOS say you can't have a business account. http://www.flickr.com/help/forum/en-us/72157626812125880/ I've seen nothing that says that's changed. I just feel safer using Dropbox or Glacier. Flickr seems more like a social network, specialising in photos, and I wouldn't feel comfortable about using a service like that as a backup. As a business, the TOS are just not clear enough about what I can and can't store. If you're using this page to get hired, be warned that while this will impress future colleagues, actual hiring managers may get confused, or just not bother. So make it much more obvious where to download your CV . Of course, if you just want the karma points, then it's all good. Totally agree with you. But you want to follow up "Look what I can do..." with "...and here's how to hire me". I worked in a lead-generation agency for some time. We were doing competitions that could produce 50-100K entries per day, where the end result was a marketing email encouraging you to buy something. So we did lots of multivariate testing, with permutations of regex patterns, MX record validation, sending a confirmation email, client-side only, server-side only, etc. What we found was that a decent regex pattern (we used \b[A-Z0-9._%+-]+@[A-Z0-9.-]+\.[A-Z]{2,4}\b, taken from http://www.regular-expressions.info/email.html ), with MX record validation and common junk domains blocked (e.g. mailinator.com) produced the largest conversion rates in the follow-up email. In other words, less validation produced more entries, but they would have been lower quality, which affected our sender reputation and cost more. The confirmation email was awful for conversion. YMMV. Exactly. Your biggest challenge today is getting some users. Build a product that allows you to do that, and then worry about whether it scales. Let's say your automating squirrel cloning. The quickest anyone can do this at the moment is 24 hours. Your solution takes 12 hours using SquirrelClonr. Somebody in the pub reckons he could produce a Squirrel Clone-o-matic which does it in 1 hour, but it would take 6 months to build. Do you launch today with SquirrelClonr, or delay launch by 6 months to switch to the Squirrel Clone-o-matic? Since it's possible to increase the speed by 12 times, surely you should switch to the Clone-o-matic, right? It depends on your customers. If you can be profitable by selling squirrels cloned in 12 hours, why wait when waiting could allow a competitor to monopolise the squirrel-cloning market. Plus, if you find out that nobody wants cloned squirrels, however long they take to produce, you've saved six months. So premature optimisation (in this sense) means "thinking about performance of what you're trying to build before you've even established whether or not you should be building it". If you have no customers, it doesn't matter how quickly your code runs. > Your argument is like saying you're going to build a house but don't know if anyone will want to live in it The first houses in a complex are usually sold before being built, on the basis of a prototype - be it blueprints, 3D walkthrough, or a show-home. If they can't sell those houses, they don't build the rest. It's the cheapest way of establishing whether there's a market for the properties they intend to sell, and it's much cheaper than finding out there's no market having built 50 of them. > "today's code become's tomorrow's legacy code" Worry about it tomorrow. It's a nice problem to have as it means you're still in business. Most businesses started today won't be. Until you've established that your product is going to have customers, the performance is irrelevant. My favourite example is the fake 'Buy now' button. You don't need to build the payment process until you know people want to pay, and you definitely don't need to worry about how quickly it runs. If people want it, they'll pay even if it's slow. If people don't want it, why are you building it? Nobody buys a product just because it's quick (unless performance is the central feature.) Looks lovely, but I feel uncomfortable weakening my security just for a bit of sugar. I use ihackernews.com/ for reading on mobile, and log in at news.ycombinator.com itself for posting or upvoting. It takes longer, but I feel safer. Possible attack vector here? Developer is malicious (or their machine is compromised), plugin is updated to include naughty JavaScript on Hacker News. Or already does something malicious. Running any executable code on my machine is a risk, and should involve a cost-benefit analysis. In this case? Benefit - makes Hacker News look a bit nicer. Cost - I have no idea, without spending a time looking at the source code and Chrome's security policy. So my analysis makes me think it's just not worth installing. To use your analogy, is it better to have a car with no brakes now, or to save up for another year to buy a car with brakes? The problem with the analogy is that it's _obvious_ that you should save up another year because of the danger. But in startup-world, it's not obvious at all. To really abuse your analogy, if you're being chased by wild hungry bears, you don't care whether the car has brakes. I don't have a problem with this. In effect, those too disorganised or lazy to cancel are subsidising everyone else. Like gym memberships. The alternative is that paying customers subsidise freeloaders who sign up for multiple free accounts. Requiring a valid card number makes this much harder. This argument is very similar to that about the 'value' of modern art. We traditionally place all the value on the amount of effort that goes directly into producing the item, and discount any of the other effort involved in making it a success. Perhaps the cliche `success = perspiration + inspiration` needs to be updated to include `marketing`. Yeah, I wasn't happy with my choice of word, but couldn't think of anything else. I guess the key point is that if you pour 100% of your effort directly into development of the product then there's a good chance you'll fail. I don't think it's limited to new graphic designs. Any kind of change at all is met with instinctive vitriol. If posts looked more like "These bits are good. These bits need work. These bits should be scrapped entirely." then it would be easier to call them constructive. As it is, they just seem uncompromisingly conservative and pointless. As an example, amongst the buttons on our old microwave: * a picture of a whole chicken * one ice cube * two ice cubes * something that might have been a burger or a slice of bread * 3 x straight lines * 3 x wavy lines Never being sure, I ignored all of those buttons. But even the basic 'set a time, a power and go' method was awful. * Choose a power. There was no default. You had to do this before you'd set the time, or the time would reset back to 0. * Turn a wheel which increases the time. The first two minutes increment 1 second. After that they increment in 10 seconds. So to get to 5 minutes, you had to spend ages turning it. * Press 'Go'. Next to the 'Go' button there was a 'Cook' button, which reset everything. There was a defrost mode, which seemed to heat the contents for 2 minutes and 10 seconds (couldn't change the time). The results were identical to just heating it on full power. ...which cooks up some real Mega-Bites. Yes! It sounds like we did have the same microwave - mine did the constant beeping thing as well. As you say, microwaves are sold on the number of features they offer. I guess every 'program' is an extra feature (even though it's just a preset time and power). And if you have enough programs, then nobody will need the manual controls, so they don't need to be easy to use. At least, that's how the mind of microwave designers seems to work. In reality, most food that you want to microwave has precise instructions on it, so I really only need quick and easy to use manual controls. Some ideas for my ideal microwave (should any manufacturers be reading): * Small camera with OCR that can read the instructions and program accordingly * Thermometer which checks whether the food is ready. * A way of mixing the food, instead of relying on me to stop it halfway through and do it manually. * Cover which goes over the food automatically, so I don't realise I forgot only when there's a load of food baked onto the top. * Something which cooks the food without heating the container to an untouchable heat. With digital you can heat for a specific time and power, so it's replicable. This is great when, say, heating milk for a baby or water for Aeropress. There's a big difference between 30 seconds and 50 seconds at 800W. Points 1-20 are either aphoristic, or sound true but don't work out in practice. A lot of the points after that are more interesting. e.g. > Earn the right to address people by their first name. First names are powerful and should be used carefully; build rapport before auto-programming them into a mass email. And yet most data show that including 'Dear Firstname' at the top of a newsletter increases open rates and clickthrough rates. Continuously. > #4. Predictability kills. Typically, the benefit of email marketing comes from predictability. Sending an email every Thursday at 4pm builds confidence in your ability to deliver. It strengthens branding, and when somebody is ready to convert, your name will be top of mind. Even so, this seems like outrage for the sake of outrage. Did the users suffer any kind of harm whatsoever? It's like being focused on at a football match. They didn't 'endorse' the match or the broadcaster, and it seems like most people love their 5 seconds of fame. Barista Bar is fake so they're not endorsing anything really. I agree that it's a mistake on Twitter's part, but it doesn't seem malicious or serious. Public accounts and photos have got a bit more publicity than they expected. Most of our Tweets come from events where users are on iPhone or Android, so access to Echelon through a mobile app is essential. HootSuite offers this already, and it's only a little bit more expensive than Echelon, so why should we switch? Genuine question as HootSuite has its own problems so I'm always looking for alternatives. And if stuff doesn't get written in Go, then people will criticise Go for not having anything in production. The internet is not going to run out of space through people writing too much software. Some of the valuations raise a bit of an eyebrow - e.g. BatteryHD valued at nearly $41M. * In the case of apps that are native versions of web services (e.g. Flickr, Twitter) it's impossible to separate the value of the app from the service, so is your valuation of the whole service? * How do you factor in possible future growth, based on potential size of market, current market saturation, and possible revenue streams? It seems like they would be very difficult to automate. So the valuation of the app-maker is probably more interesting than the value of the app itself. A company that has made one very successful app is more likely to make other successful apps, because of branding and experience. Better to use a service that explicitly says this, rather than burying it on p47 in obscure legalese. If you want more privacy, use a different service. Once the article is created, it can appear in Google. Once it's in Google, it's more likely to have visitors and some of them might improve the article. I have no idea whether this was the rationale or even whether it's a good idea, but there might be more to their strategy than article count. Interesting that I have almost the opposite experience. My previous manager thought bigger buttons made the system look like it was 'designed for idiots', so smaller buttons made users feel clever and advanced. Given that most of these are listed on the homepage for the editor, this doesn't seem like a very interesting article. > The cockpit of the future will contain a pilot and a dog. > The pilot is there to feed the dog. > The dog is there to bite the pilot if he tries to touch anything. Not sure who originally said it. Oh yes, found it now you said that. Author was Warren G. Bennis. This is really a shame, as I loved the Tab product. To take my money, the staff in the Campus cafe _had_ to know my name, which got us engaged in conversation. I guess this is one of the qualitative benefits to which the post refers. I would love to see something like Tab work across multiple shops. In my home town, it would be great to have something like a Tab account which works in the butchers, the bakers, the grocers, etc. Anyway, thanks to the Tab team and good luck with whatever you do in the future. Thanks for the post. It would seem that Facebook has been able to scale. Perhaps this line of code worked for them in 2007, and they changed it only when it started to be a problem. > he was sure users preferred new features to bug fixes for old ones He's probably right (if you think of users as being the person who approves the payment). I can't imagine the CFO at a Fortune 500 company approving a few million dollars to be spent on bug fixes. The obvious question would be "why did we pay for defective software in the first place?". So perhaps one side effect of the subscription model will be less buggy software, since the business model relies more on keeping users than getting them to upgrade. An interesting read whenever the topic of keyboard layouts comes up: http://reason.com/archives/1996/06/01/typing-errors Summary of that article: The 'QWERTY was developed to slow down the typist' story is a lie. There is no serious evidence that Dvorak is a 'better' layout. If you were starting from scratch, there would probably be no advantage choosing one over the other, except that QWERTY is the standard. Retraining is a waste of time. One of the key quotes: > The study design directly paralleled the decision that a real firm or a real government agency might face: Is it worthwhile to retrain its present typists? If Strong's study is correct, it is not efficient for current typists to switch to Dvorak. The study also implied that the eventual typing speed would be greater with QWERTY than with Dvorak, although this conclusion was not emphasized. I have no reason to believe that the Workman layout offers any other advantages. Yes, I tried, and I switched back for the same reason as you. The amount of time I spent trying to work out whether I was on QWERTY or Dvorak, and in that case where was the full stop, far outweighed any possible benefit in typing speed. When people tell me that QWERTY is uncomfortable, slow, etc, I honestly have no idea what they're talking about. For me, the problem is sitting in a chair staring at a screen all day. "The plural of anecdote is not evidence." Without seeing some kind of properly conducted scientific test that examines a range of conditions (age, native language, current typing ability on QWERTY, typical typing material, etc) it doesn't seem worth the effort. If Dvorak (or Workman) is that much better, then it's surprising nobody has been able to conduct such a study. Laying in bed all day listening to the radio gives less 'finger distance travelled' but doesn't mean greater productivity. I'm being facetious to point out that 'finger distance travelled' is not a meaningful measurement (at least not to me). Sure, it's limited to the projects that don't need non-ASCII characters. If you need non-ASCII characters, you can pay the designer to make them. Well you're honest with yourself, and it seems like you know what the answer is. It's great that you're following a 'marriage-driven development' methodology, so pick a language and stick with it, be it PHP, Python or Ruby. None of them is universally better than the others. Most languages are better at solving specific types of problem. Choose what types of problem you most enjoy working on, and pick the language that suits those problems. I have no idea why Do is closing down, but I'm guessing it has something to do with lack of ROI. Hence, Salesforce has a fiduciary duty to do so. This repeated criticism on HN of any company choosing to close down a service is bizarre. Why should I switch from PHP, a mature and stable language with an enormous support base, many libraries and an obvious career path? I need a more compelling reason than "it fixes PHP's idiosyncracies", most of which I have come to understand. I agree. I was more balking at the title ('replacement for PHP') than the page itself. I could have said "come to live with" instead. It works, it let's me do my job. PHP provides me with a good living (I primarily build boring CRUD apps, also using Python and Ruby). I think part of PHP's popularity is that it offers a good balance throughout a product lifecycle - prototyping (because of the number of libraries), production (because it runs on anything), maintenance (because it's stable and easy to hire for). The best analogy I can give is like someone selling me a car. Right now, I'm driving a 20 year old Ford because I'm more interested in saving money than going quickly. If somebody wants me to get a new car, they need to show how I'm going to save money, not just how quick the other car is. I guess 'Slash' could do that, but right now the copy is not focusing on the difficulties I have with PHP. Does it matter? I've scanned a few QR codes at conferences, and in Google Authenticator. I see them frequently on adverts at tube/train stations. Interesting, but what's with all the weird flirting? Quite a few friends and family have put Dropbox on their personal machines at my suggestion. Because of a whole range of factors (trustworthiness, cost, business model, reliability, usability, design, ease of installation, features) I felt comfortable recommending it, and they felt comfortable installing it. The same could not have been said for Rapidshare, Megaupload, a custom FTP server, etc. IIRC, at the time there were a bunch of third-party solutions offering 'GDrive' by storing files in Gmail with custom labels through IMAP. I think the biggest OSes _have_ integrated something like this, but unfortunately they don't work well between operating systems. So if I'm on an Android phone, an iPad, and dual boot Windows and Ubuntu then it doesn't really help. Dropbox does allow me to backup and sync on all of those. One reason why it might _not_ happen - lack of demand. Clearly I have a very small sample so it's merely an anecdote, but I haven't met anybody that wants this for themselves, even if they think other people will want it. I know some people will want it, but it would need to be near universal for something like Gattaca to become reality. What is a chromosome check? We're currently expecting (in the UK) but haven't heard of anything like that. I think this is a very big conversation for me to fire off a quick HN comment. I'm mostly ignorant about this, and my Christian faith probably clouds my judgement, so it's difficult to say whether I'm being objective and rational. However, I'm not convinced that medical science is there yet, so my child is just an iteration for big pharma. Perhaps we produce a whole generation of intelligent children who develop Alzheimer's when they're 25. I realise that argument is made against every new technology (especially medical), but making an active choice somehow makes me culpable and it would be harder to live with it. Also, there's the idea of what happens if this becomes universal. Since some traits seem universally desirable, all parents will choose to grant them. So if everyone is given the genes to be massively intelligent, is that a good thing? Then there's the quality of life argument, which makes me deeply uncomfortable. Essentially, choosing a fully-sighted embryo over a partially-sighted one implicitly says "partially-sighted people are likely to have lower quality of life than fully-sighted ones", and that sounds wrong both ethically and practically. This is a really difficult debate, though. Put in the hypothetical situation of having to choose, I guess I would end up choosing the best possible embryo, but I'd rather not have to make the choice to begin with. I think part of the reason I'm uncomfortable with this is that those characteristics I would most desire for my chlid, are not selectable. For example, happiness, gratitude, tolerance, etc. It's not clear whether greater intelligence makes you more or less happy. > So if everyone is given the genes to be massively intelligent, is that a good thing? > I'd say so, yes. My thoughts on this are overshadowed by Brave New World. I realise how enormously snobbish and arrogant this sounds, but there are some jobs where having an enormous intellect would definitely be a burden. So either we have to automate those jobs (not necessarily possible), accept that some people are going to be very unhappy, or breed a specific group of people with lower intellects. I guess this is a variation on the 'tragedy of the commons' - something that's wonderful for your child and my child would probably be a disaster if it were given to everybody's child. > Just because someone is perfectly capable of living a happy and fulfilled life with a birth defect doesn't mean the lack thereof wouldn't be preferable. I think sometimes disabilities are part of what make them amazing people. Would Beethoven have written such wonderful music if he had full hearing? From what I've read of Dame Evelyn Glennie, she seems to say that her deafness taught her to hear the music in a different way. So I'm worried that removing everything we perceive to be a defect results in a rather bland human race. It would be better to work on improving society so that being blind didn't cause many people to become depressed, for example. Adding lifts and ramps to buildings as well. > Keep in mind, not choosing is itself a choice. I'd like that the choice is not even possible. If the choice can be made confidently by a large proportion of the population, then it would inevitably go this way. Yes you're right, a lot of this does depend on what we're considering a defect and at what stage. We have obviously done the whole Down's Syndrome scan, and we had no idea what we would have done if it had come back positive. If I could have done this pre-conception, then it would be a more comfortable decision. But if the question was about being short-sighted (which both my wife and I are), or whether we'd prefer a more athletic child, then the question gets much harder. > Why does "partially-sighted people are likely to have lower quality of life than fully-sighted ones" feel wrong to you? Usain Bolt obviously has two pretty amazing legs, and my legs by contrast must look 'less able'. But I'd be offended if you assumed that Usain Bolt has a better quality of life simply because he has 'more able' legs. So with this gene selection we end up in selecting only those with the legs of Usain Bolt. I feel the same about sight. I'm fairly short-sighted so wear glasses, and my glasses are kind of part of my personality. Even if somebody wanted to pay for the laser surgery, and it was a guaranteed success, I can't say that I'd definitely do it. So in the case of your questions - if somebody asked me to improve their sight, and it was in my power to do so, then I would do it. But I don't think it would guarantee them a better quality of life. Newsletters should include a text version as well, and you can set your client to show that instead of the HTML. "Normal" users (i.e. the non-geeks) do seem to prefer HTML emails, and in usability studies, A/B testing, and deliverability reports, HTML emails usually outperform text. In short, HTML emails are better for and preferred by recipients and senders in all but edge cases. At TechHub more than half our emails are opened on mobile (and mostly on iPhones, although there is some selective bias in there because of default image display settings). So mobile-first makes sense in every way. > We began by asking, what layouts work well on mobile? The answer for us was to think “single column.” This is nearly always the case. You can include pictures, and then use `align="right"` (or left) to make text float round the picture. You can use media queries to hide the picture entirely on mobile. You can also use two buttons, one for mobile (which stretches to 100% width and more height) and one for desktop. We use Litmus ( http://litmus.com ) to render test everything. I have a strange love for coding HTML emails, so if I can help anyone with a bit of free advice, feel free to ask. @blowski Images on any Apple device are shown by default. If you don't give any dimensions to the image, it will collapse when images are blocked. You can use a table with a background-color as a fallback when images are blocked so it still looks good even without images. That said, some folks go with image-heavy emails to encourage people to turn on the images. ASOS are particularly well known for this. And if you want to get really creative when dealing with image-blocking - http://www.campaignmonitor.com/blog/post/3642/email-with-pix... Most of the time as a developer I am merely bluffing my way through, but with HTML email I can actually claim some degree of expertise. > For me, it's all about keeping some control over technology. That's fair enough, but you are very much in a minority. I spent some years working at an email-specific agency. They sent more than 5 billion emails during that time for some very big clients, and we did most of the data analysis. They also did a lot of usability testing. I can tell you that on just about every metric - brand recall, clickthrough rates, ROI, unsubscribes - HTML outperformed plain text. There were exceptions, both in terms of types of campaign and types of sender - say, if your list includes lots of Hacker News readers. We found, for example, that including just one image will increase open rates by more than 50% but I can't find it now. Another article on the same topic is here - http://www.alchemyworx.com/alchemy_worx/2009/newsletter/issu... . I imagine it would be even easier with a conditional comment. But... why is something so childish on the homepage of HN? I don't get the difference between 'seeing' my hand, and looking in the direction of where I know my hand to be. "Streisanded"? I think that's the worst word I will see or hear this week. Why does the title have "Could be interesting" in it? If it couldn't be interesting, then it shouldn't be on HN in the first place. A combination of scrollspy (jQuery version - https://github.com/sxalexander/jquery-scrollspy ) and some CSS3 animation. Also not happy that they Tweet from your account without making it explicitly obvious that they're going to do it. True - I went back and checked, but I would prefer if they didn't do it at all. When a brand tweets on my behalf in this way, it always makes me feel less favourable towards that brand. Haha, that's brilliant. From their Twitter account: > Have an iPhone 3? Download RAM twice to make it a iPhone 5. https://twitter.com/DownloadMoreRam/status/38502626000858726...