I think with iOS, even if you disable zooming, you still get that 300ms delay. A better solution would be to instead of listening to only click, listen to both click and doing interesting things with ontouchend. I recall implementing something like that a while ago, where when an element is touched (ontouchstart), I saved the X and Y coords of the touch, and when the user releases their finger (ontouchend), if the finger hasn't moved more than say 32 pixels, I fired the callback to whatever. Of course, you also need to do something to prevent triggering the event twice, but when done correctly, you get both nice quick click events and zooming. Well, the title says they stopped using Google analytics, and the article explained that they stopped using Google analytics, why they did it, and what they're doing instead. You may not find it interesting, but the title clearly reflects the content, so I'm not sure how it's click bait. I don't think it was meant as a complaint about Windows as much as it was an anecdote about icons vs text. You also obviously often want to slightly change the content of say a blog post, fixing typos or factual inaccuracies and such. Tracking down every old link and replacing it with an updated one would be a big undertaking. For $5/month, you can get a pretty great VPS at digital ocean; 512MB RAM, 20GB SSD, 1Gbit/s bandwidth with 1TB/month trabsfer, giving you root access to your own server. You also get your own IP address, instead of sharing IPs and using virtualhost hacks like those web hosts do. Been using them for a while now, works really well. "Your 32 completely random characters doesn't contain enough special symbols, and is thus insecure." Open the inspector (depending on your browser, but it's probably ctrl+shft+i), find the narrow element, and change its width, like this: https://d.mort.coffee/img/change-width.png That inspector is incredibly useful any time a website does something stupid and you just want to read the bloody content. I really doubt Apple will ever be big enough for many big game developers to consider making exclusives for Macs. They don't even sell any computers remotely targeted at games, and often sacrifice price and cooling for prettier design. Did you try to download the x86 build? If so, it's your fault. If they don't provide an arm build, or if you got the arm build, it's Mozilla's fault, not Debian's. It's like not putting a condom on your car. Sure, HIV might stick a hole in it, but I'd still use one. I kind of like doing comments like this: "#": " my comment" Linux? But he was talking about OS X... It would literally need just one frame to see and store all available information in said frame. This means that in just a few frames, it could jump around the entire map and get a complete overview of what's available. It could easily be abstracted away, meaning the AI has access to a complete view of the map from its point of view, provided by a relatively simple conventional piece of software which just now and then jumps across the entire map and processes the images. It's thus not really an interesting problem to solve in this context, just a minor annoyance. It's a huge difference between clicking on a random facebook.com.totallynotphishing.com link, and being on the legitimate facebook.com and having that tab automatically go to a phishing site while you're not looking. So something _has_ changed in other words. You used to implicitly trust Yubikey's word that they put the publicly available source code on their devices, just like now, but you used to also be able to verify their code such that you could be fairly sure that if the trust in the company is warranted, their product is fairly secure, or more importantly, find security issues in their code. Higher level languages generally being slower than lower level languages has been documented for decades. That only mentions using their API, not reverse engineering the algorithm. Why even bother to learn programming if you can't use it to automate common tasks? How many people play call of duty? Overwatch? Battlefield? Skyrim? Not the majority of people, but a hell of a lot of people still. If people really wanted parsing directives, they could just say that keys starting with # and their values are parsing directives - e.g: { "#if": "parserversion > 1.5", "key": "somevalue", "#else": "", "key": "othervalue" } Thought I also don't really see any reason to include parsing directivesin JSON. That's not even the tone-deafest part though. What really made me cringe is his heartfelt follow-up, "that's really really sad!" How about the second largest desktop OS in the world, OS X (or now macOS)? That's BSD. The language is entirely uninteresting; what's interesting is what the runtime allows you to do. Browsers purposefully don't allow you to create raw TCP connections, yet JavaScript can in many other contexts (e.g node.js) create raw sockets perfectly fine. This. I personally agree with everyone saying const > let, but I just don't find myself caring enough about it to add the inconvenience of typing 5 characters instead of 3 every time I need to create a variable. Wouldn't it have been easier to use the C# JSON parser, and then later walk the tree it creates and convert it into a more sane data structure that way? Remember, it's PHP. Code will be running again on the next request. Only the process (or thread or whatever) handling the request with the invalid JSON crashes, and it only crashes after producing a persistent session; the next request, a different process/thread/whatever will run code, but the session from the previous request still exists. It's not about working hard to minimize typing, it's more about not wanting to switch from a state of little typing to a state of more typing. Also, it has nothing to do with optimization; I don't think there exists a single person who uses "let" over "const" because of performance reasons. I also don't think anyone uses "let" over "const" because they think it improves code quality. Unless the people making the cable decided to put their logo on top and the USB symbol on the bottom. I have one such cable from belkin. That example is about conveying the information verbally to another human, so syllables is interesting, not characters. "h h h h h h h h h h" is 10 syllables, "10 tosses, all heads" is 4 (and could be compressed further to "10 heads"). JavaScript lets you listen for multi touch events just fine with touch starts, ends, and moves, and lets you keep track of each finger separately. What gestures would it not be possible to implement with that? I switched to iOS this christmas. One of the first things I did was try to google something, get infuriated by the crappy AMP user experience, get even more infuriated there was no way to disable it anywhere, and switch to DDG. I'm an individual, not a company. I make web pages. Lots of other individuals also make web pages. It's not like only companies make websites and consumers only use websites. Maybe, I don't know. My point was that Google fucking with the web doesn't only affect companies. Even if there's vastly more company websites than personal websites, there's a vast number of personal websites too. I see you have never wanted to link someone to an AMP page. You also somehow didn't notice that there's a huge useless bar at the top of the page. Firefox' non-developer version is also getting more locked down. I had to change to it from the regular version when I couldn't use the extension I have written for myself anymore, because Mozilla removed the option to install unsigned extensions. What kind of mental gymnastics are you talking about? HTTP/2 is faster than HTTP/1. In practice, HTTP/2 requires TLS. Therefore, in practice, to get higher performance, you can achieve better performance with HTTPS than with HTTP. Java also has the problem of long startup times while the JIT is doing its thing. Javascript has always just started executing right away. Waiting a minute or two for a Java loading bar wasn't fun. Multi threaded programming man. I've lots of times had a bug which just sometimes occurs, and the easiest way to reproduce it is to just run the exact same program with the same inputs over and over until it randomly decides to not work. I find it hard to take powershell seriously, considering last time I tried using it for anything, I just wanted to quickly download something over http. Looked for something like 'wget ' online, the only results I found was something like multiple verbose lines of instantiating an http client and calling methods on it. That's fine for a programming language, completely horrible for an everyday shell, from the perspective of someone who generally only uses Firefox and a terminal emulator in Linux. After some googling just now, it seems like there's now an Invoke-WebRequest command, but that too looks like a hell of a lot of typing compared to Linux shells. There's also the fact that lots of stuff in windows wasn't designed to be accessible through the cli. You can't, for example, make a powershell script to toggle an audio output device on and off, as that's only available through the GUI. That's better than letting it get swallowed, but in my experience is pretty terrible still, as it often just results in a stack trace where your code literally doesn't exist at all. In a somewhat big project, just having a vague error message without as much as a line number is hell. Limiting a comment's length to 140 characters sounds pretty shitty, especially if your content will be content suited for longer in-depth replies. the nice thing about standards is that you don't have to make sure the script runs in a billion different shells. You just have to make sure your code is POSIX compatible, and all of a sudden, all POSIX compatible shells will interpret it just fine! Isn't that fantastic? The file size increase will continue to be an issue for a long time. As hard drive space started becoming cheap enough for PCs, people started wanting their songs on phones and MP3 players, where the storage was still expensive. As phones are now starting to get cheap enough internal storage for the flac file size not to matter, people are starting to stream music, where the file size is again important, as people are streaming music through cellular, where the price per gigabyte is still high. Maybe, once most people, even in the third world, have unlimited data plans, music file sizes will stop mattering. Or maybe we will have moved on to something else entirely where big files is still an issue. Maybe people will want to stream music from earth to space stations or lunar bases, I don't know. That assumes the only sites you want to use SSL with is sites with a web root. Many sites use python's flask or node.js or similar, where you instead have an http server running on a high port, then proxy requests to certain domains to those ports. Such a script won't work with a setup like that. > Nothing stops you from running a CA that offers 1 year certs over ACME. Or just providing one that also offers 90 day certs. If people will trust that CA is another question. You know that's BS. All of your users would get certificate errors, that's what's preventing you from running your own CA. The issue here doesn't seem that a data center went down, but that there was a bug which caused downtime. Google's broken AMP crap is what made me switch to duckduckgo on iOS. I don't know if it's the same in bash, but at least in zsh, "git branch " and "b " have the exact same result, if b is aliased to "git branch"; the first tab fills in the name of the branch, another lets me select a commit, and further tabs are command line options. You might also be interested in this function from my zshrc: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/f078de8890461d247af45... Basically, if you're in the directory `~/something/src/projectname/foo/com/something/bar/baz`, and want to get back up to say `~/something/src/projectname/foo`, `to foo` will do that. (Or `to oo` or `to o`; it matches the end of the name, and goes to the first match; `to ing` would go to `~/something/src/projectname/foo/com/something`). Why is there an annoying "open in app" button covering the content? it's just text and pictures, my web browser handles that just fine. If I want to open it in an app, I can open it in pocket. Who is talking about ultimate truths? Science is about doing observations and trying to figure out what models explain the observations best, not finding some mystical ultimate truth. I would also be interested in a citation, but it does make sense; if tracking dots is well known (which they are), and it was easy to circumvent by just removing yellow toner, anyone somewhat technically adept would just remove their toner before printing their illegal documents. Firstly, there's no requirement to read other unrelated threads before commenting in this thread. Secondly, what's more relevant: Siri, Cortana, and Alexa, or random assistants on the Play store? (I'm ignoring Google Assistant, as that's named after a company, not a male or female). To be clear, I don't think it matters whether assistants are named after males or females, I just thought your comment was needlessly dismissive. Had you provided a link to the other hacker news thread[s] and not been as aggressive, your comment would have had much more value. Others, like JS and Lua, just use doubles, meaning they'll never overflow - instead every 2 numbers start to be considered equal. Then a while after that every 4, etc. Not exactly optimal behavior when using incrementing IDs. I don't like the goto fail thing being discussed as an example of goto being evil. If they had used the other common pattern - returning -1 on failure - instead of the pattern they used, their code would look like this: if (a) return -1; if (b) return -1; return -1; if (c) return -1; return 0; And literally the exact same issue would occur, even though goto wasn't used. You don't need ifs either, just conditional goto. Well, that guy was right to be worried. Apple made extremely successful consumer products, but where are their servers? You could rightly argue that it's better for apple to focus on other stuff than servers, but it most definitely wasn't better for the people who depended on their server hardware and software. Isn't a lot of the "4k" in consoles really just rendering at a lower resolution and upscaling? And even if you don't use those, denounce takes about 4 lines to write. WebRTC for the browser is poorly documented, but try their C++ library. The documentation is _literally_ "it's open source, to look st headers in the api/ directory". Just look at this: https://webrtc.org/native-code/native-apis/ - a couple of high level diagrams, and links to headers. It wasn't originally, but twitter over SMS hasn't been relevant for a long time now. They definitely would have gone away from the 140 char restriction if they thought it would have made their service better. So... no ISO standard is really free or open, just drafts which may or may not be similar? That sounds kind of shitty. A lot of stuff works amazingly well when you're on the same wifi network as the development server and use a top of the line iPhone 7. I assume most "usability testing" from such websites are done like that. I do? The problem for me is that i3 is only a part of the puzzle. I use sxhkd for a bunch of hotkeys; that has to be replaced. I use xdotool _a lot_, and I don't know if such functionality is even possible in wayland. I use scoot heavily, both as a way to screenshot from a hotkey (presumably easy to replace?) and as part of scripts; my script which locks the computer uses scrot, imagemagick and i3lock. There's probably a bunch of other small things in my system which will break by not having an X server too. Who said anything about UB? You can easily fuck up a parallel program in a nondeterministic may without UB. If two threads are in a deadlock, each waiting for the other thread to release a resource it needs, nobody cares that it wasn't caused by UB. I use i3wm's `bindsym` for stuff that's related to window management, like moving around windows, resizing them, moving windows or focus to workspaces, etc. Other stuff, like volume control, screenshots (print screen -> take screenshot, upload to a web server, put URL in clipboard), mouse movement (with xdotool), etc. is handled through sxhkd. There's no reason I couldn't just use bindsym for all of that, but now non-windowing hotkeys is not coupled with the WM, so I could choose to switch window manager and still have all non-WM hotkeys work. Here's my git repository with all dotfiles and such: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf I use i3wm (well, i3-gaps) as the WM. Xdotool is just used to move the cursor with hotkeys: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/7c12d4215c703de0c6935... , scrot is used both for a print screen button (scrot takes the picture, then it's copied to my server with scp, and the URL is put in the clipboard: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mshot ) and for i3lock (scrot takes the picture, imagemagick pixelates, i3lock shows it: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mlock ). I also have a project called dedaemon: https://github.com/mortie/dedaemon . That uses udev to listen to events, like displays or input devices being connected or disconnected, and does a preconfigured to them. I for example have these lines, which sets the resolution and frame rate to any connected monitor to the highest possible, and positions it to the left of the primary monitor: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/7c12d4215c703de0c6935... . I imagine porting that functionality to wayland would be really hard, and probalby require writing custom extensions to each window manager separately. There's also this other project I have, which isn't really related to wayland, but which I still feel is relevant: mmenu - https://github.com/mortie/mmenu . It just makes dmenu work as a calculator, running the input through python if it doesn't match a program in your $PATH, plus some other features. One thing I don't really like about that site is that it gives browsers worse scores for not unblocking third parties which promise to honor do not track. Surely you're more safe when you don't trust anyone instead of trusting that third parties which honor DNT actually honor it. It kind of reeks of pushing an agenda, which would have been okay (it's the EFF after all) if the tool didn't claim to score your browser on how well it protects you from tracking. I absolutely hate that you can't have unused variables in Go, or that you can't have unreachable code in Go or Java. It makes the already tiresome work of debugging significantly more frustrating. How are you supposed to make data structures which work with any type without void pointers in C? Every since the last patch there has been a bug where if person A of one team takes down a gym and puts in a pokemon, person B of the same team has to wait half an hour before they can put in their pokemon, getting a "The gym is under attack!" error message before those ~30 minutes. The one core gameplay feature, taking down gyms together with one or more friends, has been broken for almost two weeks. The incompetence is staggering. There are workarounds (everyone have to insert their pokemon at the exact same time), but that's besides the point. That looks pretty interesting. stole the idea and made something similar in bash: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/master/bin/mousetree , with hotkeys configured with sxhkd: https://github.com/mortie/nixConf/blob/d87f241963edc49a57171... I don't know about A, I just know it's far too long to just hang around and wait, but regarding B: I'm certain that when my brother and I have taken over a gym together, both present in the fight, and one have put in a pokemon before the other, the other can't insert a pokemon because "The gym is under attack". It's not useful in shipped code, and absolutely should be a warning, but it's incredibly useful while creating the program or debugging. I'm far from an expert on the topic, but I'm pretty sure APFS does a lot of global locking, which would definitely explain at least some of that. There's not really such a thing as "gaining unauthorized access to the salt" when you already have the hash; the salt is just as secret as the hash, and the hash is useless as a means of authentication without the salt, so obtaining the hash, unauthorized or not, generally also means you obtain the salt. Libraries for algorithms like scrypt even usually give you one string which contains both a random salt and a hash. You can regenerate a rainbow table which uses that salt, but you'd have to generate a rainbow table for every password, since each password has its own random salt. I don't know how rainbow tables work exactly, but I'd assume an old fashioned brute force attack or dictionary attack is cheaper than making a rainbow table for each password. I just noticed now, 4 days late, that I wrote APFS but meant HFS+. Sorry. You can't figure out how to set >1x speed? On the playback screen, there's one button in each of the bottom corners; bottom right lets you set a sleep timer, bottom left has a whole bunch of settings, including playback speed. Well, the easiest way to protect against it is making sure an attacker doesn't know your wifi password. This isn't necessarily only about copyright infringement (though it's definitely that too). If some of the source code on your machine contain sensitive information, like API keys, database passwords, etc. Legally, the word "theft" isn't only used when one party loses anything; a victim of identity theft doesn't lose their identity, yet we don't call it "identity infringement". I'm not familiar enough with US law to know for sure, but it wouldn't surprise me if the word "theft" is used somewhere for obtaining sensitive information without permission. Are you serious? Eich wrote it for Netscape in 10 days. If you want to blame anyone, blame those at Netscape who only gave him a week and a half. He did a phenomenal job given the situation. Fuck Kite. This is obvious damage control after the backlash of their severe betrayal of the open source community. They’re not sorry they did what they did; they're sorry they got caught. The title “Staying Open” is so full of BS it hurts. Yes, and the parent comments are talking about a way to make it possible to compile all the shaders on startup instead of in the middle of the game. Longer loading times > stuttering. What are you trying to argue? Can't people on the Internet both enjoy telling someone they're wrong, _and_ be interested in someone saying they were wrong, at the same time? I've been doing a lot of low-ish level programming with video hardware on an embedded system. I mmap a buffer, which gives direct access to the hardware. I trust that the driver reports the correct size of the buffer, and that the hardware puts the bits in that buffer in the way its spec promises. How the fuck do you formally prove any of that? I can prove that my software, for example, moves bits from offset x to offset y in the buffer correctly, but how do I prove that it makes sense to move those bits in that way? Or that I have interpreted the driver's documentation correctly, or the v4l2 API correctly, or that the hardware or driver does what it says it does? Keep in mind that this is C++ of course, so there's no mathematically rigorous type system; I just have a uint8_t pointer to a place in memory. I can potentially lay down a bunch of assumptions, and prove that, given those assumptions, my program acts correctly. However, most of the bugs arise from incorrect assumptions. One concrete example: When feeding pixel data to the onboard hardware h264 encoder's driver, after having set a resolution of 1920x1080, the resulting h264-encoded frame will be displayed in a h264 decoder with a resolution of 1920x1080. This turned out to be wrong, because the hardware can only deal with blocks of size 16x16, so the width and height must be a multiple of 16, and the driver isn't smart enough to add the necessary metadata to make a decoder crop it, so there's 8 green (because YCbCr) pixels on the bottom of the video. The solution to this is to manually splice the h264 bitstream, to insert my own metadata which has the correct cropping. How the fuck do you formally prove any of that? Just getting YouTube red is a great solution - for those two or so countries where it's available. Most of us here in the non-US part of the world don't really have that option. To be fair, you would also not say “My favorite subjects are games”; there’s only one subject, called “games”, even though the word “games” is a plural form of “game”. I can’t really come up with a situation where you would want to refer to multiple “mathematicses”; it kind of just is something ethereal, not a _thing_ where it makes sense to refer to one or many. Developed, yes, but in general, your build system bundles it all up into one javascript file which is sent to the browser. Even if you don't bundle the javascript, all the code has to be sent to the browser anyways, just over multiple HTTP requests instead of one. Does that mean that a "compiler" which outputs the WebAssembly text format, relying on other tools to convert that to the WASM binary format, is a transpiler? XKCD related to the topic: https://www.xkcd.com/1860/ How about this definition? A compiler is anything which takes an input and produces some kind of executable code. That "executable code" might be machine code, bytecode, another intermediate language (i.e WASM text, JavaScript, C, etc.), or whatever. A transpiler is a form of a compiler which could be implemented as a parser + pretty printer; something where the semantics match an existing language, instead of having a complete "code generator". CoffeeScript is a good example of that, and so would for example a language which interpret Python code with braces and insignificant indentation, and outputs Python code without braces but with correct indentation. One problem with this definition is that the C preprocessor would fall into the compiler category, because it produces C code. Maybe it would make sense to amend the definition of compiler to exclude macro languages; or maybe it would makes ense to include them in the overall compiler category and give them their own subcategory like transpilers. What happens in 2038? I hope you're never representing those 32 bits of UNIX timestamp as a signed integer anywhere. If you're making sure to always keep it unsigned, what happens in year 2106? EDIT: I'm not criticizing you, and a valid counter argument would be that you make absolutely sure to always store the timestamp unsigned, that it doesn't need to work until 2106 because it's a toy project, or that an overflow wouldn't really matter because you make sure to keep it unique even after an overflow, but I get scared any time storing a UNIX timestamp in 32 bits is mentioned, and am wondering if you've considered it. That sounds like a pretty interesting code golf-ish challenge actually, would attempt if I had more than 3% battery on my laptop atm :( The iPhone 4 was actually the only iPhone with a number which coincided with the generation; before it, there was 2G, then 3G, then 3GS, then 4. If anything, the 3GS should’ve been called the iPhone 3, but they’ve been pretty clear from the start that the name doesn’t really reflect a simple incrementing version number. FaceTime was also going to become an open standard which everyone could use... Here’s hoping though. Well yeah, weren't a lot of the broken systems big cobol systems from that era? You never know what software ends up being still used for critical systems 20 years down the road, so it's stupid to knowingly make a new system which is guaranteed to break in 20 years. That said, it sounds like this guy has thought about it, and is making sure to use all 32 bits to store the timestamp. Definitely this. When I was using an iPhone, it was for all intents and purposes locked behind my thumbprint (even though you could theoretically make a model thumb with my fingerprint and unlock it, it protects from everything other than highly skilled criminals/governments who very specifically target me). Now that I have a Galaxy S5, there's no way I'm writing in a passcode every time I unlock it (and that horrible "fingerprint scanner" is not a replacement for Touch ID), so it's just unlocked. I mean, I know you're joking, but it's not really the case. Before Touch ID, you had to either leave your phone always unlocked, or have a pass code/word. Those options are still available, there's just two additional ways now with Touch/Face ID, so they haven't gotten less usable for non-humans, just more usable for humans. How about a big helmet? I imagine snowboarders/alpine skiers/motorcyclist will have to take off the helmet to unlock. As someone who goes snowboarding in the winter, it sounds really annoying to not only have to remove a glove, but also the helmet, to unlock the phone (or unlock with a passcode, which is still a downgrade from using the fingerprint). Some person working at Google didn't know or care about Android? It doesn't seem all too unlikely that while he personally didn't care, his corporate overlords told him to work within the constraints of Android. You'd still have escape sequences for those cases. I didn't know it was in 2009. I don't think it would've been too unlikely if he started it in, say, 2014. Neither novelity nor lack of prior art are requirements for getting a patent, it seems. If a patent has prior art, or is incredibly obvious, that might help your case in court if you're getting sued, but if you're an individual or small company getting sued for patent infringement by a company with an army of lawyers, you've already lost. An argument I've read is that MIT and BSD are widely understood to give an implicit patent grant, and Facebook's explicit grant overrides the implicit one, and Facebook's is more restrictive than the implicit one because you lose that patent grant if you ever try to sue Facebook. Also, IANAL, so I may be entirely wrong. Is there _any_ technology that isn't covered by some patent? I would imagine virtually every library we use unknowingly infringes on dozens of patents. Firefox really has been slowly getting faster for a while; especially with Firefox 54, I no longer felt as if I was taking a significant performance hit as the price for not using Chrome. Firefox 55 got even a bit faster, but still was not quite as fast as Chrome. However, the recent changes in Nightly (Firefox 57), which now landed in the developer edition, really was a huge leap forward in performance. I encourage you to try out Nightly now ( https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/channel/desktop/ ). I’m not promising that it’ll be faster than Chrome, but it just might be fast enough now. I'm a professional software developer (well, "professional"; I have a part time programmming job next to studies), where I program in C++, compiling with GCC. I have never read GCC's manual. Expecting newcomers to read the 18 thousand lines of man page before trying to make a program isn't reasonable. Of course, the man page is a great resource for looking things up, but I can't imagine many people sit down with GCC's man page and actually read it through. Interestingly, when the shell expands * , it won't do anything to make sure files starting with - are handled properly. This means, if you're in a directory with the files a, b, -rf, and the directories foo/ and bar/, running "rm * " will not delete all the files and keep all the directories; instead it will be turned into "rm a b bar foo -rf", meaning it will delete all the files and directories except for the file -rf. Actually, when I just want to test something silly, I often just go to ~, make a file test.c or something, write the short test program, and run `gcc -o test test.c`. It's not that rare to have videos in your home directory, and if I had one named a.out, and forgot the -o option, it'd get overwritten. Not saying it's remotely likely, just saying that having video files in a program's source tree isn't the only way it could happen :) I still hear people talking about ExpertsExchange. Usually accompanied with a joke about their name; ExpertSexChange. Things I have experienced when finding an SO question from Google: * The question is closed as a duplicate, but the question it's a duplicate of is subtly different enough to be completely irrelevant to me. * The question is closed as a dupilcate, but there's no link to what it's a duplicate of. * The question is closed as a duplicate, but there are no good answers to the question it's a duplicate of. Even if 100ms delay wasn’t noticeable, my peak writing speed is over 10 characters per second. Every character which comes less than 100ms after the previous one adds some delay, and I can imagine you end up writing for a bit, then stop and wait as the computer types 10 characters per second trying to catch up with you. I have an XPS 13 from 2015, the full HD variant, running Linux. For the most part, it's a great machine, and I have no noticable coil while. However, since I always code with a black terminal window and bright text, I'm very affected by that dynamic backlight bullshit. I can't comfortably code if there's a lot of sunlight in the room (not to mention being outside on a sunny day). It's really quite annoying. Nope, it's in Firefox too at least. If they had just fixed the stupid bugs (like ctrl+backspace inserting a square instead of deleting a word, or not supporting LF to terminate lines), Notepad would be a pretty great editor when you just want a very simple plain text file. About that first issue: both Explorer and Notepad, and probably a bunch more, insert a square instead of deleting a word when pressing ctrl+backspace. I just don't understand why Microsoft doesn't fix that kind of bullshit, and instead leave it in for decades. It's the same thing with cmd.exe; instead of improving it, they've left it in the exact same broken state since (probably before, but at least including) Windows XP, and instead of fixing the issues with it, created a whole new shell. But... to be sent, the file is recreated a bunch of times right? Because a computer only ever copies, and never “moves”, right? How can it then possibly matter whether the 0b file was recreated by a computer from the instruction of copying the file (which then just turns into an instruction to create the file), or if it was created directly through instructing the computer to create the file? Gah, something something colored bits. http://ansuz.sooke.bc.ca/entry/23 I interpreted "provide a set of files for a court case" as some form of sending it either through the Internet or to some portable storage media. He also said "The client insisted we find and copy the original empty file from the original media", which also indicates that. I therefore intended "move" to mean "move from one storage media/computer to another". You're of course correct that if you "move" a file on one file system, the bits won't actually be copied (or moved) anywhere. > The systematic and planned extermination of an entire group. Sure, technically it only applies to an ethnic/political/racial/etc group of humans, but it's not _that_ far-fetched to apply it to the systematic and planned extermination of an entire group of software (in this case Firefox add-ons). I, on the other hand, having grown up with mostly playing games at 60 FPS (the PS2 ran the games I played at 60 FPS, back when console games prioritized gameplay over looking pretty in screenshots), and have moved on the 144 FPS on PC, find the 24 FPS used in cinemas to feel agonizingly choppy. Especially when there’s a big sweeping paniramic shot. It sometimes takes me out of the experience. I really liked the 48 FPS when watching the hobbit movies. Alexa definitely flows a bit better than Hey Siri, but being Norwegian, I find the phrase "ok google" to be almost comical. My mouth just can't make the sounds quick enough for it to not sound ridiculous. Hey Siri and Alexa both flow comparably very well. Say that your opinion is correct, and every web developer agrees with it. What could web developers do about it? The gaps you are talking about in vanilla JS does exist, so until they're plugged, web devs would still prefer to use these frameworks until the standard bodies and browser vendors make a better alternative. Web Components might be the solution, but it's not exactly ready yet: https://caniuse.com/#search=components Wheezy is supported until the end of May 2018, so it still gets security patches. I'm not sure if anyone has ever claimed that open source is a guaranteed protection against every security bug. Besides, this wasn't a security bug, was it? It corrupted the filesystem, it didn't give anyone else any undesired access did it? Can you link to anyone at all on Hacker News claiming that cryptocurrencies should be based on proof of planting a tree, or were you making a strawman argument? dmenu is so refreshingly simple. There's no attempt at being clever, no attempt at using “AI” to figure out what you mean; it just does a stupid deterministic search and lists the results alphabetically. There’s exactly zero chance for it to suddenly incorrectly second guess your command. My only gripe about it was that it would’ve been useful to be able to write math expressions in it like you can in Spotlight... so I made a wrapper script which adds that :) https://github.com/mortie/mmenu It's basically what Digital Ocean's droplets cost: https://www.digitalocean.com/pricing/ $5/mo for 0.5G, $10/mo for 1G, $20/mo for 2G. All the standard droplets, except for the 3G for $15/mo one, make you pay $10 more per gigabyte. Both Vultr and Linode seem to offer twice the amount of RAM per dollar though. I imagine most people interested in hosting their own minecraft server has some old laptop or desktop lying around. It's a very inexpensive hobby to just install linux on them and run a minecraft server there. If the power bill is a concern, the computer wouldn't even have to be on 24/7; if it's just a server you and friends play on, it would be perfectly acceptable to just boot the computer whenever you want to play together. No, it's just 3G for $15/month, so that one particular plan takes $5 per gigabyte like Vultr and Linode. That isn't to say it isn't a nice deal though. I’m not convinced anyone unfamiliar would likely fail. A pretty obvious solution is to just have a list of all nodes you’ve been to, and check if the current node is in that list. Not the most optimal solution, but one I’d imagine a lot of decent programmers would be able to come up with. Not saying it’s a good interview question, just that most good programmers shoukd be able to come up with some form of answer if they understand linked lists. My impression has been that the way bands make money is not from selling their music, because the record company takes most of that money, but rather from going on tours and selling people expensive tickets to experience something which is fundamentally impossible to experience through piracy. It's called an analogy. My biggest issue with Apple routers is that you _need_ an Apple device to do anything with them. I have an AirPort Extreme, and while I'm not opposed to having Apple devices, I also don't exclusively buy from them, but rather what I deem to be the best product for my purposes at the time of purchase. That currently means an iPhone, an iPad, and a Dell laptop running Linux, but has in the past included both Apple laptops and Android phones and tablets. Because of my choice of router, I need to make sure that I always have at least one Apple device, preferably as a main device for convenience (because running a server means I need to mess with ports now and then). A simple web interface would've solved this. They could still have their own app to make it just as user friendly for people who don't have an Apple device immediately at hand. I will likely never buy a Mac again becauss I absolutely need Linux, and they're making their Macs worse and worse for Linux. I plan to eventually replace my need for a tablet with one of those Dell XPS convertible machines with a touch screen. That means there will come a time when I need to choose between letting the router be a factor in what phone I buy, or get a new, non-Apple router, and that kinda sucks. I have used that a tiny bit in the past (many years ago), and while not great, it works. However, it's abandoned, with the most recent version being released in 2012, and only officially supports Windows 7. Besides, the only system I have with Windows is my gaming desktop, and that's only runnin Windows because there's a couple of games I play which don't support Linux. My laptop runs Linux, and while it's not running Overwatch, my gaming desktop is running Linux. I think a more likely solution is to just keep an iOS device around while router is in use. Well, it's not a feature. You can both provide official firmware over HTTPS (or provide checksums for them, or both), and let people flash custom firmware, at the same time. That is entirely my issue with it too. They said that creators would start getting almost all of the pledged money instead of just a share of it; what they "forgot" to mention is that this is purely because they redefined what a pledge means. They silently redefined it from "the amount of money I pay per month" to "the amount of money I pay per month minus fees". Creators would get more money of course, but purely because all patreons would start paying more money. They didn't mention that either. Even then, who chose the chipset? I'm looking at this Intel CPU: https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/products/processors/... That claims to support up to 32GB memory, and it claims to support, among other things, LPDDR3-1866. Are you saying that if you want to use LPDDR3-1866 with that CPU, you're limited to only 16GB? I can't find anything about that through some quick googling, but if it's true, I retract my snarky comment. How about this beefier mobile CPU, which supports up to 64GB RAM? Maybe they'd have needed to make some of their pro laptops a bit less thin, but they are _Pro_ laptops after all. https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/products/processors/... Also, I wish Intel would just list the maximum supported memory configuration for each memory type, instead of just having a worthless "(depending on memory type)". Anonymized data generally is not very anonymous. You can only trust that data is actually anonymous if there exists no non-anonymous dataset with which you can cross reference the anonymized data, and you can guarantee that no such database will ever exist. I'm willing to bet that many "anonymized" datasets are of the kind which could relatively easily be deanonymized, especially datasets which are frivolously used to make ads "funny". Well, putting it in reverse with the engine off but with electronics on would potentially let us rule out anything related to sound from the engine, and would mean it's more likely something related to electromagnetic waves or something else coming from the onboard electronics. I just responded to my parent comment's premise: > what is harmful about using anonymised data this way? Whether it's harmful to use such data when it's not anonymous is a different discussion. Some (many?) ISPs block forwarding of port 80 specifically. I have a third party router as my main router, with the ISP provided modem/router/wireless AP box in bridge mode, because I can't forward port 80 through the web interface of my ISP's router. Also, port forwarding is _hard_. It might not seem like it to us more experienced people, but it's a problem that's not very googlable because there's a billion different admin interfaces for routers, and they all do it differently enough that you have to understand what you're doing, not just follow a guide, to port forward. In contrast, if it was possible to make some simple software which regular people could install on their personal PC, and then they got a WYSIWYG website editor, and that software handled all hosting gave the user a link (ip address) to their website which they could send to friends, I imagine a lot more people would experiment with web publishing. Obviously, in order to run a site 24/7 on a dedicated server with its own domain would still be prohibitively hard for many people, but people would've at least been able to experiment and play with hosting their own simple website which they can share with friends. What makes you think he failed to notice the word "white"? Well, say you're writing code to interface with a mostly undocumented hardware h264 video encoder. Partly through spotty documentation about general use of the video4linux system, partly through that one piece of example code which exists to interface with the particular encoder, you make something which, if given a buffer of a raw I420 video frame, produces a buffer of encoded h264 video frame. Now, you figure out that the decoder which will decode the video expects the video stream to look different (specifically: the encoder produces only one picture parameter set and sequence parameter set at the beginning of the stream, but the decoder only understands the video if every key frame contains its own copy of the PPS and SPS). After a mix of reading source code and talking to people online, you figure out that there's an (undocumented) way to configure the encoder to include a PPS and SPS with every key frame. You figure that this is really something which must be specified by the h264 specification, so either the decoder is breaking the specification, or the hardware's encoder is; but at the end of the day, it's your fault if the encoded video isn't displayed on the receiver. Then, you figure out that while you're trying to encode 1920x1080 video, the encoder is only able to encode 16x16 chunks, so the output image is actually 1920x1088. This isn't documented anywhere, but after speaking with the person who wrote the driver for the hardware encoder in IRC, you learn that there's no way to make the driver handle it properly, at least not yet. Therefore, you extract the picture parameter set produced by the encoder, make some changes to have it include information about how the picture should be cropped by the decoder, and splice the modified PPS into the buffer for the encoded frame. That is what I've been doing at work (with some modifications; the above example is derived from working with two separate hardware video encoders). Even if it was possible to obtain exact documentation on how the encoders worked, sitting down and thinking really hard about how to describe the problem mathematically before writing the code would've been really hard, but because nothing really is documented, I will go so far as to claim it's impossible. I never understood how or why patenting math is a thing. How do you differentiate between math and the "application of math"? That page claims to be docs for OpenSSL. Is that incorrect? If it actually is docs for OpenSSL and not for LibreSSL, where's the LibreSSL-specific docs gbrown_ was talking about? > Ads targeted at women almost universally target their vulnerabilities in subtle ways That's who mentioned subtle. Ad blockers generally _don't_ block acceptable ads. Acceptable ads, by my definition, are ads which are hosted by the website owner and doesn't include spyware; even a small banner ad from a third party ad platform is not acceptable, because regardless the size of the third party ad, it's part of the ad company's surveillance program. Ads which take the form of an tag pointing to an image hosted on the same domain, aren't blocked (at least in my experience). There's a very, very fine line between an elegant solution and an ugly hack. Meltdown, ...maybe. I personally doubt it will be fixed in Coffee Lake, as that's probably too far along the pipeline for such big silicon changes in my (unprofessional) opinion. I would therefore assume that Meltdown won't be fixed before Cannonlake, the generation after Coffe Lake. If you don't need a new computer for a while, it might be worth waiting for Cannonlake and hope Meltdown gets fixed by then. This would let you avoid the performance hit from syscalls caused by the patches which fix Meltdown. It might also seem like just getting an AMD CPU instead of an Intel one would let you avoid the Meltdown performance hit, because AMD claims their CPU is not vulnerable to it, and the Meltdown paper says that they didn't get it to work with AMD CPUs, though the people behind the paper didn't seem to be 100% sure that there is no way to do a similar attack on AMD CPUs. Spectre is a different beast. I imagine that one will take significantly longer to fix; from what I understand, the issue is pretty fundamental to branch prediction and speculative execution, which is a big reason why CPUs are fast. Also, since that issue applies to everyone and not just Intel, I imagine Intel will be less focused on fixing it since there's less bad PR directed specifically at Intel for that. I personally wouldn't expect it to be fixed within some years. I'd love if someone more knowledgable about CPU design would correct me if I'm wrong or clarify something. My day dream for fixing Spectre is as follows: Basically double the amount of L1 cache (where the second half doesn't need to be as fast as actual L1 cache), make only the first half usable as cache. When an instruction the CPU speculatively executes an instruction which would replace the content in its L1 cache, first copy the existing content to the second, usually unused, half, and _then_ replace the content of the first half with the new data. Then, if the CPU decides that the branch was correct, just do nothing; if the CPU decides that the branch was incorrect, just copy back the "backup" of the original cache. Copying the cache to and from the "backup" would obviously have to be done really quickly with dedicated hardware, and not be done by going through each byte and copying it, but that should be possible. Another solution I've thought of, which should probably be easier and/or cheaper: When speculatively executing an instruction, just don't write to cache at all. This would potentially make the speculatively executed instructions slower, but I can't imagine it would have a big effect. Of course, both of those solutions would just mitigate this specific attack. You're probably exactly correct that timing attacks are going to continue to be a big problem. We know (or can guess) approximately when the project zero team discovered the issue, but I think your parent comment meant that we don't know when _someone_ discovered it first. Maybe the project zero team were the very first to discover it, or maybe some state actor discovered it a decade ago and has been using it since then. It will take a LONG time before we have tens of gigabytes of memory running with the same bandwidth and latency as L1 cache. According to a StackOverflow question [1], an L1 cache hit takes just over 2 nanoseconds, while RAM takes upwards of 100 nanoseconds. [1] https://stackoverflow.com/questions/4087280/approximate-cost... Yes, but then you'd just end up with having a vulnerable application running inside of the VM. The mitigations in the compilers are for making programs compiled by those compilers immune(ish?) to Spectre, not to make it impossible for those programs to use Spectre to attack other processes. Disabling high precision timers isn't a long term solution. There's probably only a matter of time until someone finds a new way to make a high enough precision timer, and even if that wasn't the case, features like SharedArrayBuffer are just too useful to completely disable forever - and there's no easy way to make it impossible to create a high precision timer with a SharedArrayBuffer (just have a web worker which just increments a number in a shared buffer in a loop). Would throttling syscalls really prevent using these syscalls? Surely it would just make the exploits lower to perform? Is there something I've not understood, or is the idea just to throttle syscalls enough to make it infeasably slow? If it's the latter, remember that users might potentially be on a website for half an hour at a time (if they're reading a long article or watching a video), so an attacker (whose code is running on the site, potentially through a compromised ad/tracking platform, or just XSS) would have a lot of time to extract whatever memory they want. https://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/03/23/npm_left_pad_chaos/ left-pad was a package to, you guessed it, pad a string with n leading characters. Personally, I've always just written my own 2 line function for it (something like `function pad(s, n, ch) { return new Array(n - s.length).fill(ch).join("") + s; }`), but a bunch of packages either directly or indirectly depended on this left-pad package, so they all broke. Well... No. the left-pad function is 11 lines. The source code, as it was back then, according to that register article, was like this: function leftpad (str, len, ch) { str = String(str); var i = -1; if (!ch && ch !== 0) ch = ' '; len = len - str.length; while (++i } But yes, packages broke because of what _could_ have been implemented in one line (ignoring the two lines for the function signature and closing curly). There's such a thing as an en-dash too: http://www.thepunctuationguide.com/en-dash.html I don't know enough about punctuation to know whether he actually meant "em" when he wrote "en" in several places, but I'm going to assume he actually meant to refer to em-dashes some places, and en-dashes others. Maybe he's running Linux? There, software installed through the package manager from the distro's repos count as code which the OS vendor trusted. There have been times when I have needed to do something which requires more memory than is physically available on the machine. Without swap, those tasks would have been literally impossible to do without upgrading the machine. With swap, it just takes a little longer - but still much shorter than it would take to order more RAM sticks. One of those times was on a 512MB RAM VPS, where I needed to compile something - you don't want a 512MB VPS to do a lot of compilation, but in that one instance, I was very glad I could easily just make a swap file and get on with it. The other time was on my laptop with 8 GB of RAM. Also, even ignoring the times where swap makes possible a task which would otherwise have been impossible, you flat out ignored the content of the article. Did you even read it? If you have a long running task which allocates a lot of memory, then proceeds to only very rarely use that memory (or maybe it only needs that memory when it shuts down, or just forgot to free that memory), swap allows the system to swap out that memory and instead do something useful with it, like caching files or not killing processes. It doesn't matter that the disk is slower than RAM, if the swapped-out memory is rarely or never accessed. Regarding the complexity of making an extra partition: I completely agree, having a separate partition for swap is annoying. Luckily, Linux supports swap files; all my systems (where I had to manually set up swap), I just create a file called /swapfile. I imagine this would solve the full disk encryption complexity too. Ok, you are technically correct; I _could_ have changed GCC to cache stuff to disk instead of keeping everything in RAM (which would probably have been a big refactor), but I think we both know that's not really practical. I mean, nobody expects the engineers to manually read through everything, but if the quality of the input text is significant for the quality of the autocorrect (or whatever other application you're using machine learning with), you kind of have to make sure the input is pretty good... You could for example choose datasets which is expected to contain mostly correct grammar and spelling (such as Wikipedia, books, etc.) rather than datasets which is expected to contain mostly incorrect grammar and spelling. Or don't use a machine learning model. I honestly don't care, just don't automatically turn a correct "its" into an incorrect "it's". He isn't complaining that the specific phrase "It never rains on a Wednesday in Rockshire" to turn up any results. He used it as an example of the kind of phrase which, even though they exist somewhere on the web, won't be found with Google. Google's job is to make money, and to grow and make ever increasing amounts of money, not to find stuff. If Google decides that it's worth it to lose some of its customers in order to reduce costs, then it's fair game for them to do so. Maybe a competitor will come in and steal marketshare from Google by filling the hole Google leaves behind when they increasingly make changes which annoy a subset of users (duckduckgo is probably closest, and I use it as my default search engine, but I don't find it's as good as Google yet in a lot of cases). Maybe enough people will switch to be an issue for Google, in which case Google miscalculated the cost of pissing of that subset of its userbase. Maybe so few people will switch that it's offset by the cost savings of not keeping everything indexed, in which case it might've been the correct decision, from a capitalistic point of view. This focus on constant growth is the issue with relying on companies and capitalism, but that's a bigger discussion. I'm running Firefox 57, and even here, Firefox is significantly faster; 3182.3ms (3.9mb/s) in Firefox, 7575ms (1.6mb/s) in Chrome 63. The second sentence in the article: > I wanted to see how close I could come to making a DSL (domain specific language) with its own syntax and features, using only the C preprocessor and more obscure C features and GNU extensions. I might not have expressed myself clearly enough. It's not risky, it's not a feature I don't understand how it works, and I'm using it exactly as it's described in GNU's documentation on labels as values and computed gotos: https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc/Labels-as-Values.html The "I don't know how that works, but the important part is that it does." sentence was meant to highlight the apparent absurdity of dereferencing a void*, not to say that I don't understand exactly how to use the feature. I don't think I agree with your point in the general case, but even if you were 100% correct, and nobody should do metaprogramming with the C preprocessor in regular production code, I still don't think that's very relevant. The specific use case I had for all of these features were a unit testing library, which is very different from a regular program. If you need a testing library for C, that's probably because you have C code. You probably shouldn't try to write a test suite in Python for your C library. That's really neat, I hadn't considered that. I will definitely try it out, and might end up using it for the library. That isn't really a viable solution, because C doesn't allow parentheses around blocks. Calling `describe(foo, ({ int a, b; }))` would make the preprocessor happy, but it would also produce invalid syntax: void test_foo() ({ int a, b; }) I agree with your point about syntax; it would have been nice if the syntax was `define(blah) { ... }` and `it("whatever") { ... }`. However, I don't think that's possible, because I need to include code after the end of the block. That might not be obvious from the simplified macros I used in my example, but it's pretty clear by looking at the actual definitions. The describe and subdesc-macros ( https://github.com/mortie/snow/blob/a9ad850df456f78bcf96e1aa... ) need to increment counters and print their status after the block, and the `it` macro ( https://github.com/mortie/snow/blob/a9ad850df456f78bcf96e1aa... ) needs to run deferred expressions. I think it would be possible to implement the `describe` macro such that it can be used as `describe(blah) { ... }`, because that defines a function and we can both give the function argument and expect return values from it, but I can't think of any way to do it with the other macros which just create regular `do { ... } while(0)` blocks. If I'm wrong, please show me how; the `foo(blah) { ... }` syntax would make the __LINE__ macro work, it would play better with auto indenters and syntax highlighters, and it would give prettier error messages if you have a syntax error in a test case. I just can't see any way it would be possible. Hahaha you must be from one of the 2 countries with YouTube red. (I know it's probably not literally 2 countries, but it's available in very few countries.) How is the quality of the package manager related to the size of the binary? No, I don't think that was entirely serious. 128 bytes should be more than enough to last for a very long time, not just a little bit longer than the author's life. It looks like you're being downvoted, but you're not wrong. It's easy for most people to keep their personal data safe, because they're not targeted by attackers because there's little of value. It's hard for people whose sensitive data is valuable to keep it secure; if valuable white house secrets were stored with my strategies for protecting my personal sensitive data, they'd have been leaked ages ago. Once your sensitive data is highly valuable, like if you store a decent amount of cryptocurrencies (or is an attractive female with private nude pictures[0] or have a big YouTube channel[1]), protecting sensitive data from the likely targeted attacks is hard. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICloud_leaks_of_celebrity_phot... (I'm not sure if there was monetary value in those pictures, but they certainly had other forms of value.) [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LlcAHkjbARs (He talks a lot about unrelated (to this discussion) about his Amazon links; go to 3 minutes in for the discussion about being compromised.) Basically, yeah. I mean, the wallet software is obviously open source, and you can change it however you want of course, but allowing for transactions to be undone would basically require rewriting the entire protocol and everything which interacts with the bitcoin network - and that's if it's even possible in the first place, without removing vital parts of bitcoin like the decentralization or being able to trust the entire network without trusting any one entity. Just a small note: we won't ever hit a point where a miner will get zero money from mining a block, because people sending transactions pay a fee to the miner to have their transaction prioritied over people who pay a smaller fee, and the number of transactions per time unit is limited (and pretty small), and can't be easily changed radically (as in by orders of magnitude). I think you're technically right, as the "miner reward" (as in the coins the miner cand give itself as a reward for finding a block) goes to 0, and you probably know that already, but I wanted to clarify for people who didn't yet know that. Otherwise, I agree. Damn, just noticed I wrote 128 bytes and not 128 bits, too late to edit. I mean, in relation to all everyday objects, 3 kilometers per second is stupidly fast and not at all sluggish. The overnight backup was relatively sluggish last night, instead of 1 microsecond it took a little over 100 milliseconds. Of course not. Moore's law is about the number of transistors per unit area. Battery capacity doesn't have much to do with transistor density. No: > I don't want to remove the showing of birthdays. I want to remove the showing of individual peoples ' birthdays. I know very little about the topic. Will post-quantum crypto require new hardware? The few techniques I have heard about rely on special networks capable of transmitting quantum particles, not just bits. If new network infrastructure is required, I can't imagine how we would ever get quantum computer resistant cryptography before it's way too late. People making games need to make those games for platforms people play on. You as a user can move to Linux, and game developers should support Linux, but a game which can only be played on Linux and *BSD will be incredibly unsuccessful. asm.js is not webassembly. If it's a result of something shady they're doing, why would they release a post mortem instead of just letting the story die and let people forget about it? I'm not a big fan of accusing people of whataboutism in general, but in this case, it's not even relevant. Your parent comment asked, "Ok, bottled water has plastic in it. I know that some tap water goes through lead pipes. Is tap water going through lead pipes still more healthy than bottled water with plastic in it?" The question was a very reasonable one, and just happened to contain the phrase "what about". How do we know WhatsApp doesn't cooperate? It's closed source, and owned by Facebook no less, so how can we know there's no backdoor? You can maybe verify that the app doesn't currently send messages anywhere, but what if there's a way for Facebook to send a request to WhatsApp for a dump of all messages within a date range? 60 FPS? I had a desktop I built in 2014, with a 4770k and an r9 290x, run Overwatch at 144 FPS at 1440p with low settings. The machine could still play Just Case 3 and GTA 5 (2015 games, but I didn't really play any graphically intensive 2016+ games on it) at 1080p 60 FPS with decent graphics settings, if I recall correctly. I have since upgraded to a 6700k and 1080Ti, but that 2014 hardware lasted well into 2017 - and the current GPU cost just under 3/4 the price of the entire 2014 computer, despite the r9 290x being a top of the line GPU. High end PC gaming definitely isn't affordable anymore. I personally don't interpret "do one thing, and do it well" to mean "do one small thing, and do it well"; the "one thing" could be as big as a programming language, or a display server, or whatever. Perl's "one thing" would be being a scripting language; it should be a scripting language, and it should be the best scripting language it can be. It just shouldn't also do a bunch of other stuff, like also being an RDBMS. That philosophy could also be applied recursively; Perl should do just one thing; it should be a good scripting language. The Perl JSON module should just do one thing; it should be a good JSON encoder and decoder. That doesn't mean it should be simple; the JSON module should have as much complexity as necessary to make it a good and useful tool. I do recognize that my interpretation isn't a great _definition_, because you can construe most things to be UNIX-y if you just expand what "one thing" it should be good at enough, but I do think it's useful to keep in mind when designing something. That said, I have never written Perl (other than a very tiny amount of Perl 6), and don't know exactly what about it convinced you, but I wouldn't mind a discussion about it if you clarify. NaN is sort of viral. Any math operator (afaik) returns NaN if any of the operands is NaN. That means `5 + (2 * NaN)` becomes `5 + NaN`, which just becomes `NaN`. Still, `5 + 2 * NaN == 5 + 2 * NaN` would return false, because it becomes `NaN == NaN`, and NaN is not equal to NaN. I very frequently deal with .h264 files, containing just a raw h264 bitstream. Granted, that's more of a special case, because I deal with video encoding and decoding a lot through work. True, a project with a bunch of stars and ownloads and whatnot and no open issues and pull requests can be perfectly fine even if the last commit was a few years ago. However, if the last commit was years ago, and issues and pull requests have been piling up without getting any attention, that's probably a bad sign. Node has a pretty big standard library really (in fact that's all node.js is; a module system and a ton of modules built on top of a JS engine). What do you find is missing compared to Python's standard library? I'm pretty sure that's talking about all the third-party libraries which exist for Python; that this "antigravity" library is available for Python, not a part of its standard library. (I might be wrong though, I'm not Randall Munroe) Well, python's strings have the ljust and rjust methods which left- and right-pad, and javascript has the padStart and padEnd methods (since ECMAScript 2017). I wasn't really interested in your opinion based on the lack of one 1-line utility function (and it is one line: `new Array(10 - str.length).fill("0").join("") + str`). I was interested in what significant functionality OP found lacking in node.js' standard library.