The Icelandic domestic minister (which handles asylum requests) has announced that Snowden will be treated like any other asylum seeker[1]. That is not good news for Snowden since Iceland's take on asylum seekers is usually to not handle their case at all, or turn them back[2]. However Hanna Birna (the minister) has been highly criticized for her take on the issue, since it clearly contradicts the IMMI initiative ( https://immi.is/ ). And hopes are that the Parliament will handle his case. But in short, the Icelandic government is not going to do anything about Snowden. [1] http://www.visir.is/engin-sermedferd-fyrir-snowden/article/2... (icelandic) [2] some statisstics here ( http://redcross.lausn.is/Apps/WebObjects/RedCross.woa/swdocu... ) in icelandic too. Well, there might be 0.1% chance. I mean, Framsóknarflokkurinn just supported the new constitution, a bill put forward by the Leftist Green. They might yet surprise us. When is it being voted on? Are people going to gather around Alþingi? Has anyone planed anything to push the MP on letting this through? I don't get it, why is it so important to separate our cognitive system into infinite units, one for everything we can feel? Why can't we, as an alternative, not possess two believes at the same time? Composed by different parts of the cognitive system. One for example might go through the frontal lobe and be overwritten by "reason" (if there is such a thing), and the other might go through more rostral regions, and be overwritten by emotions (which, in fact, will manifest it self into muscle movments)? Another alternative might be that the same stimuli manifests it self in different ways at the same time, after going through different coginitive systems (no a/believe construct required). So the fearfull ("irrational") behaviour ("the alive") gets manifested in the sympathetic nervous system (into muscle movements, hormonse, thermo-regualtion),while the vocal ("rational") behaviour ("the be lieve") gets manifested in cognitive systems responsable for speach-like cognitions, i.e. frontal regions. The internet filter at the café I'm connected to at the moment (Stofan in Reykjavík, I'm sure some of you know the place) actually blocked me [following this link]( http://www.siminn.is/lokad-a-sidu/ ). Failing a class doesn't tell me anything. What does it even mean? Did 50% of the student not learn the material, didn't they learn but parts of it, what were the requirements, the criteria for "passing"? Who made that criteria, and what was it based on? A single pass/fail ratio from a single case study doesn't tell me anything. Especially if the data is not explained. I apologize, I'm new to HN, and not familiar with customs, good practice, and such. Perhaps I should have included ´[dev-doc]´ or ´[alpha]´ in the title. I've always been fascinated with naïve set-theory, and how it was refuted after it's apparent inconsistency, the famous Russell's paradox of the set of all sets that don't contain it self, and only contains it self if it doesn't etc. So supposing it's False, yields True, and supposing it's True yields False. But what fascinated me was not the Russell's set, but it's inverse, the set of all sets that contain it self, lets call it S. For the statement S is a member of S —the set of all sets that contain it self, really contains it self— yields True if and only if you suppose it's True, and it yields False if and only if you suppose it's False. S is therefore always consistent no matter the value. Both values are correct, but never at the same time. I don't know particularly what it means, but the fact that you can do this, makes me wonder if this super-consistency is applied anywhere else in the philosophy of science, but nobody has ever realized the equivalent inverse, and therefor never demonstrated the inconsistency. I lived in San Francisco as an illegal immigrant, with a bachelors in psychology and a newly found interest in computer science, not able to enroll to a graduate program—nor undergraduate for that matter, I thought I could volunteer as a research assistant in some lab in the Bay Area. How wrong was I. In the off chance that some professor was interested (some professors are cool people who don't follow customs for the sake of customs), the schools bureaucratic system rendered it impossible for the professor to accept my free (as in beer) service. Now that I'm back in my home country, with it's free (also as in beer) education system, I'm unable to tackle the project I'm interested in, for professors tend not to facilitate projects that don't fit in their narrow field of interest (reads, the main topic of their 10 most resent publishes). The university system truly suppresses spontaneity and unorthodoxy. Even though most of my code is in Python and JavaScript, and probably is going to remain that in the near future, and by far the majority of my Lisp coding is and will remain in ELisp, Scheme is, and most likely will remain, my favourite programming language. I don't use it for any practical reason, on any code that others might pick up on and build on top. I use it purely as a hobbyist language, and for that it's awesome. Scheme is how I learned Computer Science (even though I learned how to program in Python). Scheme is awesome for multiple reasons, more reasons than other languages in my opinion, and popularity is not one of theme. And that is perfectly fine. hmm, you are correct. S really isn't that interesting. And my scepticism towards justification through non-contradiction because of possible super-consistancy is therefor based on false premises. > The most difficult task was to teach them things they were previously taught incorrectly. That is an easy thing to fix. If they take everything the teacher tells them at face value, they are bound to to repeat silly errors (and worse, biases,) in the teachers knowledge. If you teach them that the teacher might err (including you), then it is so much easier for you to demonstrate how they know wrong. Even better, if you fail at something while teaching (everybody do), they will be more likely to correct you, and you will learn something from them . Well, if efficiency is the endgoal here, than bean cultivation seems way more logical answere to beef alternatives than fake meat. You basically take the the food you would otherwice feed your cows, stew it together with some saffran and beet juice (the same colorants as for the fake meat) and you have your economy-burger. No intermediate step which takes 10 times the space of a traditional meat-farm, no anti-biotics, fat-free and no need for any living, breathing animal slughtering. Honestly I cant find a single logical reason why this artificial-meat buisness is a good idea except for "just because we can" Humanity has never -- with the exception of extreme cases, historical or modern -- eaten as much meat as the western man does now [1]. The only reason we eat as much meat as we do, I think, is out of marketing. The perceived need for more meat is therefor to saturate the marked. The problem arising from growing meat consumption include, pollution, maldistribution of food, animal suffering, wasting of land and resources, wasting of water, etc. [1] I suppose I need a reference for this claim, but think in terms of economy and you'll find that no other culture can afford this much land and resorces to go under meat-farming other than current western cultures --edit-- I forgot about humans living in extreme environments that live (by necesity) almost exclusively on meat, like the inuits in Greenland, before major western influence. It doesn't change the fact that the majority of all culteres do, and have in the past, eaten but a porportion of the meat that the average westerners eat today. Stem cells don´t sell unless they come with hamburgers No, I can't find a single logical reason. Saturating peoples appetite for overmarkeded type of food doesn't seem logical to me. Just because people will pay money for it, doesn't make it a good idea. I'm going to make political remark because the issue by its nature is very political. We are wasting time and energy investigating solution to a real problem from the wrong end. Doing science is not enough to solve this problem, we need to do politics too (or social science for that matter). Infact doing science might ultimately lead us to enhance the problem. Now we are looking for a way to make a very wastefull behavior more economy friendly. Meat consumption at the current mass scale is unpresidented and there is no reason to enforce it. Alternatives include alternative diet, less waste, better usage of the food we already grow. We have found brilliant ways to cultivate food at minimum cost, but it is not securing the majority of our species food intake. And the western meat marked might be the biggest factor for this injustice. Now trying to solve it by further saturating the western marked with meat -- a product that is to blame for this mal-distribution of food -- is not going to solve any problem. It is going to shift the attention away from the real issue at hand and further stabilizing a marked that is currently really unfair and damaging. Im sorry for the misuse of the word 'logic'. By 'logic' I ment 'makes human sence'. But I was wrong there too. For investigating in means to satisfy our tastebuts, more economly, sound really human to me. I guess, what I'm saying is simply that the time and effort going into artificial meat, and the promise it is going to generate will probably end up in continued overcomsuption. Totally overshadowing the social consernes. I only wish an investigation into how to behaviorally modify our species from doing wastefull and damaging stuff on mass scale, would get as much funding and attention. > Blaming marketing for meat consumption is somewhat unfair - people love meat - in the past it was reserved for the rich and wealthy Don't be confused, it still is. The sepparation now just spans continents instead of classes. You are right, and I edited me original comment accordingly I'm also really excited about the integration of Julia and IPython. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6173212 Only if the authors are also the copyright holders, ironically that is rarely the case. What is recognition? What are intentions? These terms are void of meaning outside of human context. So if intelligence is defined around those human-centred terms (that are even too vague to account for human-specific intelligence[1]), surely nothing will ever be considered intelligent but a human being. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Bell_Curve So what you are saying, is there is a hierarchy of hierarchies. Westerners suppress non-westerners. Within western society, whites suppress non-whites. And within white westerners, the upper-class suppresses lower classes. And within the white- upper-class western society, males suppress females... One can continue. Perhaps there is a tradition of suppression, starting at the bottom and reaching the top. I mean, women are suppressed within all classes, all societies, all races. (Generally speaking of course). Perhaps any kind of repression breeds further repression? My point is. There is no need to stop focusing on systematic suppression on one group, just because other groups are also being suppressed. EDIT: Before anybody comments on this, I know this presented hierarchy doesn't exist. I mean, I could as well have started with, "males suppress females, and within male society western males suppress..." (so there is more like a heap of hierarchies). I just used this as an example to make a point. That is treat a human being like she does not have emotions. That is treat a human being like something that is an object. http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/objectification First, if you define women under the same criteria as objects, then you need to seriously reconsider your vocabulary. The world is different then Java™ will have you believe. In everyday language I talk about objects in terms of things that are not subjects. Subjects are characters --people and non-human animals-- that I attribute personality to, and can identify with. Objects are things that are not subjects. To objectify someone is, by definition, to treat a subject like an object. Heckling and wolf whistling is removing the characteristic of emotions from a subject. It is therefor treating a human being like an object. And, by definition objectifying. Point taken. It's just that the article in question is focusing on a particular kind of suppression. I too live in a country where ageism and xenophobia attribute far more alienation and oppressive behaviour then sexism. But oppression is oppression, and whenever somebody is oppressed, it is worth fighting against, be it general, like you want to fight against, or specific, like this article is fighting against. Sometimes I hear animal right activists argue that there is a direct link between animal oppression and minority oppression. I think they might not be far off. If you have the heart to oppress non-human animals, what's stopping you from oppressing the homeless, and if you have the hart to oppress the homeless, why do immigrants deserve your respect? why do the gays, why do women? I hadn't heard about intersectionality before, but knowing how dynamic the societal hierarchy is, and knowing that individuals are often times worse oppressors then governments, it makes sense that people would cast their oppression in various ways down the hierarchy. According to your theory --of children as free thinkers whose actions represent their own 'free will'-- doesn't account for why advertizement works. If it were true, nobody would spend money on advertizement because everybody's actions is fully controlled by rational thinkers. Nor does your theory account for insanity or stupidity (why do something stupid if you have full control of your actions?) In fact your theory implies that children somehow are agents not affected by outside stimuli. Which would make them unique in nature. Your theory in fact is by far more unbelievable then any theory of the powers of marketing. Just think of two opposing theories. One account scribes that humans are not rational thinkers, our actions constitutes of the stimuli around us. We can be pursued against our best interest. The other accounts for humans having 'free will'. Our free will explains our rational thinking, we will always maximize our utility. Advertizement has no effect if it doesn't meet our utility. Now if you thing about those two theories and compare them. Look at evidences for either ones and evaluate their validity, surely you must come to the conclusion that either we humans are special in nature of being able not to respond to stimuli due to some 'free will apparatus' or, more likely, marketing agents have the ability to control us. Or at least, by Okham's razor, the media explanation is the more plausible one. Doesn't falsify my point. If everybody was rational, then no advertising would perform signalling function if it wouldn't serve to maximize our utility. Can you explain where the definition gets circular so I can fix it, I'm sorry, but I can't find it. 1. An object is something that is not a subject. 2. A subject is a character, something I can identify with, something I can attribute some characteristic to. 3. To objectify is to remove from a subject the characteristics that makes it a subject. I stopped doing math when I was 18, and did an undergrad in psychology. Now I am doing a second undergrad, this time in math. Coming back in after a decade of absence wasn't difficult at all (but then again undergrad is somewhat easier then grad school), and it was definitely worth it. Horizontal web layouts are awesome. A petty how difficult they are to achieve, this one does it well. It is beautiful, both the layout and the contents. The only thing, I wished down scroll would take me left, since thats the intuitive continuation direction. >> What's easier for humans is subjective. What's easier for computers is objective. Just want to point out that perhaps we humans are not as subjective as our intuition indicates. The third rear brake light make car's stopping distance shorter. There are human (psychological) reasons for that. I mean you could do objective approach all you want to make traffic safer, like build better brakes, but ultimately, humans control cars, humans have biased (arguably fixed) way of thinking, and there are ways to create interfaces that makes use of that bias. 1-based indexing makes ton of sense when your tool is meant for human use, because most of us is biased towards start counting at 1, objectively at least. See, copyright violation has a well defined term, namely "copyright violation". Piracy means something completely different (an act of robbery or criminal violence at sea). Despite negative connotations "hacking" still means expanding the usage of an object and "terrorism" still means enforcing ones ideals through violence . So these comparisons are not valid. EDIT: To make my point clear. When clicking the link, I thought the article was literally about pirates, that is sea criminals (or perhaps the political party). If only the author would have used the more descriptive, and more correct term "copyright infringement" I would have been less confused. So usage of the word " piracy " in this context is both damaging, wrong and confusing. It's true, even though humans and computers are two very different things, we both share the fact that we are hard wired to do some things (detecting lines and motion in the human case). I guess the discussion above is not the best example since the symbol "1" just some abstract symbol that represents a lot of things (including a unit; and a base for counting), one can just as easily use the symbol "0" for that (although it is counter to the standard notation, and will need some getting used to). In fact, it would be an interesting neuroscientifical research to measure the neurological activity that the symbol "1" and "1ˢᵗ" trigger in a programmers brain inside the context of a prose or written English language, and compare it to the activity the symbol `a[0]` triggers inside the context of code. Note that Class based != Object Oriented. Also note that theories that have tried to categories real world objects into classes have a tendency to fail (although they also have a tendency to become enormously popular [see Platon and Aristoteles fx.]). So the claim that classes allows you to model a problem in real-world terms, is most likely false. See for example http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.56.... for a review. – All things being equal, the simpler explanation tends to be the true – There exist a big culture and history of land theft in the Americas by the white upper class from the 16th century until present time. Now there exist no evidence of extra-terrestrials. So I personally belief the post's explanation over yours. Mugging is an act of violence. It violates the victims freedom of action and causes great damage. Squatting is a non-violent act. It provides shelter to someone who didn't have it before. The owner of the shelter can be unaware of the fact that his property is being used for several months, emphasizing the lack of damage by the act. Evicting a squatter, on the other hand, causes damage to the victim in fact, it removes a shelter from someone. So mugging and squatting are two very different acts May I note that theft, invasion of privacy, and vandalism are all violent crimes that causes harm to the victim[1]. Those crimes can follow almost any human acts, such as partying (party people mug), alcohol consumption (drunk people steal), protests (politically opposing people vandalize), but you wouldn't say those things are equal, you would look at these marginal cases as a subset and to be treated as separate acts. In short. Squatting is sometimes, but rarely followed with more violent and damaging crimes. But squatting in it self are not those crimes. --- [1] with exception, of course, in the case of vandalism, if no the "owner" is oblivious of its value, or when vandalism acts to prevent further vandalism, like the destruction of military tools and weapons. No. In case of burglary, the victim looses its possession. In the case of squatting, the possession is still theirs. It is only the status of the property that changes from "vacant" to "in use". Note that the change of status is temporary and reversible (as opposed to burglary). Again, squatting is not the issue, but human decency. If the owner would give her/his consent, it would be really hard for a squatter (given that she/he has human decency) to oppose eviction, given a good reason for why she/he has to leave. I don't know. Threre are numerous examples of a consent being given after squatters move in. In most cases the owner has nothing to loose, so a consent makes perfect sense if you want to keep good comunication with those who are using your property. again squatting != theft. Those are sepperate issues. Just because there are evil squatters out there, it doesn't make squatting evil. again. Squatting != theft/vandalism. plus I have no empathy towards folks that have property they don't use, and then actively engage in preventing others from using it, and then finally complain about how difficult it is to prevent other people to use their property they don't use in the first place. Note that most talk about marginal groups are based on selection bias. In the case of a squatter, the selection bias is usually towards the graffitying, punk who steals, dopes and vandalizes. The comment above was just presenting an anectode against the prevaling prejudice (which in turn are based on other anectodes). Funny you should say that since "property is theft!" is one of the earliest slogan in the anarchist literature and is often quoted by squatters advocates :-) What you have to consider, though, is the fact that not all property is equal. There is a difference between owning a toothbrush, and owning slaves. Equalling all property would be identifying a policeman's action of emancipating a prostitute from her pimp as theft of property, which of course is nonsense. To give an example. Imagine you go to a country where slavery is legal, disgusted by their treatment you join some activists that emancipates slaves. Now you are stealing the slaveholders property and therefor committing a crime. Are you going to hold that crime at par with stealing someones money, or someones bicycle? Now this is an extreme example, but a few hundred years ago it wouldn't be so far out, and slave emancipators, now considered heroes, were then considered criminals? Same may hold a few hundred years from now in case of land. Land hording is criminal, it keeps other people of it. It could and should be used for the great of the community. Squatting a few hundred years from now may be looked at as land emancipation, even though now it is as criminal as stealing a bike. I didn't do trig until after I had finished BS in psychology. Rather I learned it from Khan academy, Wikipedia, and the like. During my second BS (this time in math) a colleague was amazed at my inside and intuition to trig, even though he had taken as much math prior to Uni as he could, and I hadn't. Just to give an anecdote of the inverse. Since when was 'free will' a criteria for property?? So you couldn't own a dog, you couldn't own farm animals? If that is not a fair comparison (since farm animals arguably don't have free will), then who is to say that slaves do? I use IPython/SymPy for the same purpose. It is nice to be able to do these calculations on my local machine, in stead of relying on an internet conection. Plus I get the powers of Python to back me up if I want to do anything more compilcated. I see that some professors (not in my school though) publish they’re lecture notes as IPython notebooks. That is super clever and allows interactivity with the lecture material. I don’t know the mobile/tablet support of IPython notebook however. Perhaps if universities would robustly seed their staffs and students torrents? Not to mention how awesome they become when you feed them as a set of values to a function. values = (f(x) for x in list) g(*values) I'm sorry for commenting around your main point, but I have a question regarding the safety of GMOs, since biologists are keen on declaring them "safe". So there are ample evidence for the safety of their consumption. But is that the only criteria for safety? Is GMO safe for business? Are there social risks? Is there a risk of monopoly? Is it safe for the environment? Are butterfly spices at risk? Are less thorough plants loosing migration from escaped GMO plants? I'm asking since there seems to be a really anthropocentric definition of "safety" at work here. In fact, there seems to be a really western centric definition. Is it really safe for the food production of this world to invest such time and money in an unsound production process, that is likely to leave the business of food production in few hands with minimum diversity for land use? Or is "safe to eat" enough to conclude the debate? Thanks for this good and thorough answer. And sorry again I derailed your main point. Actually it does sharpen my calc skills. Now I can do more experiments, better visualizations, I can try something out and see if I'm wrong. All that helps on accumulating insight. Plus, if knowing your tools makes a good carpenter, why is it different with mathematicians. From my experience YES! Before I start, I'd like to note that I am a young white, non-handicapped male. Most of my participation in the shared economy comes from hitchhiking, and I've done a lot of it. Only once has a car stopped that had a black passenger in it. I don't think that black people are racist towards white hitchhikers, but I think there is a deep barrier of trust at issue. Black people do experience racism at so many levels of society, that when it comes to shearing excess resource with some white opportunists.. HELL NO!, I wouldn't do it. I'm not saying that black drivers are racist towards white hitchhikers. I'm trying to demonstrate that there is a huge racial gap in our societal battery. White people are privilege enough to be able to trust a fellow citizen. Normally, experience tells black people not to. ps. The same can be said about women, handicapped, and the homeless. But definitely the case of black discrimination is one of the most severe there. pps. The pattern I described seems to brake with anarchist and charity groups. I've done food-not-bombs, homes-not-jails, occupy, and there blacks, whites, women, etc. participate together in a shared ecosystem. I wonder why? I second that No, you've got it wrong. A p -value of .05 means that given a true null-hypotheses, you have a 5% chance of getting this result anyway. That is, if there is no difference in the population mean, than you still have a 5% chance of finding a sample that contains this difference anyway. Do you see the difference. The p -value doesn't tell you anything about the population, it only gives you information about your sample -- a confusion that this article was pinpointing. So what the 29% is telling you is that, the chances of finding a statistically significant result ( p = 0.05 ) given a population factor of µ = 0 are up to 29%. Whereas given a population factor of µ = 0 the chances of getting a significant result ( p = 0.05 ) is 5%. EDIT: erased a wrong and confusing claim. It's a pity I can't answer on the SE but I have experience in this matter, I came to the US (through Newark) once with a visa to stay for 6 months, without proof of financial support, without contact information for somebody in the US, reluctance to tell my purpose, and a tent as my means of accommodation. I was taken to a back room where they were going to deny me entry, but I manage to persuade them that I had an uncle living in Texas and a friend in Oregon. So my advice is, go there without money, accommodation, contacts or purpose, and they won't let you in. Doing linear algebra -> Julia twiddling data tables making plots -> python/numpy/matplotlib abstract math/calculus -> python/sympy statistics/quick data analysis -> R I was thinking more in the line of "is Betteridge's law correct?" Really nice. Why did you skip the media query though? @media only screen and (min-width: 35em) { /* responsive styles */ } @media print { /* printed styles */ } Thanks for telling me, In fact I did send a pull request on the matter. (Although I don't understand the down-vote for stating a constructive criticism, what if I didn't know the vocabulary for media queries and was genuinely hoping to learn it on this site?). What about having your text editor do the build for you (use `.dir-locals.el` in emacs to compile your less on save for example) This isn't just about the Occam's Razor. The author goes through a thorough analysis of the evidence. Surely a forged video is a simpler explanation, but given the fact that the trajectory and the timing of the rock matches a simulated timing and trajectory and timing of a gravel falling out of the parachute, than the most probable explanation is the stowaway piece of gravel. Different platforms different designs. The web is not a printed page. TeX was not designed for the web and HTML is not intended for a well typeset print. Although It would be nice if my HTML would compile to TeX when a user presses the `print` button on their browser. Yeah, I wished that the rST .. math:: directive would use ascii math. firefox 29 on ubuntu 14.04. Unable to scroll right when the tree expands past the windows width. Julia !(a::Int) = !bool(a) !0 + 2 + 2 ##> 5 I don't think so. If you look at theatre for comparison (which is also an act of storytelling), most plays are simple amateur pieces, that anybody with some skills and knowledge can put together. However there are also very expensive professional theaters that that sometimes tell the same stories as the amateurs for many thousands times the cost of the amateur pies. Yet expensive theatre is found in every major city. To keep the analogy, NY-times is doing web-page stories Broadway-style. Perhaps they found an unexplored marked, perhaps it is too soon. But sooner or later, the art-form of story telling on the web is going to be taken to the next level done by professionals for a lot more money than any amateurs telling the same story. This is not how advertisements work. You're not "persuaded" by a single ad. Rather you are primed into believing it. A few days (or even hours) after you've seen an ad, you forget the source, but the content remains in your memory. The next time you see similar content, it will be more likely to stick. This goes on a few iterations, and pretty soon, out of a given population, the average individual is more likely to behave as suggested by the advertisement. What you thing during the advertisement is only secondary. Well you are more likely to read a seemingly handwritten letter then a printed one. That alone will expose a greater proportion to the content, where they'll be primed to certain keywords more likely to be picked up at a later through a mass broadcasted medium. And by that time, perhaps they'll relate that keyword to some personalized source, hence, a greater effect. You know, just like coupons relate a sense of favor to keywords/logos and therefor have a greater effect on persuasive power of a given proportion of the population. So people misquote Aristoteles, so what? His philosophy is over 2000 years old, and severely outdated. Even if he didn't say a bunch of the non sense that is often attributed to him, he still said a lot of non sense. Perhaps not his fault (I'm sure in the year 4000 Bertrand Russel and Ludwig Wittgenstein will be considered obsolete gibberish). The point is that attributing truth value to authority is bad. Western science halted for many centuries because truth value was given to what Aristoteles said (or didn't say). I suppose that the OP has learned her/his lesson by not trusting Bertrand Russel on the claims. But he/she is then just re-iterating Russel's point. Don't base truth on authority. When you think in types rather then objects it makes more sense. Or at least I think `+(u, v)` or `u + v`, is more natural then `u.plus(v)` or `u.+(v)` I the former case u and v are of numeric types that fulfil some numeric properties, so no interfaces are necessary, they are implied. I was homeless (living in a bus) with my girlfriend in San Francisco two years ago for 6 months and finding showers and shaving was one of the more difficult of necessities. There was a homeless facility in our neighbourhood (the Mission) that offered showers on Tuesdays and Thursdays, I usually went once a week. There was also girls only facility that my girlfriend used on Wednesday. Theoretically We could have taken the muni to other parts of the city for showers on other days, but the time and effort is usually not worth it (there is usually some 1-2 hours of waiting list involved). Other times we went to San Francisco State University for a shower. Although it's far away, the facilities are so comfy and sufficient compared to the homeless facilities that it is worth the trip, especially for shaving. Toilets were less of a problem, we used cafés, public parks, constructions porter potties (non-padlocked), and grocery stores. And laundry was no problem at all (we just used the coin-ups). I definitely agree with greater variability of sanitation possibilities. Especially when it comes to showers. Well, I was immigrating to USA from Iceland to live with my girlfriend who was studying at SF-State. She had only a room that she was renting, and her landlord didn't want an extra person staying there. We decided to by a VW van simply to avoid paying rent. It was a really good decision. We didn't have much money, but had enough to live comfortably. In fact it is really easy to live in San Francisco without spending any money. I cooked for food not bombs, we dumpster-dove at Rainbows, got more fruit and veggies at The free farmstand, and went out to dinner every Tuesday at Curry without Worry (I recommend it for everybody). I even acquired my tech skills at Noisebridge. We had a kitchen in our bus, so we cooked most of our food. We even made homemade jam and tried to make granola in our van. We had a french press, on sometimes invited friends and our neighbours over for coffee. We even had internet most of the time (donated by friendly neighbours at the pipe organ factory). We had planned for me to successfully immigrate (that is legally, we got married and all) but the bureaucracy and the money and uncertainty it would have taken was overwhelming (marriage is not enough if you don't have money). So we just decided for me to stay there illegally while she finished her school. We moved to Reykjavík before I had overstayed for too long (6 months have no severe consequences for a white boy like me), where I work at a small startup as a web-developer and designer. It was really wonderful times. In fact the freedom of owning your own place (that is our car) was awesome. Of course there were difficult moments, not being able to shower frequently was one of them. But all in all the experience was good. As for whom to help if you care about the homeless. In my view just general good manners are always the first thing that I thing of. Not to call the police on people would be a good start. Oh yes, and if you have a business that throws away food don't lock the dumpstes. Organizations like Food not Bombs, and Homes not Jails are really helpful. Of course my experience is radically different from people that become homeless out of desperation, and in fact their experience is radically different from people that become homeless out of drug addiction or mental health problems (which is also a really varied group). Exaggeration is a well known and powerful poetic tool. Although hate is not an exaggeration of what is going on, it is an emotionally loaded term that delivers the message clearly. You get all the relevant information from the context, and you get the urgency, and the disgracefulness of the act by using poetic replacement terms. Yes, this is precisely the case she should be making. Technology, protocols, and vulnerabilities are ethically agnostic, people aren't (short of psychopaths). There are always going to be exploitations of vulnerabilities, and there are always going to be vulnerabilities to be exploited. But sexual harassment is an ethical issue, that civil humans ought to vomit upon. It ought to be as criminal as trafficking. People doing it shouldn't get away with it, they ought to exposed as the psychopaths they are. Unfortunately in the case of revenge port, they aren't. And worse, by tackling this as an "hacking issue", you are keeping it that way. Number 1) could just as easily be done by the top management, and 4) by the workers. That leaves middle management only facilitating the voice of the worker, which is often time only an illusion anyway. Actually, pagans (at least some) celebrate jól during the solstice (december 21). Christianity plus the Gregorian calendar moved it 4 days to late. Thanks for the tip, It happened when I tried it on Windows, I think it was the babelify compilation. It should be fixed by now No! you can't compare these two scenarios. When urban population is resettled, first, it's also really unfair and shouldn't happen. Second, they're not nearly as dependent on the land as the Chaigos islanders. Third the resettlement is most often to a similar environment. Also, the argument about the late first population is silly. You wouldn't do this to any person. These are people, who's lifes have been ruined, and you can't do that to anybody. No matter if they are indigenous, 2nd generation immigrants, descendants of slave trade, or what ever. You don't do this to any people. You can see the video here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SkBpummjR5I I'd think you should use flexbox for what it's good at --calculating and distributing the available space on it's children-- and grid for what it's good at --enforcing strict and precise layout outlines--. I gave these kind of semantic spaces meaning when I wrote another implementation of AsciiMath[1] because I found it so intuitive. So `1-2 / 3-4 = (1-2) / (3-4)` but `1 - 2/3 - 4 = 1 - (2/3) - 4` like you'd expect. [1]: http://runarberg.github.io/ascii2mathml/ All changes will disrupt someones workflow[1]. I suppose browsers are no exception. 1: https://xkcd.com/1172/ Then there is the leading dots as commonly seen in tables of contents http://jsfiddle.net/hmquvmvp/ I'd think economics should be about describing systems in terms of cost, and finding how much a certain action will cost or profit the system. There is tons of economy to be found in the natural world, and it is mostly shunned by economists, and left to the naturalists. I don't know of any other science that ignores the natural world like that. And yes I see a problem with that. The probability of being wrong becomes huge. What good is an abstraction if it's wrong? I've been toying with a web app[1][2] using hyper[3] as for http connections and ws[4] for web socket connections. This was my first project using anything lower level than Javascript. I had a fairly good experience, my problems stemmed more from not knowing the least bit about memory management rather than lack of libraries. In fact the libraries that are already there tend to be very well documented, with lots of examples and explanations. 1: http://theremins.club 2: https://github.com/runarberg/theremins 3: https://crates.io/crates/hyper 4: https://crates.io/crates/ws function man { cat I have a problem with that approach as it superimposes the fifth level modifier key with the meta (alt) motifier key. When running my ubuntu I can rearrange the modifier keys that fits my use case the best (Caps lock and AltGr as ISO_Level_5, left Alt and right Super as Meta, etc) under OSX those all become the same key, and I either loose the ability to write common characters as `@` (AltGr + q), `}` (AltGr + 0) or the ability to execute common commands with simple key strokes like "Fill paragraph" (Meta + q) or "Forward word" (Meta + f). This non-sense has resulted in most of my co-workers swapping keyboards altogether with the English keyboard and writing the ascii equivalent of special letters (ae → æ, d → ð, þáði → tadi, etc.) because swapping keybards (even though it is only one command; Shift + Option + Space) becomes such a pain if you have to do so many times over the day. Imho, clearfix as a solution to a problem that existed before CSS3, when people used the `float` role to align things in a row -- when time came to stop the alignment behavior, you applied a clearfix. Today, you really only float things that have a block flow inside an inline context, like asides, pictures, blockquotes, etc. You don't really need clearfix since your inline content should just flow around it. If you are using floats on entire sections you are obviously doing something wrong, and you ought to ask your self if `display: flex` on the parent wouldn't be a better fit. I don't know about that. It should be fairly easy to study (and hence replicate). 1. Find a group of animals (preferably humans, but dogs, rats, pigeons, etc. should also work just fine). 2. Target a specific unnecessary behavior pattern (hobby) that all individual engage in. 3. Measure the baseline rate of that activity. 4. Introduce a reward: 4a. For a randomly selected subset the reward follows imminently the targeted behavior. 4b. For the rest they'll receive the "reward" equally often but at a time independent of the targeted behavior. 5. Drop the reward. 6. Let some time pass. 7. Measure the drop/increase in the behavior from the baseline measure. --- [edit] format. Thank you. This was a very informative read indeed. I'm currently in the process of rewriting a hobby compiler[1] that I hacked together over a year ago. This time I wanted to do it properly, and hence have been scouting on the web for a short, concise and to the point, tutorial that briefly explains most of the important concepts that I need to know be for I begin. This was exactly that tutorial. [1]: https://github.com/runarberg/ascii2mathml Not to mention numerous migrations over the Bering, one of the most resent, the Inuit migration, happened around the same time as the Norse explorations. I wrote a clone1[1] of asciimath recently that aims to be just a little bit better then asciimath. It only targets MathML though. [1]: https://runarberg.github.io/ascii2mathml > With a paper map what you see is what you get. That is not true. A good paper (road) map has three zoom levels. 1) A major map covering most of one side of the paper, with enough information to get you easily across the focus area of the map. 2) Often on the side a smaller, sparser macro area map, showing only the freeways and the major cities/towns, often spanning a slight larger area than the main map. 3) A few downtown/focus maps, that are far more detailed than the main map, showing more rodes (sometimes walking paths, and bike lanes, house outlines, etc.). Often on the side along with the macro level map, or on the back next to the index. And 4) a really good paper map has also a macro level public transportation map (often on the back as well) at a zoom level between (1) and (2). No, for their "Jaldi" font they simply use: font-family: "Jaldi script=latin rev=2" However, they are replacing what they think is a missing glyph with an image. For example, if I type the letter "r" while keeping the DOM inspector open, I see the text node containing the letter for a moment before it is replaced with an image element: This is most likely a javascript bug doing a false negative failed progressive enhancement. We already have Object.keys()[1], and Object.values()[2] and Object.entries()[3] are in the stage 4 proposal[4] and should be safe to polyfill. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... [2]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... [3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... [4]: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-object-values-entries and the HN discussion -> https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10786411 > I personally like just writing fractions of a full turn Well just multiply your fraction with τ = 2π and you get radians. E.g. a whole revolution is τ radians (or 360°), half a revolution is ½τ radians or (180°), etc. > Some rare lights stay red forever if you don't activate the thing. This is the most annoying thing about pedestrian lights here in Reykjavík. Reykjavík has all kinds of button behavior. Some actually stop traffic almost immediately. Others look identical, and don't actually do anything (except trigger a soft sound and a vibration when the light goes green). Then there are others that are hybrid of the two and let you wait for the surrounding traffic lights before turning green. This wait is seemingly random and can be up to two minutes. This is a terrible user experience. There is no way of telling how (or whether) a light behaves after you press the button. People are Pavlovian and gradually learn not to press the buttons from the placebo once, and then transfer that behavior to the hybrid ones, and won't cross until someone from the other side finally presses the button. I'm really excited about the Web Audio API. I have always been fond of music but never really played an instrument. Recently I made a conscious decision to learn how to make music, including sound synthesis and music theory. The browser still remains my only instrument, but it is a pretty nice instrument. I admin that I wish I had a more rabid feedback and more fluid way of experimenting (something you get with physical instruments). But with the power of javascript and some HTML and CSS I can simply write my own instruments for the task at hand. So far learning music through the Web Audio API has been a pleasant experience. Do you have any advice for me, who want to gradually get into modular analog physical synthesizers, but doesn't want to spend to much money just yet? I looked for music theory classes on youtube. I found a lot that looked bad, but one I found worth perusing[1]. (A word of warning. It is really corny, but I find him adorable). For sound synthesizes I've had an easier time (I just wish I could get my hands on some analog modules). I've been reading Gordon Reid's Synth Secret[2], recommended often here on HN. And if you know javascript and the DOM I do recommend the docs on the Web Audio API, both on MDN[3], and the W3C spec[4] and implementing the modules described in the Synth Secrets. The API maps very nicely (at least in the eyes of a novice) to how modular synthesizers work. [1]: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLB585CE43B02669C3 [2]: http://www.soundonsound.com/techniques/synth-secrets [3]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Audio_A... [4]: https://webaudio.github.io/web-audio-api/ Grapevine is one of the better journalistic medium in the country. I (an Icelander) often trust Grapevine more then the traditional media. Especially when covering politics or other serious matters (like refugees), Grapevine shines over the traditional media. But most of Grapevines content belongs to this cute or fun news category. In this instance, they source the government radio (RÚV)[ http://www.ruv.is/frett/flytja-inn-klaka-i-tonnavis ], which is definitely a trusted source. So yes, apparently we do import ice-cubes "by the tonnes". Although, personally, I didn't even know they sold ice-cubes in a plastic bags at the store. A simple heading (` Table of content `, ` Content `, ` Articles `, ` Links `) should get the message across. --- Edit: Added an example. > We are shipping a fix for a very common issue: if you're using a foreign keyboard , such as Portuguese, Norwegian, Swedish etc, you weren't able to type some characters like á, ä, ~ and so on. That's not the case anymore! emphasis mine. I have to say I'm pretty tired of this attitude that the whole world should use the anglo-centric defaults (but in case you won't we add support for you later). Regrettably most of us developers (even those of us who live in non-english speaking counties and don't speak english natively) seem to just "settle" for the english keyboard layouts when we are developing. We tell our self that the english layout is "superior for programming". Perhaps we are correct (I doubt we are), but that is irrelevant. When we think like that we are causing accessibility problems to a huge portion of the users of our products. What bothers me most, as an Icelandic developer who prefers my native keyboard layout, is how we shun ISO third level shifts[1]. For example, when I type TILDE (U+007E; ~), I press and hold the third level shift (remapped to ; traditionally ), press and release , and release the third level shift. Most English speaking developers use the ANSI keyboard layout[2], which historically doesn't have a notion of third level shift. Mac OS X is a terrible perpetrator by mapping the third level shift to the key, which also serves as a modifier. I never know when I type COMMERCIAL AT (U+0040; @) ( + Q) whether I will input the character or quit the program. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO/IEC_9995#Levels_.28.E2.80.... [2]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Keyboard_layout#/media/File:AN... --- Edit: Formatting I used to like the style of space padded block statements but not object literals: foo(function() { return {num: 3}; }); I used that a lot when writing code that used D3. But since arrow functions, I hardly ever use a single line block statements, so this style is obsolete. I always presumed that the œ ligature was later collapsed into ø, which is how Danish and Norwegians write the letter ö. Kabyle has about 20 times more native speakers than my native language, Icelandic. In contrast I have been using software in my native language for as long as I remember. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabyle_language Usefulness includes: * You like to own your own music files * You like to listen to music in without depending on an internet connection * You don't like to waste bandwidth * You don't like to depend on an external service / walled garden. I think that streaming services like spotify are kind of like american cable television. It brings music to the masses. But I bet they are going to slowely diminish in popularity, making way for the next mass consumer revolution. In the mean time real music lovers have all their CD's and records ripped and stored on their hard-drives (or SSDs; or whatever). And are going keep on listening that way when someone else makes a similar statement about streaming services as you made about locally stored music files. While I do think that drivers that speed should be ticketed, I have to note that it is a really expensive and ineffective way to reduce speed. A simpler and more effective solution is to alter the roads in such a way that people simply do not drive faster than x k∕h. You can do it by narrowing the road, adding a roundabout, elevated crosswalks, a bike-lane separated with pretty flower pots, etc. I'm pretty sure leaking a sex video without consent is already illegal in most countries. And you can sue the other party for a lot more severe crimes than copyright damages. One of my earlier programming experience was writing a more expressive alternative to ascii math [1]. I learned later that this was also the first compiler that I ever write. It fixes some of the shortcomings of asciiMath, like you should never have to resort to latex like syntax, you can enter Unicode characters directly, and it has a nice mapping to MathML. 1: https://runarberg.github.io/ascii2mathml/ Regardless of the validity of the premise, the conclusion—and the point—of the article is valid. Debating over the definition of planets is silly. It feels as if this is done just so school children can pass astronomy tests by residing the names of all 8 planets. Otherwise there is no point in holding this definition, or any definition for that matter. It is a known problem classifying most natural phenomena is at best difficult—but most likely impossible—to do so under a simple definition. What most naturalists do is to holding a set of common beliefs over what belongs in which category. For example, there is no easy definition of a bird. Rather we have a set of common beliefs over which animals can rightly be called a bird. Worse, the set of “common beliefs” varies depending on field of interests. Some people might talk about viruses as “living” because that servers their purpose (it makes their work easier; it makes more sense) while other wont. I hope that we soon stop this silly debate. Our definition of a planet will not hold for long. The more planets we discover the weaker the current definition will become (this is the authors point). When that happens I bet people will talk about Pluto (and Eris, Sedna, etc.) as a planet just because it matches peoples idea of what a planet is. Just like people talk about viruses as living organisms just because it fits nicely into what we think life is. --- edit: grammar > There's a choice to be made, either Pluto, Eris, Haumea, Makemake and Ceres are all planets or none of them are. This is half true. We don't strictly need a clear definition of a natural phenomena. Just look at the trouble we are having defining life. In fact, it might prove to be impossible to derive a solid definition. Yet most of us agree that all animals are living organisms, but fire isn't. In my view Pluto, Eris, Haumea, Makemake, etc. are all planets. Just because they fit my idea of what a planet is. I am less keen on grouping Ceres with them (but the reason is that I was raised knowing that it was an asteroid, so I am willing to reconsider). If voyager 1 stumbles upon an earth size spherical body in (say) 50 years, I will want to consider it a (rouge) planet, even though it is missing some criteria for the current definition. We can indeed call Pluto a planet and Ceres an asteroid. That is only consistent with how we treat most other categories of natural phenomena. The same can be said about birds. You can say that for an animal to be considered a bird it: a) has to have feathers, b) has to have warm blood, c) cannot have claws on its wings, d) cannot have teeth. But than you find one animals that we can all agree is a bird that has claws on its wings while still a chick (will it grow up to become a bird?). So you use a new definition. Bird are evolutionary descendant some reptiles had contained feathers and warm blood. This will (mostly) hold out until we discover some extinct groups of reptiles that had feathers and warm blood. Note though how vague the latter definition is. It has to be. Because we cannot derive at a solid definition of a bird that encapsulates all animals that we can consent on calling a bird. Well: $ curl https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/about/legal/terms/services/ | xmllint --html --xpath "//main/descendant::*/text()" - 2> /dev/null | wc -w 1232 So at most 1232 words in the terms of service for using firefox. Seems manageable, even in legalese. edit: code sample Nothing is stopping you from authoring your math however you like as long as there are tools that support the translation[1]: [1]: http://fred-wang.github.io/TeXZilla/ If I remember correctly iOS is the only platform were that limitation ever existed. https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12517000/no-sound-on-ios... I think that is cheating, because after the recasting is done you are left with a single piece. The instructions clearly say 4 pieces ;) Especially diff. The single thing that annoys me with tabs is the fill behavior. The tab stop is not affected by the leading ‘+’ or ‘-’ in the start of the line which can lead to some weird looking code like : function foo() { - if (baz) { + if (bar) { baz(); } } If a tool is not set up to deal with this problem (for example `git config core.pager less -S -x1,5` for a 4 space tab stop, `less -S -x4` makes the first second line above indent with 3 not 4 spaces). This is also a problem if a line is merged to the line above and an unaware developer leaves a tab character—previously used as indentation—thinking it is a space character. To the developer with the tab-stop set to four there is a one in a four chance they look identical. That is very nice. Here from Reykjavík, Iceland, you can see Snæfellsjökull on a clear day (about 118 km away; featured in Jules Vernes’ “Journey to the Center of the Earth”), and it seems very far away indeed. I can only imagine 216, or let alone 500+ km distances. If I remember correctly, the array methods `.includes`, `.every`, and `.some` were renamed because of collision with prototype.js's `.contains`, `.all`, and `.any` respectively. Another upside of the proposal is that if you need to reuse the fetch promise somewhere else it will retain the reject status if the promise fails. The proposal is more akin to: fetch(...) .then(response => { closeThatLoader(); return success(response); }) .catch(error => { closeThatLoader(); throw error; }); The actual proposal[1] is currently on stage 3 on the standards tract[2]. Meaning that the spec is complete and further refinement will require feedback[3]. Should I be a little surprised to see this enabled by default before it reaches stage 4 (ready for inclusion in the next version of the standard)? [1]: https://github.com/tc39/proposal-promise-finally [2]: https://github.com/tc39/proposals/blob/master/README.md [3]: https://tc39.github.io/process-document/ I suppose it will simply add two side-effects to the last link in the promise chain: $ node --harmony_promise_finally -e ' Promise .resolve() .finally(() => console.log("foo")) .finally(() => console.log("bar")); ' foo bar Alcoholism is a very serious but very treatable disorder. If you suspect you might be developing alcoholism there is no shame in seeking advice from a medical professional. It doesn't sound like you have a problem with your drinking but having a professional diagnose if this can turn into a problem is a good precaution if you suspect you might get sick. A common myth about alcoholism is that it is a personality trait, and people who are alcoholics will always be one. This is incorrect. It is a disorder that one develops and is treatable. If untreated one can be sick for the rest of ones life. The consequences can be severe, including the loss of your job and even your family. As said before, it doesn't sound like you are terribly sick. A good thing to know is that you are not alone. Many people have this disorder and are actively seeking help. As with other disorders, a professional opinion is always better then self diagnostic. Indeed, there are people who biologically predisposed to alcoholism and other addiction disorders. It is believed that genetically some people are more likely to develop alcoholism than others. This is true. However, this is no different than other disorders that some people have genetic disposition towards, but are still highly treatable, like diabetes or depression. A fun relevant fact: Denmark sold today's U.S. Virgin Islands in 1916 for $25M ($600M today) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Treaty_of_the_Danish_West_Indi... You don't need a shower after bike ride on a level surface less then 10 km. Unless maybe you have a heavy headwind. That is what Iceland did. Before the 1960's Iceland observed the daylight saving hour by switched from Iceland standard time (GMT-1) to GMT. In 1968 however, Iceland decided to stay on the daylight saving hour making true noon in Reykjavík often around 13:30. Having grown in those hours I have to say it kind of sucks. You wake up in darkness most of the year. If you wake up at 7:00 local time, that means you wake up at 5:30 solar time. There are loud voices (including psychologists and medical experts) that are advocating for moving Iceland back to Icelandic standard time (UTC-1). They claim the lack of sunshine can have detrimental effect on the sleeping cycle and therefor the general health of the population. Adding an extra hour of sun in the morning might be helpful for the general population. I suppose you can use `git log -- path/to/specific/project` to get a specific history. I think you can just use headless firefox[1] or headless chrome[2]. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/Firefox/Headless_mode [2]: https://developers.google.com/web/updates/2017/04/headless-c... Iceland went to a permanent DST (GMT) back in the 60’s. But health officials are seriously advocating moving Iceland back closer to the solar noon (GMT-0100). Apparently consistently waking up way before sun rise may have negative consequences on the general public. Not so fast. Having grown up in a permanent DST on the 63th parallel, I can say that waking up and walking to school in constant darkness is also quite depressing. So much so that health officials in Iceland are now debating towards moving Iceland back closer to the solar noon (GMT-0100 from GMT) citing public health reasons. On the contrary Iceland, which is currently on permanent DST is considering moving the clock back an hour, getting closer to solar noon, because it turns out constantly waking up in darkness might have bad effects on the the general health of the population. You might think you prefer sunlight after work. But it seems the scientific consensus is shifting towards believing the contrary. And having lived most of my life in permanent DST, I can honestly say I agree with this shifting scientific consensus. Its funny, when I landed my first job as a software developer, in a statistical startup, I learned about promises using d3.queue[1]. This was before javascript had native promises, and around the javascript community was settling on A+ promises. But d3 was how I learned to write asynchronous code without relying solely on callbacks. [1]: https://github.com/d3/d3-queue Please, I have been looking for a descent music player for a while (since my Creative Zen had a hard drive failure). Did you get yours new or used (if so, which brand? how much money? where from?), did you hack it together your self (if so how)? Well many millions of years ago there was no Antarctica. Perhaps a civilization came about when there was only one continent, which has happened a few times throughout the earths history. Why would a civilization even be terrestrial, wouldn't an ocean living civilization be even more likely? Why does a civilization need to invent agriculture. Perhaps ever evolving hunting technics or even just a sudden massive change in diet could free up enough time for a mass population of a species to start concentrating their efforts on cross societal constructions. I'm not saying that there was an ancient aquatic civilization of squids that mutated plankton to swim to their mouths. But if we want to ask such an extraordinary question, we must not limit our self in such a way that it makes it easier to deny it. I might have a mild face blindness. I was never diagnosed, and might never be. This has never affected me in any way (other then a few awkward interactions). I am able to recognize people as soon as the start talking, sometimes I can even recognize people when they start moving. I also recognize people by their clothes, hair, etc. My wife was the first one to notice I might have this condition (and yes it has happened more then once that I don’t recognize her). This is despite the fact that I have a BS in psychology and had read a lot about face blindness in university. It just never occurred to me that I might have this. Those awkward moments I mentioned earlier, I usually blamed on me not paying attention, being stupid, shy or something else. Indeed. Both elephants and humpback whales have been proven to possess cultures that passes down the generations in certain populations. I wonder what cultures were lost, and what the social impacts of loosing these cultures are. This is a good question to ask. The answer is obviously “no,” but it would be interesting to see an ethical argument for designing this. Your seat belt analogy is invalid. Driving past a certain speed is always life threatening. Even if you driving on a non-life threatening speed, you share the road with other people that might be, worse, these people might be drunk even though your sober. Wearing a seat belt is a low cost highly effective way to reduce the risk of dying while in traffic. The reduction is significant. Usually parents share beds with their infants in a low risk and controlled environment. If the parents get drunk one night, it is easy for them to postpone the practice that particular night. Always putting the baby to the crypt is a high cost low yield way of reducing the risk of SIDS. The risk reduction is puny. A more apt analogy would be if you always drive on your own private road no faster then 15 km/h, except once a week where you drive 120 km/h on the motorway. Your car has a 5 point seat belt and is a pain to put on. A sensible person, and a sensible advice is to put the seat belt on that one time a week when you drive on the motorway. Reykjavík has a few of those, but they are amazing. They are one of the few places where cars actually stop for pedestrians almost immediately (way more effective then simple painted crosswalk). They also do wonders in slowing down the traffic as it reaches downtown (way more effectively then simple speed bumps). > Companies don't have souls Careful there. There is no consensus that humans do have souls. Personality might have been a better word to pick, since what you are describing better fits the idea of personality, but that is dangerous as well. But regardless of the specific term we want that separates individuals from companies, there is no denying that companies are more then the sum of the individuals they are made of. Group psyche has been proven to prevail through replacement of every member. Though one should not jump to the opposite conclusion either—that companies’s behavior remains static through a change in leadership. Apparently it started being used to denote a place of interest in Finland in the 1950's. Funny enough I have always thought that sign was universal, understood by all culture to mean you can park your car here and see something interesting. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Looped_square That is weird indeed. Especially since there are regular scheduled flights from the Reykjavík airport[1] to Kulusuk. Reykjavík airport is included, along with most airports that have scheduled flights from there (like Ísafjörður and Egilsstaðir) but not Kulusuk. [1]: not to be confused with the larger Keflavík international airport that handles almost all international flights to Iceland The first time I entered Canada—as an Icelandic citizen—was through the borders between Quebec and Vermont[1]. I had some troubles crossing the borders because the border police claimed I didn’t have the means to support my self once on the Canada side (I did), and that I didn’t have travel insurance (which I also did). To cross I needed to gather some paper to persuade the police that I was legit. Funny enough the library in town (where I could access a printer and internet, back in 2011) sits on both sides of the borders. The police had warned me not to exit the library on the Canadian side, or risk being arrested for illegal entry. I don’t remember any warnings inside the library, so I was thankful for the border police for giving me that advice beforehand. [1]: https://www.openstreetmap.org/#map=14/45.0047/-72.0941 Take the Sound Transit 550. It is the main (only direct?) busline between downtown Seattle and Bellevue. During rush hour it comes at an interval of 10 - 15 min. The bus it self is a double wagon (with an accordion connection), it fits maybe (beware I'm pulling this figure from thin air) 50 people. It is always crowded with people standing back to front. During these 10 - 15 minutes one can only imagine how many people cross on the motorway between these places in their private cars. So it is accurate (although it sounds like a contradiction) to say that *"Nobody wants to take the bus because it is too crowded". Regardless, 50 - 90 people every 10 - 15 minutes. I’m sure this number is dwarfed by the number of people that travel the same route over the same bridges in less time, more comfortably in their private cars. Indeed, but—since you mentioned it—there are a lot of missed opportunities in electrifying short range passenger ferries. Many ferries might only sail for 20 minutes and remain docked for a while where they could be recharged. Even on a busy ferry routes, a natural gas powered boats might actually make a lot more sense then a diesel powered one. The only real use for a diesel engine now might be for long distance cargo vessels, cross ocean passenger ferries, and very very huge fishing trawlers (although I would very much like to see the big trawlers vanish into history). I was gonna write a snarky comment about using a but apparently, the only methods allowed on a s and s are GET and POST. I wonder why these limitations. Especially since you can get past this with an: button.addEventHandler('click', () => { fetch('/path/to/resource', { method: 'DELETE' }) }); which seems way less accessible then to have the method there right there as an attribute. I still don’t understand why: is better then: When the former actually calls DELETE behind the scenes. I would think a crawler would prefer the latter, except for the fact that it is invalid (!) There are also plenty of Thai restaurants in Reykjavík (and Iceland in general), probably for a different reason then the article states since Iceland has a significant Thai population. Living in Seattle for the past year, and loving Thai food, I noticed that there is a general overall difference in the type of restaurant a Thai place is between Reykjavík and Seattle. Thai places in Seattle seem a lot fancier then in Reykjavík. In Seattle you most likely have to order a table, or at the very least have a waiter show you to your table. In Reykjavík, on the other hand, Thai places tend to range all over the place, all the way down to having only 4 bar-like seats by the window. The menu is also way more diverse in Reykjavík. In Seattle, you can pretty much guess the entire menu before you walk into a Thai place. While in Reykjavík a Thai place might only have three types of pad thai on the menu, or only sell soup, or even sell have 3 or 4 pages of stuff on the menu, including non-thai cuisine. Generally, I like the Thai places in Reykjavík better then in Seattle. In general though, if you want good Thai food I mostly recommend in North Thailand or Laos. Sometimes I would go to the same place and order the same thing, but get a completely different thing (for example, deep fried noodles instead of steamed; a fresh set veggies, etc), but either time be blown away by tastyness. Perhaps it is a cultural thing, but I've been boycotting Soda stream throughout my adulthood. In fact whenever a conversation arises around me, I advice everyone (with positive feedback) to do the same. Whenever I see Soda Stream in the wild, I cringe a little. 100-1000 people a week seems like a lot. I’m mostly into ”something to impress my friends and forget about in a month” which—in my utopia—would account for the majority of all websites. But when I was most active in having fun building websites for fun and showoff, about 3 years ago, I would use [microjs]( http://microjs.com/# ) quite a bit. I don’t know if that is relevant anymore though EDIT: Vanilla JS is also a good option and has been getting exponentially better over the years. The muni system is one of the worst functional bus system that I have ever encountered. Sure there are worse systems that don’t have any coverage (El Paso for example) but they are not functioning so I don’t count those. Problems with muni include: - To many stops (like every two blocks). - Hardly any dedicated bus lanes, bus gets stuck in traffic too many times. - Slow and un-intuitive routes. - Small and overcrowded busses. - No transfer to BART or ferries. I recently came across a muni map from the mid 80s and it was almost identical to an up to date one. That might give an idea of how stagnant the system is. The few good things I find about the muni system is that it has good coverage, frequent busses[1] and is cheap. [1]: Sometimes too frequent, I sometimes see the 14 being stuck in congestion of other 14s Is it weird to note the difficulties of decommissioning windmills, and then advocate for nuclear power plants? These look less like questions about the project and more like feature requests. Perhaps you should try unpkg: And if that doesn't work, perhaps you can submit an issue or a PR. So this is like the rest and spread operator in javascript (`...`). An interesting observation is that while python has separate operators for lists ( * ) and dictionaries ( * * )—javascript has only `...`. > You need to be careful when using multiple times though. Functions in Python can’t have the same keyword argument specified multiple times, so the keys in each dictionary used with must be distinct or an exception will be raised. This is not an issue in javascript, the unpacked object with repeated keys takes the value of the last one. {...{a: 1}, ...{a: 2}} // => {a: 2} edit: formatting Brain cell deterioration is a symptom of Alzheimer's disease, i.e. it brain damage is the effect of the disease, not the cause. What causes that deterioration is up for debate. Finding that cause is integral for better treatment and hopefully prevention and a cure. My former neurology teacher was working on finding a genetic model that could predict Alzheimer's. They said that work was going well. However they were also finding strong evidence for these infection models. which seems to contradict their work. The disease couldn't be both hereditary and infectious. Their answer were that possible we were looking at at least two different diseases that just so happened to attack the same neurons, and hence produce the same symptoms. Less cynical, true. But also, less apt. There is no real need for arctic oil, nor Saudi oil for that matter. There are other, easier and cheaper, ways to replace Saudi oil then digging for it in the Arctic. As a user of free software you should always accept the risk that it is maintained by a malicious actor. It is just as likely that the original author will turn malicious. You as a user have the responsibility of auditing all the free software you use. Perhaps you should suggest these guidelines: https://npm.community/ Sometimes you wonder if they could possible move the route a little to the side. I live on an island close to Seattle, and airplains flying from California will fly straight over the island, almost like it is on purpose. You wonder why they couldn't move the route a little to the west or a little to the east and fly over the sea instead. https://flightaware.com/live/flight/ASA1041 Just came back to python after several years in javascript. I've found that the functions you need are often already provided in the standard library (for example the `operator` module[1]). So where in javascript you would write: const double = x => x * 2 In python you can simply write: from operator import mul double = mul(2) [1]: https://docs.python.org/2/library/operator.html Really I think raised crosswalks are the only time a speed bump is properly used. A free standing speed bump (without a crosswalk) is sort of useless since drivers like to speed up between them, and slow down only just before they hit the bump. But a raised crosswalk really does magic in increasing the proportion of drivers that actually stop for crossing pedestrians. This one in Reykjavík does wonders. I hardly ever have a car not stopping when I try to cross there. https://www.google.com/maps/@64.1493811,-21.9324505,3a,75y,2... The sign design in the USA is weird. They really don’t like symbols, and prefer to spell things out with weird abbreviations. Instead of an obvious sign like that, you would get a diamond shaped yellow sign with saying “SPEED BUMB” and instead of a standard crosswalk sign you would get the same yellow diamond saying “PED X-ING”, and it is by no means consistent what they actually say. The USA could really use some sign design revision. The same problem. Drivers would just speed up between them. Plus I think there are better ways to get drivers to slow down then catch and punish all offenders. From MDN[1]: > JavaScript classes, introduced in ECMAScript 2015, are primarily syntactical sugar over JavaScript's existing prototype-based inheritance. The class syntax does not introduce a new object-oriented inheritance model to JavaScript. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... Article from january last year. Should it be marked with (2018)? Do note though that there is a lot of syntax that is hidden with the `class` keyword. So even though it is primarily a syntactic sugar, it is by no means trivial. If I remember correctly it used to be the case that every JavaScript repo came with it's own eccentric style. I'm certainly guilty of that. Now -- when we have these style "standard" style guides -- we've sort of settled on 3 or 4 competing standards. None of them look particularly bad (or at least not worse then my personal style cerca 2012). Don't get me wrong. We still engage in stupid bikeshedding about semi vs. no semi, tabs vs. spaces etc. but I feel overall we've embiggened our spirit when it comes to code style debates. Two weeks is hardly enough time to know your dog, and yet your bond is already really strong. Your bond will most likely strengthen exponentially over the next year or two. So the feeling is probably worse then you can imagine. It is not just `display: grid` that is replacing the layout. Now we also have interactive elements in the HTML spec[1] like ` ` and ` `. We also have custom elements making an all in solution like bootstrap less desirable for everything except quick prototyping. [1]: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interactive-elements.... This is funny. I was thinking that Bootstrap should be suffering the same fate as jquery. That is, it’s relevance should be decreasing as web technology catches on. I see no reason for using a third party layout system now that CSS has `display: flex;` and `display: grid;`. As for modals and menus, HTML has ` ` and ` `. And for reusable components, we have custom elements, that you can either implement your self (not that hard) or pull from a library (using javascript modules). Really the only reason I see anyone using CSS frameworks like bootstrap is for quick prototyping or because that is what they know and don’t bother picking up the new standards (which is ironically where jquery was a few years ago). You should look at `for await ... of`[1]. You can get a streaming reader from a `fetch` response and loop if through an async iterator. If you prefer the functional syntax observables, I'm sure you can find a library that wraps async iterators as observables. [1]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Refe... It does. The fetch response object exposes a `ReadableStream` through the `body` property, which you can loop through with a `for await ... of` loop. On each iteration, simply update your progress. You can always drop in a polyfill[1], and when browser support picks up, you can remove it from your dependencies. That is what people used to do when they decided to omit jquery in favor of native web APIs a few years back. [1]: https://github.com/GoogleChrome/dialog-polyfill Neither was `document.querySelector` or `Element.prototype.closest` a few years back. It didn’t stop people from abandoning jquery in favor of the native APIs and just polyfilling the browers that were lacking the support. Or if you prefer: for (const element of document.querySelectorAll('.some-class')) { // ... } For that you can write: const elements = document.querySelectorAll('.some-class'); const values = Array.prototype.map.call(elements, element => element.value); or more idiomatically (and perhaps a little slower): const elements = [...document.querySelectorAll('.some-class')]; const values = elements.map(element => element.value); Please don’t do that. Sleep is really important, and waking up before sunrise is potentially detrimental to overall sleep in the population. you’re not wrong, however this is a gross oversimplification. If you are on a permanent daylight savings time at high latitudes, you will have more people staying up late and waking up early for a longer period of the year. The difference is not negligible. In fact Iceland (currently on permanent daylight savings time; where I have lived most of my life) is considering moving the clock closer to solar time. They are citing public health reasons for the move. The adverse effects of sleep deprivation accumulate. It does make sense to minimize the time you have to wake up before daylight. Please consult public health experts before making any decision like this. I have a feeling that suicide rates in the US northern states might go up if they stay on a permanent DST. There are also union laws that mandate overtime pay off hours. These hours are often defined to be out side of 8:00-17:00, incentivizing businesses to keep open during these hours. You are neglecting public health concerns. People’s sleep tends to be disrupted when they have to wake up long before sunrise. Sleep is important for the population, more important then afternoon sunshine, I would say. Huh, that means Iceland can no longer set our timezones to Casablanca. A few years back, Atlantic/Reykjavík was never an option when selecting timezone, so we would always go with Casablanca. Think of MathML more like SVG. You can write it by hand (and in some cases you should), but in most cases you should use a graphical editor (like inkscape), or a library (like D3). hmm, here is a project I haven’t given nearly as much love as it deserves. ascii2mathml was the first compiler I ever wrote (and have written since). I wrote it because I wanted authors from a non math background to be able to write short expressions in forums or comment threads without having to know latex. I tried to make it as intuitive as possible. Even going as far as making `1+2 / 3+4` a different expression from `1 + 2/3 + 4`. But I know some people started integrate the library in their notebook apps, mainly used by math students taking notes in lectures in a markdown format (writing the expressions in ascii2mathml). Ascii2mathml might be a better fit then then the original asciimath for that purpose as the original is no expressive enough to capture advanced math expressions. I bailed on it a couple of years ago because it looked like MathML was a dying. Chrome wasn’t going to implement it. Also I haven’t been using it for anything either. Perhaps it is now time I revisit it and give it some love. Say I sell my vote. The person picks a party I don’t agree with. I will simply vote for them anyway in the prelimenaries, screengrap my proof, and send to my customer. I can do this multiple times. Each time I void my previous ballot, betraying my previous customer. Then comes election day, then I show up in person and cast a physical ballot for the party that I favor. As a buyer, my customers have no way of knowing I didn’t void the preliminary ballot by showing up on election day. Note that frauding vote buyers this way is also possible in most election systems that have non-digital preliminaries. You don’t even need that. In many systems, you can vote multiple times, and only your most recent vote counts. As a buyer you have no way of knowing if your agent didn’t vote after they photographed them self voting for the party you picked.