God, what a waste of talent and technology. It's not entirely their fault. The places where polio still exists are very isolated, and often actively hostile to Western medical teams. Matters have not been helped by the CIA (and others) using vaccination operations as cover for their spies. Whoops! Does HN really not have a duplicate-checker? Well, your two anecdotes certainly sold me. Clearly, poverty in America is entirely the result of careless people making bad choices. I've never heard of that. What is it? Maybe http://1871.com/ I had trouble taking this article seriously because it kept referring to David Foster Wallace as "Foster Wallace". His last name is just Wallace. It's not a compound, hyphenated last name or anything strange like that. I think the argument is that Google and others stand to lose a great deal of business around the world if they're seen as a front for US government intelligence agencies. That gives them a real financial interest in opposing this kind of surveillance. This seems like a really silly PR stunt. If you're interviewing for a job that pays tens of thousands of dollars, why do you care about $1000? It'd be like Amazon offering a "Launch a bestselling book, get a $500 gift card" promo. This seems like a really silly PR stunt. If you're interviewing for a job that pays tens of thousands of dollars, why do you care about $1000? It'd be like Amazon offering a "Launch a bestselling book, get a $500 gift card" promo. So, uh... don't do the puzzle? I don't really see the problem here. I really doubt this puzzle constitutes "work" (in the sense of being beneficial for Facebook's bottom line). This seems analogous to an audition to me. > It would basically just be based on luck, whoever could land the higher yield jobs. The honest truth is that it's already mostly luck that determines who gets the big payouts and who doesn't. There are so many factors beyond your control that play into your success. From that perspective, a society where we were up front about that fact would at least be "more fair" in the sense that it would reduce lauding some for their unearned success while disparaging others for their equally happenstance failures. > they have duties towards their fellow man, that's why! That's exactly what he's saying. It's a company, not a person. You are not its "fellow man"--because it's not a man. It's a legal structure that exists to generate profit. How do you do that by accident? Somebody had to design, implement, and test a feature to sniff and store data off wireless networks. Most likely, yes. You can tap a fiber optic line without breaking it by bending it such a way that light leaks out: http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/it-security/protect-your-ne... Currently, it's kind of semi-privatized: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postal_Reorganization_Act But Congress still has oversight over it, and it's legally obligated to service all Americans. There are some people who think we should go further, and fully privatize it: http://www.downsizinggovernment.org/usps What a joke. What you've written could be said of any well-paid job right up until it's eliminated: "Telegraph operators were paid well and felt themselves part of an honored profession. It was a good way to make a living for a lot of people."[1] Companies would be THRILLED to eliminate developers and no longer have to pay them. And plenty of people are working on that problem: "Imagine sitting at a Salesforce event in 2008 in Chicago while Salesforce.com’s CEO, Marc Benioff, swiftly works an entire room of business users into an anti-software frenzy. I was there to learn about Force.com, and I’ll summarize the message I understood four years ago as 'Not only can companies benefit from Salesforce.com, they also don’t have to hire developers.'"[2] [1] http://www.appalachianhistory.net/2010/06/3918.html [2] http://programming.oreilly.com/2012/10/salesforce-developers... "faster growth" != "most beneficial" Plenty of stupid, useless (or even just nonprofitable) companies experience meteoric growth until a fad passes. "very leveraged strategies" What does that even mean, in this context? "Leveraged" has a specific meaning in physics/engineering, in finance, and negotiation, but I don't know what it would mean in the context of sales. Like go into a lot of debt to spend money on marketing? Maybe spambots are a very leveraged strategy. Wait, isn't this exactly the same as "Coin" which got a lot of buzz today? C Seems like this was written by Steven D'Aprano, not Guido. This is great, but why does everything have to be a video these days? Whatever happened to just text + screenshots (if appropriate) It's so much faster than a video. Steve Jobs? Wut? > And 'A New Kind of Science' was a fascinating book. Indeed... A Rare Blend of Monster Raving Egomania and Utter Batshit Insanity: http://vserver1.cscs.lsa.umich.edu/~crshalizi/reviews/wolfra... I happen to really like coding challenges. I much prefer them to a "technical interview" situation, which I find very stressful--trying to answer difficult questions in real time. However, the coding challenges I've done for applications have always been in the vein of "solve this interesting puzzle and show us how you did it", not "do some boring day-to-day work, but do it for free". That's true, but it's not a slam-dunk case for rushing ahead without sufficient testing. There's a reason that "first, do no harm"[1] is considered one of the fundamental principles of medical ethics. Medical interventions can have disastrous side effects.[2] [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Primum_non_nocere [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thalidomide#Birth_defects_cris... > are there any other examples than Thalidomide? A whole lot of people have died from contaminated blood transfusions: http://articles.latimes.com/1994-08-31/news/mn-33183_1_aids-... That's another case of a medical intervention ending up doing more harm than good. > if there really are a bunch of young white males with the right "pedigree" who are getting money thrown at them without having demonstrated any real merit, then I withdraw my objection That's exactly what happens. You are much, much more likely to get funded if you're a young white (or perhaps asian) guy doing an undergrad at Stanford than if you're a black woman studying at Berkeley. Now, you can hand-wave about connections, and entrepreneurial culture or what have you, but at some level, that just reinforces the point. Why not try it? http://www.investorhome.com/darts.htm http://www.cbinsights.com/blog/venture-capital/venture-capit... According to that report, 87% of funded founders are white; 92% of funded founders are male. > is there an institution or subculture in the world that is more meritocratic than Silicon Valley? Obviously professional sport. Especially "one-dimensional" sports like running or swimming. The "best" runners in the world are so named because they consistently run the fastest. There are some qualifiers in terms of who has the time and money to train, and access to coaching, but all in all it's highly meritocratic. Sadly, this article has already been kicked off the HN frontpage by the "flamewar" filter, and the comments here (including from HN's illustrious founder, Paul Graham) illustrate just how resistant tech types are to the mere suggestion that factors beyond individual gumption play into their successes. Serious question: What can you usefully do in C without a compiler? Write your own self-hosted compiler somehow? I reject the notion that people who are skilled at using a set of tools are "talentless amateurs" because they don't know how to work without those tools, or create the tools from scratch. How good is a master carpenter if you took away his hammer and saw? This was on Hacker News a while back, maybe give him a try? http://jeffhuang.com/rethinking_the_phd_application.html > Right now, that is setting up TOR for people longing for unrestricted information, in the past it was smuggling black slaves from the south to Canada. Could you possibly be more self-serving? For the record, some libertarians think that slaveholders should have been compensated for the "theft" of their "property" and that buying out slaveholders would have been cheaper, and therefore morally superior, to fighting the civil war. There's an ugly strain of Confederate sympathizing among some outspoken libertarians: http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2013/07/10/th... > He considers himself a New York entrepreneur who wants to make a buck and doesn’t have much patience for what he views as arbitrary rules and regulations, such as those that govern renting apartments to Airbnb subscribers. I don't see how this guy is any different from Airbnb itself (or other disruptive-and-dubiously-legal operations like the various digital gypsy cab companies). That's what Republic Wireless does now, and they just launched with the Moto X at a surprisingly low price: https://republicwireless.com/ My understanding is Google bought Motorola primarily for their patent portfolio, so they'd have some weapons to aim at Apple and ward off lawsuits through mutually-assured destruction. Is it possible for them to sell off Motorola's hardware operations while retaining their IP? Republic Wireless has a $40/month 4G plan with the Moto X: https://republicwireless.com/plans Groupon hasn't gone bankrupt yet? I can see why they're anti-rooting--they need to be able to offload voice + SMS traffic to wifi, and they can't do that if you've flashed a custom ROM or whatever. I think they're hoping to eventually have the wifi calling stuff packaged as an app, so it could be installed on whatever ROM (or device) you wanted. But for now, it's integrated with the android system at a very low level. > you're out of luck if you want to cancel the service after 30 days. Sort of. There's no early termination fee, so in that way it's better than legacy carriers. But you can't take your RW phone and use it on any other network, so you are out the cost of the device. > What if I started a company, and all good candidates were male, and the women weren't on par? What if no women applied at all? Then it's pretty clear you've done a bad job of advertising your job openings. Did you, perhaps, just ask for referrals among your own personal network? > I'm sorry am I supposed to go out of my way to directly extend a hand to women as well? In a word? Yes. Women are seriously under-represented in the tech community, so if your recruiting effort only extends to your friends and their friends. (And this kind of 'hey, do you know a good ____ dev?' search is pretty common for small firms) then it's statistically unlikely you're going to get many good female candidates. I don't think you're morally obligated to hire a woman just for the sake of diversity--you should hire whoever's best for the role. But I do think you're obliged to at least consider qualified women. And I find it laughable to suggest that there simply don't exist good female candidates. They are numerically fewer; you have to make an effort to find them. You're reading things into my comment that I didn't write. The parent I was responding to suggested that he might have openings at his company for which there aren't any "good" (or even any at all) female applicants. I find it absurd to suggest that there are zero qualified women existing in the world, so the problem is one of finding and recruiting them to apply. Above, you agreed with the statement "You shouldn't force equality, but actively work towards it." EDIT: My mistake, that was a different user. Making the effort to consider qualified women is part of actively working towards it. Maybe it does cost some small amount of extra money, but if you refuse to make even the minor effort of, say, posting to a women's tech board[0] then you are part of the problem. [0] e.g. http://www.pyladies.com/ > Why do we actually care about inequality in professions? At an individual level, it's unfair if people are discouraged or denied the opportunity to peruse their interests because of their demographic characteristics. At a societal level, we'll all benefit by having more people working in fields where they're most productive. > so is every other field out there dominated by either/or. That's not true at all. Some fields are near parity. Med schools are basically 50/50 these days. > It barely meets expenses Then cut your expenses; don't live beyond your means. Isn't that the advice that's always being given to poor people? $100k puts you in the top quintile of the US population. It's definitely wealthy. > It definitely is not wealthy. > reasonably affluent households > it's not the same thing as being rich. Now you're just playing with semantics. "Wealthy", "affluent", and "rich" are all synonyms with subtly different connotations. Statistically, if your family is making $100k/year, you have access to more money than the vast majority of American families. > but that's really comparing apples and oranges Yes, exactly! It's comparing wealthy people to not-wealthy people. I get that the money doesn't buy as much as you might hope it would; it doesn't feel "rich" because you imagine "rich" to include luxurious vacations and a huge house or what-have-you. And it doesn't seem "rich" because you measure yourself against even-wealthier people in your social and professional orbit--and you discount not-rich families as "oranges" that are not comparable to your own "apples". But in terms of raw numbers--not feelings--you're pretty well-off. A big part of it is probably the travel/moving expenses. At a bare minimum, you need bus/cab fare (or a car + gas $) and enough for a security deposit on an apartment when you arrive. That might be hard to scrape together if you're unemployed and living with parents. Unfortunately, if you do take a job that's "beneath" what your qualifications would suggest, you'll sometimes wind up torpedoing your career prospects going forward. I think a developer who was "consulting" or "freelancing" (read: unemployed) for the past six months would get more callbacks than one who'd been working at McDonald's, or needed to telecommute from North Dakota. I suppose you can mitigate that effect by leaving it off your CV, but working a "crappy" job is still going to take away time and energy that could otherwise be spent improving your skills for your desired career. > maybe unemployment is no longer serving it's intended functions (as a stop-gap between jobs). That's basically true. I'm of the opinion that we need a real basic/guaranteed income program, because what we have right now is a terrible hodgepodge of TANF + unemployment + SSDI ( http://apps.npr.org/unfit-for-work/ ) which only serve to paper over the fact that we have more people than there are jobs. This problem will only get worse in the future as automation hollows out the middle of the labor market. Maybe make-work programs aren't a bad idea? American infrastructure is in a really bad way, something like the Civilian Conservation Corps could do a lot of good repairing and improving rail lines, highways, bridges, and the electrical grid. > But you can't really call them food stamps anyway as they have become their own form of currency and you can buy nearly anything with them. That's not true at all: http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap/eligible-food-items You might be confused, because some states provide other forms of benefits (SS or TANF) on the same debit cards as SNAP ("food stamps"), but the food stamps program only pays for food--and not even all kinds of food. You wrote a lengthy post, and you seem to have strong opinions about this subject, but you are badly misinformed about the underlying facts. Some people do sell their food stamps (at a discount) for cash: http://www.kpho.com/story/23509709/food-stamp-recipients-sel... But that's an illegal abuse of the program. If anything, it's an argument in favor of replacing current welfare programs with unconditional cash transfers. I wasn't sure how to write a title that was concise and captured the substance of the article. It seems like you want to split hairs about whether "analyzing posts" means examining text or metadata. Do you think that "NSA is analyzing phone calls" would be an accurate description of their metadata dragnet? At any rate, if they aren't looking at the content of self-censored posts yet, it certainly sounds like they're at least interested in doing so. According to the article, "This implies that Facebook wants to know what you are typing in order to understand it." > You're taxed on your income when you earn it. Why should there be a special tax just because you died? Because your children didn't earn it. They just won the lucky sperm lotto. As a society, our policies should be structured to discourage the formation of a hereditary elite. Because "open source" is not the same thing as "free software": https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/open-source-misses-the-point.... > and no one has to hold any type of accountability? Is there no way to trace, cancel, or reverse a transaction? Is there anything at all I can do? You can file a police report. If somebody stole your physical cash, what would you do? Bitcoin advocates claim this is a feature, not a bug. They say bitcoin should be the digital equivalent of cash. Why couldn't some software company license out their app to cab companies? The Uber app is slick, but it's not exactly groundbreaking tech--somebody could clone it. That's his chart of the year? How about this one: http://cdn.static-economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecac... From this article: http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21578643-world-has-as... This article is behind a registration wall and unreadable for most users. Wait, so companies post real problems, and then people solve them for them for free? Is there at least a prize for the winners? > Using tech services isn’t like using a toaster. It’s often an act of faith. Logging into Apple, Facebook, Google or Square products requires confidence that those companies will treat intimate information in an aboveboard manner, including your contacts, communications, location, medical history, shopping preferences, surfing habits and more. Time and again that faith has been demonstrated to be severely misplaced. If a "backlash" against the tech sector leads to fewer people thoughtlessly handing over their most private lives to giant, amoral entities, then so much the better. > Organic search and paid search are silo'd. According to who? Google? Is there any transparency or any way for an outsider to verify that? > Even then, is DDG viable competition for Google? I'd say "yes". I've switched to DDG as my primary search engine, and I'd say they return a good result about 80-90% of the time. They're definitely not as good as Google, but you can always add "g!" to redirect to Google results. I'd say their best selling point is their focus on privacy, but oddly they don't seem to be touting it very loudly or trying to make hay from the recent NSA revelations. Photosynth collages can be created by stitching together a lot of disparate photos. So you can have a 3D, interactive representation of, say, Trafalgar Square, created from photos available on Flickr. Glad to see they're still working on this. I remember seeing a demo of this some years back and being really impressed. A nice reminder that Microsoft really does have some great engineering talent and they can break new ground. Are you really claiming that creating a fake facebook account is "abuse"? To me, "abuse" is a term with pretty strong connotations, and in some cases legal ramifications (e.g. "Computer Fraud and Abuse Act"). We're living in an environment where "exceeding authorized access" (whatever that means) carries the potential for decades-long prison sentences. If I think about how we use that word in other contexts: "spousal abuse", "drug abuse", "sexual abuse", I find it quite a stretch to apply the same term to giving a bogus email address to a marketing firm. They were also ahead of the curve with tablets. Bill Gates demoed a tablet in 2000: http://news.cnet.com/2100-1001-248474.html Surely it must be possible to have economic development in poor countries without sweatshop-level exploitation. That's true, but just because something happened a certain way in the past, doesn't mean it's absolutely necessary it proceed that way in the future. As an industry, the technology sector prides itself on innovative thinking and using new approaches to solve old problems in a better way. It doesn't seem like economic development should be a path-dependent process. It saddens me to see people shrugging off human misery as though it's required by some ironclad law of economics. Instead, we should devote serious effort to figuring out how to get from "poor, subsistence farming" to "developed economy" without the "child labor and sweatshops" step. Rawanda is already trying to make that leap: http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-11/04/paul-kagame-e... Rawanda is trying to do something like that: http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-11/04/paul-kagame-e... They're attempting to bypass the heavy-industry stage of development, and go straight to being a knowledge/service economy. The jury is still very much out on that effort, but it's certainly worth a shot. He didn't ask people to make up a name for it, he wrote, "anyone care to find a name for the city?" As in, can somebody do the research to find out what the city is called--by the people who live there. Elsewhere I gave the example of Rwanda attempting to do this: http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2013-11/04/paul-kagame-e... > Colleges are investigated all the time for outright bribing promising students. I think you mean "promising athletes". I guarantee colleges do not care how these young people perform as students. The risk is only not-high for people who have a decent safety net to fall back on (spouse, parents, or savings) and/or low obligations (i.e. your children won't go hungry if your startup busts) That's not to disagree with your overall point--yes, you won't LITERALLY DIE--but relatively few people have the luxury to keep swinging and missing in the hopes of getting a hit. > It's also a leaky abstraction. I'm not sure what word you meant here, but driving isn't an abstraction. It's a physical activity that occurs in the real world. It's not a simplified representation of anything else. If you die in your car, you die in real life too. You can prepend g! to your DDG searches if the native results are insufficient. I don't want "personalized" search results. I don't want Google's algorithms second-guessing what I searched for. If I want current news, I'll read the BBC. If I want a stack overflow result, I'll do a search on SO. I thought the theory was that the target hack was targeted at POS card-readers, not recovering numbers after the fact from a database. > incidentally is capped at a fairly low $128,000 Maybe they don't have data for people making more than that? There are relatively few people with incomes that high, and their time is probably valuable enough that they're disinclined to waste it filling out happiness inventories. I'm kind of uncomfortable with the degree of hagiography surrounding Aaron Swartz these days. Maybe Dr. Vardhan is himself politically controversial for some reason? Or maybe it's considered "political" to give credit to one single doctor, when there were others spearheading the initiative as well? > How I can make it go viral? You can't. They're all vaccinated now. ;) Maybe. But it's not just about Taiwan. If the US is publicly seen to be abandoning an ally like Taiwan, what message does that send to the rest of the world? How will that play in Tokyo or Seoul? Or hell, in London or Jerusalem? If the US does go to war over Taiwan, it will be to maintain its credibility with international allies. There wouldn't be food shortages. The US in a net exporter of foodstuffs, and produces about 50% of the world's grain. I agree that the US people are mostly not interested in being an empire, and massive economic disruption plus high casualties would mean a very very unpopular war. The US is on track to be the world's largest oil producer this year[1] and it has an outstanding freight rail system for moving bulk goods like corn or wheat. Don't get me wrong, a US-China war would be absolutely catastrophic in both humanitarian and economic terms, but the average US citizen wasn't exactly starving even during WWII. Unless the war seriously damaged domestic infrastructure, (which it very well could) people would get by with ration coupons and price controls. [1] http://www.fool.com/investing/general/2014/01/12/will-the-un... I don't think Maxis even exists as separate entity anymore. Aren't they just a small division within EA now? EA kept the brand name because Maxis used to be good, but it doesn't mean anything today. http://xkcd.com/1309/ Please don't. Most people riding commuter trains just want to be left in peace. Developing social skills is absolutely a valuable thing, but it's not fair to make innocents on the train be your tutors. Practice social skills with co-workers, at networking events, or in shared-interest groups (join a book club, an outdoors society, etc.) > monitor units of the Chinese and Russian armies Isn't this what they're supposed to be doing? I don't really have a problem with intelligence gathering against non-allied nation state actors. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cryMVK1PwuQ > Plus it is easy to wander around or pretend to exit on the next stop in case the situation gets too awkward. Again, I'm sorry, but I really think this is a bad idea. You're talking about making somebody to get up and move seats or cars to avoid you? > chances are super small to meet these people again. Except not if it's a commuter train. If you ride the same train at the same time, you're likely to see mostly the same people going to and from work. Yeah, I agree they shouldn't be tapping Angela Merkel's phone calls, and they shouldn't be using the national security apparatus to try to gain an advantage in EU trade negotiations or what have you. But you better believe Russia, China, Iran, etc. are actively hacking (or attempting to hack) US assets. And yes, I think this story is way too positive toward the NSA. The NYT is part of the mainstream establishment and generally kowtows to Washington. > I don't understand this defense of the NSA, no, its not what they are supposed to be doing. At least not anymore. What are they supposed to be doing, then? Should the US just not have any spy agencies? Should it shift away from signals intelligence and focus on human intelligence like Israel does? I'm sure they don't focus solely on human intelligence, but the stereotype (perhaps outdated) is that the US is great at signals intelligence, and crappy at human intelligence, and that the inverse is true of Israel. Reliable sources are hard to come by (for obvious reasons), but just as an example, see: http://www.nytimes.com/2012/03/18/world/middleeast/iran-inte... > For its spying efforts, Israel relies in part on an Iranian exile group that is labeled a terrorist organization by the United States, the Mujahedeen Khalq, or M.E.K., which is based in Iraq. The Israelis have also developed close ties in the semiautonomous region of Kurdistan in northern Iraq, and they are believed to use Kurdish agents who can move back and forth across the border into Iran. vs. > While the National Security Agency eavesdrops on telephone conversations of Iranian officials and conducts other forms of electronic surveillance, the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency analyzes radar imagery and digital images of nuclear sites. Outside analysts believe high-tech drones prowl overhead; one came down late last year deep inside Iranian territory, though American officials said they lost control of it in Afghanistan. > Meanwhile, clandestine ground sensors, which can detect electromagnetic signals or radioactive emissions that could be linked to covert nuclear activity, are placed near suspect Iranian facilities. The United States also relies heavily on information gathered by inspectors with the International Atomic Energy Agency who visit some of Iran’s nuclear-related facilities. > But collecting independent human intelligence — recruiting spies — has been by far the most difficult task for American intelligence. Some operational lapses — and the lack of an embassy as a base of operations ever since the hostage crisis three decades ago — have frequently left the C.I.A. virtually blind on the ground in Iran, according to former intelligence officials. This looks really slick. What happens if a website you're scraping changes its design? Do you respect robots.txt? Yes. William Taft went on to be Chief Justice of the Supreme Court after being President: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/William_Howard_Taft Reportedly, he hated being President and wished he'd never done it, but loved being a judge. > For most people's uses, Linux is a perfectly reasonable and functionally complete alternative to Win7 or XP. As long as they don't watch Netflix. Or play games. Or have any unsupported peripherals. Or want to use any commercial consumer software. Maybe. Doing anything with bitcoin today is a giant pain in the ass. Which is easier? a) Typing in a credit card number + billing address. b) - Signing up for an account at a Bitcoin exchange. - Transferring money to them (by doing a?) - Waiting for them to exchange it. - Transferring it to the recipients' wallet (this one step is kinda-easy, I'll grant) - Hoping the price of bitcoin holds stable-ish so that my bitcoins are still worth something when the recipient converts them back. > A truly free people don't keep secrets. > What the NSA 'should be' is a National Communications Agency, wherein all harmful human activity they observe are communicated - to all and sundry! Openly! Publicly! Without any barrier to delivering full awareness - for all! This is ridiculous hyperbole. There are all kinds of legitimate secrets: trade secrets, private sexual kinks, personal financial or medical records, embarrassing taste in pop songs. I don't understand how you can be angry about privacy violations on the one hand, and arguing for our society being some kind of secretless panopticon on the other. > As a rough guideline, it’s good to stay in roles where you’re close to the doing. Why? It seems to me like the further you are from the doing, the more likely your role is to be prestigious and highly paid. That's not the way the small businesses that use Magento think. They want one, all-singing all-dancing tool that does everything they could ever imagine wanting. And they never want to update it or maintain it or have to think about it. Don't forget they want it to always run perfectly with no downtime on bargain-basement shared hosting. Overloaded database? Don't bother me with your technobabble mumbo-jumbo! It was probably running on Magento. Would it really take four years to do a masters? I thought most masters degrees were one- or two-year programs. Who's responsible for changing the titles on these threads? You've removed the interesting bit: That it's Spotify's ops people putting in their two cents. Note to self: Be sure to insert backdoors any HR algorithms I write... High school teaching also pays miserably in many places. I assume startup founders are like most people: we love to claim credit for what hardcore badasses we are, but we'd prefer it to not actually be hard, thanks. shrug It seems to work for Amazon. All you need is patient investors. Spamming people on Facebook to generate leads for ambulance-chasing lawyers? This sounds super sleazy. I'm glad to hear they shut you down. Congrats on the money, I guess. > females will almost never initiate a flirt sequence themselves POTENTIAL ROMANTIC PARTNER DETECTED FEMALE FLIRT SEQUENCE INITIATED EXCEPTION: HUMAN EMOTION FOUND ABORT, RETRY, FAIL? Are housing prices in San Francisco really so insane that a two-story house is "pompous" and a "palace"? > developing "war robots" Technically, since their acquisition Boston Dynamics, Google is indeed in the business of war robots: http://www.nbcnews.com/technology/google-buys-major-military... Though they've said they're only going to fulfill their existing military contracts, not seek out others. I guess we'll see what happens on that front. > If its wrong to harass the low level worker its wrong to harass any level of worker at their home. If we stipulate that actual harassment is illegal, I don't think the rest of your statement follows. Protesting at the home of a worker without decision-making authority is unlikely to change anything, protesting at the home of a high level executive (hypothetically--you'd never get past their security) could potentially convince them to change the way their company does business. > I personally feel the world is a much better place (certainly Oakland is) with highly skilled employees flushing out the trash. To what or whom does "the trash" refer in your comment? > How is what do confined to an exclusive group of people? At a very basic level, not everyone is smart enough to do what you do. At a more practical level, not everyone has access to a good education, or grew up in a community that encourages education. I know I'll get a bunch of responses like "What access!? Just go on codecademy and teach yourself Javascript!" But good luck teaching web development to a 21 year old who's never been taught how to read properly. > Its hard for me to believe that 80% of Facebook's users will stop using it and go back to no equivalent. Really? Why? Who's to say that "social media" (at least in the sense of a unified platform with a real name) wasn't a fad? Plenty of people are moving to a more fragmented internet life, with personal messages on Snapchat, photos on Pinterest, discussion on Reddit, etc. Facebook definitely seems worried about smartphones. They tried to make their own phone interface, and (despite some good reviews) it was a commercial disaster: http://news.cnet.com/8301-1035_3-57583557-94/heres-why-the-f... Am I the only one that kind of thinks most websites should just be static pages? Like, I get pretty irritated when I go to read a blog post on Medium or wherever and it loads a header and a blank page, and then loads a bunch of javascript (mostly tracking and analytics frameworks), and finally goes out and gets the actual content. And then if I scroll down, it has to load some more garbage from Disqus or something. PLEASE JUST GIVE ME A STATIC PAGE WITH YOUR CONTENT. I really do not care if the comments don't refresh live. If your thesis is that what people really care about is expensive rent, then the first suggestion ('get tech CEOs to push for affordable housing') has at least the potential to actually fix the real problem. If San Francisco didn't have such restrictive zoning, you could build more dense developments, and housing costs would come down. If you wanted to be extra nice, you could even have some set-asides for rent controlled units. > Wouldn't it be nice to see the issues list refresh live when somebody else closes one? Maybe a tiny bit. I guess. Really, I'd just reload the page if I wanted to see recent changes. None of those cities are anywhere close to as expensive as SF/NYC. And part of reason Chicago has "affordable" housing is because vast swaths of the south and west side are dangerous, gang-infested, and neglected by city services. A lot of these people seem to think they should be paid like Wall Street traders. To which I say, "Fine, go be a trader." The median income for Americans over 18 is $24,062[1]. You're correct that tech workers are still workers--they're not part of the ownership class--but they're the lucky workers who are benefiting from the shifts in the economy toward automation/software/knowledge work. [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Personal_income_in_the_United_... Obviously having rent-controlled apartments will increase the price of non-controlled units somewhat. But I certainly don't think that rent-control is the primary driver of high housing costs in SF/NY. Yeah, obviously if they don't have a trendy iOS app and a twitter presence, they couldn't possibly be worth anything! /s Oh thank god! Before this, I had nowhere to post all my brilliant thoughts except medium, blogger, wordpress, posthaven, quora, facebook, google+, livejournal and myspace. Wow, check out the comments on that article. Are we sure this isn't a parody? > Scott Johnson · Managing Director at New Atlantic Ventures > Like the Yankees, and Patriots, Harvard, and Oracle, Siilicon Valley has a swagger that comes from repeated success. So of course there is growing resentment toward the region. Bask in it. The resentment is just admiration manifested as envy. Tesla is definitely a technology company. They're doing innovative things with electric car technology. They're not a software company, or a web startup. Uber, on the other hand, pretends to be a tech company, but in reality is a consumer services firm. Windows XP only runs IE8. No. Figuring out how to post short bits of text on a website is not a difficult technical problem. All of the "hard" problems twitter has solved came later as a result of scaling up to millions of users and hundreds of millions of bits of text. I think you're probably overstating the difference in software quality/challenge/interest factor between Flashy New Startup and Boring Megacorp. Many of the really "hot" startups we see are actually quite boring from a technology standpoint. Snapchat? Uber? Airbnb? They're all variations on a dull web app that sends messages to [mobile] clients. Even at someplace like Square, I'd bet most of the code is cumbersome kludges connecting legacy banking infrastructure with their slick API. Conversely, someplace like Enterprise is probably trying to solve more interesting problems than you might think: How do you balance supply and demand for your fleet across hundreds of locations? How do you optimize maintenance costs? Can you use GPS and in-car diagnostics to monitor cars in the field? I know everyone here likes to imagine that startups are filled with super-genius Stanford CS grads implementing cutting-edge algorithms, but I think that's pretty far from reality. Whether it's a startup or a BigCorp, most of the work is going to be boring LOB applications. Is anyone else kind of rooting for Yahoo? I can't really explain why, because I hate most of the things Yahoo makes: Yahoo Answers, Tumblr, etc. but I guess I can't help cheering for the underdog. "Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public." - H.L. Mencken I think the point is that stupid things can still be popular, and stupid ideas can make for successful businesses. Americans in particular tend to have a purely capitalist viewpoint that equates "profitable" with "good". Hell, the "Pet Rock" sold millions, and I would hope we can all agree that was a stupid idea. > Shop without broders Most public libraries in the US use Adobe's DRM to cover their ebook loans. Yeah, being so broke you don't pay taxes is awesome! Lucky duckies![1] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lucky_Ducky Spam. I think the assumption is that, all else being equal, we would see a roughly 50/50 split between men and women in technology. In some countries (particularly non-Western cultures, but also in some Scandinavian nations) the gender ratios in science and technology are more balanced. Temperature differential should be easy to come by in interstellar space. Noooo! Now how will I learn how babby is formed? Who cares? We'll all be dead by then. New leaks point to the NSA's sinister waiting-for-decades-until-they-die-of-old-age to eliminate its enemies... This used to be called Worse is Better. It's not a new idea: http://dreamsongs.com/RiseOfWorseIsBetter.html > Why is it acceptable to say that effective communication with people depends on being able to think like the person you're talking to, but demand that communication with a far more different and limited machine should never require you to compromise on your preferred thought patterns? Other people are sentient beings with their own personalities, dreams, desires, and attitudes. Recognition of our shared humanity necessitates some level of compromise, respect, and accommodation when dealing with other individuals. In contrast, computers are unfeeling machines. We made them, and within the limits of physics, math, and our own creative powers, we can make them do whatever we wish. Why shouldn't we strive to make them as accommodating as possible? Why shouldn't I try to create a machine that intuitively corrects my mechanical errors to represent the shape of my ideas? Yes. Berkeley in particular was a hotspot of 1960s hippiedom and later hackerdom (there's a reason it's BSD Unix). Read about Stewart Brand: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stewart_Brand He was influential in the hippie counterculture, and later one of the early online communities, The WELL ("Whole Earth 'Lectronic Link"). More here: http://press.uchicago.edu/Misc/Chicago/817415_chap4.html Google is making performance metrics for YouTube public to help people when choosing an ISP (in places where there is a choice): http://www.ntca.org/new-edge/video/google-to-rate-isps-based... > is there a popular asset where the market has "low liquidity and crappy technology"? Yes, real estate. Search engine marketing, for one. That's true, but if say, Microsoft, wanted to, they could clearly create replacements for those services. Now, it's arguable whether an Android phone with Hotmail + Bing Maps integration is even an improvement, but at least it's possible. In China, most Android phones are already sold without Google services: http://www.radiofreemobile.com/android-in-china-no-google-he... You could ask the same question of Google. Clearly, Google thinks there's money in using Android to drive traffic to their services. Blogspam isn't a choice? Because part of what makes humans evolutionary successful is taking (sometimes drastic) steps to ensure the survival of the next generation. Maybe it isn't purely rational, but it's worked pretty well for us as a species. Another good list here: http://www.openculture.com/2013/03/donald_barthelmes_syllabu... > Healthcare for distressed infants is certainly not an example of inelastic demand where people have to pay for it themselves Are you kidding me? If it was a question of saving my child's life, I'd spend every last cent I had and then go sell a kidney. Not all programmers are hackers. Not all hackers are programmers. http://www.catb.org/jargon/html/H/hacker.html I agree with you except for your use of cryptography as an example. In anything dealing with security, unfortunately the nitty-gritty implementation details wind up mattering as much (if not more) than the theoretical portion. Most cases of crypto failing are not examples where the algorithm is flawed (or outdated), but rather where the implementation is weak. Any course on crypto needs to address both algorithms in the abstract and the particularities of how they're implemented in the real world. Interesting theory from the comments: > This is too expensive for a practical joke. It looks more like an legal trick funded my the entertainment industry delegitimize "fair use" in Intellectual Property legislation. They'll probably take this to court, deliberately lose the case, and then leverage this case as a precedent in future lawsuits concerning fair use of music, video, etc. Python is growing in importance in scientific computing, displacing languages like R, MATLAB, and Fortran (yes, Fortran). There's a pretty good chance it will still be in wide use in science in 10-15 years. Ruby is harder to predict. It seems like a lot of the web developers who would have used Rails a few years ago are now opting for server-side javascript, based in node.js. We desperately need real competition in search ads. At this point, I guess that means I'm rooting for Bing. I'm in the US, and I've never seen one. I suspect Chromebooks will go the way of netbooks before them. Oh crap. I like my Nook. The e-ink Nook readers are really nice. They're compatible with more formats than Kindle, and they can be rooted to do fun/interesting things. Python's YAML implementation isn't safe by default. You have to use yaml.safe_load() because the standard load() function can execute arbitrary code. Whenever I read things like this, my immediate reaction is "How do these people have so much money to travel around the world doing nothing-in-particular for two years?" Are there just a lot of really rich people out there? Or am I over-cautious and they're operating without a safety net? Hashtags and banners are only helpful for raising awareness. Phone calls to congresspeople actually can have an impact. Congresspeople keep track of issues that generate a lot of phone calls, and it influences how they vote and what they spend their time on. Congressional staffers answer the phones and keep a tally of issues that have generated phone calls from constituents. > The downside to failure is exceptionally low. It's all other people's money (at least in Silicon Valley); Wall Street is all playing middleman with other peoples' money too. > secure life making a few hundred thousand dollars a year in an essentially mind-numbing profession that does little for humanity is unthinkably depressing. You realize Wall Street bankers make a few million dollars a year doing mind-numbing work that does little for humanity, right? I agree with this. Until you can sue software developers for malpractice, they're not professionals. Eh, I routinely see descriptions like "Kickass Rockstar JS Hacker-Ninja" (only slightly exaggerated), and titles like "_______ Guru" I do tend to reflexively discount those people. This seems like some wonky hack where you're running a Windows VM on a remote server and sending the GUI back to the Chromebook. Is there any real reason you couldn't just install Windows on Chromebook hardware? Do they lock the bootloader? They could run Windows RT /s > not in the naive way often encountered in the Bay Area these days. Really? Because reading this, he comes across as the epitome of naivete. Are people really this clueless about how to interact with cops? FTR: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8z7NC5sgik > Note to self: don't pitch to cops at scene of accident. B-b-but I feel it’s a way to make the world around me better, to bring people joy through better food! It's interesting he doesn't mention that at least one significant factor against Upstart (from the perspective of Debian) was the Canonical Contributor License Agreement. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CUOAUQJ-y00&t=42m15s Something's going to have to give. If we don't plan for a peaceful transition, it will happen without planning, in a not-so-peaceful way. We need to start thinking about basic income sooner rather than later: http://www.bostonglobe.com/ideas/2014/02/09/should-governmen... Some people talk about "Guaranteed Minimum Income" as a conditional income guarantee, as opposed to an unconditional "Basic Income" I don't feel strongly (either approach would be an improvement over the status quo), but I suppose I mildly agree with you. I think human beings need to have some Work to feel like their lives have meaning. Even if we made GMI conditional on 10 hours a week of charity volunteering, that could have positive mental health outcomes. There is: Release a piece of software that runs locally. There's no reason document-organizing software needs to be in "the cloud". One major reason SaaS is so popular is people can't figure out how to write programs worth paying for. If you wrap it up in some vague notion of a "service", customers assume they're getting some kind of ongoing value. In the United States, Oregon and New Jersey also require an attendant pump gas for you. Supposedly gas stations have lower insurance premiums as a result. In our hypothetical scenario, it's not "mandatory"--it's freely available. If you already have some other highly paid job, great. If not, there's always the option of doing the volunteer work in exchange for the minimum income from the government. There would probably also need to be some kind of exemption for people with physical or mental disabilities. See my response to the other child comment, this wouldn't be a mandatory scheme. But in any case, compulsory community service as an alternative to jail time has shown promising results: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-10725163 Like I said, I'm not really invested in basic income vs guaranteed minimum income. You could have a volunteer work "requirement" that was only enforced by social convention. If it was seen as dishonest/lazy to take the income without giving back to your community in any way, that would probably spur some social good without the inefficiency of a heavy-handed enforcement mechanism. I find this attitude really obnoxious. "Oh my little darling might be the next great _______!" Why don't you go do that? Having kids is a just a way of kicking the can down the road. > So if Market is 105k, and I'm going to pay 55k, I will give you 50k in equity Is that 50k in equity every year? Because otherwise, this seems like a terrible deal. Why would any engineer take an offer like that? http://www.amazon.com/Trillionaire-Next-Door-Investors-Tradi... To be fair, Pax Dickinson really is a giant, bigoted asshole. I guess that makes sense. It still seems like buying an (expensive) lotto ticket. Unless the company was doing something uniquely exciting, it doesn't seem attractive to me. Is that because SMS costs a fortune in Europe? As an American with unlimited SMS/MMS, I don't see the point of WhatsApp at all. I guess maybe if I wanted to send a text to somebody in Europe. Seems like carriers or device manufacturers could easily undercut them by offering the same service, but preinstalled. I guess Apple already does, with iMessage. If only they weren't so blindly stubborn about interoperability. Maybe it isn't communicating with Google servers in real-time, but I'd be shocked if Google wasn't uploading all the data gathered after the fact. > Until a device is actually released that requires you to upload all data No, no, it won't be required ... it will just be on by default, and the opt-out will be buried in a submenu hidden under the "Advanced Developer Options" section. > The closest analog would be the Android camera I disagree. The closest analog is the Google location services, which continuously uploads data about your position and local wifi networks to Google, and is not very transparent about what it's doing: http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2384751,00.asp This is the key point. The wealthiest people on Wall Street are glorified middlemen gambling with somebody else's money and skimming cream off the top. "The difference is that the world diamond market is largely controlled by a single private enterprise, the South Africa-based De Beers cartel. The geniuses behind De Beers recognized early on that a stable, profitable diamond industry depended on controlling both supply and demand. De Beers rarely discovers new sources of diamonds; rather, it focuses on controlling existing ones, limiting production, and if necessary buying up surplus gems and stockpiling them to prop up the market. It sets prices arbitrarily and cuts off supplies to dealers who buy through unauthorized channels. On the marketing side, De Beers hired advertising firms, starting with N.W. Ayer in the late 1930s, to render axiomatic the idea that diamonds = true love." http://www.straightdope.com/columns/read/2524/is-a-diamonds-... http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-rise-and-fall-of-diamond... > I feel like Google is only doing these things to collect data about me. They are. Selling ads is basically the only way Google makes money. It'd be nice if they at least offered the option to pay $X/year to use Google services without tracking. But I think that would be unlikely, because it would highlight the value of the data many people give away freely. Its an Atom processor? Does that mean it can run any x86 OS? Hey, everything2! Nice to see them on HN. I think maybe I'm finally ready... http://everything2.com/title/I+think+I%2527m+finally+ready+f...