I don't know about Russians, but Shift-JIS/cp932 is still popular in Japan as if Windows never supported UTF-8, so perhaps something similar is happening there. Not sure what the materialization of that suspicion might look like -- competitors trying to crush DO's business? mass account creation or mass fraudulent logins? "mining crypto"? What I could come up felt quote-unquote legit grounds for a timed suspension but only instinctively so. > why do they think people will buy this? Extra salt to wound: and what kind of profit/revenue/result is it going to generate other than the fact that it consumes power? The more I look back at the maker movement, the more it looks a structurally self extinguishing fire. You need gaze tracking when you've got more than 2 displays. When your consciousness thinks the pointer arrow is around the content you intend to interact and your eyesight can't pick it up because it is actually 1920px away to your side it starts to feel confusing than just frustrating. Can’t recall a CPU socket that isn’t lever locked ZIF since Coppermine... You get $9 for hypothetical blood splattered on your hand or you get worse than nothing for nothing That controversial new English subs seemed much more accurate to me than the old baseline, though I can’t speak for Italian dub . After all it’s about a language that up until the last century “being rather unhateful” meant a girl’s stuck to a guy like a magnet, so... I believe they don't? The most basic types of pagers are receive only device just like a FM radio is. The network is supposed to be sufficiently loud and clear and practical, and that's it. I wonder if we will be to trust Mitsubishi designed wing root components should they fly. "building software from scratch" as in `make clean && make` rather than F5 or Shift+F12, not as in "cat > a.out" "Does not have any known safety issues" sounds like bit of a stretch, every airplane models has few safety issues at least. Issues range from faulty windshield wiper motors(I just checked and there is such one for 738), to "may spontaneously explode and kill everyone in and out". The problem is whether the prevalence and/or severity of issues are under control or not. Thanks to NHTSA being mean Comma is more or less or fore-er running(than Tesla they say...yeah okay?) so There’s the self driving code and native layers that runs on a bog standard Android phone, then an Arduino like microcontroller handles interfacing which is more or less realtime. Malformed, illegal or out of range commands would be trimmed out if occurs. They also has a narrower than commonly used limits and that is reportedly insufficient for tighter curves on some highways but are done so in good faith I guess. Why is it dangerous? Self driving software instances costs a lot to develop but nothing to manufacture, and the cost cannot be used as an indicator of its safety or sophistication, at all. Yes and yes, but the alternative is you never enjoy self driving and the potential it has to reduce fatalities for the rest of your life. It’s a trolley problem, this thing WILL KILL, the question is how more/less often compared to humans. They do entertaining things as long as you are comfortably more than ten feet from the end where freedom is expelled at supersonic speeds though, like, from buying Titanium sheets from communists to build the fastest airplanes to spy communists, to letting own psycos spike unsuspecting grad school elites to experimentally manufacture terrorists “LEO” is vague, 100km lasts months and 500km could be decades but both called LEO. Yeah, everyone has a moment when they notice a wrong umbrella in their hand. Could happen immediately upon pickup or could happen later. From there your view branches into the direction of either communal property idea or an internal shame/rage/regrets. So far I consider mine a personal property. I happened to study the process few days ago. Officer pulled out an elaborate form, asked the guy if he wants his copy, wants rights to the item if owner didn’t show up, to which he said no and no, and then he was asked to sign the blank and was told him they take care of the rest. Took 5-10 mins max. Technically no one should ever sign a blank sheet, ever, but that could be done, I guess. Ones that do USB-PD which allows other voltages than 5V What if: SEO consultants aren’t gaming system, but the search and web is being optimized for “measurable immediate economic impact” that is ad revenue at this moment — due to web itself being in-monetizable and unable to generate value. I don’t like the whole concept of SEO, I don’t like the way the web is today, but I think we should stop and think before resorting to “immoral few is destroying things, we unfuck it reclaim what we deserve” type simplification. WD: this comment Seagate: ST3000DM001 Another reason to stick to Toshiba or ex-HGST(if and when available) Or you could root target’s Intel ME or AMD PSP if you know what the NSA codename(BYEMAN or ECHELON or the likes) for those are. They cared not to be evil back then. Now they say they do the right thing, and “right” is subjective. Big consumer techs offer experience, not products. The joyous Windows Experience of office work a la Job Simulator. Modulated carriers are rarely directly synthesized by logic circuitries, even with phased arrays. You tap off a “white light source” of correct wavelength just like you do with LCD. TX/RX rates are thus independent to the carrier frequency. Only local oscillator must to be able to be configured to the correct carrier frequency. There’s no technical guarantee of such a threshold though Also: there is really no central, balanced standard for justice/justness scale, but only an illusion of it(probably generated through said cohesion). I learned it being an non-American with some English literacy on internet, and am being reminded of it every week. Justice and/or “being nice” perceived scale is just an AI model of events around you that one uses to predict certain outcomes, and most of logic you see in it are purely coincidental correlations to aid in footprint reduction. I’m personally more interested in societal impacts to it. YouTube is an impactful media, and it is moderated by personal judgements of, low paid, unqualified “moderators”, who may or may not have PTSD warping judgements or has political or religious inclinations. I remember there was a news story of a Facebook moderator whose PTSD caused them to flag a legitimate family photo as a child pornography. I don’t think there is any other interpretation to it than that repeated exposure to images to flag will lead to the standards within the moderator to rise towards infinity sooner or later, beyond logic. This is a slow fire burning the library of Alexandria that is the Internet, because everything WILL be labeled as “hateful offensive violent pornography” or something, past which point only static noises remain. This needs to stop. We know how to wire FETs, we know this is an i5 and is fast, we also know how to solder thick wires or how to loosen large screws, but no one knows how to build even a Z80 out of some germanium is how neuroscience is understood in my understanding An FBI tracker under your car is not a privileged part of your car ESP8266 is not free, not secure, but open and fully usable(if used in its originally intended purpose) I believe modern cell standards use either NAVSTAR or base station broadcasts to synchronize time slots, adjust beam forming parameters, arrange call tower handovers and such to provide Tokyo or New York or Delhi relevant density capability, and thus GPS functionality is a requirement, apart from convenience of whether it’s available to userland runs in application processor. Virtual UART drivers for every phone since 3G HSDPA creates GPS NMEA ports on your PC and it spits it garbage when it feels like doing. > The LTE modem on the PinePhone is a ‘black box’, and runs its own Linux system internally. First mention of Linux I’ve seen wrt modem firmware. Interesting! Because it’s mentally easier to vote and move on than read TFA and discover items to rage on Preventative measures do not need to be just right so that number is no measurement of severity The original XTRAs system was like: X: portable for Japanese(B5, 12”) T: portable for American/European(A4, 14”) R: office typewriter for secretaries(A4, 15”) A: office computer for bosses(A4, 15”) s: experimental ultraportable Post-Lenovo acquisition system is: X1xx: junks for kids X1C : MacBook killer for China(14”) X2 : stretched office typewriters for Japanese(12” wide) T : Proper American Portable™️(14”) R: Still office typewriters A: X2 but uses AMD CPU W: the most best ones that you order only by accident Yoga: ones that flips fragile keyboard exposing 11, 13, Flex, Helix, Tablet, whateverett: experimentals The only ones you’d care are X1C, X200, or T400 depending on your region, religion and body size. Not going to solve your problem but... Same goddamn molex... Please, no... I'm sure Molex today has far better designs with much lower insertion force. There should be no reason to stick to old stiff molex. I guess SSDs are less sensitive to environments Shucked drives aren’t necessarily cheap, bare drives are always cheaper in my country Is it ranked from middle to top & bottom? Because both ends looks weak NVMe is always electrically PCIe and always M.2 or PCIe card form factor for PC users. If it’s 2.5” it’s 100% SATA. If it’s M.2 then 50:50. Idk but what I’ve heard is anecdotal small files I/O and boot time speed up stories so webdevs might appreciate it on next builds. The premium is dropping fast anyway. No, not US specific. I see some of sellers in my country includes stickers or keychains just to change ASIN. One aspect is that not everything has counterfeit counterparts, e.g. there is no counter-counterfeit to, specific counterfeits, products that require exotic parts, or foods. I’ve never seen a 4-cell(Lipo) knockoff battery for Lenovo X200 and I know the reason is because it is not easily possible to source appropriate components. So there could be specific usage model for Amazon of a person that could completely avoid receiving unexpected items. So like IPSec? e: I mean that doesn’t suck Can’t they create a virtual webcam device somehow What I should have said is that one is discouragement while the other is encouragement, and that encouraged events tends to lead to more controversial/conflicting situations... NVR700W, IX2106 or 892J (jk, interested in global options as well) I think there are cost aspects to it; athletes gets broken bone all the times without grave QoL consequences after full recoveries, doesn’t mean it’s free of charge or it’s okay normal thing. Every commercial network is a public network in a sense Isn’t coronavirus itself a kind of common cold? I’ve heard that “the common cold” is actually a few completely different infections that isn’t worth strictly classifying for the most, and that coronavirus is one of them. If so, this is “a common cold” except maybe death rates are statistically higher. Economy being a zero-sum game is a layman’s approximation, and not the reality, at all. Merely supposed to be that way in the days of gold standards. I think the most of those games attract only developer type people of past generations. I find newer games less addictive which is not the case IRL. Why not just lang:ja I’ve heard something like the following: “Any sufficiently useful AI research is considered a field of its own not relevant to AI, and, thus, the term AI and worthless research stays synonymous” e.g. keyboard autocorrect, travel route finders, web search. Maybe internet needs to learn how to paint politicians bringing up child porn regulation as molesters Let’s call that LaForge engineering(or Spock if you’re TOS person) Somewhere in my junk parts bin is such a PCI card I bought out of a junk bin at Akihabara, that has Mitsubishi logo clearly printed with archaic construction overall, apparently marketed by NEC somehow, which product brochure page disappeared after I mentioned it on Twitter, Had a pair of blown AA battery for self destruction. I never bothered to get it working, but IIRC it was supposed to detect removal from PCI slot(the proper) to self erase. So it’s not rare or difficult. Scotty or even McCoy might be a better fit, but having seen not enough TOS, my impression is Spock is enough prominent in out-technobabbling his captain in this context Unfortunately, in today’s App environment, no company = no signed binary = no relevance anywhere whatsoever. NVMe is somehow better in random access performance. Also ThinkPads before X240 has no space to accommodate M.2/NVMe as those machines predates the standard. Personally I wish(ed) if there were 2.5” shaped GPU than SSD though Is there any use to servo based arms other than to let students discover the word “IK” Were allergies 25% more popular before introduction of said vaccine or is it that infections play roles in healthy development of an infant? 8P8C/RJ45 is such a massive ongoing mistake You can but not on your lap Those older ThinkPads predate M.2 standard and since M.2 is longer than mSATA/mPCIe they simply don’t fit in case they needed a PCIe based storage. Hopefully it won’t grow into eTLA acronym. A microcode update is a binary blob loaded to CPU on boot. Modern Intel CPUs itself are sort of a runtime environment that has its language and program RAM. By placing said blob onto BIOS(UEFI firmware) ROM, CPU can find it, fetch it and load onto internal mini-RAM during power-up. The structure of BIOS/firmware ROM differs among board manufacturers and it cannot reliably be altered from Windows by Microsoft(its all the same in actuality though). Thus the microcode update blob must be integrated into and installed by manufacturer or as per their instructions. Personally I don’t care. I only care about speed. I want the latest AGESA, but I opt Meltdown patches be left off. Is it more important to actually stop bots or to deter kiddies by showing them captchas? Yeah and that’s a way to get some sentences. IIRC cell towers generate temporary phone numbers and session IDs so a person in distress may use even sketchy phones without SIM or legit serial numbers to make a call for help. Isn’t it wryly hilarious that lots of CP clauses in laws, terms and agreements are used like some sort of one harmless OS bundled app, that every vuln PoC take advantages of in demos, completely irrelevant to the intended benefits of the ‘app’? Like, hey, this type of content is less compatible with ads. Means sudo mark it CP. We don’t like this person have publicity here. Means hey mister CP. Everyone’s only interested in CP and it’s disgusting and we gets to decide what’s CP, so what’s CP stands for? CP means CP of course! So how do you define it? Instead of the central bank issuing new digital token(the ones you can’t touch), they can print a physical dollar bills(one you can touch) in markets. These bill will live on credit card payment networks and you are semi free to do with them as you wish. Fiat currency as it is is already virtual enough. There’s no need to have blockchain involved. What Bitcoin provided solution for is initial coin distribution problem, which its answer was mining rewards, and very little else. > The VIA Nano Isaiah core design, built by Centaur, would serve as the architecture for Zhaoxin's first CPUs. Even NSA has mobile pages these days!? And japanese looks six anyway by the way. There used to be a lot 5+ years ago. Abstract doesn’t say if mice wore the mask or were exposed to air filtered by this mask Also those joke RFCs are too thorough to the point they all work and that could strengthen impression that RFCs are “official” Loud is subjective. A friend of mine recently asked if my PC is okay in a very worried tone, I said that’s how I build a PC and he now makes remarks of his annoyance every time the afterburner kicks in, all while it’s just a cruise flight to me. Ryzen 1st-gen had the segfault issue, RNG issue, voltage/clock related ones and few more. RX480 and 580 were exact same chips, only the latter was mature manufacturing wise and had completely different firmware resulting in a superior performance. It’s true that AMD products has yield(as anyone else) as well as parameter tuning/compatibility issues especially early on. I don’t think their issues are of reliability kinds(like early failure in industrial Intel Atom) though. 1st gen Ryzen had some suboptimal values in some very internal parameter that caused incorrect DRAM reads affecting all OS. They accepted warranty claims and later released BIOS updates. I doubt ECC would help prevent it(other than maybe by being slower?) > Thus if you instead lay that teardrop so the bottom is flat The thing is, both sides of a wing are defined by some nonlinear polynomials, and aft edges are sharp. Machinists don’t/can’t use such surfaces for any reference purposes so centerline can’t be there. How haven’t PWA disappoint you Luckily 1/3rd-ish of those are happening over HTTP(S) over IP on PC. Primary means not rechargeable. Secondary is rechargeable. UX wise it’s also n-gram with n>2 and only works well with Indo-European languages. I think they’re selecting target demographic to do this, because for e.g. Japanese it means having Twitter account associated with their real names means they’ll be laughed at from everyone close to(maybe 25% literal) death. Same for follow suggestions based on IP. As for manually forcing a particular signed binary for a specific device, the “Have disk...” or “manually select from” route still works without that developer mode nonsense. That had been my excuse for ignoring my own problems for years so I’d add: If you think you’re insane but also thinking it could be self-mis-diagnosis, no, you are not sane. There is no such inherent contradiction in an ability for a logical system to detect its own anomaly were you one. If it had been a false positive, the fact that a false positive is occurring itself is an anomaly, and an issue. Some 80% or so of worlds’ problems are human interfacing problems than mathematical-engineering challenges, and its best to exploit native ability to handle it that we all received when born. Does it matter if it’s a failed or successful launch? Successful launches are more energetic but 80% in mass of rocket usually are thrown into atmosphere, ocean and space, 70% of which being fuel, and 1/3 being upper stage gear that contains all the toxicity and that often reaches orbital velocity. So a failed launch merely means the minuscule amount of hypertoxic upper stage component(the kind that found in Finnish mushrooms) adds into booster mass already destined for disposal. Now, SpaceX does recover some of their hardware, but they still burn and disperse all the mass into atmosphere so there is not really a fundamental difference. It’s marketing and economy. Means it’s free if you build a all-Aluminum rocket and fill it with alcohol? I can’t cite it but wasn’t there some requirement coming from music industry back in 2010s to remove all analog outputs from devices? Partly as a reminder to self: how hard could it be to build a noise cancelling/phased array setup for streaming? I remember it was called “the analog hole” that enables piracy, that was going to be closed by a future date, back somewhere between 2005-2015. Actually they've already found out that streaming and subscription slaughters piracy unlike stringent regulations which promotes illegal activities Are the game encrypted or signed? > The difficult part is actually indexing all file names okay, ... > and their string contents on the system ... why would you even do that? ls-lR.gz works. And that’s exactly what people wants 80% of time. CD is way overrated. Terrible, even. Like, if you compare film to digital photography, but film was represented by ISO160 monochromatic Kodak, and all the digital photographic technology was represented by a 640x480 prototype camera from 2001, instead of a RED or even a yesteryear phone, then it’ll be immediately obvious that analog far outperforms digital full stop. That’s how vinyl remains “superior”. CD is terrible, not digital quantization playback in general, but because it represents “digital” somehow anyway, analog wins. In defense of vinyl, real good vinyl setup sounds just like CD, only better. (said this in another tree but: my understanding is CD sucks among digital formats , not necessarily vinyl rocks.) I’ve heard it’s a substitute solution for billing address textbox for that interface That’s not an excuse for shitty experience, that’s materials cost/part performance justification. Think first-gen iPhone: by now it’s worse in performance compared to better infotainment, but infotainment still sucks. Windows Phone 7 was ecstatically phenomenal though, despite being CE based. You could do dual socket on Socket370, don’t know about quads though Quarts watches use 32.768kHz(1/2 * 65536 Hz) crystal, means its output through binary counters easily produce clocks at base 10 fractions of seconds. That could be then fed to decoders to LCD, so no need for uC. Well, at very least, Compact Disc is a 1980 standard... not like 20 years old, more like 40 years old. I don't understand why statement like above is met with a response like yours. It's a shitty '80s format that beat vinyl in affordability, why defend it as if CD is the pinnacle of digital recording technology? It is not, never was. Just say yeah CD sucks you gotta try DSD, and move on. Anecdotal but I feel some sort of acoustic 'odor' to CD, that no other digital formats have: CD rips and even CD-DSD conversion has distinct tone that tells the data had been on a disc. Something's wrong with the standard and/or its mastering. Did you know: Nyquist sampling theorem assumes, and only applies to, pure sine waves. Apparently this is a novice level knowledge in DSP community at StackExchange: https://dsp.stackexchange.com/questions/45032/suitable-sampl... Nokia decided to never adopt Android ever and that decision started the whole collapse, I think. They chose to maximize diversity of investment, while opposing widespread use of free beer software, that is Android as perhaps they perceived. That combined with Microsoft’s chronic inability to launch and stabilize new platform led to burnt ash of Microsoft Mobile. Had Nokia adopted Android and had Google allowed them to maintain MeeGo, a MeeGo/Android/S60/Series40 train of platforms could have worked at least for a while. They did, and the company exploded in their hands. The shockwave lasted 2-3 milli-millennium, and was observed as far away as Seoul from Finland, but not Tokyo. I’m not sure if I’ve seen that, but now that I’m grown up, those statements look defensive. He ridicules the price first, then later on says “it may sell very well, (pause) or not,”. What’s being said is “it’s a problem if it sells”, and the most fundamental reason he gave that it might not is the price, not, say, lack of Apple’s expertise in the field or perceived clunkiness of it. They seem competent to me at preventing disastrous mishaps and making discoveries past Moon/Mars colonizations Probably something like “offset printing retro” would work... Human diversity disallows even good-bad scale to align or converge well...there must be their secret sauce somewhere. Standards for “good things” eventually branches into factions with conflicting axes or criteria. Arbitrarily set and static point of reference can solve it e.g. a bible or a well though out system. I don’t think the former is the CostCo’s thing so I’m wondering what would be. > but my experience has been it gets taken advantage of pretty quickly if you don't ... If it’s like a Japanese word, pronounced “Sheeo Hara” without space. Literal meaning would be “salt flats” but this pronunciation implies a surname (like “McNamara” do) Test clips won’t work with it? Indeed, they always had that Intelligent Systems Co. within their HQ campus, as if engineering jobs needs to be “elsewhere”. Corporates always destroy gears to protect IP, so scarcity for failed gears is definitely skyrocketing as we speak. Spinning up a mini computer in the basement was a good stupid nerd hobby a decade ago, but I can’t see the same happening with retired AWS or GCP servers, now or in a decade. One thing I wasn't aware as a nerdy teenager was how everything is valued IRL in its guaranteed minimum performance, not conditional maxima. No one is interested in your peak performance, all it matters is consistency, predictability, stability, those robustness metrics. Say interview questions kinda sucks, but you show some competency still, means predictable most of what they have to throw at you will at least partially stick, minimizing factors. You could argue that a workplace that prefers a trait like that doesn't sound like a place for artists' dream place we all desire, but more towards a "software manufacturing factory" envisioned by electric companies like Hitachi in the '80s, if you do I think maybe it is and maybe they were right to a certain extent. Can’t you apply a minuscule power and watch out for overcurrent? It pays to be user hostile. Draws in fresh blood. Keeps diversity high. Customer satisfaction is a metric, not a goal. I think that’s the reality. I mean, some sort of non-super-conducting MRI analogue device that the patient will have to go through. Well, 3D printers does far better with quality parts, dry PLA and in expert hands, and thus people are stupid, except it works so they are not. WaveShare supplied code only allows full resolution full refresh with half tones and everything. IIRC someone figured how to expedite it but that someone had to. Not a cap, but a resistor-shaped fuse for controller bus power line. I’m guessing there’s something in the DC’s design that cause spikes on said line that fry it, like that archaic main power switch. > at 60Hz I can type at full speed There — there it is suggested that laggy console may slow down the entire main loop of our consciousness. Interesting! I remember many OS had "mouse button handedness: right/left" option in the 90s while there never were "left handed keyboard" in the history. X13? XTRA line started from X20/T20/A20m/R30. Before that was 3 digit like 600E or iSeries 4 digit like i1420. Doesn’t look like there’s so much room in that number scheme. Unit 731 is human experimentation, the ship is just gross political incompetence. To this and one above comment, just to clarify to other readers -- USB-C is a connector, can be 2.0 or 3.0 or 4.0, visually identical. There are USB-C cables with only 2.0 support and so on, in fact popular for people who just want to charge their devices. Hashimoto Gaku, Ministry of Health Vice Minister, has since objected to that account on Twitter[1] -- with a picture of what seems to be supposed to be a decontamination hall or a hall used as a hallway, with two parallel entry and exit marked as "decontaminated route" and "contaminated route", separated by barriers, guess what barriers, fucking queue barriers. Checkout line ropes. Classy ones, yeah. Coronavirus are respectable beings, you know. After questions as to whether this is a novel method of self-whistleblowing started to mound up, Vice Minister deleted the picture. https://www.itmedia.co.jp/news/articles/2002/20/news123.html Simply because it has been a control theory challenge. Weight on the wheels change, frictions change and drivers are expected to stop the train within inches on average, and a feet at worst. That requires some R&D to implement. Yurikamome trams in Tokyo runs in L4-L5 and Tsukuba Express runs in L2, in SDC levels term. There was also a L4 PoC in Yamanote line so that’ll probably come by the end of this decade. Elevators had been L4 for like half a century as well, by the way. I believe many unions of film-making workers demands its members’ names to be always followed by the group’s names zero exceptions, to protect itself and their rights. Show businesses was/is one of industries that unions worked. Yeah, bare IRC is like sliced bread without butter but everyone has an oven and some butter in their kitchen, whereas Discord is a glazed donut. Surely a donut tastes better bare. Not good for your heart as well. Now that most people don’t have a kitchen it seems like a problem to me as well. For fission reactors that is not the case, a fission core can be as small as few liters in volume without losing power, but are artificially kept to less dense forms, such that runaway supercritical events(intended or not) can only result in Fukushima and not a Nagasaki. That might be different for this fusion device, but for outdated looking fission reactors it’s artificial dilution for NPT purposes and by no way a technological limitation. Value Discord had over Slack was single account rather than per-instance in Slack(you register a new account over and over for each project admin you work with with Slack), and one fact people be skeptical of competitor is "friction" as discussed here of account creation. Identity is also a problem for lots of Twitter users who rely online identities to it because Twitter the company loves to destructively refresh userbases. So for civil rights perspective there should be single account database, THE Civil Registry of Internet that let you tie, link-unlink, manage accounts. A face-book in modern term but not necessarily in your real name or for always fully disclosing your genitals. What OAuth realized for a brief moment. One of the oldest core function of a nation, and we need it. Well that used to be my billionaire dream idea for this quarter and there it goes... Well a 'dead' SIM in an LTE Android phone with 4G pictograms means a few things, e.g. the phone hardware is okay,... ... and SIM has valid certs, GPS time is synced to few split seconds, your eNB tower-your Uu up/down freqs, timeslots are assigned and mutual auth is passed, cyphering(can you believe it? "encryption" and "cryptography" are apparently deliberate word choice to light up normies, "they" proper say "cipher") is set up, HSS(heard those are Oracle DB) through MME is accepting your IMEI + IMSI + credentials, HLR has your location, VLR has you mapped to operator's home EPC if you're roaming, your IP address is assigned(LTE is all IP), PCRF is configuring your QoS stuff, S-GW is routing your packets to P-GW, your IMSI-IP map is sent to SMSC and SIP sessions for VoLTE call signaling as well as for SMSC is up, your BS(eNB) is maybe aware of your location, speed, direction of your movement for handover purposes, and by the way one of many accounting database somewhere in there probably a table referred to by HSS says your contract is not valid as far as it knows when and only when you try to request something paid. (I'm pulling these all out of my curious nerd memory so lots might be missing, outdated or unbalanced.) So yeah testing a phone with testing SIM works... Just a few dozen Oracle Cisco Huawei Ericsson Nokia Alcatel gears has your everything in the database. Everything that has come out of human society is either arbitrary or due to our animal nature if you think about it Then you just set up your business so 90% of your company is filled with said 3-month workers at minimum wages. There’ll be no shortages of applicants for quite some time but really destroys the society. So no. No unless I’m guaranteed that upper echelon slot to judge them — no I wouldn’t want to live in a society like that. That's as vague of a key as the photo being color or has signs of modern lens coating One one hand infection experts say humidity protects you, on the other hand they say most types of humidifiers are disease incubators. On top of it it’s a fact that humidifier additives effectively are chemical weapons that works on humans at lower concentrations than it works for pathogens. We’re sort of in a bind — so how are we supposed to have safe air? 6-hourly bleached, heater based humidifiers running off the tap? I don’t either but I’ve heard the purpose of BI is to roll up every benefits into a single unconditional monetary compensation. If so, sort of logical. Whether BI is right or logical is probably an another discussion. Agreed but fair is nuanced Still only as secure as cheap padlocks, but battery backed RAMs were replaced with flash, and location for BIOS passwords keeps changing to different locations so not the simple matter of removing the battery anymore. Doesn’t matter if it’s laptop or desktop, depends more on how old PC is. I think UEFI machines use NAND or NOR ROM as actually nonvolatile NVRAM. I believe you force BIOS to think that it had been lucky but checksums don’t match and EEPROM save is corrupt, then load default and let password go. Works for straightforward ones like most Lenovo, but not for weirdos like Toshiba. Sometimes I see lots of Toshiba office laptops with locked BIOS waiting to be recycled as the result. So the drones has a few strains, Predator is a frontline ones akin to A-10, reportedly uses some Cisco VPN gears in it. There are Global Hawk, which is basically modern Air Force U-2, or X-37B or X-47B, controlled like stah-tegic wargame piece, and how each ones fly are different. For whatever purpose they fly Predators manually. No solid data on that. Everything’s rumor at this point in that front. Japanese Gov’t seems yet to decide whether to go cannonball or call it off entirely, currently bit on cannonball side which is how this deadline story came up. If cancelled, this’ll be the second time an Olympic Games in Tokyo is cancelled, that I personally find hilarious, but a lot will be fuming embarrassed, especially if historians later likely is to mark it an uneducated overreaction. “in Japan if you test positive the hospital gets quarantined losing tons of money” is at least inaccurate, Japan has national healthcare that short-term “sales”/cash strapping don’t matter for hospitals. Economy wise there’s nothing for their corporate to lose OR gain. Is it that anti malaria or HIV drug happens to be effective or are those weak poisons used in the hope that the subject individual outlive the pathogens under its influence https://www.france24.com/en/20191230-china-chinese-scientist... Also, you and I random are not wearing it correct, that’s basically given. It requires regular trainings and tests. Just make a 10 feet cable and route it from a push button double sided to back of your display all the way to PWR_BTN header. That’s how I do it. I’ve read somewhere that manufacturers use extenders as replaceable receptacles for testing. The slots are rated for so many insertion/removal cycles so you’d want them replaceable. That’s just Japanese “Roman” alphabet: Consonants [(None), k, s, t, n, h, m, y, r, w], followed by, Vowels [a, i, u, e, o] forming 5x10 matrix, + semi-voiced ゜(p replaces h) and voiced ゛(g, z, d, b replaces k, a, t, h)signs, + silent “nn”, - wi wu we. (aka NES Dragon Quest spell of resurrection) Morpheus: “Wha’tt if I said — we monetized it, successfully, Neo.” To be fair, AMD also has that "integrated backdoor" for the sake of argument, called Platform Security Processor, sharing acronym with extremely popular game console just like Intel ME does with extremely often mentioned Input Method Editor(s). Obvious response to this rn in the country is "but parents has jobs, especially healthcare workers, the fuck are you thinking" Japanese fiscal and school year ends/starts 31st March/starts April 1st rather than 31 Aug/1 Sep. In a three semester school year, 1st semester is from Apr-Aug, 2nd from Sep-Dec, 3rd from Jan-Mar. This will cut short 1/3 of the third. Probably not counterfeit, just automated scalping/drop-shipping. Rampant on Amazon these days. Can’t you just type “1984” or “Alaska” while focused on the dropdown to select on modern browsers > A corporation isn't going to pay to keep garbage registered at a high fee Look at patent registry Welcome to the Mass of the Church of Decentralization. Here is your baptismal wallet address. Well there are plenty of painful diseases without a cure or effective pain mitigation short of euthanasia. I thought the notion of OTP is that there is absolutely nothing to decode, prove or disprove ciphertext? Like if ciphertext is "supersecret" then it feels like plaintext can't be more obvious and OTP must be "00000000000", but there's nothing anywhere to logically/mathematically support it. OTP could be something else and plaintext could be "hackernews" or "ycombinato". In reality a simple XOR with a random sequence preserve enough entropy of data that I've heard you could make out voices if used on media, so payloads must be scrambled, but that's not recovery, only a guess. ANY reuse breaks that notion and make it not an OTP cryptography. > They just don't understand at their core that once an argument is shown to be false, it can never be reused. I'd frame it as that it doesn't matter to them. People who aren't in a feedback reward loop with the reality or with others feel no consequences, need of change or improvement. An engineer like you would generally want things to be correct regardless of outcome, but for general internet idiots or lots of startup self-appointed C-classes, sadly that is often not the case. I think the 3D effect is just a conversation starter. The purpose of this is to add couple new slider options to Lightroom. Both side's on it. In fact there's no sides. Just that Twitter is competent at removing constructive elements and distilling hatred/rage/anger for profit and it's working against you. There are few ways to strip out some of their 10-year "improvement" and oh how deserted it looks under there... It makes for good stats and it makes revenues. For those angered victims they would express sympathy if that's what you are going to ask for I guess...? My fear is this is going to destroy the society in a decade or two but then not many company survive that long so in financial risktaking standpoint this can't be significant. Wow, never thought of 98/98SE as 4.x point releases, or Me as 5.0, or XP Home and Pro as descendant SKUs for 3.1 and NT 3.1. What would be the ways to keep JavaScript virtually “off” but viewable? I mean, it’s all the same framework-min.js working like a modern COBOL, not like custom mathematically significant compression or advanced dynamic P2P webpage distribution, right? Feels to me like a meta rendering engine could be created so none of the functions needs to be runtime evaluated or content be fetched by it or whatnot. Only if it works and scales? NVIDIA can still build like 128 core ARM if they absolutely has to. Mandalorian solved it by completely replacing all lighting with an LED videowall room showing camera tracked cubemap texture fed realtime from Unreal In layman's response that sounds like that network could use normalization Or a known zebra background with Phillips Hue from all directions Spinning it in a way that doing it becomes a threat to business continuity? If they’re deducted $0.15 from income, paid to you, on spot each time they query that information, or if it adds 0.015% to probability of their stock crashing in that quarter quantifiably, then I’d expect it’ll be gone forever before any of their C-class stands up for some coffee next time. The reality is roughly reverse of that. Revenue sharing is not my point. Some platforms do and makes no difference. What I am describing is a destructive change to revenue streams for ad companies. That is as nonsense as reversing direction of couple major rivers and I know obvious open question will be how in the world. *the gear in the middle So everyone knows that aluminum develops a chemically stable oxidation layer that prevents ionization, or something like that. In reality though, that layer shows zero mechanical strength. You don’t see that with aluminum products but only because they are always anodized. Without anodization or just left in the wild, aluminum develops white salt like corrosion on its skin. I have anecdotal experience of this with a PowerMac G5. It was a school computer, I got to see inside, and years later I found fingerprints of my younger self permanently engraved on it. Also the feature size is in μm range, so I imagine a flashlight or barcode gun shaped UV camera device to observe interference or reflectivity would be possible. Kinda interesting that they were bragging about capacity retention and accelerated charging then 85/90 packs started their combustion processes worldwide. My hyperbole: It’s known that preexisting conditions contribute to deaths: if we presumptuously view atmosphere in a Chinese city as a condition, then the Wuhan death toll makes some sense. Also for “just the flu”: it’s a coronavirus. A cousin of common cold. So it gets you like common cold, you usually don’t know when or where or how you got it. Most effective prevention, not vaccination, not facemasks or spacesuits, but washing hands often, facing away from people when sneezing, eating more vegetables, getting good nights’ sleep, those mom of 5-year-old kid items. There are not many effective meds save for NyQuils and lab experiment Ebola shots. I think “just the common cold” is a technically accurate description regardless of whether it’s world ending or not. Actually not mirrored, just duplicated and joined at the concrete face. Mirrored would rotate in the same direction. Then it’ll “create two universe worth of energy” at the center of it. “He strives to complete his tasks to our satisfaction” Iron Dome is a guided SAM against (unguided) munitions for kill by kinetic hit or close proximity explosion. A ground radar track hostile munitions, fly the missile into its face to kill like a bullet actually hitting another midair. So they wouldn't like designers of its adversaries to know how to fly shells to avoid it. I don't think that's flawed, that just says they wants coders, not talents. They're known for good pays and cream of the crop employees, that doesn't mean their business requires or relies on those irregular capacities. They very well could be "daily driving a 911" so to speak, while nerds around assume they track it. Matcha is just milled green tea brewed in a mug and beaten up, like coffee and espresso difference No it's not about comfort. MAX engine shroud is too far forward to the point it act as canards creating pitch up force at high AoA, in a self reinforcing manner into a belly up into irrecoverable stall. MCAS prevents this by quickly pushing nose down back into airstream. I believe there were discussions earlier on that the FAA requires all civilian airliners to have positive static stability, aka CoL comfortably behind CG so air resistance straightens the attitude without inputs. The opposite of positive static stability is Fly By Wire based 4th-gen onwards jet fighters like F-16, that has CoL only barely aft of CG, that replace aerodynamic stability with electronic PID controllers multiplexed with manual axis inputs for each axes. Those planes could go into a spin over some axis that make sense if at any moment FBW loses control. The fact that MAX needed MCAS, an FBW-like system, to meet FAA standards is itself wrong, and implementation to make it a ghetto nonredundant trim system rather than full FBW is also wrong. Automotive peoples’ mindset of safety and computing is weird. They say it’s better to floor it when leading car is not moving, or better to engage lane centering at a borderline safe moment, to make drivers used to it. Or they say they want computers to delay software edge-case issues after it had occurred. They have passions but the whole industry don’t seem to have much background handling sentient beings. Actually when Subaru first built their EyeSight system, it was almost Tesla Autopilot, but Japanese authority feared it’ll lead to Autopilot type crashes. The authority was right in hindsight, but then couldn’t conceive the idea of mandatory driver monitoring system, and instead ordered Subaru to ensure driver is alert by making intervention too little and late. So most LKA/LKAS should do just as well as Tesla’s, only the firmwares are built deliberately with different parameters. Technology wise it should be the same. > wonder if these non-Tesla manufacturers are getting pre-fab'd chipsets from the same place That's exactly the case. The 'strains' I'm aware of are Subaru/Hitachi, MobilEye, NVIDIA, Bosch, Continental and there shouldn't be more than 3 other than these. Most car manufacturers buy one of these or pay one of them to install another of them, as a camera that speaks in steering angles. You'd notice a lot of those camera units look identical across brands. I think yours is MobilEye(same as Tesla AP1). Why is it 19V for laptops? I had suspected it’s to compensate for voltage drop at linear regulators. Batteries are either 11.1(3.7v 4 cells) or 14.8(3.7v 3 cells 1-3 parallel) and these voltages doesn’t seem immediately consistent with ATX12V to me. What they are saying is that in the case with their setup they can't trigger shutdown or hibernation without a backed up KVM. I’d assume whether this runs escalated or not is considered not relevant Actually incorrect in textbook sense, but widely accepted in recent years to avoid specifying gender. First: SARS-CoV-2 is the virus, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome-CoronaVirus-2. COVID-19 is COronaVIrus Disease-2019 which is the disease caused by CoV-2. Second: Flattening the curve isn't about shortening any duration. The Y axis is the number of infected. In the Red Line scenario, like packets overflowing a buffer, patients above the dashed line will (have to) be medically neglected. Rest assured, our immune system will eventually gain the upper hand, the virus will eventually decides its job done, red line settles, we'll congratulate the lucky few who won scarce beds at surviving hospitals, as well as those who treated themselves next to remains of deceased hospital staffs. Then we will assemble at rubble of our cities and start walking towards the former glory of human civilization up until 2020(hyper exaggeration). The Blue Line, "Flattening the curve", lets us avoid that apocalyptic situation: by boldly suppressing infection early on and spreading it out to a longer duration, ignoring economical disaster ensuing, no patient will be left behind . The hope is that by allowing every patients to be semi-adequately treated WHEN infected(not IF infected), total population of alive and recovered combined at the end of this pandemic at maybe late 2022 or so is going to be far better than the Red Line scenario. So we'd want to flatten the curve. Green, is just a pipe dream. Makes no sense. If that's possible we might as well get production back up full over in China. I think there's an important, sub-vocally communicated notion: the containment had failed long ago, and there is an ongoing pandemic. Many stays asymptomatic, some experience manageable illness, some would need to stay at ICUs, around 0.5-1% life will be lost, but we will all(~70%) get infected. Ideas that requires or aims at containing infection or isolating infected few are useless. We must all accept that almost all of us are situationally required to "schedule" an infection, and fortunately, exact time, place or severity of it is left to our discretion. We must be aware of these facts, and must use it to our maximum advantage, starting from washing hands often. Aren’t we just allowing the idea of licensing contract overwhelm ourselves for little reasons? When you buy a book, you own the hardware but not IP. You’re “licensed a nonexclusive irrevocable right to use, that allows reverse engineering but without sublicensing clauses” aka you can’t xerox the full book and sell it for $5. When you buy a sandwich, same except hardware can be eaten. Really the deal of “mandatory licensed” software is that you can’t pirate it, and that should already be covered by laws. It should not require a million page contract and those contract mustn’t be much more than blank pages. False positive ? I’ve heard although false negatives (contracted but asymptomatic) can be up to 40-60%, but RT-PCR is reliable at declaring positives.