I think the difference between your broken and his broken is that his are actual bugs & crashes and yours are actually more like personal preferences and interface differences. MS Office products are generally rock solid, while OpenOffice/LibreOffice have crashed on me too many times to count. Plus buggy functionality, etc. I might be wrong, some examples from both sides wouldn't hurt :) It's because in this day and age, I shouldn't be turning the lights off, ever. They should be turning themselves off. We humans are quite bad at rote work... Well, even among developers there's clustering. So not many developers are "most productive" using those DVCS. Probably because they have never heard of them or never used them, but it doesn't really matter right now. If your name is Git, you're number 1 in the DVCS space. If your name is Mercurial, you're a distant 2. If your name is neither of them, only a few people have ever heard of you. Sort of like this: http://xkcd.com/435/ And ideally, too, "the little man" should also have a gun, for a course of action against aggressive entities. I'm an European, I guess we just don't get it (the US legal system or the gun laws). Does it work with Cygwin? About Icefrog - I can't really say anything about his programming skills - I think he must be decent since he optimized the JASS scripts used by the Warcraft 3 engine and he also created tons of fun stuff using it. As a comparison, his predecessor, Guinsoo, had created a map with a 10 minute loading time (!). In Icefrog's reign I don't think any map had a loading time above 1-2 minutes on a decent computer. Anyway, getting back to the topic - I don't know about his strength as a programmer, but I think we could all learn from him as a community leader. Anonymous leader, rallied a lot of people around him (a few other coders, a lot of testers, a TON of contributors), gave Dota a rhythm, a release flow that made Dota huge. You'd play the game knowing that game crashing bugs would be fixed ASAP, that game play balance issues would be resolved, that the next version would make everything just BETTER. A ton of dedication and hard work didn't hurt either :) First thing that hit me when I visited the link was a huge newsletter overlay on top of the blog, with the blog grayed out in the background. I think that the blog author might be one of the people you mention (the "viral" kind) :) That's because they don't have nice, human readable COM (and WMI) wrappers. I don't think they had time to implement them - they kept adding more and more from v1 to v2 and v3. Every time you have Win32 spilling over in Powershell, it looks like crap (0xA). The personal license (aka a person owns it, not a company) is €179. From time to time they have huge discounts - they had a Black Friday discount of 75%. Recently there was a 50% discount. Just watch the news on reddit or here :) This is a good article about this problem: http://www.w3.org/International/questions/qa-personal-names Except for the fact that it was last updated in 2008 :( I'm guessing he's a Digital Ocean employee :) If he's just the CEO then he's an employee :) For Jenkins - they took almost all the users. I doubt we'll hear much about Hudson in 5 years time, unless something major happens. I think only Oracle, Sonatype and a handful of other companies are using Hudson these days. All the companies I know have migrated to Jenkins. Aaaand the AppStore basically destroys Open Source since it doesn't allow distribution of GPL programs. If that's not FOSS hostile, I don't know what is... This is the initial, rough port to Blink. I'm quite sure that as development advances it will look a lot less like Chrome and a lot more like Opera. They should definitely move this from their homepage. Right now it's the default download = BAD IDEA. Considering the font antialiasing problems and all the missing features, the should probably make it the default download around 16 or maybe even 17. They're rushing it and it might hurt them badly. Reputation loss is hard to recover from :) > If you buy certain instances you get can a better connection to EBS, and then you can allegedly buy better I/O for $ You actually buy provisioned IO. The throughput can be actually smaller in some scenarios than for non-provisioned IO, provided you: don't have neighbors or they are not noisy. And boy, is that provisioned IO expensive (we've bought quite a bit of EBS volumes). > Gameplay-wise, DotA is very cutthroat in that a single hero can go rambo and 1v5 the other team if he gets out of control, while LoL generally allows you to come back if you play smartly with your team. The same thing happens in Dota, too (especially if you play smart). The game has very good comeback mechanics. If you're losing you'll be fighting closer to your base (so it takes less time to buy stuff and to go back and heal), you'll probably be around your towers (so you'll have additional firepower), you'll also have better vision and a position on higher ground (same as in real war - higher ground = better position to fight), you'll probably be underleveled and respawn faster if you die, so you can come back into the fights faster, if you kill the higher leveled enemy you get a LOT of gold and experience, etc. 1v5ing in Dota only happens in very low level games where most people don't know the game and their characters. Sadly, many players don't know it and think it's Quake or something :) Well, for me that's a fault. Why should the search have to begin with the starting letter of the site? Or why should that be favored? I'd rather point me to the most likely site containing that letter/group of letter. Oh well, it's probably personal preference :) I think they're written dozens of times that systemd can run sysvinit scripts. In your experience is that feature not good enough? After hearing both sides of the argument over and over again (for systemd and against systemd), my only regret is that Ubuntu is not replacing upstart with systemd, so that Loonix will have a uniform boot system. To all the systemd naysayers, please read the docs before commenting, 90% of the comments against systemd look like they've been written by someone who: a) hasn't used systemd b) hasn't read anything relevant about systemd Basically most comments come straight out of the blog post about systemd myths. That's really, really sad. ~400+ K in 2 hours. The start is definitely good, we'll have to see if they keep it up. If you're giving Youtube comments as a shining example of quality and stimulating comment, I guess something is totally wrong in this world. Even with the new rating system, the comments on Youtube are the best example of human stupidity. C:\users\myusername - so far so good. C:\users\myusername\work - good. C:\users\myusername\work\projectname1\ - still good. Now checkout here the root of your favorite SCM from a project with 30+ developers. There's a good chance that you'll run into problems. /rant Or wait, let's do it the Unix way! Isn't "etc" obviously "configuration"? And "bin" obviously "programs"? Yes, let's all use short, non-intelligible folder names like they used back in the days of teletypes when we have 24+" monitors. And let's add on top of that some inside jokes from Bell Labs or Berkeley while we're at it ("spawning daemons"). I don't get it: http://workable.com/ & http://workable.com/signup Have you not deployed it or just reverted? Then please say so anywhere on the first page OR the signup page. There's no "trial" or "expiring" mentioned anywhere I can see... Well, you have it easy. So do we, in Romania - phonetic language. You learn the alphabet in the first grade (6-7 years) and you learn how to write words during the 2nd and 3rd grade I think. But basically once you know the alphabet you can pronounce any word. Except for, you guessed it, neologisms, words imported from non-phonetical languages. Plus we have ce/ci/ge/gi/che/chi/ghe/ghi as the only exceptions, no doubled consonnants or actually any doubled other letter for no obvious reason, no long or short sounds. If I want a long "e" (we pronounce "e" - "eh"), I write it "ee" (duh!). Idea = idee. You can hear it, you can write it. You can read it, you can say it. EZ! What we actually learn during school is higher level grammar: syntax, semantics. I'd say that Romanian is like the Python of natural languages :) (same for other phonetic languages) Can you provide more stats? I'm curious for the full list of language stats - which ones are easy to guess, which ones are hard to guess. Well, a rant: * Why does each one of them use different parameters for the same stuff? WHATEVER_URL could be REGION (WHATEVER = EC2, ELB, ETC, ...). One uses a config file for ACCESS_KEY_ID, another one wants a environment variable. Plus they use different names for common stuff. * Why do are the command line arguments named inconsistently across these tools? --whatever, --what-ever * Why don't they fail on command error? Right now this only happens if there's a configuration problem - if you send a command and there's a problem (like S3 access denied), it still returns 0. * Why don't they provide synchronous commands? Right now I have to do the polling myself. Super annoying. Anyway, I've been using the ones included in Amazon Linux - I hope they were the latest version. If the new version fixes this problem, feel free to correct me :) Personal projects are one thing. But company projects involving more than 3 programmers? Forget it! He's right about these projects - you shouldn't rewrite them. First of all the experienced people will probably move on, secondly business pressures will never allow you to do things "just right". I can't tell you how many rewrites I've seen fail, compared to the handful of rewrites that actually achieve their goals. And this is a very risky proposition for a company. Does riding it as a bike recharge the battery? That would be great. This doesn't matter as much now and will matter less and less since most developed countries are moving towards renewable energy. For example: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_in_Germany#Sustainable_e... And they are actually doing it: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Energy_in_Germany#Renewable_ene... The share of electricity produced from renewable energy in Germany has increased from 6.3 percent of the national total in 2000 to over 25 percent in the first half of 2012. Renewable energy share of gross electricity consumption rose from 10% in 2005 to 20% in 2011. That "wheel" remark was quite poignant, though :) Well, they were real civilizations, bu I doubt anyone would dare to equate their achievements and influence with the Ancient Greeks, Romans, Chinese or Egyptians. Especially for the Incas, it's hard for me to be impressed by their achievements around the year 1400 AD considering what the Egyptians already had achieved by the year 2000BC... French Revolution versus Red October, Mao's Cultural Revolution, gulags and concentration camps for every communist country. In 90% of these "elite trimmings" society is pushed back decades at least. Unruly mobs do not move the world forward. I think most of these development worries are more likely related to language independent deployment issues, mostly static assets processing: optimizing images, minifying Javascript, running CSS preprocessors, versioning everything to prevent caching, generating and copying configuration files, other necessary file/folder transformations for creating a running application. Sure the dependency worries are bothersome too, but I'm not sure they're the whole problem. So basically they are keeping "my" money to: a) use it in case of emegencies b) make more money (interest) Maybe a good business idea but still shady practice. Google's AdWords does the same. And then what happens is that people buy cars from neighboring countries and register them there. Happens here in Romania. A lot of people (overall a small percentage of all the cars on the road, true), register their cars in Bulgaria. Especially from Bucharest easy it's - just a 60km drive to the nearest Bulgarian town where the car can be registered/serviced. Now imagine tens of thousands of mostly quiet, non-polluting cars on a very crowded high way. It would be amazing for the environment. And for the neighboring residential areas ;) I have a Logitech trackball: http://www.logitech.com/assets/32954/3/logitech-wireless-tra... Granted, it doesn't reach console levels of use on most days, but I only clean it once every month or so, and even then it's easy - Logitech has a simple system to pop the ball out and cleaning it is very easy and fast. Using a trackball is definitely not a major chore. I don't know your pet peeves with Outlook, but I've used Outlook 2007 and 2010 for 5 years now. Outside of an annoying "I've changed my AD password 2 weeks ago and you keep asking me for it" bug, Outlook is pretty solid. And as one of the comments below said, try Lotus Notes for a while :o) To have something objectively better - 100% compatibility with Excel + major limitations and bugs fixed + cross platform - more like tens of billions of dollars. Excel is 28 years old and for its entire lifetime it has been one of the focal points of Microsoft development. It is also the center of one of the biggest cottage industries in the software world + servers as an SDK for probably hundreds of thousands of in-house developers. I think such an effort is just an order of magnitude smaller than replacing Windows on desktop systems. And that's saying a lot about Excel :) Now they don't. But they did in the 80s and 90s and guess what, Office won, because it was the best choice. And it's not like they didn't have commercial competitors who couldn't keep up with Microsoft bribes^Wlobbying :) Hetzner? Frankly, this is how command line interfaces should be created: https://github.com/docopt/docopt If only it would be ported to more languages... So because someone doesn't practice what he preaches, a good practice should be avoided? I don't seem to understand your logic. So, basically you should avoid doing something healthy to avoid being branded as something you don't like. And the effort to change the current situation is not worth it because of BS politics. Why would you care if strangers label you somehow? I'd only be worried if that could get me into trouble (police, getting mugged, etc.). I'm guessing doing stuff in London is pretty expensive too, so I doubt that reason is valid. I think he means these: http://caniuse.com/#search=input Firefox doesn't support advanced (and more user friendly) input types. Number, color, date/time. At least that's what I'm guessing. Ah, yes, Apple, that hip startup that undermined the RIM powerhouse :) Until you have to cope with the fact that you have: Powershell cmdlets with their own specific behavior - mostly standardized; COM components loaded from Win32 - major pain in the neck - you basically need a huge brain to really understand all those rules and quirks; AND old school external commands - where all hell breaks loose since on Windows they couldn't standardize even the freaking exit codes (!0 is bad, fools, as Mr. T would say :) ). Yes, Powershell is usable, but it's really hard to write secure, reliable, maintenable scripts with it... I'm really curious what the major hurdles to using Cygwin were, at least from an Unix user point of view. I've been using it for the past 6 years or so and I'm quite happy. These days I feel that the best bet on Windows is to install the 20 or so Windows specific programs that you probably use + Cygwin. http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/David_Ogilvy Slightly taken out of context, but still relevant: "The consumer is not a moron, she is your wife." Well, you do have some sort of deployment process, right? (as in, you're not attaching your scripts to emails) Just change it to zip foo.sh + foo.py. Then: cat foo.sh #!/bin/bash -e ./foo.py cat foo.py # Everything else has moved here. Much better. Not really, I'd rather do: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=6688782 Most of the things you mentioned can be solved in ~15 minutes, surely not a lot of extra effort. And I'm not sure how a script that calls another script screws up monitoring. Plus, if someone cares about high level stuff like monitoring but is worried that people's tools might break if he changes script.sh to script.py later on, I think he needs to sort out the lower level stuff first. Like distribution and packaging :) Portability across OSes, especially for non-shell scripts? The population itself doesn't matter that much. According to this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poverty_in_China#Poverty_reduct... ~950 million live on less than 5$ per day. I doubt you can get a decent PC and a decent Internet connection on that kind of money. I'd bet that the US has more programmers than China right now, even though China has 4x the population. Be careful what you wish for because it might come true. A lot of people don't like the Open Web and are clamoring for something obfuscated. Longer term is lose-lose for everyone. Everyone can read the source code for the pages and applications. It's been a boon for the web, so far. Well, since I've been watching videos on Youtube I noticed something. Pre-aquisition Youtube comments were the most retarded and insensitive things one Earth. I can hardly think of another discussion forum on the Internet with such bad comments. Mostly hateful retarded immature ones. Then Google added upvotes - suddenly there was some sort of filter and the millions (literally) of pages of filth were hidden. Sometimes the top comment was even interesting or funny. Google becoming a waste land? Maybe. But that's only if you conveniently forget that Youtube was a radioactive sewer filled with all sort of mutated, barely functional animals and plants. I'd rather have silence than that. Youtube needed the open comments for the sale (comments drive views), but Google doesn't need sheer numbers, it needs quality. Higher quality comments, higher quality content, much higher possibility of monetizing. Google is moving in the right direction. They're funny until you see a gazillion pages of them. Quote from parent: "Stupid comments" Stupid comments = good stuff? :) But does anyone want to return to those days? It would help a lot if you could point out what you find wrong with those points in Go. That's a feature, not a bug. Yay! (Chrome) I have 40 tiny tabs and I don't know what any of them are! At least Firefox + tabs provides real tab management options: scroll bar, Tree Style Tabs, Panorama, etc. Yes they will. The premise is flawed. Socialism (US term) or social-democracy (Euro term) can work in a democratic society but communism is flawed from the start. Putting everything in one communal basket and expecting people to behave is a recipe for disaster. Don't make a system which works only when people do not make mistakes or are only driven by their purest feelings. It's because most communist parties in the Eastern Block were initially (or even always) called socialist parties. And many Eastern Block countries were named "socialist republics". Heck, U S S R. True, and so were all the socialist regimes I mentioned. But after tens of years of propaganda by the communists, the name tends to stick. After the fall of communism, it sticks in a bad way: socialism = communism. I think that the best people to ask are those that lived under "socialist" regimes (I'm one of them). If I ask almost anybody I know that lived under a socialist regime, they'll probably say the same. Maybe theoretically socialism is a different thing, but practically it really isn't for a lot of people. Market pressure. Even so, the rate at which they're adding back the features is unbelievable - I think it 12 months they'll have all the old Opera features back sans IRC client and mail client (which they said they'd drop anyway). Opera's future looks really promising if they can survive this very bumpy ride. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tragedy_of_the_commons Well, some people are bound to already installed interpreters. And those come with Linux distros. Many of which will be using Python 3 as the default for their 2014 releases (Fedora, Ubuntu, Arch). Plus these distributions are helping/pushing 3rd party Python developers to port to Python 3. So 2014 really looks like Python 3 mass adoption. Linux distributions versus FreeBSD. apt-get upgrade versus make buildworld :) And what if I want to use Windows Explorer or Nautilus to just copy my files to the device without installing anything? Just like any other mobile device in existence since the invention of Plug and Play and USB. I want to hook up an iPad to my laptop - FOR FREE - and be able to copy 2GB movies to it whenever I want, with 2 clicks or less. I say iPad but it's the same, really, for iPhone. I just care more about the iPad here :) You can do it, but it's in no way straightforward: all sort of cloud services (no, I don't want to send my files over to your servers in Finland to copy things in my living room), making the iPad a WebDAV server (probably the simplest solution but definitely annoying), SMB shares (only seen on the iPad through crappy or paid apps), iTunes (again, crappy solution, a lot more clicks than a real file manager). I mean, just because Apple (or the media companies Apple does business with) has an agenda to push you can't blame me for bitching at them. After all drag'n'drop file copying between devices was a problem solved 20 years ago. Now I need special "apps" on either my PC or on the iPad (most of them crapware or paid or paid crapware) to connect glorified "iDevices". The just took that option out - there was no technical reason to not have it and just HIDE the entry from newbies. Add to this the fact that the app market looks so immature that I feel I'm back to DOS shareware land. Few major companies I feel I can trust to not screw me at a low level (I don't care about NSA intrusions, I care about credit cards numbers being leaked out or major security breaches on code no-one has ever reviewed), no well known, mature OSS apps for the main things I do with my device. Right now installing an app seems a crap shoot. Anyway, it's all business reasons and not tech reasons, I get it. End of rant :| I was kidding. Yes, FreeBSD has a very good package manager, but as far as overall philosophies and maybe popular perception, Linux is the million-tiny-independently-updateable-bits-that-may-or-may-not-fit-together and FreeBSD is the huge-giant-blob-we-update-together-and-it-all-works! Base system, of course. "Big is beautiful" versus "small is beautiful". Some people like Ruby, others like Python. Hell, some people like Perl! :p This is going to be a programming language readability rant - ignore at will! :) Looking at the code I remember why I hate C. It's because of the lack of memory management, obviously, but also because of the crappy naming conventions. At a glance, disregarding your prior C programming experience, what is "mut"? What is "u8"? What is "putc"? Why does a language designed in this day and age try to cater to old fogeys pining for C naming conventions if it wants to supercede C? We have consoles with widths >80 characters, we have autocompletion and even Intellisense in any decent programming editor know to man! Compare and contrast: putc with WriteCharacter or write_character or write_char uint with UnsignedInteger or unsigned_integer or unsigned_int Don't go overboard Java Enterprise edition-style, but stop saving on the "cheap" stuff, sheesh! I'm also spoiled by Python at this, the epitome of "pseudocode" programming language. What's up with "~"? Couldn't they have found a 1-2-3-4 letter word for the random tilde? I do understand why they did it - to make it easier to draw the C crowds in. But really, isn't there a lower level (no memory management/optional memory management) language with decent syntax? Why is everybody creating lower level languages trying to copy C? C was created in the age of teletypes and it became popular because it was portable assembly. It's syntax was not a forte. I agree on all your points and I'd like to add that I don't know of any definitive research backing up an optimum line length. The only thing is that you don't want to be near the extremes - say 40 characters per line or 120 characters per line. Everything in between is acceptable. 80-90-100 characters lines are perfectly readable and also easily diffable/viewable side by side on almost any screen (I hope you're not doing 3-way merges merges on a phone :p). And thankfully new lines don't cost anything so we can just break up long lines like in this very good example: http://stackoverflow.com/a/903767 , and we can afford better identifiers. C/C++ people - break the cycle! Make new, human readable, 2000+ style APIs for C. Death to the fputcs of the world! (IMO symbol versus word is a personal preference thing and has no actual impact on code readability unless I need to re-read the language spec after 6 months of not using the language). And not providing any backwards compatibility is BS :) You do need a stable base to build upon. Not quicksand. Or if you're Slackware Linux: "In 1999, Slackware's release number jumped from 4 to 7. Patrick Volkerding explained this as a marketing effort to show that Slackware was as up-to-date as other Linux distributions, many of which had release numbers of 6 at the time, and Volkerding expected them to reach version 7 by the time of the jump." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slackware Wouldn't performance be better with VMWare Fusion? I think it includes even 3D acceleration. Whoa there you FOSS commie! (just kidding, I know mapleoin) I hope you succeed with your project, but sorry, I feel that your pricing is batshit insane, pardon my French. $200 per year subscription for 1 machine for the basic license with support only for the installation, basically. And probably bugfixes, I'm guessing. If for whatever reason I'd like to create a 3-4-5 VM test farm I'd have to pay $600-$800-$1000 per year. And, again, subscription. If I don't pay after one year I cannot use this anymore. Combined with the closed source factor, I really don't like it, sorry. I'm not a entrepreneur, but from everything I've seen in products I bought or wanted to buy, the personal edition/regular edition, the price was almost always kept under $100. It makes purchases far more likely. Make the license "floating" as you said in another post and reduce the cost to $99. Then make a professional edition (extra features) and an enterprise/volume discount edition (no necessarily extra features but can buy in bulk for reduced overall cost). Similar to what people like Atlassian or Jetbrains are doing, basically ;) (also kudos for the starter license addition, the "social" license - nice touch) It's not always about what people are interested or want. Sometimes people give up on their long term interests for short term gain. Mozilla is about the long run. And if it weren't for Firefox, you'd still be developing for IE6. I'm sure that they care about those bugs, but right now the major battle for everyone is in the mobile platform area. If Firefox OS doesn't gain a foothold we're basically in walled garden area forever (even though Android is OSS I don't trust Google to not become reactionary once the market is saturated and Android dominates it; and through patents + branding Google can still prevent major forks if it wants to). So for your own long term sake, you'd better wish that they do make it, even if they have to postpone a few CSS bug fixes. Good luck, and your first page is golden: joe@alchemist~$ rethinkdb joe@clockwerk~$ rethinkdb -j alchemist:29015 Just guessing, but joe is probably a Dota fan :) http://www.jwz.org/doc/cadt.html Does this matter that much if you version everything? Commit in library -> successful library build, failed client build. Commit in client -> successful library build, successful client build. In both situations you don't really care about the intermediary broken build - you still have the previous library/client versions and can use those. Once everything is committed & fixed you have the new versions and you can upgrade. The only problem I see if there's a long delay before the second commit. But this can be prevented by a fast CI cycle (always a good idea) and sending notifications for failures across teams (i.e. the library committer is notified that the client build for his commit failed). A patched system with a firewall on and without "trojan horses" brought in by the user is relatively safe. XP will stop getting patches soon. And this list ( http://www.cvedetails.com/vulnerability-list/vendor_id-26/pr... ) is only going to get longer and longer, because even though Microsoft will be EOLing XP, there will be tens of millions of Internet facing machines using it, probably even in 2020. I don't understand why Python 3 is a flop. It's a incompatible, new version of a programming language. It's seen slow, steady, constant adoption. In the low single digits, but that's to be expected for a incompatible new version. Most Linux distributions will be adopting it, most mainstream packages are ported or are planning a port. Want to bet that in 3 years' time Python 3 will be the most popular Python version (51%-49% maybe, but still a majority)? Wait for all the LTS/Enterprise distributions to switch to it - that will be the tipping point. And then people bitch and moan about Java's type erasure since the type when Java added generics. You can't have everything. Python 3 is not backwards compatible. Its adoption was bound to not be 90% in 1 year or so, especially for an already widely used and embedded system. Python 3 is not a success, but it is a quite nice base for building the next 10 years of Python. And for this goal, Python 3 is probably on track. This also relies on a similar cultural background. You'd be surprised at the cultural differences between US/California (a lot of the posters here) and Eastern Europe (my case). And my situation is mild - imagine how this scales between US/California and someone from a completely different culture (China, Africa, India). Actually it doesn't scale at all :) As long as it interfaces with anything else, it does. If your software is completely isolated and self contained, sure, there's no practical bitrot. But the Internet changed the software world - software rots out in the wild. This is so nice, until you figure out that the electric car has been around since 1880: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electric_car . Now it's trying to claw its way to 0.1% of worldwide car sale - and let's not try to figure out which percentage of total cars used this represents (probably 0.00001%). I know that after a tipping point adoption just starts snowballing, but that point still looks 10-12 years away (a market share of electric car sales at 10% or better). Designed by Tesla in California. Manufactured in China :) Furthermore, # has been used for comments before //, so he's even "wronger" than he probably thought :) I doubt that Windows is monolithic/bloated. Convoluted sure, backwards compatibility is a bitch, but Windows is probably broken into neat little modules by now. Turning HMTL 5 into a competent application platform = million of man hours. Convincing Google, Apple, Mozilla, the rest of the universe to adopt Microsoft's closed platform (even if it were Open Sourced) = billions of billions of man hours :) This sounds like a bad spam post. From my experience with Jenkins, as a build/deployment/release engineer the past 6 years, you probably want to: - chain jobs - needed for larger projects; ideally this should even allow composing jobs to have nice, modular jobs which can be launched standalone or chained - some kind of powerful templating system - needed for reducing configuration duplication; ideally this would keep track of all the "children" in case of updates - you also probably need enterprisey features later on, like SSO using AD/LDAP, fine grained ACLs based on groups, etc But job chaining and job templating should be higher priorities for the workflows since they affect the overall architecture. Jenkins has been struggling for a while to re-architect to allow this, not entirely successfully. You also want a plugin system if you don't have one, especially one with dependencies (i.e. the Git plugin can server as a dependency for the Github plugin). My 2 € cents :) I find hard to read such comments and think that they are valuable contributions anymore. First of all, Pulseaudio was not the biggest success, true, but can't someone learn from their mistakes? Both are also living, moving software products that continue to improve, as you said, "development marred with huge number of bugs that ruined audio on Linux until recently" - key words: "until recently". Secondly, about the technical aspects: http://0pointer.de/blog/projects/the-biggest-myths.html http://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/systemd/ -> "The systemd for Administrators Blog Series" Lennard Poettering said it better than I ever will. I find his arguments quite compelling and honestly, at this stage saying "the author does not understand Unix" just sounds silly. Judging by his work and his writings, Lennart probably sleeps with a copy of "The Unix Programming Environment" or other such classic under his pillow. He probably knows Unix 10x better than you or me (feel free to point me to your resume/bio if my assumption is wrong :) ). Just say that you don't agree with his design. That's fine and it's acceptable. It also turns this debate into something kind of like Linux versus Minix. Working code (his) wins for now ;) Have you been using the latest version? Their latest versions have had a huge focus on UX. I think that Idea 13 >> Idea 10, for example. Well, except for the Mac-only IDE (AppCode I think it's named), the other IDEs are just tweaked IntelliJs with stripped down configurations and language specific plugins. Those plugins can be installed and used in IntelliJ itself, so you can have Java/Ruby/Python/PHP/Javascript/etc support, all in one. Harsh words. They are rewriting everything, surely it's better to focus on 90% of their user-base first? Now only if the same emperor would have used that gunpowder invented by the Chinese to develop develop weapons better than bows to beat those Northern invaders. Oh wait, it was those pesky competitive Europeans that developed those weapons. You inadvertently made his point :) > * the Pacific ocean is twice as wide as the Atlantic (I don't know anything about wind patterns here) True, but the Pacific has a lot of islands in between, the Atlantic hardly has any. I don't know what the effective range of Chinese ships was at the time, though. Oh, yes, because showing the help entries first when entering the application clearly is the right idea. And surely that is why all the text-entering applications in the world have followed vi's lead. Re #3. Dude - you broke my browser with that link :( That's awesome in a way. But this being Open Source you can just download the sources for Vim 7.4 in the future and use it on UnixWare 7.1.0. While the rest of us (and maybe you, yourself) on Ubuntu 15.10 can use Neovim with all the cruft taken out. Well, when users are doing that, you can be sure that the competition will be in a world of pain! > It won't outlive the JVM. Well, the JVM will probably outlive the human race, so that's actually a comforting thought for Java developers :) Oh, so we've come full circle. Don't download random Windows apps from the internet, they're bad for your PC! Hey, here's my nice shiny app store where the applications are curated. Only quality content, categorized, free of spyware and other distractions. Oh no - market pressure has pushed the bar lower and lower and I once again have to rely on the Internet for reviews and comparisons of apps in order to install only the decent and trustworthy apps. Kind of sounds like the Windows model all over again. But this time I have to go through your BS systems to publish an app on my own device. Yay progress! There is no HTML5 bubble. Even if there is, on the long term it will be a mere blip on the radar. The Web is the Borg. First there was the dotcom bubble, and now the Web is bigger than that. Then there was the Web 2.0 bubble, and now the Web is bigger than that. Now it's time for the HTML5 bubble to grow and burst, and in 10 years the Web will be even bigger still. From the FAQ: https://github.com/owin/owin/wiki/faq - OWIN is inspired by rack, WSGI and node.js. I'd say there are plenty of alternatives to OWIN (and the .Net stack) for *nix. That's probably why there's not much interest around Mono, too. What I find funny is that this is, ironically, Microsoft's old strategy but with a positive twist. Embrace, extend, extinguish. Microsoft has already embraced Javascript - we could argue that they brought their own demise as the dominating platform when they created XMLHttpRequest. Now they're extending it. Maybe I'm naive but at this point I don't fear Typescript extinguishing Javascript. If they send things to ECMA for standardization, they'll definitely prove a point in this direction. Now find a way to correlate that to language and project country stats. As far as I can tell all Kickstarter projects have to be in the US/UK/Australia/NZ and of course, the entire site is in English. UK contribution - 54 million $, German contribution - only 21 million $. Something is obviously off. At this point I'd focus on horizontal growth - get in as many important geographies as possible, focus on key languages: German, French, Spanish, Chinese, Portuguese, Russian. Yes, the English only, US/UK/AU/NZ based startup culture. Get off your high horse, the stats are obviously skewed: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7334642 Why is he underestimating England? At this point England is basically: a) an English speaking financial center b) an English speaking media source Does it count for anything else? Both of those are only relevant now because of English becoming today's lingua franca, mostly due to the US. Even in Europe they're second fiddle to Germany/France. Excuse me, but what is your line of work? What programming language do use and in what field exactly? SVN. It actually won via a killer library/app - TortoiseSVN. But it was cleaned up, and mostly incompatible - after all all the commands had changed from cvs to svn :) A cleaned up PHP would be interesting but it would need a truly killer app. Basically make a PHP clone except for the bad parts. I'd say that the killer app would be a very to use framework that provided various security best practices already built in. And a PHP clone would need a 0 installation process - no messing around with shell commands or root access. Just copy your .phpclone files and you're set to go. Is the configuration dynamic? Like EC2 autoscaling or something? As far as I know Nagios needs a restart for each configuration change - imagine doing tens of Nagios restarts daily... Well, you have to put that image into context. The US hasn't been devastated by 2 world wars. I'd say that the graph proves it - the first moment where the US was massively ahead was 1900-1925. Want to bet that 90% of the European companies from that period are pre-1914? What is more worrying is 1976-2007 -> does that mean that things are ossified already? That there's no room for smaller companies to grow? I'd blame European conservatism for this together with US multinationals. I think he wants to compare the relative values. The Achaemenid Empire at its peak probably produced half of the world's goods. > Most nations of Europe (probably not Moldova, Slovenia, and a few others), on both a total and per capita basis, consume much more than anyone on that list. Be careful with Europeans, they get pissed off easily. Slovenia has a GDP (PPP) per capita of $28,195. While that's half of the US it is actually a lot, they're definitely not subsistence farmers in Mali. You cannot really compare it with Moldova - $4,182. First world versus close to third world :) He picked 1995 because of, obviously, Java. He was talking about Java :) When you have 1.5 billion people the game is played at an entirely different level. One which Turkey is highly unlikely to reach. Also Kosovo :) > I'd so much rather have a platform like this, where the hardest part--the image engine--would be done by experts, and the apps themselves, the feature sets, the UIs, could then be built by hordes of amateurs. The naïveté of a budding hacker. Great UIs are done by experts too, young padawan. I wasn't disagreeing with your vision, but rather with your dismissal of UIs as "amateur work". And I'm not even a experience designer :) Totally off topic, but what's the name of the song in the video? :) Anything covering email on a production scale is going to be full of edge cases. Could you please upload it somewhere? It's really catchy :) This is something Microsoft needs to push instead of the insane MSI stuff. Microsoft really needs an officially sanctioned dependency manager, maybe NuGet. Something with a standardized package format based on _archives_, not _executable installers_. The Microsoft ecosystem is light years behind OSS in this regard. Heck, CPAN was designed in 1993 and became available in 1997. Truly light years - CPAN predates the dot-com boom. Agreed. It's like . ./file versus source ./file Try googling for that if your Google foo is weak. "shell script dot"? "bash dot"? (edit: it seems Google search has gotten smarter or probably has an improved profile for me since this time it actually points to somewhat useful stuff; last time I searched for this was 8 or so years ago) At this point we can safely say that any programming language will be with us for many decades. Cobol ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cobol#COBOL_20XX ), Fortran ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fortran#Fortran_2015 ), Basic ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_.NET#2013_.28VB_12... ) are still evolving. Heck, Python is already 23 years old and I don't see it going anywhere. I'm not even going to talk about the ubiquitous C/C++ or Java, as they'll probably be around long after we're dead. Adaption is neat, but I don't see this argument as being a very solid argument in favor of Lisp - it's just the norm. I doubt Nokia would sell the brand. Nokia has been a Finnish company for 150 years. They made several mistakes - including bringing Elop in - and they probably wanted to get rid of the part of the company that was no longer sustainable. But I doubt they ever wanted to give up the brand, based on the details I read these days about the deal with Microsoft (only sold the mobile division, licensed the Nokia brand for several years, banned from producing mobiles only until 2018, etc). "From June 30, 2002 through June 30, 2013, city staffing decreased by 9,028 positions and totaled 295,894 by the end of fiscal year 2013, a 3.0 percent decline." http://ibo.nyc.ny.us/cgi-park2/?p=590 Apparently you need a lot of people to keep a city running. I don't know if you've used a lot of blogs/CMSes/etc, but you definitely overrate their commenting systems. Most of them are crap. That's why Disqus is so popular, because it has tons of cool features (like the little popup that says when someone has posted before you). Heck, Disqus is better than 90% of the forums out there (Hi, there, PHPBB or vBulletin!). Well, he doesn't recommend any of Spring, Hibernate or JBoss, if you read the article. And I think his point was modern _Java_ development. Isn't Vert.X async a-la Node? Well, history repeats itself. See the mobile phones for cellular networks (aka GSM). Made initially by Motorola, the technology spread all over the world and the US networks were actually lagging behind everyone else for quite a while. Agreed. pdf.js has come quite a long way from its beta. In most situations I don't feel the need for a native reader, anymore. I saw a Steam (Valve) graph for Dota 2 download speeds. Roughly 8 million players, spread across the world, quite evenly. The "fastest" countries were South Korea, Sweden, the Netherlands and Romania. We might be lacking quite a few things, but Internet speed is not one of them :) The main question is: can China's population become specialize faster than it ages? My intuition says it will, and even if the "boundless labor pool" is drained, it will still have ~20% of the world's work force. By then probably higher skilled than now. I wouldn't say they're slow. You wouldn't believe the rate they're adding features to Dota 2, for example. I believe that they're actually quite a small crew with very ambitious projects, and they tend to move around a lot. Totally agreed. Think about you're going to develop, check if the libraries are there, and if they are, go 3 and don't look back. I see no point in starting from 0 and working with what is already a legacy language - unless there's a hard requirement tying you to Python 2. I'm not sure if you're kidding or not. IDE integration for a new language? They wrote it themselves. Do you think it would have been harder to integrate an existing language? Fast & native also also trivially solvable. I don't know about interop with Objective-C, that's probably the hardest part from your list. But complaining about IDE integration when they're also the creators of the IDE is... silly... Well, that may be true for GCC but Ruby, Python & co are well integrated into many third party IDEs. So that point, at least, is moot. Yes, let us create an in-house crappy forum system. Better yet, let's use a crappy Open Source solution which was designed 15 years ago. Some cloud services are used because they're actually useful and good at what they do. You brave soul. I hope you accomplish what you've started - LibreOffice GUI improvements, especially regarding the foundations, are greatly appreciated. Would it be possible, long term, to use Qt? I mean switch the current components to be based on Qt and then, over time, actually start using Qt? I'm not American and not really an US fan. But I think he's at least partially right. Many of the previous wannabe #1s (as the US is now), were motivated by ideology ("we're better than you, culturally, religiously, racially, etc"): Spain, Portugal, England, France, Germany, by a power trip (Russia) or by what I could only call sheer insanity (Nazi Germany, USSR). The US is a bit different in this regard since it was always basically a trading nation and this what drove it forward: we don't (usually) want your land or want to convert your people to whatever crazy idea we have, we just want to get (worst case) / buy (best case) your stuff. That is an entirely different message and as long as it is not abused to much (see Iraq especially), it is a much better approach for the smaller guys. Ideally I'd want all the countries to be open, democratic, tolerant, free market economies AND equal partners. In practice I'd just want the big guy to not abuse me too much and give me a chance to grow myself. That's why as a Romanian I'm kind of horrified, for example, by Russia's resurgence. They fail 3 out of 5 those "ideal" criteria completely (open, tolerant, equal). The US fails basically just "equal", the rest might not be awesome but they have passing grades. I actually wanted to throw Guatemala up there, next to Iraq, as an counter-example. The USA has from the absolutist point of view an awful track record. But the competition was so bad that from a relative point of view it's like purgatory versus hell. Canadians or Mexicans might not like the US, but there's no neighbor of Russia that did well because of Russia. Any sane citizen which has no vested interest in Russian occupation or is actually Russian (Russia and the USSR have displaced a lot of populations, have colonized large areas and have russified huge populations) will agree. Meanwhile Canada and Mexico are doing quite fine - those borders have been stable for over 100 years and there's been no major "abuse", as I called it before, that I know of. Also, arrogance is not a capital offense, discrimination based on it is. From many points of view the US discriminates less than those mentioned previously. Almost all good IDEs allow that. All IntelliJ ones do that. They can even share the code formatting rules and they can be committed to version control so that your whole team uses the same rules. I doubt that a language dieing in 2014 would be completely gone from all record. Almost all the languages that we "lost" did not have a rich literature or sometimes even an alphabet. If you have multiple modes you can basically reuse the entire keyboard for commands. That's one advantage that is impossible to achieve in non-modal editors. Ctrl-ing, Alt-ing, Shift-ing stuff just isn't the same, especially as those commands get more and more complex. The interesting thing watching him play is that you attribute most of his game play to speed and balance due to his low center of gravity. I never thought he was that accurate because his motion when shooting doesn't seem very elegant. I take that back after seeing this data! He was a sight to behold. At least 5 kilos overweight (as a professional football player!) and he could dash in front of defenders in front of him. I saw him 2-3 meters behind a defender during a 10-15 meter sprint where he ended 2-3 meters in front of the defender at the end. Really explosive! > Unfortunately, it cannot handle circular references. Wouldn't this be bad design in 99% of circumstances anyway? I say 99% because I don't want to be categorical, personally I think circular references/dependencies are always bad on some level. Well, back off from your Javascript knowledge a little and try to figure out if the intention of the code is readable. As an outsider is seems... cryptic. His name is probably "Marius". That's about as short as it gets as a name... Humans are incredibly resourceful when pushed into a direction. See the average consumption of gasoline/diesel fuel for cars in Europe especially over the last 3 decades. And to make things even more impressive, graph out the average horsepower, weight and overall features added to cars in the same time frame. A car these days uses 1/3 the fuel it used to use in 1980 while having probably 2x the horsepower and 10x as many features, many of which have greatly improved passive and active security. Of course, not all improvements are good, but the overall trend is nice. If your Wartburg would hit a modern car you would be squashed. At this point they're a hazard on the road. They're cool and have their appeal but if a modern car company would design the Wartburg today it wouldn't pass safety or environmental regulations. And most modern cars are not thrown away, they are sold as second hand cars in my country or other developing countries :) There are people who follow the front page? I don't think I could understand this. In my view the value of reddit, as you pointed out, is in the subreddits: somewhat peer reviewed focused forums with a much better interface than the PHP forums of old. And that's where the money is, IMO. Just as you said, offering enterprisey features for them could rake in a ton of cash. Renting a decent 1 bedroom apartment is about 350 dollars. 1Gbps costs 20 dollars, and it includes TV subscription (I think it includes HBO too), a fixed phone line and a 3G SIM card and/or USB stick. The cost of living is definitely less than 1000 dollars. After all the average salary in Bucharest is probably less than 1000 dollars per month, so we wouldn't be able to live here if it cost more, would we? :) Not all of them. I'd say that the majority are just second hand purchases. Of course, they can't afford to really maintain them, so once a major component breaks down... they're probably out of luck and have to sell the car for parts or something. If you want to live in the city center (i.e. 1km radius), then an apartment will probably cost a bit more. But I'd say that withing a 3-5km radius $250 is normal for longer term rent and probably $300-320 for something super quick. But most of the people renting don't sign any contracts anyway so you can just say that you'll stay for 1 year and pack your bags after 1-2-3 months, or as long as you paid the deposit for. Python version supported? Pypi doesn't list it. On the same note, your pypi page is borked: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/textract (look at Build status & co, there's a formatting error) Don't get your facts mixed up. 325 million is quite close to what Adobe makes per month. Google and Apple are 10x-20x50x bigger. Based on your account name I find it hard to take your comment seriously, but: The 20s called. They want their cliches back. Most of the world is richer than US poor people these days. Of course, even if "most" are, there's still 1 billion people barely making enough for food, I'll grant you that. Ok, so my math was off, too, my point was that for Adobe that's actually a lot of cash, unlike for Apple. You say "US poor" then say that you were in awe of "average Americans". Make up your mind. Oh, and "most" = "majority" = >51%. World population = 6.5 billion people sans US. US poor = probably less than 10k dollars per year (maybe less at PPP). So at least 3.5 billion people should be making more. Middle class Europeans, Chinese, Indians, Japanese, etc, should definitely cover my claim, based on PPP prices. By car manufacturers? American food is crap. I don't know what they add in the US, but a lot of stuff seems artificial. Even the milk seems over-processed. Source: European who had 2 trips to the US, in supposedly healthy states: California, Washington. Have you ever tasted natural milk? Non pasteurized? I mean either completely raw or just boiled once straight after it's been collected? I have. The taste of European milk is similar. That of American milk is almost nothing like real cow milk. Both Emacs and Vim are updated regularly: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Emacs#Release_history http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vim_%28text_editor%29#Release_h... In between major releases they have tons and tons of bug fixes (Vim probably has hundreds per release). Editors can suffer a lot from code rot since they have to integrate with a lot of things. An Open Source version could be quite interesting from Sublime's community point of view. I don't know about the developer's income while this happens, though. Considering the humongous amount of corner cases Vim covers and the huge base of knowledgeable users that push Vim to its limits, I'd say that the bug count is to be expected. Github, Reddit, Stackoverflow. Those look like several big sites to me (not just one). And as many people said, Gruber is not some sort of BDFL... And it should take over if StackOverflow's service is crappy. Well, I'm sorry, but in my book if you make something Open Source, stay as the maintainer for a long time yet fix no bugs or make no improvements, don't register the trademark AND publicly complain when people try to improve the situation, you're like a parent who doesn't treat his child well. And in most societies I know of, that's a valid reason to lose your rights as a parent. Harsh comparison, but I feel it reflect the current situation well. And did anyone actually call it "Web Applications 1.0"? Not all forks pick "suitably disambiguated" names. In fact most hostile forks actually picked a name that was making fun of the original. Or just piggy backed the "brand". The only cases where this didn't happen was where trademarks were involved (OpenOffice.org, Hudson), and even those cases might imply pointing fingers (open has far more restrictive connotations in the software world than libre). And in this case I do hope that the hostile fork actually becomes what it aims for: standard/common and basically makes everyone forget about Markdown.pl. > Haskell is not for most people, Prolog is not for most people, Coq is not for most people, why does Common Lisp need to be for most people? Prolog and Coq don't really feel like general purpose languages, they have very specific uses. Haskell and Common Lisp are general purpose languages, they are not meant to be used just for one domain. What do general purpose languages such as Haskell and Common Lisp gain by remaining niche languages? I'm genuinely curious. Sure - the community might be a bit more tight knit and the overall signal-to-noise ratio is a bit higher, but the overall output of a community 100x larger will always drown out the smaller one. And among the hundreds of projects out there at least some will certainly outshine the "polished to perfection" projects made by the smaller community. At a certain point the larger community will just have more quality projects than the smaller one. So what does Common Lisp gain by purposely avoiding contributions? I'm genuinely curious. Many people don't have the time or the capacity to contribute to Python or C++ or PHP, either. Yet I rarely see comments as dismissive of the general programming population such as yours, coming from Python/C++/PHP users. It seems to me that many core tools could use such updates. They're widely used yet most of them predate modern development techniques and tools such as widespread linter usage, unit tests, peer reviews before committing, appearance of various stable and portable libraries or even compilers, security scans. I wonder what other nasty things would appear after a serious code review of the GNU and BSD core code bases. I do agree that the code has been read probably hundreds of times and executed millions of time, but I doubt there have been many formal attempts at improvement and the overall methodoloy resembles brute forcing to me. I could be wrong. Please continue posting such links. I know some people would like only links about "hacking" (i.e. coding), but such articles really make me understand the "we are standing on the shoulders of giants" quote. Especially about lesser advertised cultures such as the Islamic one. Who said that I don't read those? Your reply is a bit condescending. The stages of learning include total ignorance, when you don't know that you don't know something (or that the thing you don't know would interest you). We're social animals for several reasons - one of them is that we can teach each other. HN is quite a knowledgeable community, so the advice/pointers are in general more useful than just random Google searches or sifting through Amazon reviews, for example. Well, he is right that you're definitely not polite. There are tons of mediocre or even bad programmers out there, in any language. Many of them don't really understand the language they're supposed to master. Heck, there are a trillion C++ programmers out there and giving sub-par programmers access to C++ is also a recipe for failure. Did that ever stop any non-elitist language community? The reason they're "accepted" is that ultimately they make an ecosystem bigger. They want IDEs, linters, debuggers & other tools, books & presentations & trainings, libraries, services, etc - most of which are paid and which allowed better programmers to earn a living. Some of them - a minority - actually move beyond this newbie phase and contribute something useful. They make crappy and less crappy libraries, some of which might be used by "code wizards" when they need to do something (after all, does anyone except for the military, maybe, 100% audit the code dependencies they have?). Let them come, be nice, and they will filter themselves out. I have an additional question for this debate: think about a problem you'd like to solve while developing an application as a start up. What's the likelihood that your problem is solved by several robust libraries in Java and in Lisp? I'd bet that Java probably has several, not just one, high quality open source implementations of the thing I'm looking for - despite the crappy programmers you mention. By high quality I mean - at least decent code quality, good documentation, a lot of examples, discussions about it on public forums, maybe even commercial support, etc. With a bit of luck we'll have a gcc/egcs situation ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_Compiler_Collection#History ). Basically GCC was falling behind, a fork called EGCS was a lot better after a while and at a certain point GNU just dropped the old GCC and adopted EGCS as the official GCC. Of course, Neovim first has to make a release for this to happen. And Bram has to let go of the legacy platforms (sorry Amiga!). He can support them via older Vim versions, I don't think it would be a problem for anybody... Bram hasn't complained about their usage of the name (unlike the Standard Markdown fiasco). And as a Vim user what they're doing seems what Vim always wanted to do before Bram was sidetracked by other projects: they're making Vi Improved. A lot of the changes they're making seem to be redoing the Vim internals using 21st century software development practices (continuous integration: builds, tests, linting, refactoring, removing deprecated bits, etc). I actually hope that Neovim is temporary and Bram can gracefully accept the Neovim code as the official Vim once Neovim is stable. And Vim can become "Legacy Vim", supporting modes and OSs Neovim doesn't support anymore. Vim itself does the same thing - it has downloads for older versions in order to support MS DOS, for example (I'm not 100% sure about this - the www.vim.org page gives me a "Connection reset" right now - but I remember it doing this). So, basically Nexus/Artifactory for deb. Cool. IMO drop the gifs, especially the "mind blown" one. They're very annoying to watch while reading the documentation. That it's going to be an uphill battle is an understatement. Someone replied on LWN, when he posted his proposal, that he had implemented a sort of home-grown database using non-UTF8 characters for the file names. Rube Goldberg, indeed! From the friendly article: http://ourincrediblejourney.tumblr.com/ Same here: "If you have multiple modes you can basically reuse the entire keyboard for commands. That's one advantage that is impossible to achieve in non-modal editors. Ctrl-ing, Alt-ing, Shift-ing stuff just isn't the same, especially as those commands get more and more complex." You'd be amazed how big that small niche is. Quite a lot of people like .NET development.