give me 2 ounces of whatever he's smoking... seriously ... hole diggers? are you serious?!? this article is like that idea I get just before I wake up or as i'm soaping my ass in the shower and think it's brilliant. Then I think about it for oh ... maybe a few hours and realize I was a big idiot for even beginning to think that I understood the concepts involved. I then usually eat a sandwich Even large producers of content consume more content than they produce. For every blog post I usually view 10-12 sites/articles/posts myself from external sources. This is news? I usually don't plug anything here but this is directly related to my latest weather startup: http://www.OtherWeather.com Better interface and layout than weather.com (less ads), social influence (each forecast is rated and users ranked), Google map mashup, user profile pages and weather widgets/forecast RSS feed. I just launched, and haven't had the time to promote but check us out. digg, reddit and any other socially influenced news site will always "devolve" into the mainstream and people living closer to the edge will always seek out more focused and intellectually stimulating sources for news and discussion. the networks that understand social influence and are brave enough to see where it can take them are the ones who will survive. Not the ones looking to control and guide the process with 'editors'. this is old, boring and obvious news/content. I get clients online monthly with payment processors and live payment gateways and explain it to them a lot clearer and more concise than this article (and they arent web geeks that read 37signals blog). Good rule; If it isn't Auth.net or Verisign it probably sucks. a little late to the game, but it's pretty sad that it's still happening in 2008 Lots of work is done behind the scenes at Apple/Wired to make articles like this happen. I read recently an article in Wired about MS's Channel 9, where the reporter found out that MS had been researching and courting him and Wired for a long time to assure the article was written and published. They had pages of notes and documents relating to the reporter and has staffed peopled to assure everything went smoothly. /Pay no attention to the PR people behind the curtain best two replies ... ever good piece on NPR a couple weeks back about how small independent coffee shops do better when Starbucks comes to town ... a few guys are actually targeting property next door/near to a Starbucks to open coffee shops (and seeing big profits) maybe Y! canned him because he was drinking too many free lattes and twittering at least 18 times a day. /tongue firmly in cheek mmmm correct, I'm sure Y! encourages social participation and a well caffeinated workforce. Our name was based on established (oldish media) competitors and a requirement to have the main search word/term in the URL (not for SEO but rather to avoid the confusion most 2.0 startup names incur) http://www.OtherWeather.com If it benefits the user to enter real information (or plausible) then you won't have problems with bogus data. Example; social network. If however the email is only the key into the site, expect a lot of temp emails (with confirmation) and bogus (without). If the service is free I've seen as much as 25%, lowest being maybe 8%. If it's paid you hope for 1% and dream of 3-5%. We're bootstraping http://www.OtherWeather.com with some help from a silent private investor (very small money). Would take investment if it was presented, but working on marketing/pr now (yes part time grrr). We could do the ol' VC dog and pony show but we're wary of wasting our time when we could be building value of the site (instead of making PowerPoints and buying suits). I've found that college is great for the 'pluggers' in life. Those kids you remember from high school who asked question after boring question and spent hours on their home work while you spent class time hacking your graphing calculator and spent study hall exploring your high school's network. Sure they got better grades than you, but instead of an A on your test you got a B- and worked 10x less to get it. College is also great for the socially motivated who love to party, 'hook up' and generally spend the entire day trying to sleep the previous night's craziness off and plan for the upcoming night debauchery. how does this "how to" apply to anyone else but himself? How about a website where corporations can submit information on unreasonable-sucky users/customers. They could then share that data and deny you service based on your unreasonable expectations (like compatibility with BETA software used by I'd build that. Who wants to bet, that when solar power becomes as cheap or cheaper than fossil, oil prices will magically plummet with some half-assed explanation as to why. Sort of like the reasons prices are increasing now, just in reverse (except no one will care) “It will lead to what’s known as cloud computing, where people keep all their information online and access it from anywhere,” Oh jees not this again. Doesn't this 'grand idea' come up every 5 years or so and just die when people realize they don't want their photos, personal documents and media stored on some corporate servers (where it can be analyzed, and sold to the highest bidder) Oh and with 50% of Americans still on dial up, I don't see this super fast kick ass Internet taking over anytime soon (not when there's money to be made selling small incremental speed bumps over many years similar to how cell service has evolved here) Pretty standard puff/PR piece but the "install under Windows" thing is pretty cool. The most interesting part: "MADD is heading the opposition, .. arguing that the 21 law has saved more than 20,000 lives. Choose Responsibility disputes that figure. Other factors, it says, have also contributed to the decline in deaths, and fatalities among under-age drunk drivers have fallen by only 13%." And those factors are? I'm not saying the 21 law is responsible but what is the debate here? I suspect when you mentioned "Africa" you didn't mean http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa ? SA is pretty modern, stable and has some money (middle income) although it is not free from problems (like any country) You don't value your own company, value is set by the market, and in this case the market said 20 mil. Will it increase or decrease depends on the actions of Xobni and the market. The arguments that the founders "know their potential value" better than us is completely irrelevant. Don't you think MS investigated the company first, it's offerings and it's future before making an offer? I own a startup and think it could be worth billions someday... does that make it so? Does this help? http://www.anddev.org/first_android_hardware_development_boa... I read a while back that Flickr's conversion rate for the "pro" accounts was dismal, as in less than 1%. Sorry no linky to back that memory up but there's no way it's even close to 10%. Facebook could succeed if they figure out the "word of mouth marketing strategy online. Think about it; when you buy something offline, or even online most people ask their friends and family what they bought, and from whom ... and then make their decision based on recommendations. When I pick up new web design work, the #1 vehicle is word of mouth from my already serviced (and hopefully happy) clients recommending me to their friends. If Facebook can use the "Twitter" style of outsourcing questions to your friends, they can tackle this problem of 'focus'. I could ask my FB friends what type of music player they all use, and my responses could have targeted ads based on what they say. FB needs to be careful though becayse as you said, people login to FB to "hang out" and don't think "buy buy buy" first like they do with Google. This is a good point, Facebook has 1 part of the puzzle, Google has the other. Facebook knows "who you are" better than Goog, Goog knows that you want "right now" better than FB. Right on about Need vs. Awareness .... Think of Coca-Cola or McDonald's, or even Budweiser. There are many large companies that use TV/Internet to keep their brand strong. Everyone knows about these brands, there is no direct "need" for any of their products (one could argue against this but I digress), but they need to keep advertising so when you are hungry, or thirsty, or sober you turn to them first. I can't believe someone used Elance as an example of a solution to Ebay's problem. Elance is wrought with it's own issues of underbidding and serious off-shore dominance of almost every available web project. What was once a great way for freelancers to pick up new work, is now just a project farm for offshore companies looking for American work. Don't get me wrong, I've used outsourcing firms myself and have no issues with it, it's just Elance is no longer a reasonable venue for small domestic firms. AJAX, like Flash is a tool. Back in 2002-2004 everyone thought Flash would take over the web. I got resumes/applications from designers who 'only' did Flash and tried to convince me it was the future. Fast forward to today and Flash remains a very important "tool" but only a tool and not the answer to all our woes. AXAX is now just another tool in my virtual toolbelt, one I use from time to time, but not something I'd base my entire site on (hmmm kind of like javascript was in the late 90's early 00's) http://www.OtherWeather.com Social weather forecasting, with a Google Map mashup and some social networking features. Launched in late 07, haven't had time to really promote so it's not deadpool yet. Although I have no users :( Reminds me of the "CSS rounded corner" scripts that replace 1 simple image with 721 lines of CSS. Some people actually need to make a living building websites ...I'll pass. Blog posting doesn't add much to the original story which is here: http://www.aero-news.net/index.cfm?ContentBlockID=fb1b93e6-3... ; This (very un-hacker like) link would be more at home on del.icio.us/popular Notice that most of the site's mentioned hardly have any "content/copy" on the home page. A very un-SEO friendly tactic. Pretty though. The best way to 'learn' a site is simply to lurk ... and lurk .. and lurk some more. Once you understand the community you can speak up and start to contribute. If we define the term "hacking" more broadly even Wikipedia's history is wrong/limited. Hacking to me has always been the process of dissecting something and figuring out how it works. I would imagine there were lots of hackers even before radio came around. I literally 'inhale' Zebra Cakes much to my wife's dismay. I'm skinny as a rail though (I worry more about sugar intake than weight) so feel free to hate me. Good times online indeed, but if you're one of the many Americans caught up in the housing-boom-bust none of that matters when trying to pay your mortgage. Is there a web app that will lower my mortgage payments? Or maybe someone on Twitter that can sell my first home? I keed I keed. When Digg/Reddit and the other social news sites got big a few years back I ditched News.com almost completely because they delivered tech news stories faster. These days with Digg's new larger audience (and less tech focus) I am spending more time at News.com than Digg (Reddit still a regular) Author makes a good point about DRM controlling how we consume content and not about fighting piracy. Kind of reminds me of the "war on drugs". Amazing how the craptacular iTunes is used as an example of a 'good' UI from Apple. Apple makes some great UI's and software, iTunes is not one of them. I wonder is Zappos backs up all this "enthusiasm" for the company with actual money paid. Typically these "fun" organizations expect total commitment from their employees but shy away from actually giving them a tangible 'interest' in the org. One of those 31,000 'scientists' is none other than climate researcher-turned-Spice Girl Geri Halliwell or "Dr. Halliwell" as her friends call her. Hilarious reply Matt, even more curious though is the fact that you got modded down (what no fanboy idol worship for Mr. Maroon people?) Looks kind of like social bait/content text generation for the blogosphere. He's probably hoping to become THE article for Twitter noobs in Google search. Smart move I would say, verbose articles like this appeal to the 'learn from a book' people. I have no doubt once Geri's name was found (and made public) they removed it from the list as it was obviously fake or just plain wrong. My point was mostly humor, but my underlying point was that there is simply no verification as to the qualifications of any scientist, phd or spice girl on this list. There are no "creative spaces" only creative people. Reminds me of the Mac vs. PC creative work argument. Find good people and they won't care if they work in a cool trendy "loft" in San Fran or a boring grey cubicle in a converted strip mall in Idaho. My workspace is exactly the size of two 19" LCD monitors. You can get smartphones free now with 2 year deals, the iphone will be free on sites like wirefly/letstalk next year. I wouldn't say the value of TC is traffic, but more so an introduction to the VC/Tech community. TC posts so much each day that your post will be bumped off the front page in no time. However if just the right person is reading TC or picking up the feed, it can lead to good things for your startup. Also, the posts that really seem to draw comments and the most buzz are all about the titans of the industry (Facebook, Yahoo, Google, MS) They don't exactly need the PR but that's what people love to discuss and rant about. I tend to disagree, an "intelligent news aggregator" adds value to a story (by bringing in more sources) and increases circulation for the source. If you construct your RSS properly you can utilize splogs, and aggregators to expand your reach. Should HN implement some sort of mirror for down/unreliable sites? I'm a big opposer of posting mirrors for everything right off the bat (give credit where credit is due) but the link in this story was a 404 for me. more reflow action: http://gyu.que.jp/sjs2007/clip/M_reflow.wmv and the main page (linked from comments) http://gyu.que.jp/sjs2007/ Could you outline his attempts at finding applicants? Where has he advertised this open position? I find it hard to believe there's nobody in this small town, or a neighboring county/state that is interested. That's a lot of sweaty thumb action to get the map to zoom. I would think some sort of text entry would be quicker for most folks. Pretty and cool though, which I guess is what we expect from Apple products (form over function) ducks I agree 110% and not because Google penalizes new domains, but because Google will go to extreme and unfair measures to protect their (soon to be) monopoly in the paid advertising market. Google whacks paid links because it competes with AdWords. Doesn't get much more complex than that. If you own a company that makes it's money by selling links or providing webmaster an alternative to AdSense/AdWords, prepare to be attacked directly by the Goog. The MS-like backlash will happen with Google, just give it time. Funny article coming from a website which has ads without Google's 'required' nofollow tag. Selling links only spoils relevance because that's what Google bases their rank algorithm on. This is a flaw in Google's logic. Google created the market (both the good side and the bad), and now they want to control it too. Without Google's ranking math there would still be paid links. It shouldn't be 'our' problem that Google's logic if flawed, they should engineer a new solution. If we take your and Google's word on this, that paid links ruin relevance, it just displaces where the money and time is spent. If direct paid links are penalized, it shifts the power and influence to other parties/locations (and all the paid link money directly into Google's pockets) Some of the most pirated games in history have also been some of the most profitable. Consider it a badge of honor that your game is desired by 'pirates'. Pirates talk to less tech savvy people which leads to more game sales. I predict a large market in non TPM motherboards. Wired published a quick oil reserves map the other day: http://www.wired.com/special_multimedia/2008/oilreserves Most interesting find: Canada is #2 in the world with 179 billion barrels. Why are we getting our oil from the middle east? And what % comes from up north? I rely on Toggl for time tracking (which I then use to bill my clients), and Google Docs to maintain my various (and extensive) list of accounts, as well as various documents essential to my business. If I lost either I'd be screwed. I'm not so worried about the Goog, but Toggl (and before that 14Dayz) does worry me a bit. Going from PayPal to Google Checkout is like trading in your GM for a Ford. Both have the same risks and the potential to royaly screw you in the end. Authorize.net - Game, Set, Match. "MS died and stopped being relevent to anything much a long while ago" Is this 2020? It must be the future because MS has not died and is still very relevant. "Now you can buy PCs without an OS," How many non geeks do you know that bought one of these? I know 0. "The operating system is becoming irrelevent" Again this must be 2020 because the OS is still essential to almost 100% of computer users. "IE is nose diving in usage" Any stats to back up this claim? I'm not seeing it, in fact IE7 usage is now higher than Firefox on hundreds of my managed websites. I'm sorry but you live in fantasy tech-geek world where Linux and browser based operating systems are the norm. Do me favor and do some work for real "users" and then re-evaluate your opinions about where MS is and is heading. As a very active social bookmark user I don't need 'help' bookmarking your site, I already have browser plugins, toolbar links and plenty if incentive to bookmark if I find your article/site/page useful. "I can meet their price with little margin, and it's not a big deal, we'll still make money on the up-front but we'll make a lot less than usual on ongoing (not a problem)" Industries with a high enough profit margin that they can still make good money even with discounting heavily are doomed for extinction, and replacement by someone smaller, younger and hungrier. Good luck and enjoy your success while it lasts. OR, the smaller competitor will deliver a much smaller and simpler product for less money and build a solid reputation as a high value low cost provider who's not over pricing their software just because they're working for the "government" which is known to have deep pockets and understand little about what they're buying. Here we are TWO+ years out from Windows 7 and you already have bloggers and various websites bashing it. MS will never win. How about this, just by reading the headline "Windows 7? We already hate it." I chose not to read the article because I knew it would contain useless/troll-like/flame bait. How's that for jumping to conclusions? "you ridiculous MBA-having suit-wearing dumber-than-a-monkey Friends-episode-reject J-Crew-catalog muppetfuckers.... you scum-gobbling weasel-brained magic-eight-ball-flipping clueless fucking nimrods." Funniest thing I've read all week. hm, not working for me, I hit "Send" and nothing .... Maybe this means the start of blog postings like "Why is Twoorl Down?!?!" and "How to Fix Twoorl's Send Problem" For newsletters, ConstantContact.com is THE standard and what I recommend to all my clients. They make sure that ISP's don't block your email, report on bounces, spam reports and provide statistics on opens, click-throughs etc. If your idea needed funding, why did you apply to YC? You could easily get the same kind of money (if not a lot more) by visiting your local bank, talking to friends/family or simply taking out a few credit cards. I funded my beta completely out of pocket and would only consider YC for the connections/PR and immersion into the startup world. The rights to Jar Jar Binks would go for big money today. He's a cult figure now and would go a long way towards selling a product with a little self deprecating humor. Your point is correct but you worded it incorrectly. Design is not about "what's around the content" design IS the content and shouldn't distract from it (like websites from 2001-2004). Design should enhance the content and the functions of the software. Good design is also about layering, which sometimes means rounded corners, gradients and complex imagery. Done right it won't distract the user from the essential functions. Also, I recently designed an interface for a .NET application, first version was Google-ish, sparse design, content front and center, just a logo and some very basic design elements. Client HATED it, wanted shiny buttons, gradients and more "bling". Second version was designed to look exactly like an MS Office online app and the client was in love. Just remember, most design is dictated by the client, whereas your programming functions aren't inspected by the client and you aren't forced to re-code something to add more "bling". Sites like these are like Elance for programmers. They devalue good design and force designers to work for very low rates and compete with each other thereby cannibalizing the industry. Please tell me you didn't just recommend template monster. I can spot a "template" design 1000 miles away. I'd rather have my programmer hack his own design than buy a "design in a can" Print designers know nothing of the web, and are a nuisance to good web designers everywhere. I have clients who routinely consult their "print designer" who in turn gives them the worst advice known to man. As a web designer and user interface expert, when a client asks me for a brochure or business card design I dutifully refer them to a print expert and don't tell them "yeah I can do that" just because I can. Your argument is that teams don't need "20 designers" they need 1-2 to bootstrap the program until is takes off. That's a big difference from "is a designer really necessary?" Same argument but for programming; Do you really need a team of 20 programmers? My conclusion from that argument would not be "are programmers really necessary?" Would you hire a web designer to program your software? "with a little practice even a programmer can produce decent designs if they keep things simple and don't try to get fancy" Yes given time a designer can program an entire software program by keeping things simple and not getting fancy. I'm a designer and have programmed a good deal, however like designs from my programmer, you'd laugh at what I've coded. If I had a nickel for every time a programmer caused a major delay in a project (after the design was in place) I could probably buy a McDonalds franchise. Elance/Outsource your programming for less pretentious clients, it's more profitable. It goes both ways my friend ;) "But once we were in," adds EBK, "it was, like, fuck it." That combined with the bong-hit photo pretty much makes this one of the best Wired articles I've read this year. "The data excluded the two most-feared diseases, HIV/AIDS and syphilis." Which means the infection rate is higher. Not exactly backing their counter-point. "The focus on “teenagers” covers a broad age range, from those who are 14 .. to women of 18 and 19" I wouldn't say that was broad, rather somewhat limited seeing as how 'tweens' are becoming sexually active now. I get the point of the article about how they worded it (disease vs. infection) and the problems with sensationalism but their arguments aren't very convincing. Another link-bait, trashy, speculative article 3 years too early trashing Microsoft and Windows 7. I'd expect this from some random blogger but not Jupiter Research. I'd rather them focus on trashing Vista than spreading this garbage. Did I mention Windows 7 is 3 years away? maybe I'm blind but I don't see anything in this article about a "data gold mine" There is data on ad performance, which was interesting but this article is seriously lacking content on the topic. And while they mentioned the ousting of original YT employees there isn't much data there either. I got to 25 before I bailed .. what does that say about me? 72 questions you got to be kidding me. I pulled that on several CS majors back in my college days. Works every time. Come one, no one sees the humor in this? Geez tough crowd. A story to share: My wife worked for a local Land Rover dealership for a short time a couple years back. I visited one day and saw the computer system they used and was shocked at how ancient and horrible the interface and hardware were. For a dealership selling 80K Range Rovers I thought it was downright crazy that they were using software that looked like it was from the 80's. I realized however after talking to her boss that I couldn't just waltz in there and tell them I'd solve all their problems with my new shiny software app. I needed a connection, several steps up the corporate ladder to have any chance of landing that gig. Which in turn would require years of working within the corporation or at least experience in a related field to give me credibility (and designing/building web 2.0 apps doesn't count) Something so simple to me was in fact tied up by a very traditional model where "who you know" is more important than what you know or what you can deliver. Some uber geek walking in to your industrial fishing plant and offering to re design your software (for a fee of course) is not going to be welcomed with open arms. Pre-existing relationships are very important and still play a major role in where money gets spent (software industry or not). Wow another designer on HN ... and I thought I was the only one. Excellent point, as a designer I work hand-in-hand with a talented programmer for all my projects. He in turn sends UI work to me because he understand his limitations. A touchscreen Jitterbug phone based on Android would be pretty cool. You can make even bigger buttons, text and UI elements than the current model and eliminate almost all unnecessary functions. But but but 37 Signals says it's okay to charge for software !?! I'm confused. /tongue firmly in cheek Sooo what's the story here? Big corporation hires progressive ad agency which in turn makes a racy ad that gets pulled when the corp doesn't like the product ...am I missing something? Oh that's right they mentioned YouTube. I give you, Boston Dynamics BigDog Robot ... aka the Army Mule: http://youtube.com/watch?v=mpBG-nSRcrQ Check out the related video for more gas powered mule fun. very, very good article, most shocking was that the US Air Force is currently the #2 space agency in the world (in funding) my two ideas: iTweet and Twobile amazingly are already taken ... and I'm done "Google still earns 60 percent to 70 percent more on average than Yahoo on every search" That's bad for advertisers, and good for Google. Yahoo! remains a better advertising vehicle for my clients, with 20-30% less CAC. I love my job, but only because a job is required for my lifestyle choice and among the available options, it's the best for me. If I didn't have to pay my two mortgages and put food on the table ... (as Howard Stern would say) I'd rather stay at home and stare at the wall all day (or bitch about Twitter being down) Why does Azuki need funding when the guys behind it are worth 'hundreds of millions' of dollars? They should be running funds themselves. Did anyone watch the video? I'm just saying ;) Twitter thrives on the modern "Cult of Celebrity" idea. The reason Arrington and Scoble have so many followers and love Twitter so much is evidence of this fact. My favorite analogy for these types of personalities would be if one of your friends in high school got a really hot, older girlfriend. Instead of living the high life (we all imagine) and going to older more sophisticated parties he brings his hot GF to your buddies basement to hang with you and your buddies instead. The point being he adores the attention lavished upon him in your basement more than the actual lifestyle that the hotty GF brings. Calacanis is another perfect example of this. How is it good for my client to spend 30% more to acquire a customer? Google champions the fact that their ads produce more $ for them (than comparable products from Y!/MS), which is good only for them and their shareholders. I don't see how the product matters in this regard. It's all about ROI and unless these Goog customers are more apt to buy again and again it's not worth it. As a web worker one of the biggest obstacles is the fact that most people who work 9-5 mon through fri work .. much ... slower ... than ... you do. I will often work in the morning, send a client an email in the afternoon, and then wait, and wait and wait not realizing that the typical 9-5er will wait sometimes 1-2 days to act on a new email because they deal with "office stuff". Often I'm disappointed because I'll close my laptop at 12:00 AM and then get up the next morning at 7:00 and not have any new emails (same problems Steve Pavlina had with sleeping) "Imagine a service from Apple that was free and allowed you to sync multiple Apple products via the Internet" Amazing, now I can snc my iPod with my ... iPod. Which shines the light on the major problem of services like this. I don't want to be tied to 1 vendor for all my services and devices. All-in-one solutions only work when one sacrifices the advantages of mixing and matching the very best service and hardware from other manufactures. Being a startup focused web geek I'm constantly bouncing ideas off of my hacker friends. One of which always responds with statements like "It would be cheaper and a better investment to just buy a Quiznos franchise" or something along those lines. Now he contends mostly that he's looking for free lunch more than anything (oh he's a funny one), but often buying a traditional boring old business makes much more sense than tying to hit the VC tech lottery. Screw logic though, onward towards beta 2! They check with Arrington first, and then based on his expert recommendations implement the best technology/strategy. /lame joke No capital assumes you are doing everything 100% by yourself which is unlikely. Even if you assume you have 3 partners each 'donating' their time for a piece of the action, the 4 of you could probably secure a commercial loan and start a traditional business with a greater chance of success. Also, because I sell my time, I never consider it free. I could see people choosing the Goog for the sheer numbers. There's simply more inventory (impressions). But with clients who have a budget and therefore aren't maxing the inventory, this advantage is lessened. Kind of sad that you have to attract programmers with glass walls, marble floors and shiny objects. Give me a connection to the 'net, nothing else, and I'm there. 11 external links in that one article, at most 2 of which are optional. I see he went to the Steve Gillmor school of article writing. The choice of words is very important and not trivial in the least. Notice how you just said "piracy of a song", when in fact the copying of a song is not "piracy" which equates to robbery aka theft. The words we choose are very important when discussing ideas, just ask the republicans who have used this technique for years to sway the public to their side on various social and political matters (death tx vs. estate tax being one example). Horrible advice from a company who has never lost their ass on a project when the client didn't like their HTML/CSS 'mockup'. For a small project I spend 4-5 hours in Adobe Fireworks, then upon approval (hint: very important if your client doesn't worship you like 37signals) I build the pages out in real HTML/CSS/JS etc. My sketch/mockup step is digital, I don't use dead trees. Alaskamiller is right on, Photoshop is the wrong tool for the job. I live on Cape Cod, not exactly the boonies, less than 2 hours from Boston and have ONE choice for broadband. No FIOS, no DSL, just Comcrap cable (with rising rates every year). They have me by the balls and if they capped my Internet there's nothing I could do. Market Share Q4 2007: Windows Mobile: 12% iPhone OS: 7% With years of past sales of Windows Mobile the overall market share gap between MS and Apple must be huge. Las Vegas Nevada is also another consideration. Get yourself a bank account, 'office space' and it's a done deal. Not exactly pennies, unless you make less than $1 per year. Exactly, see IKEA Even if the IRS comes after your business, you can typically pay them off. Typically IRS agents deal on a very personal level, and the IRS is simply another business (masquerading as a government agency). They'll take money to settle and move on to the next target. On the topic of paying taxes (or not): http://www.amazon.com/America-Freedom-to-Fascism/dp/B000JVSU... There are some (not many) UI designers on HN, like me for example. /shameless plug I would stay away from Elance type sites unless cost is your only factor. 37signals job board will attract the exact opposite candidates as Elance (read: expensive/overpaid) Ever think of hiring local? Attributes to look for would be experience not only in creating the 'web 2.0 look' but also solid experience in eccomerce and application development. Too many designers only know how to make something look good, and fail to consider that you're doing business on the web. Avoid designers who rely on wiz-bang features, even a boring business like portfolio is better than one filled with tons of Flash and AJAX. Speaking of RSS, when is Feedburner going to adjust their dramatically inflated "subscriber" count that is featured prominently on sites like TC? 785K looks good and all, and at least the numbers from site to site are relative, but I'd rather see accurate numbers (not a number akin to 'hits') You get one guess, keep in mind that Arrington authored the post. It's very cool, but is in danger of being killed since Adobe bought Macromedia as there's now overlap between FW and Illustrator. And Adobe is generally pretty evil. Let's hope they keep it around. Every thread on HN about PHP garners one reply which always reads "choose another language/framework blah" Let's give people advice for their problem and specific language and keep the opinions on framework/code to yourself. First paragraph: "A source at a software company that has been working on a native iPhone application tells us the company is getting ready to launch that application on Monday" That sounds pretty definite to me. Maybe because Twitter was down? /thank you folks, I'll be here all week The Sweeds might beg to differ: http://news.zdnet.com/2100-9584_22-195865.html The meat: "However, researchers at the Swedish National Institute for Working Life said they looked at the mobile phone use of 905 people between the age of 20 and 80 who had been diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor and found a link. "A total 85 of these 905 cases were so-called high users of mobile phones, that is they began early to use mobile and/or wireless telephones and used them a lot," the study said. "The study also shows that the rise in risk is noticeable for tumors on the side of the head where the phone was said to be used," it added. Kjell Mild, who led the study, said the figures meant that heavy users of mobile phones, for instance of who make mobile phone calls for 2,000 hours or more in their life, had a 240 percent increased risk for a malignant tumor on the side of the head the phone is used. " I enjoy drinking Coke after a long day's work, not for the caffeine but rather the thirst quenching attributes. I don't drink more than that due to how much sugar/acid it has. Does red wine have sugar/acid? Pure Digital should apply the same logic to their website, which currently uses bloated/time consuming Flash to deliver their product pitch. Click Products>Mino ... wait .... click a feature ... more waiting Their main Product page is an Apple inspired layout/design, why not continue that throughout? Apply gossip in graph form .. nice, not very useful to me though. Call me naive but I'm a bit surprised to hear that a company with $15 million plus allows "weed-talk" around the office. I'm not saying it's wrong or bad or the reason why Twitter has issues, just surprising. Answer: Speculators. Not a lot of meat in that article, cool motorcycle though! Fireworks: vector based, built for websites and web apps. Unfortunately it's from Adobe now too, so you deal with bloat that Macromedia wasn't very fond of. Most interesting stat of the article: "people will buy about 990 million other phones this year, none of which can run iPhone apps." I'm really getting sick of not only the hype surrounding 37 Signals but the "religion" that they shove down our throats and the media just gobbles up. Some people need to work more than 4 days per week, actually need to hire more people and actually need to add features to their software (and can't say "no" to everything) We don't all have cult like religious followers. It's like using Apple as a guide for starting a PC business. Not exactly a formula you can apply to everything. I'm sorry but the words "Google" "AdSense" and the phrase "Don't be evil" mean nothing to me now that I've had years of first hand experience with the Goog. It was cute when they coined it, and we all ate it up like crunch berries but let's get real, Google will protect their market share in advertising at all costs (which gasp sometimes mean being a little evil) USPS combined with customers of all mental capacities regularly means lost packages, and all sort of headaches. Using Amazon.com and Travelocity as examples doesn't exactly apply to companies with much smaller profit margins and less sway over matters out of their control. Those companies are working to dominate a national market and need little advantages like these to one up their competitors. For smaller fish it just doesn't make sense. From my experience in ecommerce/shipping 1 out of 1000 customers will send requests with their order like "Tell USPS to leave the package with my downstairs neighbor (4th door in right doorbell doesn't work so you gotta knock real loud) between 2:15-3:05PM on Sunday, key to the front door is under the third pot in the garden out front, watch out for the homeless guy on the corner" We'll get right on that, thanks for the advice 37signals. Yeah could we get another 37signals post on HN today? Maybe a few more dups too and I'll be complete. "I’ve worked with many web designers in the past who only did abstractions and then handed over pictures to be chopped and implemented by “HTML monkeys”." Are there actually designers who don't have to get their hands dirty with HTML/CSS? I've never met 1 in my 8 years of designing and building sites. Sounds like a nice gig. Is Ric Romero working for the NYT now? Oh wait, this isn't Fark, moving on. Excellent article and thanks for the link. "PR people fear bloggers for the same reason readers like them. And that means there may be a struggle ahead. As this new kind of writing draws readers away from traditional media, we should be prepared for whatever PR mutates into to compensate. When I think how hard PR firms work to score press hits in the traditional media, I can't imagine they'll work any less hard to feed stories to bloggers, if they can figure out how." That is why TC and Google (who both rely on the traditional PR/Media relationship) are so quick to bash concepts like PayPerPost which is basically what Paul is describing above, PPP provides direct access to the bloggers (no smoke and mirrors) The CNET article, and the linked reference: http://www.siliconvalley.com/latestheadlines/ci_9486529?ncli... really don't provide any meat. I agree that my language was a little extreme as nobody is forcing anything down my throat. I also agree with your statements about their success not being very "repeatable". I don't look to superstars or billionaires to find the secrets to success, usually their rise to stardom is very atypical and contains a good deal of luck (along with a lot of concrete factors like determination, skills and timing). I just tend to get annoyed with the self-righteous tone of many of their articles, which is then amplified by the blogosphere (probably more the source of my annoyance than anything 37 posts themselves). I apologize for the troll like post, now back to the NBA finals (go Celtics!) Working for them , a 4 day work week won't pay my two mortgages and won't put food on the table for my two daughters. Some day I hope to be there too, but it's advice I can't take now. Well said, and see my reply below (my tone was a little harsh) If MS had introduced their customers to web apps in the early 00's, they would have both shot themselves in the foot and allowed competitors to have a go at the other foot. By killing NetDocs the average business person stayed ignorant to the possibilities of applications online, therefore extending MS's cash cow several/many years longer. Beyond the IT savvy I don't see anyone using Google Docs or Zoho, and pretty much every client I interact with still relies heavily on MS Office (I have a hard time even recommending OOO as people are so used to their old tools). I'd say MS's strategy is still working quite well. Sending mass email from your own server/IP is a recipe for disaster. Prepare to be blacklisted by all the major ISP's. ConstantContact protects you from that risk and that's why they charge (but not per email as the article states) New features not in the article: Pictures in chat Random signature Custom date formats Hide Unread Counts If you want no hassle, affiliate sites are the way to go as you only generate the sales lead and they do all the rest. Once you find something that works, you just replicate. CJ.com is a good place to start. I'm not sure what you mean by "blogging business" though, you mind elaborating? Social sites where the users generate all the content are good as well, look into scripts like Pligg which are easy to install and customize to suite your niche. How about a $600 laptop for the "rich" world with $200 going towards the production of a low cost laptop for the "poor" world. Would be some good PR for HP/Dell whoever and the cost is still low for the average US/EU consumer. This combined with the news about their new limited broadband service equals some bad PR for TW. Too bad no one cars about the broadband cap ...but mess with their TV's and there will be hell to pay! I can't wait until this country (boomers) breaks it's addiction to the boob tube. Unfortunately I don't see that happening when new innovations like "Live Video" are seeing such huge growth online. No money really in blogging, unless you own a network or are a complete blogging whore/pro like John Chow. AdSense pays shit and if you run any other ad network the Goog will whack your PR and drop you from search results. You're right on about affiliates, I'd combine your idea with my suggestion, start a blog and instead of running AdSense use affiliate links. Remember the more focused your niche is the better. It's 'Craigslist', not Craig's List. /sorry, not trolling, consider this a preemptive troll strike to save you some grief later on. Ric Romero on the case. Instead of looking at it as an Arrington rant, let's discuss the idea of sharing potentially dangerous downtime data with your user base. Are they better off not knowing the details? Or should you drop your pants and share everything because it's the "Don't do Evil" approach to the extreme. That would be like a professional football team taking the advice of all the 'armchair quarterbacks" and then deciding the best course of action for next Sunday. Uh bad idea. You opened a rather large can of worms here, the short answer to your question is that you're kind of late to the game, there are hundreds if not thousands of Digg/Reddit competitors and taking on FriendFeed/Twitter has and IS being done on a daily basis (Plurk etc.) Anyone familiar with Reddit or Digg will tell you they are about as similar as a Ford Taurus and a Honda Accord. They share the same basic function but vary vastly in audience, content and culture. All that being said, if you can build a better mouse trap but all means do it. I'll be waiting on the sidelines cheering you on and sharing my thoughts on what you're doing right and wrong ;) Would like to see data from the US, as the EU is generally much smaller (per nation) and doesn't have the same "open frontiers" mentality the US does. There's a reason we have so many cars (er SUV's) and roads here. As a web designer I personally push myself when designing in Adobe Fireworks by not thinking "how am I going to code this with HTML/CSS". I simply mock it up how I want it and then figure out later the 'how' part. This prevents me from designing more simple basic sites, and keeps my HTML/CSS skills sharp. This is a no-brainer for anyone already involved in jury selection. Simply replace the term 'geeks' with pretty much any other expertise and the article outcome is the same. I'd rather see discussion on how geeks interpret evidence and data differently than non-geeks, or as pierrafar said are geeks more passionate, opinionated etc. This looks awfully like a fake 'viral' video campaign. In fact I'd put money on it. I'm going to have to say I agree with the author, Mozilla should take the moral high ground here and not default to Google but ask the user during install or the first time they use the search box. Not including Live.com seems somewhat petty on their part (or greedy if they have deals with Y! too) Why don't they go the full distance and build their own Amazon affiliate ID into Amazon searches? I'm sure that will help fund their open source browser project even better. /sarcasm I am, it's deceptive and goes against the moral high ground Open Source projects typically take. Call me old fashion but I see an issue with back room deals to generate profit that aren't explicitly outlined to the user. I'd prefer a situation where FF asks you on install which charitable foundation you'd like to donate to, which would then assign the appropriate 'id' to the search box that would effect Google/Yahoo/MS and Amazon searches. Thank You ... seriously, it's promising to see people in this discussion who actually can see beyond the Google/Firefox fog. Providing a choice does not create confusion if the interface is designed correctly. Ever consider that te FF default search choice contributes to those nifty Neilson ratings? DenisM I have to say I think you and I are alone on this. The chorus of "shhh Mozilla is making millions on this" is drumming out logical debate. Great comment, except Google and Mozilla are too busy counting their millions to care. Most popular != best Why is letting the user choose a bad thing? I'll remember this wise and helpful advice when I hit 5 million dollars in revenue. If only we all had these problems. kept reverting back to 9:56 am for me, but I followed Gizmodo and Engadget for the whole thing, alternating browser tabs to cut down on the refreshing. I tuned in but just heard a few geeks talking about what was happening, nothing live, I turned it off. Alternatives to TechCrunch, choose one, be happy: CenterNetworks Mashable! VentureBeat Read/Write Web "Just because you can, doesn't mean you should" ...goes both ways. From the comments: "Privacy is overrated. Most people who worry about privacy are compulsive masturbators who smoke too much dope. The rest are pedophiles." Smart guy, maybe he can tour with Bush/Cheney on the speech circuit. 1024x768 is #1, but the surprising fact is the use 1280 x whatever is now #2 (instead of 800x600) Thank the laptop/LCD boom for that. I mockup up all my designs at 1000 pixels wide. I'll get my car news from AutoBlog thank you very much. It's a win/win situation for Google regardless of what they do. If they ignore and let the fraud happen they get paid more, if they combat it, they look like the "defender of online advertising" and people love them for it. They key is to monitor your AdWords every day, it's all in the numbers. Let's expand the discussion, should Firefox build in affiliate codes for searches at Amazon and Ebay? Surely this would help revenue and according to most here on HN it's still ethical and should be encouraged because Firefox is a 'good cause'. He may be a new user, but already understands the way things work here at HN, anything from 37, PG or Maroon is automatic karma. I think most people that are upset are mad that our little karma formula is so easily diagnosed. Best line from the article after describing the direction Yahoo! is taking: "Well, good luck with that." It's refreshing (if its true) as Google lately hasn't been high on my list of ethical corporations. Anyone with good links for existing (free as in free) Network Monitoring/Health/Stat software? I'm striking out on the Goog. I think we can all agree Twitter probably made some mistakes, however articles like these which attempt to further shame Twitter are absurd and wasteful of all our time. Site is too slow for me to even finish the article (images won't load). Maybe Johan should spend a little less UI critique time and a tad more on web server/site optimization. I'd look into serving ads (using your own system) with affiliate codes built in that target the niche your startup is servicing. Payouts tend to be higher than AdWords, but are based on actions not clicks. From the HN Guidelines: "On-Topic: Anything that good hackers would find interesting. That includes more than hacking and startups." RTFG http://ycombinator.com/newsguidelines.html Awesome rant, however the movement to have the OS 'browser based' is more about the old http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_PC idea than it is about web 2.0/ajax or xml. It's like a movie sequel with different actors and a crappy writer. All that just to say "put your url in your print ads" ?? This is advice I've been giving my clients for over 8 years. Same article, 1 page, no ads http://www.technologyreview.com/printer_friendly_article.asp... From the article: "Five years later, the iTunes Store has sold five billion songs, and Microsoft still doesn’t have an answer." Not quite accurate, the Zune and it's "marketplace" were launched November 19, 2006. It's an answer, not a great one but an answer none the less. They're called "Splogs", and have been dealt with by Google already. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splogs welcome to 2006 Where is the fraud? They bought legitimate keywords and sent the traffic to sites with more ads. It's pretty much the business models of tens of thousands of web properties, just boiled down (no content) and refined (automated on a mass-scale) into something that makes them millions. Search arbitrage based on geographic areas is pretty neat actually ... Let's say you buy the keyword "mortgage" which is low value/high volume because it's broad and doesn't imply intent. You then geo-target your traffic to just people in California, and send that traffic to a page with "california mortgage" ads. Which of course are much higher value as they are more targeted and represent a smaller niche. Profit. It's really quite brilliant. All done using Google's own tools. Agreed, article was weak. I'm actually surprised they (ConnectU) won this case (or Zuck buckled), from the sounds of things a new social network idea was "in the air" at the time and several teams were close to launching something similar. Who's to say ConnectU had an exclusive "right" to this idea? They simply hired a freelance coder aka consultant to hack away and surprise he though it was a good idea and made his own (apparently more popular) version. "Twitter may be a destination for millions of people and a great place for self-indulged "Internet celebrities" to massage their egos as more and more people follow them" Author and Internet celeb Don Reisinger has 1325 followers ... /massage "Permit easy reversal of actions" is kind of a toughy and rare among web apps. Also not quite an interface item as it takes some substantial functionality in the code to accomplish. B- I loved the idle "shoot the Halo guy in the crotch" part, I can't think of how often I've been idling in a game whilst talking to a noob repeatedly shooting a teammate in the crotch in CS:S