Is it people? Abaco (the web browser shipped with Plan 9) already does what you're suggesting, using webfs and an HTML parsing library. It might be possible to replace that parsing library with a version of Webkit or Gecko ported to Plan 9 in order to achieve "modern" web standards support while sticking to 9P and such for the actual network portion of web browsing. Abaco (the browser shipped with Plan 9) has support form most of the HTML4 spec, but lacks support for things like CSS and Javascript (see: http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sources/contrib/fgb/abaco.pdf ). It might be feasible to swap out Abaco's HTML parsers and such with a "modern" rendering engine like Gecko or Webkit while retaining its webfs-based approach to navigating the world wide web. I've always figured the latter explanation - that the picture from our eyes is distorted like that, but the brain corrects the image (it also doesn't hurt that we have two eyes, where as cameras typically don't; I wonder if multi-lens cameras are also subject to that fisheye effect?). > (even if it lacked the self awareness to feel the pain of running on a 386) Now we know the real motivation behind pretty much every sci-fi storyline involving AI revolts. I saw that; it looks incredibly excessive. If the emulator runs as a Java app, is it really not enough to just download a .jar and run it on whatever OS I happen to be running on my workstation? Or are there so many custom dependencies and configuration requirements that such an approach is infeasible? They could probably shave that footprint down considerably if they didn't bloat it with an Ubuntu VM. > You almost make it sound like proprietary per default is or can be broken while open source is not, that's a bridge too far Personally, I figure it might as well be; no way to fix it. I'd rather drive a beater that I know I can fix myself (or take to a local auto shop if I can't) if it breaks down than a high-end sports car that has to be taken to the dealer for something as trivial as an oil change. No software is perfect (beyond a trivial "Hello, world!" exercise); that's why being able to look for and potentially fix flaws is important :) > The disadvantage is that it's not a nix and you loose the whole ecosystem (no Posix). In my opinion, that's probably a good thing; less baggage that has to be maintained for POSIX compatibility. Remember that Unix was originally designed for large, centralized timesharing systems. It has been adapted to the embedded realm throughout the last couple of decades, but starting from scratch to create an OS specifically for the embedded realm is ideal. > may be probably cheeper to use something like a full-blown small computer (like the rasperry-pi) with Linux on it. In some cases. In the case mentioned by the article, however, a Raspberry Pi (for example) would make for a rather large badger collar. IoT is indeed a pretty broad and vague concept right now, but it already does demand very tiny hardware with size constraints dictating available computational capacity. That's where Contiki comes in. > If you used your preferred mail client, it wouldn't be encrypted end to end. Unless you and your recipient use something like GnuPG. I find that surprising; of all the systems we're maintaining (hospital), our AS/400 is the one system that's been pretty much rock solid. I've generally been a fan of IBM's hardware. I switched from Sprint to T-Mobile a week ago. Oh well. He looks much younger - and less bearded - than I'd imagined when reading The Story of Mel countless times. This changes my whole perspective on the story; the character of Mel transitions from a scruffy and disillusioned veteran to something of a youthful and rebellious hotshot. Thanks for the Librazette link and photo; that's awesome. > Requiere truly talent to do a hard-to-understand mess in python, and in that case, is very likely the code was made by a good developer ;) Last I checked, the whole "if it was hard for me to write, it should be hard for others to understand" was still a mockery, not a seriously-interpreted excuse. It ignores the fact that the programmer's future self will eventually need to maintain that code. The developer might have skill, but one who writes unmaintainable messes as anything other than a Perl-golf-style mental exercise probably lacks wisdom. :) And when it comes to a "book for that language", Programming Perl really does take the cake. If you don't enjoy Perl code that looks like a cartoonish string of censored profanities, you could always try including 'use English' in your program, which aliases more descriptive names to all those punctuation-mark special variables. See here: http://perldoc.perl.org/English.html The idea behind Perl being designed akin to a natural language isn't for its ease of learning, per se, but for its ease of expressiveness. English is probably significantly harder to learn than Python, for example, yet it's likely much easier to write a novel in the former than it is to write one in the latter. I hope so, too. Whatever the case, I've noticed far better reception with T-Mobile than I've ever had with Sprint (and this is way up in the Sierras, up near Tahoe; good cell reception is pretty much unheard of up here), plus I'm paying $20 less than what I was for Sprint even with the phone payments factored in, so I'm pretty happy with the switch, too. Haven't tried international roaming (I've never left the continental U.S.), but having that available makes me less nervous about being able to get in touch with someone if I'm abroad. I'll take this to mean that we should just fire our CEO and not have to worry about problems ever again. ;) rimshot It's like a doctor saying that he can't stop my kidneys from spontaneously dissolving within my body because human anatomy is "too complex". I wouldn't be nearly as averse to mass surveillance if the folks conducting it and holding my personal data didn't have the mental capacity of a goddamn pineapple. Depends on the jurisdiction. The site is based in Canada (at least according to the TLD), which doesn't classify it as a controlled substance. The U.S., however, does classify it as such and therefore disallows importation unless you have a prescription. Interestingly, adrafinil is completely unregulated in the U.S. (IIRC), and is sufficiently-closely related to modafinil that it basically has the same effects. By that same logic, though, teachers are then protected from being fired for reading from the Bible, or teaching creationism, or teaching abstinence-only birth control, or covering a topic like vaccination or astrophysics in any way other than demonization. Tenure isn't the appropriate approach here. Enforcing Constitutional law - like separation of church and state - is far more useful to actually achieve the desired results. If teachers are being fired for teaching actual fact, then they need to be bringing that to the legal system and turn it into a Supreme Court case. This whole "it protects secular teachers" argument is a silly justification for the negative impact California's tenure-fetish has had on students and younger teachers. That's true; he's probably a proto-scruffy-bearded hacker in that photo. I'd be interested to see him 10 years later; he'd probably put Thompson and Ritchie to shame in terms of beard mass. ;) I think you're mixing up my points. The Constitutional concern doesn't lie with tenure itself; enforcement of the Constitution would replace this rather far-fetched excuse for maintaining tenure as some holy trait. The legal system already exists to help teachers in cases where they're punished for teaching science instead of religion in government-funded institutions, since doing so already runs afoul of the establishment clause; a tenure system doesn't really add much, and (in my own observations at least) only seems to benefit veteran teachers at the expense of students and newer teachers. If it's unofficial, then there's not much to be worried about. Do your job and you'll be fine. I honestly don't think tenure is more effective than actual legal enforcement, namely because tenure isn't really effective for that purpose at all , especially when we're considering that the older teachers - the ones who benefit from tenure - are the ones who are probably in support of such pressure, which is more likely directed at the younger teachers, relatively fresh from college, who want their students to learn about the proper science they learned about in school but are afraid to do so when their paychecks are on the line. Since when was Belmont (in the Bay Area) part of the "valley"? Unless you're talking about something other than the Central Valley, that is... I grew up in NorCal, too; that was the opposite impression I got. Most of the teachers I had were relatively young, and hadn't been teaching for a very long time; my conversations with them - especially in high school - frequently included mentions of how often they'd be pink-slipped because the teachers' union - dominated by veteran, tenured teachers - would elect for pay raises instead of hiring more teachers. This meant growing class sizes, and the veteran teachers knew it . We were certainly taught about the environment, how biodiversity is a good thing, etc., but I was hard-pressed to find a teacher that actually agreed with the teachers' union, and unions in general were typically portrayed in a neutral light at best. Indeed; modafinil has quite a few side effects, at least according to a quick Wikipedia check ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Modafinil#Adverse_effects ) (and while Wikipedia isn't the most reliable source, at least they bothered to cite their claims, so I'm more likely to trust that then some unfinished marketing site). I hate stacked charts, period. I would much prefer a line graph - and with absolute values rather than percentages. > And Windows? http://code.google.com/p/zfs-win/ Beggars can't be choosers ;) Windows is notorious for supporting fewer filesystems than its Unix-like peers; I'm not sure why you seem surprised that ZFS would be an exception. It's the best that's available for it right now; if that's not helpful, I'm not really sure what is. That is, unless you were expecting me to write a Windows ZFS driver with read/write capabilities myself and provide a link to that ;) Huh; that's actually a better deal in many cases than my existing virtual servers. Thanks for that recommendation; I'll keep my eye on that. That's pretty awesome. Memristors are very promising for creating fast, high-density, non-volatile storage, and it's good to see that HP's seeing that in the midst of the solid-state flash memory craze and working on commercial applications for them. What's also awesome is that - according to the article - HP plans on open-sourcing its custom "Machine OS"; rather refreshing coming from a company that's traditionally released its own operating systems under non-free licenses. I'm not normally a fan of HP (aside from their printers), but seeing them go after this kind of stuff is certainly exciting. And this is all especially true if we start seeing memristor arrays replacing flash chips in mobile devices; at that point, the few GB it would take to store a worldwide transportation map would be pocket change. Hell, in most of my documents I'm hard-pressed to find a use for more than 5 packages, let alone 50. My résumé isn't using any packages at all right now; it's just using vanilla LaTeX, since I think that looks nice enough and it's easy enough to manage. Never heard about Deezer before. Sounds like a good deal, but apparently it's not available in the United States, and I really don't feel like fiddling with proxies in order to bypass that. Interesting. While I'm finding albums and artists to be a bit scarce, the ones I've been testing (so far Barenaked Ladies and the Crash Test Dummies) haven't had that issue of only some songs being free. I like the idea, but it seems to be poorly executed with the absolutely-dismal selection of Prime-eligible music. Good albums missing, good songs missing, even entire artists missing (even ones that were at one point pretty mainstream; Sublime, for example). Amusingly, when searching for "Let It Go", I ended up with virtually every song titled "Let It Go" that's not sung by Idina Menzel (speaking of which, the only Idina Menzel songs available are from Glee, and there are a whole two of them that are actually sung by Idina Menzel). Disney's probably to blame for that one, but still. I'm sure this is would be pretty cool, but I can't help but instinctively close it because the layout, colors, etc. look so much like that of a turn-of-the-millennium site to buy fake "male enhancement" pills from some guy's basement in Kazakhstan. Is it ever a good time to buy a house in San Francisco? It's cheaper to buy a house in Sacramento instead and pay for the gas and/or transit fares required to commute. Well considering that's around $16.7 million, I'm not surprised. What's more amusing is that the auction is "cash only". Are there non-plastic alternatives on the books? I'm all for protecting nature, but these microbeads are useful as an abrasive element (meaning more thorough cleaning). Maybe sterilized sand? *person Nah, I'd rather he not be hanging out on my eventual lunar real estate ;) And they say CPU mining isn't profitable. :) I can't wait until someone builds a working ManHack. Only a matter of time at this rate. Ah, missed that. Pretty cool. It was a serious question, and it received many excellent answers. Yours was not among them. Abrasive elements are commonplace in soaps for auto shops and other places where most conventional soaps have a hard time with the gunk accumulated from automotive grease and such. The particulates help to actually scrape off that gunk (in a manner that doesn't cause skin injuries), rather than rely on the hope that soap's chemical properties alone will suffice. > most proponents of reclassification haven't thought through all the implications of that proposal Sure, but that assumes that all those implications are actually relevant. > but how does he explain the fact that VOIP services are required to contribute to USF? Isn't VOIP just content too? Not quite. If that VoIP service an actual phone number (i.e. one that could be called from within a traditional "copper" phone network), then (from what I understand) it acts as a provider of a phone network. Both Skype and Google Voice offer that functionality, so they're subject to USF fees. IANAL, so that should be taken with a grain of salt; that's just my understanding of that particular corner case. Huge plus for me :) I already live in a place with sub-freezing temperatures half the year or more. Absolutely love it. Speak for yourself; that sounds quite lovely. What's the definition of "ordinary PC" being used? Not finding an answer to that in the article, which makes it difficult to get an idea of what the researchers are comparing this thing to. So is that a brand-new Dell XPS machine? Is that my aging-not-too-well Compaq Presario 1210 with a Pentium? Is that a Macbook Air? Is that one of Oracle's $200,000 M-series servers? Is that some beige-box piece of junk that the researchers found in their neighbor's backyard? The category "personal computers which do not exploit quantum-mechanical principles of computation" is so mind-bogglingly vast that such a description alone is hardly useful. If your goal is to use Linux for audio production (or some other use case where JACK would be necessary), it helps to use a distro like Musix or Ubuntu Studio that already takes care of that "get running" part for you. JACK is pretty complex, but infinitely useful; one of those things I end up installing long before I decide I actually need it. Plus there's that NeverWet stuff Rustoleum sells now; according to their marketing materials, it actually qualifies as superhydrophobic (i.e. in the same ballpark as the article's leaf): http://www.neverwet.com/product-characteristics.php > Or that operating systems should be built specifically to suppport java installation? Not even "specifically"; these updating woes rarely exist on platforms where you have a proper package manager (be it APT or YUM or Zypper or Pacman or Homebrew or whatever). Software devs shouldn't have to worry about writing updaters, since updating should be handled by the OS. > I'm not sure why every language needs to be useful as a scripting tool. "Easy things should be easy, and hard things should be possible." -- Larry Wall One of the reasons why I switched from Java to Perl. I didn't feel that easy things were easy in Java, and I don't run into enough hard problems on a daily basis to justify the verbosity and masochism involved. Yep; I'd rather just have Perl5 on Parrot than have to relearn Perl. Not to mention that the O'Reilly book for Perl6+Parrot doesn't have a parrot, or even a camel. Deal-breaker right there ;) I'm not tired of it at all. Programming ain't free, and if anyone could use some funding, it's them. I mean, it's not like Apple's going out of their way to make Aqua work on non-OSX unixen, or systemd's going out of its way to work on non-Linux unixen. Just like how those rely on features of their host platforms, LibreSSL currently relies heavily on OpenBSD-specific security features in the kernel and userland, and it'll take quite a bit more effort to port that to other platforms in a secure and correct way. Now granted, I'm an OpenBSD user, so my opinion on this is biased. However, it's the same opinion that many Linux-specific or BSD-specific or OSX-specific or Solaris-specific or Windows-specific or VMS-specific or MULTICS-specific or what-have-you-specific projects seem to already have: focus on your primary target(s), then help with porting efforts to secondary targets when it works well on the primaries. Android already uses the OpenBSD libc (IIRC), so it's not inconceivable that they'll eventually do the same thing with libssl and switch to the OpenBSD implementation. What's great about this, though, is that Google's contributions are potentially helpful in LibreSSL's eventual cross-platform porting efforts; their willingness to adopt the ISC license for their contributions is already a promising sign of that collaborative potential. At least it's not Comic Sans as the OpenBSD/LibreSSL folks opted for ;) Amen. IDEs tend to be far too heavy for me, and simple text editors are my preference because of that. That said, Geany is worth mentioning. Not very fancy or feature-rich, but it gets the job done without feeling like I'm teaching a sumo wrestler to ride a skateboard. "It's like WINE, but it runs in your browser and at a whole 1/10 native speed!" The site mentioned in the article (alyxandria.org) is flagged by my company's filter/proxy (IronPort) as being a potential malware site because "IP address is either verified as a bot or has misconfigured DNS." Perhaps this accreditation organization should check its DNS records? It says in the second sentence of the announcement that it was a "20 percent project" - basically, it was started by one or more Google engineers as a side project and developed into a full-fledged attempt to create a Google-based social networking site. I'm hopeful for that, too. Many of the qualms with the preliminary libressl ports revolve around (IIRC) the lack of exploit mitigation features in the operating systems being ported to; perhaps a proper port would be yet another encouragement for those features to be implemented in non-OpenBSD unixen (given that - from what I understand - both FreeBSD and Linux already have the code to support those features, and just need them to be enabled)? That's unfortunate. I try to keep my code (no matter what language, Perl included) as readable and tidy as possible for the sake of those reading the code in the future (myself included). While creatively stringing an incomprehensible stream of punctuation marks into a usable program is fun, I'm with you in agreeing that such coding styles should be avoided in anything that's not a one-off mental exercise. That said, too much verbosity can introduce the same problem of unreadability by making important things harder to identify. There's an important balance between verbosity and terseness that should always be considered. It's also a couple of months old. Give it a year's time (or half that, even) and that possibility of a proper non-OpenBSD *nix port will be that much more likely. They tend to go hand-in-hand, though. We need to start working toward a generic plugin for word replacement so that I can merge this with my existing s/cloud/butt and s/keyboard/leopard substitutions. It's still pretty tied to Google; the routine reminders to "sign in with your Google account!" are one aspect of that. That said, it's still pretty open as well, and being FOSS, it's certainly doable for there to be a fork (if there isn't one already) that strips out everything Google-related. But I already have "cloud" mapped to "butt". I'm conflicted now. > Not sure what I would do with such a typeface! WHAT DO YOU MEAN? WHO DOESN'T LOVE ALLCAPS? I DON'T NEED NUMBERS, EITHER. X EQUALS FIVE MILLION ONE HUNDRED EIGHTY SEVEN THOUSAND TWO HUNDRED NINETY NINE POINT ONE FIVE FIVE SIX THREE. SEE? IT'S LIKE I'M WRITING IN COBOL. THIS IS FUN. That's actually a surprisingly-good-looking font. > And partway through the meeting, a shareholder puts simply: "I do not understand video games and I even feel angry because, at Nintendo’s shareholders’ meetings, the shareholders always discuss things relating to video games or such childish topics as 'what the future of video games should be,'..." You're a shareholder of a video game company, and you're wondering why they're talking about video games? Seriously ? It's the least they can do after that show was so rudely cancelled. Looks nice (and this is coming from someone who's pretty weary of the "hey let's put the whole world on npm" attitude). Seems to be a pretty decently-thought-out structure; after converting to YAML (my preference), it's pretty straightforward to work with. Some comments: - I found it a bit odd that 'resume init' only prompted for firstName and personal email; a more complete wizard would be useful. I suppose it wouldn't be hard to create a third-party "JSON resume generator" app with a nice friendly pretty interface for this (it is just JSON, after all). - As mentioned in other comments, the "firstName" and "lastName" fields make excessive assumptions about the user's native/preferred naming convention. - The schema only provides for a "blog" element in the "websites" array. More options would be appreciated, since not every personal website is a blog. Alternately (if the intent is really for only one website entry), providing a scalar/string "website" element would be more to-the-point. - As someone who prefers YAML (it looks so much nicer), built-in support for YAML JSON conversion would be awesome for me (i.e. be able to export to / import from YAML). For now I'm fine with using yaml2json/json2yaml, but such import/export functionality would be awesome. Perhaps a command-line switch for exporting (i.e. "resume init --yaml")? Alternately... - On the above note, would it be possible to make "resume init" output to STDOUT instead of directly to a file? That way, it would be simple to run "resume init | json2yaml > resume.yaml" (for example). Same here. And even if that amount of commenting isn't necessary, I'll take excessive commenting over insufficient commenting any day. badum TSSH No, I'm thinking of Chromium. I use Chromium rather regularly. Last I checked, the various prompts for me to log in with my Google account when starting up a fresh install of Chromium aren't my hallucinations. In those cases, the elements of the full name of the country in question are each common nouns rather than proper nouns. Thus, " The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics" is more useful/appropriate than "Union of Soviet Socialist Republics" because without the "The", it's not clear that the name describes a unique entity rather than a generic union of soviets. The issue, though, is when restaurants, grocers, etc. mistake a legitimate medical condition with a trendy fad diet and not take one's gluten-free requirements seriously (e.g. not paying attention to sources of gluten cross-contamination, or not paying attention to which ingredients actually have gluten). They should be erring on the safe side and assuming that all requests for gluten-free are due to a medical condition requiring it, but when the number of gluten-free fad dieters vastly exceeds the number of people who actually need a gluten-free diet, the likelihood of safe-side erring decreases without some other reason (like stronger requirements for "gluten-free" foods, including both ingredient and preparation standards). That's because "the food industry" is a ridiculously-nebulous term, kind of like "terrorism". It's vague to the point of being misleading, since it ends up including big and small players alike without further qualification (and at that point, you might as well be picking a more descriptive term). It is a true statement, though. Water does have chemicals in it. So does your totally-organic no-sugar-added Chia Cherry Lime Naked smoothie (one of which I just drank, actually; they're quite yummy, albeit a bit overpriced). So does literally everything anyone has ever come in contact with. The whole world is chemicals. This whole "chemical free" mantra should be nonsensical to anyone who has even cursory understanding of chemistry. What's even more amusing about that remark is that - as of MINIX3, at least - MINIX has in fact adopted the NetBSD userland. I was agreeing with - and expanding upon - your comment. :) It's incredibly satisfying to do that repeatedly, nesting Firefox inside Firefox inside Firefox and so on until you can't paste a URL in anymore. Interestingly, though, the new menu introduced with Australis doesn't appear to be functional unless it's in the top-level window; the menu buttons in nested windows don't seem to do anything. Next step: kernel programming in Javascript. I've generally found the opposite to be true; Chrome/Chromium have lately been slow as heck and buggy for me on the majority of the computers I've used, whereas Firefox has been less so (but still slow as heck and buggy). Really, every browser is slow as heck and buggy, so to each his own ;) Transparency is a dependency of trust. The "well-funded proprietary counterparts" are non-transparent (per the definition of "proprietary software"), and therefore are untrustworthy. > First of all, what is that shiny gold motherboard [0] on the front page? It's the ASUS Z87 Deluxe ( http://www.asus.com/Motherboards/Z87DELUXE/ ) Quick nitpick: all the links on the bottom (with the exception of the "Code by Shawn" link) appear to be non-operational. A rather dark one if "PINBALL GAME" could be interpreted as describing the expected outcome of a lunar landing ;) I've seen a couple lists that include argument from fallacy [0] or some derivative thereof, which I love to refer to when folks try and use the presence of logical fallacies alone to discredit or otherwise reject a conclusion that might be otherwise valid (often in ignorance of other, non-fallacious arguments). I remember in high school when we were learning about logical fallacies in an English course and subsequently had a class debate about some subject (don't remember what it was). I was one of the two judges, and the teacher assigned two more students to "watch out for logical fallacies". The entire debate devolved into half-baked accusations of logical fallacy ( especially accusations of false analogies for literally every analogy presented, regardless of whether or not the analogy was actually valid). It was at that point I figured out that sitting on one's haunches and whining that every argument is a logical fallacy does not an argument make. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Argument_from_fallacy COBOLScript. What could go wrong? > It's not the first MSFT source base hosted on GitHub It is , however, the only repo under the "Microsoft" GitHub user AFAICT ( https://github.com/Microsoft ). > and the only two ways to turn it off involve going into about:config, which most people don't even know exists. There's a third way according to the feature's development documentation [0]: uncheck "Options"/"Preferences" -> "Security" -> "Block reported attack sites". [0]: https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Features/Application_Reput... It's also checked against a remote one unless you either disable the feature entirely or set "browser.safebrowsing.appRepURL" in about:config to an empty string. I love how the article's closing remark is about releasing source-code, yet the entire rest of the article talks about a closed-source and proprietary program. ;) Pretty cool idea, though. I reckon this is doable with something like mitmproxy[0], which is open-source, and it would certainly be interesting to poke around in some of these hidden APIs. > Take an example: How many of you have Apple laptops? Is the operating system open for you? No, but what was it originally built on? The BSD operating system which was open source. But BSD was licensed under its own license which didn't require derivative works to be open, so Apple could take it, modify it, add their own stuff and keep it completely for themselves. Apparently this guy doesn't realize that a good chunk of OS X actually did continue to be released under FOSS licenses. It's basically Darwin[0] (which in turn contains XNU[1]), plus some closed-source userland stuff and libraries in order to make it pretty. [0]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Darwin_%28operating_system%29 [1]: http://osxbook.com/book/bonus/ancient/whatismacosx/arch_xnu.... You can't have a full-blown Mac OS, true, but you can have a pretty good chunk of it. It's enough to be a good starting point for entirely-FOSS implementations like PureDarwin. Basically, from the open-source components alone, you have a kernel (XNU), userland (based on FreeBSD), init system (launchd), print server (CUPS), and X11 support, among various other things. One of the key missing pieces is Cocoa, along with the other miscellaneous pieces accompanying it in the transition from NeXTSTEP/OpenStep to OS X. However, much of it is implemented already by GNUStep, and while GNUStep isn't advertised as being binary-compatible with Cocoa, it is advertised as being source -compatible, and therefore still useful (with XNU and the BSD-based userland, I wouldn't be surprised if binary-compatibility could be achieved, but I don't think the GNU devs are prioritizing that right now). The other significant missing piece is Aqua/Quartz. Quartz is replaceable with X11 or Wayland, and Aqua can likely be replaced by X11 WMs / Wayland compositors with good theme support. Given the sheer number of Aqua lookalike themes floating around for the major DEs/WMs, that's probably not a big problem (not to mention DEs like Étoilé that are designed specifically to mimic OS X; Étoilé in particular is designed to integrate well with GNUStep). > between the Intel cards I've always been using That's probably a big part of the issue; my experience with Intel wireless on Linux hasn't been as great as with, say, Atheros chipsets. Plus, NetworkManager. Good God is that terrible. To put it in perspective: on one of my laptops (a PowerBook G4 running OpenBSD), I basically run the following by hand to connect to a wireless network: sudo ifconfig bwi0 nwid $MY_SSID sudo ifconfig wpa sudo ifconfig wpakey $MY_WPA_KEY sudo dhclient bwi0 Even that - on a crappy Broadcom wireless NIC, no less - is faster and more reliable than NetworkManager connecting with a good Atheros card. It's for this reason that I love openSUSE - or, more specifically, YaST. Thanks to YaST, you don't have to worry about all the crap that goes with getting a service to run and be configured properly. I have a good number of servers and desktops running openSUSE, and only once have I had to manually edit a configuration file (in order to work around some obscure DBus glitch on a coworker's personal desktop); everything else has been manageable with YaST alone. That's strange, since GNU/Linux and OS X both (last I checked) use CUPS for printing. That said, it really depends on what printer(s) you buy. I've had wonderful experiences with HP printers, and tend to recommend them. Brother, Konica Minolta, and Epson printers work reasonably well with some tinkering and research in my experience. Canon? Godspeed ;) Depends on the programs you use, and whether or not you're running a full DE or a bare WM. Most programs use Ctrl+X/C/V, Shift+Delete/Shift+Insert/Control+Insert, and/or highlight/middle-click in various unpredictable combinations. I've found this to be less of a problem in modern desktop environments (especially KDE, in my experience), since most DEs nowadays feature their own clipboard/buffer management. The sluggishness, in my experience, depends on several factors: * Which toolkit is used (if any). Tk-based apps seem to be very quick, since Tk is pretty spartan and basic. GTK-based apps are okay. QT apps aren't quite as OK. Pure-X apps are zippy, but they're ugly as heck. * Which WM/DE you're using. GNOME3 and its relatives (Cinnamon, Unity?) are sluggish as heck. KDE and GNOME2/MATE are much more tolerable, with or without desktop effects. (Open|Black|Flux)box are zippy, as are cwm, Emerillon, WindowManager, and virtually all of the tiling WMs. Enlightenment is zippy sometimes, but I don't think I've ever managed to get it to run without crashing back to a login screen within 5 minutes of use. One curious thing I've noticed is that system resources have absolutely no bearing on UI zippiness. Whether I'm on a PowerBook with 512MB of RAM or a gaming rig with some Intel Core i9-867-5309-Quakemaster-Ludicrous-Gibs-Edition-whatever and terabytes of RAM with some NVidia GeFarce GTXXX 5-million-CUDA-core 8GB SLI monstrosity of a video card with hardware-accelerated 3D grass rendering, GNOME will always act like it's running on a God-damn ENIAC. That 98% figure is caused primarily by users disabling the default-enabled restrictions on third-party non-Play-Store apps, and particularly in the pirated app space. Also, s/week/weak/ I feel dirty for having read such blasphemy. :P Having read the various slides on why libressl is deemed necessary, it makes quite a bit of sense. A large chunk of OpenSSL's API has no business existing in the first place, let alone in a public scope, because said chunk consists mostly of redundant and half-baked implementations of things that exist in the operating system and/or external libraries. OpenSSL took a rather strange approach of "hey, $some_obscure_operating_system doesn't provide $some_critical_system_function, so let's implement it ourselves and activate it for every single platform that OpenSSL is used on regardless of whether or not there's an existing equivalent ". In many cases, these sorts of shenanigans are the source of various bugs or - just as horribly - the reason why so many bugs had been undetectable via stricter memory access requirements and debugging techniques (the latter being what's referred to when the phrase "exploit mitigation countermeasure" is used in the context of OpenSSL). Ted could probably be a bit more helpful by providing a link to the "fucking stupid[ity]" that is OpenSSL's bass-ackwards API, but most of this is already explained in prior announcements about libressl's improvements/development and such, so it's understandable why he didn't feel the need to provide links for context. > Does it comply with HIPPA? If they can't be arsed to spell-check "HIPAA", I'm not entirely convinced that I should be trusting them to maintain HIPAA compliance if I decide to send them drives that potentially contain patient data. That is, unless they're instead shouting about complying with sand crabs, though I'm still concerned in either case. > The easiest way to destroy your hard drive. You mean other than nuking it with DBAN or shred and then taking a hammer to it and/or burning it in a fire? > Same methods, machines and processes used by banks and recommended by the NSA Yeah, because banks and the NSA are obviously bastions of trustworthiness. > Place the sealed box in any UPS dropbox or schedule a free pick-up. This seems to be a rather significant point of potential failure. While I certainly like UPS better than the USPS (or - God forbid - FedEx), I'm not inclined to go with this approach rather than take drives to a local data destruction facility and/or destroy them myself. If you're going to send me a box, it had damn well better be one with a good locking mechanism and some measure of tamper resistance and/or evidence. Even that's not surefire, but it's sure as hell better than "here's a cardboard box; trust us, it's secure enough". The idea's cute and creative, but when it comes to things like EHRs and such that require absolute confidentiality and security to a degree that would make top-notch military agencies and veteran cryptonerds blush, neither "cute" nor "creative" are good selling points. Thanks for the prompt response. > DBAN is not physical destruction, which is what we do. We do it this way because it's the only way to guarantee that your data will disappear, forever. Hence the second part of that comment. I mentioned DBAN (or any means of overwriting with randomness and/or zeroes) because it clears the data and further minimizes opportunities for recovery should a shard (or whole drive) escape before being destroyed. It's just like why your company degausses first; it's an extra level of protection and assurance that the data is gone forever. > Taking a hammer to the drive, disassembling it and burning it might do the trick. We're not here to serve hardcore DIYers, we're here to serve people that need a guaranteed, quick and inexpensive service that does it for them. Throwing drive platters in a fireplace sounds pretty guaranteed, quick, and inexpensive to me. Just costs firewood and a willingness to see pretty colors in your living room :) > Having said that, I'm by now certain that the NSA wording will be changed. Just seeing those words makes people uncomfortable, and after a lot of feedback it seems that it's doing our company a disservice. That's certainly a good idea. If you want to reference a government agency that isn't notorious for doing whatever it can to circumvent data destruction as part of the reason it exists, might I recommend NIST, whose guidelines are the ones that the Department of Defense, HIPAA, etc. use for data retention/destruction requirements? While I'm not necessarily trusting of any government agency on a personal level, there are plenty of hospitals and other medical facilities that follow HIPAA, HITECH, etc. to the letter and will feel better that you're actually paying attention to the requirements HIPAA bases its own from. > You can also schedule a free pickup or drop it off yourself at any of their facilities. That solves the problem of the drop box, yes, but that wasn't what I was talking about. As much as I like UPS, it's not impossible for them to misplace a package during transit, for example, nor is it for a rogue UPS guy to snatch the hard drives during transit and sell them to identity thieves / business competitors / the NSA / etc. That's a huge problem when a drive contains ePHI or trade secrets or something else requiring absolute confidentiality. The hospital I happen to work for right now (and whose data destruction policy I've had a hand in influencing by recommending our recent policy of wiping and destroying drives that may contain ePHI) handles the physical destruction through a local company which gives us a bunch of locked dropboxes (for hard drives and paper documents, both of which frequently contain PHI) and picks them up routinely and frequently, transporting everything themselves. While that degree of service might be out of your current capacity (I haven't the slightest idea what your expansion potential and/or willingness to buy some vans are), I do recommend allowing local businesses to drop off media at your facility directly (or otherwise providing a drop-off location that you control yourself) in order to avoid the potential hassles of damage control that would arise should their hard-drive-in-a-box disappear or be tampered with somewhere between their companies/homes and your own. > In conclusion, thanks for taking the time to detail your pain points. We shouldn't be leaving so many unanswered questions, our messaging should be clearer and leave nothing to doubt. I'll take all of your feedback, along with the rest that I've gotten today, and improve our message and service. Good to hear. I really do like the idea; it just needs these seemingly-little-snags (among others that other folks commented on) worked out, since such snags - no matter how seemingly minor - are often the difference between proper security and potential data leaks. Nice to know you're taking it all to heart and at least interested in making your service as rock-solid as it can possibly be. > The interceptor would be breaking several laws. The interceptor is already breaking a whole bunch of laws regardless. I don't think "oh no, intercepting this hard drive would be illegal! I should find another way to steal this person's data and illegally use it for my own personal gain." is going to even be an afterthought to such an entity, let alone a dealbreaker. > Even if you aside that breaking the law is not a problem for them, there are far easier and less expensive ways to access your data. Like accessing it through your internet connection or breaking into your house. Unless your interceptor happens to be a disgruntled UPS employee who managed to score the route delivering the packages to your facility, in which case he/she has managed to land the easiest data theft opportunity ever. Wait, the site already says you're using UPS for this. Is that a typo (like the HIPAA one I pointed out earlier)? If it's a typo, then I guess there's another stumbling block until you do eventually offer UPS... > data extraction after formatting That's not what DBAN is. In order to recover data from an overwritten drive, you'd need to remove the platters and run them through specialized laboratory equipment - often running upwards of hundreds of thousands of dollars or more - in the hopes of finding residual evidence of the previous data. This isn't even close to surefire with modern hard drives. You're correct about SSDs, and are correct that physical destruction is the only absolute guarantee. However, it's disingenuous to imply that formatting and overwriting are equivalent (that's far from accurate), and for most consumers and even small businesses, they're dealing with a level of security that - per NIST standards - is sufficiently handled with overwriting alone. Do that, and I'll be much more comfortable with the idea of recommending your service, since it helps to alleviate the issues of things being lost/stolen during transit. That would be a viable medical reason, and could probably be exempted with a doctor's note or some other documentation of a medical condition (at least it should be). That's not comparable to deliberately denying otherwise-healthy children the means to stay healthy and not die of horrible and easily preventable diseases. Seems to be down ("The connection to www.aptible.com was interrupted while the page was loading."). Synopsis? > Already removed the NSA wording. It's amazing how many people it spooked. Much obliged. > Offering some sort of en-route layer to our product seems likely. There will always be a weakest link when it comes to data security (proving your social for some, your data being stored in the cloud for others, etc.) and the fact that you're shipping the drive to us is ours. We'll work on making this as much as a non-issue as the business model allows. Fair enough. Being aware of the potential security hazards involved is a vital first step for security assessment in any scenario, so it's good that you're open to that criticism and willing to investigate ways to alleviate it. > The service that your hospital has is exactly what big corporations can afford. We're filling a gap for companies that are not there yet. We're not really a big corporation, though. We're a little hospital in a mountain town with maybe 5,000 people in it, tops. We still shell out the big bucks for data security because we're well aware that it's cheap compared to a HIPAA breach. > Shoot me an email at alex@destroyer.io with your address and I'll send a Destroyer.io sticker your way (if you trust me with your address :). The feedback here has been great, and the goal is to offer a service that makes everyone feel safe, this thread definitely pushes us in that direction. Done. :) > You get lured in [?] with images of the lone hacker building a billion dollar [?] website overnight in his dorm and hear about the excitement of building a new product or even embarking on a new project for a client. > It was thought that business could just hire 75% of their staff offshore for a third of the price and use that as downward price pressure in the domestic market. > Either way you're down a dev and probably not sure why. Corrections are emphasized. It's worth mentioning that - in addition to the ending list of things that programmers/developers/etc. should do to make themselves look professional - proper spelling and grammar is absolutely vital . When writing a commentary about how programmers deserve respect, having spelling/homophone errors detracts from that argument. It does when the "insight" is about respect for programmers and professional conduct. Frequent spelling and grammar errors do not convey a professional, respectable impression. I'm on Windows 7 at the moment using Firefox (is anyone really using Windows XP and reading Hacker News at this point? ;) ). Maybe it's because I'm behind a corporate proxy at the moment; I'll try again at home (on a Linux desktop, also with Firefox). Is this supposed to be a parody of "responsive" Javascript-intensive web design? Because as much as I know Hacker News likes to get off on ridiculously-large pictures and text with fancy scrolling and over-engineered Javascript preloaders for what could have been accomplished perfectly fine with plain HTML and CSS, this is a little much. I like the idea. I really do. I think it's touching that you want to preserve these snippets of your grandfather's memory. That enjoyment is quickly overshadowed by this page demonstrating everything I hate about the current "responsive" "disruptive" "Valley" "mobile" fetish: * It shouldn't take 30 seconds or more to load some pictures and text in an HTML document. Additionally, I shouldn't be sitting there the entire damn time watching some little animation spin around while it struggles to load. * I really don't need an ugly 900pt font in order to read your homepage. While your grandpa might have poor vision that warrants that, I don't. I'd reckon the vast majority of your site's viewers would be fine with your run-of-the-mill 12pt font; people with visual impairment typically have other accessibility tools at their disposal. * I really shouldn't have to scroll down a whole page for every single goddamn sentence on the homepage. * The fancy "hover over this part to bring up a menu" is buggy because it overlaps with the "hover over this part to bring up an arrow" crap. It depends on how you interpret it. I'm treating "spelling and grammar" in this case to be a single object. It's techically wrong in an English language sense, but in a logical sense treating them as a singular is more appropriate, since it's rarely helpful to have one without the other. Alternately: I done goofed :) The full-page photos are fine. I have no issues with them. It's everything else that's annoying. > It tugs the emotions the right way Yes, if the intended emotions were frustration and despair. > I'm not sure it would have achieved this effect with a simple static HTML + CSS page. Maybe not. It might require some use of Javascript to make some fancier animations and such. It could really use some reworking, though, in the sense of using HTML with a side of Javascript and CSS, rather than Javascript with a side of HTML and CSS. The "About" page[0] is much better than the homepage, and with some reworking probably should have been used as the homepage instead. It looks so much cleaner and nicer. Incorporate some of the stuff from the homepage, and maybe one of the photos as a background, and it would be a huge improvement. [0]: http://grandpas-photos.com/grandpas_about.html Perhaps to throw a wrench into U.S. interests there? Being able to provide internal details of Israel's defense systems to anti-Israel factions would make U.S. intervention more necessary, allowing China a little more wiggle-room to do... something. > If you want to have a good time, lots of interesting pubs, cool clubs, great restaurants, frequent and varied meet ups, and a constant stream of level 7 hipsters with some questionably placed facial tatoos walking by, then you should try these neighbourhoods. Any recommendations for neighborhoods that don't have "level 7 hipsters"? ;) I don't see how "You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO" is ambiguous, legally or otherwise. That said, this would probably be better served with an explicit public-domain declaration or equivalent (like the CC0 license). > There's not much preventing me from re-assinging copyright to myself (in countries that allow it) and then suing the original creator. By that logic, public domain is "ambiguous". > There's nothing to stop me from taking your code, re-licensing it under say a proprietary license, then suing the original creator. By that logic, virtually all the "BSD-style" licenses and their ilk are "ambiguous". > There's nothing that stops me from taking your project's branding/symbol/graphics/name and claiming it as my own and then suing you. By that logic, virtually every FOSS license that doesn't extend to branding (e.g. pretty much everything other than the MPL) is "ambiguous". > There's nothing that stops me from taking your work and then not providing attribution back to the original creator. See the public domain remark above. > By default there is nothing that absolves the license holder from warranty nor implied fitness for use. That is true, and would be a worthwhile addition as a default rather than an afterthought. > legally, what does "DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT" actually mean? It means "do what you want". Unless you're claiming that lawyers don't have a strong-enough grasp of the English language to be able to properly interpret extraneous expletives (which wouldn't surprise me to be quite honest...). > Usability is not always the only thing a website should optimize for. Perhaps not, but completely throwing it out the window is generally not a good idea. > This phrase does not have a single, simple definition that is clear and robust. Since this is in the scope of, say, a program's source code, the implicit meaning would be "do what you want [with this code]". Explicitly stating that would help , but it's not really that necessary unless you feel like being needlessly pedantic. Virtually all license agreements are also implicitly bound by jurisdictional laws, so "yet it is okay if i stab you with a knife" would not be a valid interpretation of "do whatever you want" - in a legal sense - unless the agreement is taking place in a jurisdiction in which stabbing someone with a knife is legal. Are there certain bikes that this is compatible with? The photos don't make it look like it would fit on my current bike. Is it just for road bikes, or would it work on a mountain bike as well? Also, has anyone tested this thing out on steep hills? Only if it's aged in rusty oil barrels covered in graffiti. I think the canned varieties of both taste pretty metallic, but especially Pepsi. I've taken to opting for the glass-bottle varieties of both; whether it's the lack of aluminium traces in the soda, the use of sugar instead of high-fructose corn syrup, or me having opportunities to collect bottle caps as if I'm trying to make a living in a post-apocalyptic nuclear wasteland, I've found that to be much more enjoyable for whatever reason. That all said, RC Cola is the superior beverage. ;) Wayland cuts out a lot of the legacy cruft that X11 has accumulated over the decades, and is inherently much simpler; resource overhead is expected to be much lower on Wayland-based systems. It might not be less painful in terms of getting it to work, but it would be less painful in terms of getting it to work in a resource-constrained system like an ARM-powered smartphone. Y Combinator doesn't have any real people, actually; it's entirely managed by a crusty IBM mainframe upgraded until it can run an artificially-intelligent software stack written in Node.js and Ruby and segregated into Docker containers for each "employee". If you telnet into one of their servers on port 1337, you'll be greeted with a flurry of compiled-to-Javascript Haskell interrupted periodically with rants about how Silicon Valley is the Promised Land and that anyone not living in Silicon Valley is a loser. ;) The problem is that the legacy cruft is intertwined in the very architecture of X11 itself. That's what Wayland is intended to correct; it's a redesign to better accommodate things like compositors while not being held back by the need to explicitly support 80's-era graphical terminals and such (though similar functionality should still be possible, since Wayland is - IIRC - network-transparent). Read my favorite book (Richard Preston's The Hot Zone ) while barricading myself in my apartment for awhile and waiting for things to blow over. I noticed that if you click/drag the titlebar of the spyware popup to the top-right corner, you can bring your mouse over the close button; if you then release the mouse and quickly click again, it'll close. Why does Tux have to be so evil-looking in this coloring book? On the docs page, everything looks really big. It's a bit of a nitpick, but I think - in comparison to Picnic at least - it doesn't bode well for the default attractiveness of a site using Min. I really like this, and am considering incorporating it in quite a few sites at this particular moment; so far so good implementation-wise. A huge plus that makes up for the lack of pre-IE9 Internet Explorer support is the fact that this seems to fail gracefully; since it's "invasive", it leaves behind a relatively-normal-looking site should it not load (tested on lynx and Firefox). This makes me less nervous about deploying it on sites where the target demographic is more likely to use old IE versions (like my own hometown, unfortunately...). A couple oddities: * It would be really nice if the hamburger-mode menu pulled its background colors from the non-hamburger-mode menu and/or navbar; that was a bit of a hiccup when trying to change the navigation colors. * I still can't figure out how to change the color of the hamburger icon. Where is that defined so I can override it and match the rest of a page's text? With a dark navbar background, it's kind of hard to see. * The thresholds for hamburger v. non-hamburger seem too low; while my testing in Firefox resulted in proper responsiveness to the window width, the page loads as if it's a desktop site on my phone (HTC One M8, any browser), probably because of the high (1080x1920) screen resolution. I ended up manually editing picnic.css in order to adjust the thresholds accordingly (to 1100px for phones and 1200px for whatever's supposed to be the next one; the narrowest desktop monitor width in somewhat-common use nowadays is 1280, so I don't expect there to be very many issues caused by this...). * Weirdness with font sizes on actual phones (as opposed to resized desktop windows) when font-size is set to 1em (probably a mobile browser quirk, not necessarily something wrong with Picnic); I added a max-width conditional to set these bigger on phone widths (while leaving them at 1em for desktops/laptops, where the screens are bigger and can handle the smaller text). All in all, not bad. It's already likely going to see use in a couple of my own sites. For someone like me who cringes at the thought of trying to wrangle Bootstrap into doing something useful, this is a breath of fresh air. Yeah, forgot the viewport thing. Thanks for that. As for the burgermenu, I'll take a look at that; thanks for the pointer. I'm currently playing with this alongside Pure (which I'm also interested in for many of the same reasons - namely, the lack of JavaScript, the small footprint, and not being some giant clusterfsck like Bootstrap and Groundwork tend to be), and one advantage of Picnic in comparison to that is that the menu actually shrinks down to a burgermenu without the need for Javascript (as far as I can tell; with Pure, that doesn't seem to be the case). The author has earned him/herself a Useless Use of cat (UUOC) award for not realizing that grep can take a filename argument in the example pipeline. Basically, the example can be shortened to the following: grep purple /usr/share/dict words | # Find words containing 'purple' in the system's dictionary awk '{print length($1), $1}' | # Count the letters in each word sort -n | # Sort lines ("${length} ${word}") tail -n 1 | # Take the last line of the input cut -d " " -f 2 | # Take the second part of each line cowsay -f tux # Put the resulting word into Tux's mouth About time. Not that I'm affected at this point, since I've been using OpenSMTPD for awhile now. Because unlike sendmail, CVS hasn't been effectively broken for even one decade, let alone two. Also, because CVS meshes better with their development philosophy (something about the fact that everything's in one repo, and CVS allows checking out portions of a repo, whereas Git only lets you check out the whole repo). Just because it isn't as trendy or hip as Git doesn't mean it's automatically broken or obsolete. Having lived in many such homes... yeah, can confirm. Single-family residences are very generic, with very minor differences in design nowadays, at least in the western half of the States where I am. I have a feeling these architects feeling "discredited" are the ones whose work in the field of single-family homes is very much discreditable. Unless you're going for some fancy one-off custom architectural job for your home, you're buying something that's already pretty cookie-cutter. What dictionary does your definition come from? According to multiple sources[0], the closest match to your definition (American Heritage's "Shameful; disgraceful: a criminal waste of talent.") is typically used in a figurative sense ("that spinach dip is criminally awful"). [0]: https://www.wordnik.com/words/criminal How old a particular standard is doesn't really have that much bearing on whether or not it's a good standard (if it were, then it shouldn't be long before we all switch away from HTTP and SSH for the sake of "innovation"). Nor is age an excuse for introducing a replacement that's locked down to a specific vendor. I'm fine with Google dropping their support for open standards - their services, their rules, and if they don't care about users like me who prefer the open standards, then it's not my place to whine about it when I can instead seek a competitor that does adhere to those standards. However, I'm not fine with such dropping of standards being masqueraded under some lame excuse like "the open standards are too old". 1998 and 1986 are young compared to the majority of the standards which form the backbone of the Internet and World Wide Web themselves. If you're going to try and rationalize Google's actions beyond them wanting to make money via control over their stack, then at least try and find some actual technical reason why XMPP and IMAP are insufficient for their purposes. (I'll concede that IMAP isn't exactly pretty, but it sounds like XMPP at least could have simply been extended if there were features Google needed for Hangouts). I personally never minded Australis, since I've been used to it via Thunderbird (which rolled it out first). That said, it really doesn't affect me that much since I use Tree View Tabs anyway (and I don't use the menu enough to really care beyond having nice big buttons to click on when my morning coffee hasn't kicked in yet). Would there be a point in doing that instead of aligning with, say, DuckDuckGo? They share a primary ideology (an open web that works for everyone), and I imagine much of the Firefox userbase and developerbase (perhaps not a majority, but I'd imagine a significant minority) already uses DDG as their primary search engine. I actually don't disagree with this. Even though I'm a pretty tech-savvy Firefox user (and by "tech-savvy", I mean "seasoned Unix administrator and backend programmer"), "Mozilla" is also a household name among plenty of less-tech-savvy folks; I've seen Firefox (often called "Mozilla" or "Netscape" by its users, amusingly enough) everywhere from the most high-tech web development shops to computers owned/operated by seniors and running Windows XP and dial-up internet. Chrome hasn't had that level of adoption yet; while it's certainly popular among the tech-savvy, it hasn't trickled into ordinary households quite the same way as Internet Explorer and "Mozillafire Netfox" have. It helps that Firefox has a lot of brand maturity in non-tech circles, whether it's referred to as "Firefox" or by the names of its ancestors. It also helps that Firefox is the default browser on the vast majority of desktop GNU/Linux distributions (which are gaining some popularity now that Windows XP is unsupported and being phased out more aggressively), though this probably isn't as significant of a factor as the existing brand recognition/maturity. Did you mean Yandex? Yahoo! is based in California. I was worried there for a second when the page mentioned Runbook was built on Assembly, at least until I realized that Assembly was some website rather than the programming language we all know and love. Looks interesting, whatever the case. Y'all should throw in jobs.perl.org so that us Perl hackers aren't left out to dry ;) I'm not sure what's more fucked up: the fact that Gogo disallows streaming (of all things) and thus makes their in-flight network effectively useless to the vast majority of users (who, you know, probably want to watch a movie or listen to music while they're careening about in Earth's atmosphere), or the fact that they're using it as an excuse for malicious behavior that doesn't even actually address the problem they've inflicted upon themselves (since blocking access to YouTube can be achieved much easier with, you know, actually blocking access to that particular domain at a network level). > "We can assure customers that no user information is being collected when any of these techniques are being used," [Gogo's CTO] wrote. "They are simply ways of making sure all passengers who want to access the Internet in flight have a good experience." I'm pretty goddamn sure that having my Youtube (and by extension, Google - thus, email) credentials sniffed does not make for "a good experience". Anand Chari can piss off with his terrible excuses. It depends on the user, really. A lot of the reason why it took so long (and indeed, is still taking so long) for Windows XP to go away is because it's what people are used to; people don't like change, especially if they don't think it's for the better. This is especially common among the elderly (where there's less receptiveness to learn new approaches when the old approaches work fine) and in low-income households (where there's less time/energy available to learn new approaches when the old approaches work fine). I've found Windows XP -> openSUSE w/ Xfce to be a relatively-suitable migration path for most users, mostly because of their relative similarities (a clear "Start menu" equivalent (that can even be easily renamed to "Start"), the "Mozillascape Firegator" already being installed and ready-to-go, a somewhat-decent office program that looks similar to Office 2003 already being installed and ready-to-go, etc.). It's also the same reason why Debian and RHEL/CentOS and SUSE are more likely to be found in big enterprises (and/or government/military agencies) than Ubuntu or Fedora or openSUSE or Arch or whatever. Those sorts of users need things to stay consistent. NASA would rather install Debian Stable on the International Space Station and stick with that release (along with perhaps security patches and bugfixes) for half a decade or more than go with Ubuntu and have to biannually retrain its astronauts with every LTS release (and deal with installing the new release on computers that are perpetually falling around Earth at high speeds in the first place). Granted, that's a bit of an exaggeration (Unity isn't that volatile), but I'm willing to bet it factored into NASA's decision to use Debian rather heavily (for example). I definitely second the preference for rolling releases, however, though not nearly at the pace of, say, Arch or Debian Sid. I run Slackware-current on a couple of my desktops, and I'll probably end up switching to the Tumbleweed repos on my openSUSE-running laptop very soon. Having to deal with two different levels of upgrades is annoying, but so is things spontaneously breaking because changes weren't adequately tested; openSUSE Tumbleweed and (interestingly, thanks to Slackware's conservatism when it comes to software versions) Slackware-current seem to be good balances between those two extremes. I've had the opposite experience, typically. At an old job, I was trying to use a Windows 7 workstation for the same tasks as I'd use my GNU/Linux-based home workstations (and the Macbook I'm using at my current job): running VMs with VirtualBox, running local installations of PostgreSQL, etc. Windows was the more painful one, for me at least. Granted, I'm not a fan of OS X by any means; far from it. However, the one redeeming quality is the fact that it's Unix underneath all the buggy Aqua and Finder and Cocoa and such, so at least I'm able to set it up with MacPorts (and/or Homebrew) and get some proper work done with it just like I would on any other Unix-like OS. You can't do that with Windows, at least not easily (and certainly not as painlessly). That said, the presence of virtualization extensions in one's CPU would make a significant positive difference; if the Mac you used lacked VT-x (which could be checked by running "sysctl machdep.cpu.features" and seeing if there's a "VMX" entry somewhere in the output of that), it would certainly explain your difficulties with VMWare and Parallels. It's also worth mentioning that HyperV isn't exactly equivalent to VMWare Fusion or Parallels; it's more equivalent to VMWare ESXi, Xen, or KVM. > So, this kind of list of complaints seems to be really common among folks who don't like Windows. Some times the list varies and wonders from one category of problems to another, but the core theme is still the same: The end user isn't capable of using the computer. Inexperience with a computer doesn't cause ntdll to break. Inexperience with a computer doesn't cause Windows activation to break. Inexperience with a computer doesn't cause shutdowns to take hours instead of seconds. Inexperience with a computer doesn't cause suspend to spontaneously bork. You're blaming inexperience for things that are fixed on pretty much every modern operating system. Yes, those problems are caused by the OS, because it's really the only OS that chronically has those kinds of issues in those quantities. Let's go through and demonstrate exactly why blaming the user for broken software is inaccurate at best: * According to jjoonathan, the ntdll segfaults started happening after an update - something which should be routine. Do you expect users not to update their software? Especially when Windows will happily do the update and reboot automatically (and annoyingly, I might add). * Shutting down isn't that hard, yet somehow Windows pretends that it is. It's rather hilarious to watch Windows take twice as long as, say, openSUSE to do something as basic and fundamental as shutting down. This isn't even including Windows' hilariously-convoluted method of installing system updates; if my laptop's openSUSE installation can install updates without having to drop down into some sort of maintenance mode, why can't Windows (for the record, though, OS X annoyingly has the same problem). I shouldn't have to sit through 100 updates installing when all I want to do is shut off my laptop and continue with my life. * Activation problems with Windows are very common. I've run into them repeatedly with clean installs and multiple Windows versions. I shouldn't have to open a command prompt and type in arcane commands in order to activate Windows so I can customize the homescreen. Hell, I shouldn't have to do something as silly as activating my rightfully-purchased copy of my operating system, period , but that's another story. * Really? You're going to blame Windows' fragility when it comes to power management on the user? These sorts of problems are common with Windows. They aren't common with modern operating systems like GNU/Linux and BSD (and even OS X, no matter how hard Apple tries to mangle it and force it to be as poor of a product as Windows). Yeah, "unbelievably stable" and "Windows" don't belong in the same sentence (except for this one, obviously). You're delusional if you sincerely believe Microsoft's shoddy programming to be the fault of their customers* of all people. I've been using OpenBSD for about a year now. It's still not quite my daily driver (it's running on one of my three main workstations - a PowerBook G4 - but not on my desktop or my other laptop, both of which are still running GNU/Linux - Slackware and openSUSE, specifically and respectively), but it's certainly the OS of choice for my servers. OpenBSD appealed to me as a Linux user for the same reasons why Linux appealed to me as a Windows user. I was tired of bugginess, and just wanted things to work. Unfortunately, I still have the same obstacles migrating to it from Linux as I had migrating to Linux from Windows - namely, hardware support and gaming - that keep it from being my dream OS; however, it's still the OS I like to use when I need to get real work done (just as GNU/Linux was the OS I liked to use when I needed to get work done, back when I was still a Linux/Windows dual-booter so many years ago). Even with those shortcomings, my PowerBook G4 is currently my favorite machine. There are some kinks, to be sure (power management is non-op, so I can't put the laptop to sleep), but with OpenBSD and WindowMaker, it's pretty rock-solid despite its age. The nice thing about OpenBSD is that the devs aren't afraid of breaking backwards-compatibility if needed. They've already solved the 2038 problem as of 5.5, for example; with Linux's policies on backwards-compatibility, that'll be a nightmare to fix on 32-bit Linux systems (and even other BSDs, if I understand correctly). To me, that's awesome; I'll take a minor flag day to clean-reinstall my servers now over a major flag day to hack together some kind of band-aid "fix" later any day, and it's nice to know that, should I setup a server right now, it won't spontaneously vomit all over itself in 20 years or so due to it suddenly thinking it's 1970 again. "it's mostly towards people from the outside who pop in at random and tell OpenBSD folks How Things Should Be Done" See also: Richard Stallman's attempt to troll the OpenBSD mailing list[0] after having been called out[1] about a misunderstanding of the OpenBSD ports tree (and its existence as an index of software that can be built or installed on OpenBSD, free or otherwise). [0]: http://marc.info/?l=openbsd-misc&m=119730630513821&w=2 [1]: http://marc.info/?l=openbsd-misc&m=119725673616073&w=2 > I wanted to try OpenBSD, however the amount of labor required to simply upgrade the system (Google "openbsd upgrading") outweighed all benefits for me at the current point. It's actually not that hard. Even with the 5.4->5.5 upgrade (which broke binary compatibility on my PowerBook), I just needed to fire up the install disk, pick "upgrade" instead of "install", press Enter/Return a few times, and reboot (after which you run "sysmerge" to get your configuration files in order, then tweak $PKG_PATH and run a quick "pkg_add -u" in most cases (in mine, I had to save a list of all installed packages, uninstall everything, then reinstall from that list, but that was only slightly more tedious), similar to FreeBSD from what I understand). It's only "hard" if you're trying to upgrade without booting into the install kernel first; not being recommended aside, even this isn't particularly difficult if you follow the upgrade guides, though perhaps it's a bit tedious, and just involves doing manually what the installer does for you automatically. > Also, FreeBSD has pkg, which is a neat binary package manager - which is important on a desktop/laptop - and it looks like OpenBSD still uses the old, manual pkg_add way. A pkg_add command is still involved, but it doesn't seem to be much different from most package managers; it still downloads binaries, checks dependencies, and does all the other nifty things that most modern package managers do. It ain't zypper or nix, but it does its job well enough. Granted, I don't have all that much experience with pkg, so perhaps pkg_add is indeed primitive in comparison (it's certainly pretty spartan, to say the least). It's a step up from dealing with the ports tree directly, though, so there's that :) > Maybe I'll try it on the third laptop, curiosity grows bigger every day for sure. You definitely should. [0]: http://www.openbsd.org/faq/upgrade56.html > It's now an exercise to the user to figure out how to remove all the files leftover from the old OpenBSD release. No it's not. The upgrade guides for each release literally tell you exactly which files should be cleaned up, which packages are now part of base, which parts of base are now packages, etc. OpenBSD has a good reputation for having complete and thorough documentation on every last detail of its operation, and system upgrades are no exception. I haven't benchmarked anything, but at least for PostgreSQL and nginx, I've found OpenBSD's performance to be right on par with what I've come to expect from GNU/Linux servers; nothing feels particularly slow. As for VPS providers, I've heard good things about 1984[0], though I haven't used them myself (yet; I'll probably do this pretty soon). I've also used EDIS[1] without any particular problems. Both provide OpenBSD as OS options. [0]: https://www.1984.is/ (in Icelandic, but there's a drop-down to set the language to English). [1]: http://www.edis.at/en/home/ Not to mention that Nvidia cards don't play nicely with non-Linux (or OSX) Unixen in general. If by "OpenSSH" you actually meant "OpenSSL" (I'm a seasoned sysadmin and I still get those mixed up in conversation, so don't worry), then yes, the crowd's response was certainly an example of "shut up and hack": the OpenBSD devs wrote libressl to replace it, cutting out as much of the insecure cruft as they physically could. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. My point is that there are plenty of operating systems out there that don't have these issues. That's a point you're missing (or perhaps deliberately ignoring). It's fine and dandy that you've found ways to work around Windows' awful design, but my point is that you shouldn't have to do so, seeing as there are plenty of operating systems which don't have these problems. My point is that there shouldn't be anything to cause shutdowns to slow down in the first place, because something as elementary and critical as halting execution shouldn't take long at all. My point is that upgrading one's operating system (and all the other software, for that matter) shouldn't be a convoluted ordeal with multiple reboots (and even more shutdown delays) and high risk of seemingly-minor updates breaking things irreparably. My point is that that you shouldn't have to be a MSCE and manually prevent your system from imploding; my point is that your system shouldn't spontaneously implode in the first place. These things are the fault of the operating system when other operating systems have already solved these problems. Blaming users for Microsoft's bastard child of DOS and VMS being poorly designed is, well, misguided, to say the least. I don't particularly like white-knighting Unix, either, but after about a decade and a half of Windows support and administration - in environments ranging from ordinary households to healthcare facilities with hundreds of workstations and almost half as many virtualized servers - it eventually got to the point where I'd rather use something that doesn't require that level of babysitting - something like Unix, for example - and put my time and energy into better things than unclogging my Registry and sitting through 2-hour-long shutdowns due to Windows Update and such. I don't even particularly like GNU/Linux, either, but it's certainly amusing to see someone like you compare it with Windows and call the former , of all things, "esoteric". Windows is the textbook definition of esoteric. And nice ad hominem, by the way, assuming that the Dunning-Kruger effect is in play right now. System Restore's been a toss-up for me. Sometimes it's worked wonderfully. Other times, it makes the problem worse. Still other times, it just doesn't help, or something caused the restore points to be nuked (sometimes that something is the user him/herself). I've been experimenting with NixOS lately, which has some very nice features along the lines of System Restore done right; being able to roll back any change to system configuration is pretty awesome. That is incredibly beautiful. I've personally found the Chromecast to be a little underpowered in a lot of circumstances, particularly when it comes to mirroring a tab with a video playing. I ended up ordering one of those Fire TV sticks because Gary Busey told me to, and because it has way better specs; still waiting for it to arrive, but a couple of family members have already tried it out with a lot of success, and I imagine it'll go well with the Fire HDX my grandma got for Christmas. Meanwhile, this Intel stick looks even better. Between this and the announcement of a new NUC with an i7, it looks like I'll be saving up for a couple more Intel-powered Linux devices this year. But yeah, the Chromecast is still handy sometimes, and it does do some things well (like YouTube and Pandora). It's just not always the best fit for everyone. I've been a long-time user of WinSCP anyway, regardless of FileZilla's antics. Seems to work better, for me at least. Unfortunately, this is a reminder that free software isn't a guarantee of software freedom or safety. I think the big point that a lot of people are raising, however, is that a "proxy which does not faithfully pass content" shouldn't be legal in the first place. Users don't want network operators to be snooping on them if they can avoid it. The fact that such behaviors are formally legal now does not mean that we (i.e. internet users as a whole) should just lay on our backs and let $BIGSITE have its way with us. In fact, the uses of proxies that you seem to be pointing out as examples of why ubiquitous encryption is a "bad thing" - such as those in schools, homes, workplaces, etc. to block "objectionable content" - would probably be better handled by blocking IP addresses or domain names, rather than trying to break into encrypted HTTP sessions, would it not? Last I checked, TLS does not prevent the ability to detect when a user agent attempts to access a particular host (whether by IP address or domain name), thus allowing $BIGSITE to close off access to blacklisted or non-whitelisted hosts without needing to know the exact data being exchanged. Honestly, and with all due respect, the idea that ubiquitous use of TLS would in any way, shape, or form stifle $BIGSITE's ability to monitor and block attempts to access "objectionable" sites seems absurd when there are plenty of more effective ways to do such things that don't involve a total compromise of privacy or secrecy. What about LibreSSL? -- Freely licensed -- Has been ported to FreeBSD -- Is certainly less of a tangled mess than OpenSSL Fair enough. My point, however, was that an always-encrypted internet protocol would not prevent the legitimate uses of these proxies - namely, the monitoring and blocking of attempts to access particular hosts on a network - from being possible; any competent network administrator could implement filters on particular network addresses and hostnames without needing to decrypt anything in the application and transport layers, since they're operating beneath those layers in the first place (perhaps from the router/firewall, even; I'm willing to bet that such monitoring/blocking would be relatively trivial to implement as a pf ruleset, using tables for blacklisted or whitelisted hosts) or are otherwise able to view information beyond what's encrypted (such as DNS lookups). That seems to be much easier and more surefire than trying to break into TLS sessions. They do? I personally haven't seen much of that, though I'm admittedly relatively new to the BSD world, so perhaps I just haven't been watching/using the BSDs long enough to notice that sort of tendency in OpenBSD relative to the others. I know they've been making a lot of switches lately in terms of what ships with the base OS, but pretty much all of them (that I know of) have been more akin to forgetting someone else's old toys and playing with their own shiny new ones. OpenSSH and PF in particular seem to still be alive and well, and they've been around for quite a long time. True, but I wouldn't have had to resort to tab mirroring if Chromecast supported Amazon Prime Video. Which, admittedly, is also not a Chromecast issue per se, but since the Fire TV stick does support it (for obvious reasons), and since I ought to be watching videos and justifying my Prime membership, it'll probably end up being the more useful product to me. An Intel stick would probably end up being even more useful, since I wouldn't be at the mercy of Amazon to provide support for things (and would instead be at the mercy of XBMC or Kodi or whatever the hell it's called now to provide support for things). The difference is that (in theory at least) there's no discrimination for or against specific music streaming services. This is unlike the zero-rating described in the article, where specific social networks (and one specific encyclopedia) are unfairly prioritized over others. If AT&T were to, say, exempt all social networking sites or all encyclopedic wikis or something to that effect, then I wouldn't be nearly as opposed to it. Granted, as a happy T-Mobile customer who has put the free music streaming to good use, I'm probably biased in favor of that variety of selective discounting. However, I'd be opposed to it if, say, only Pandora was allowed or only Amazon Prime Music was allowed or somesuch. > I'm not sure how much competition Wikipedia has as a free online encyclopedia. I'm sure TVTropers resent that remark ;) > Also, Wikipedia is a non-profit, and doesn't really make more money by having more people use the site. Sure it does. You can't possibly tell me that you haven't noticed all the popups begging for money every year around the holidays. The more eyes on the site - and therefore the more eyes on those donation boxes - the more potential donations, and therefore the more money. Being a non-profit doesn't mean there isn't competition involved. There's a tethering nag? I'm not paying for tethering either, but I'm still able to do it without T-Mobile yelling at me (as I've had to do several times due to network issues with my ISP). Huh; according to that article, the thing ships with Windows 3.0. Guess the legacy software's still gotta work. It's like rain on a wedding day! Downvoted for not taking doom-top seriously. Ah, I see. Only slightly less interesting, then :) Oh good; I was worried there for a second; now I know that my VAX will be nice and secure! I've been using Freesound for a lot of my electronic music projects over the last few years. Really good source of samples, particularly for percussion instruments. I actually wouldn't be surprised if that were the case. They already don't allow third-party app stores (like Amazon's app store or F-Droid) on the Play Store last I checked; in both cases, you have to enable app installation from "untrusted sources" and download/install the APKs manually. To expand on this, if the phone isn't particularly well-known, then you'll end up on your own if you want to replace the ROM/firmware with, say, CyanogenMod, since there won't nearly be as much development/porting momentum as there would be for a household-name device. Isn't that what Tinder is? ;) I'll be honest: I'm always thinking about lunch. It's important to remember that the hacker mentality is not limited to the field of computer science, or even science at all; the concept of creative ingenuity transcends fields and industries. Yet another reminder about how remarkably similar programming and musicianship are in mentality and artistry. It's no wonder that I enjoy both :) Per David Kastrup earlier in that thread: > It is a greater problem for us to definitely block free applications from being developed, either completely or by putting up prohibitely high administrative or technical hurdles, than it is to accept the possibility of non-free ones here. I think this is a good example of why trying to actively fight certain use cases - in this case, potential use by non-free software - might as well be considered harmful. In this particular case, clang/LLVM is proving itself to be more free than GCC. I'm a pretty strong free software advocate, and at this point, it's sounding like LLVM is the way to go for even that reason alone. Deliberately crippling a compiler to satisfy an ideological agenda does not encourage the development of free software, especially in comparison to making a free software project like LLVM that demonstrates the ways in which free software is better software. Basically, while I admire RMS' strong convictions, I'm beginning to believe more and more that they're doing the precise opposite of what he - and many other advocates of software freedom - actually want. Very nice! I'll have to try this out when I get home. I think the issue is that there are two conflicting populations on Hacker News: hackers/geeks/nerds in the traditional sense (who are here to talk about cool technology and such, and because the place is called "Hacker News") and entrepreneurs (who are here to talk about economics and politics and such, and because the place is run by a company that funds entrepreneurs). Being part of the first group, it's a bit strange to me to see this sort of article on a site that's called "Hacker News", and I agree with the parent commenter that the article feels out-of-place here. Perhaps if it had some nifty technical details on flash bangs and their effects on humans (more concrete references to PTSD diagnoses, descriptions of temperatures attained by flashbangs and the physical effects of those temperatures on humans, even some possible elaboration on potential blindness caused by flashbangs) - in other words, things that hook into scientific basis (which makes nerds squee) rather than emotion/"ethics" (which doesn't make nerds squee) - would improve this. On the other hand, I realize that my demographic is not the only one worth considering (regardless of whether I want it to be the only one worth considering). It's disappointing that articles with a dearth of technical description seem to be becoming the norm even here, but at the same time I realize that it's not disappointing to all of HN's users, so the best I can do is move on to a hopefully-better article (or stop using the site and find a place that actually lives up to my own expectations of something called "Hacker News"). Take, for example, this article regarding the hypothetical effects of extreme magnetism on humans[0], which was posted on HN yesterday and was well-received, relatively speaking. Unlike this article, it focuses on scientifically-tangible effects, and even revolves around a Futurama reference to boot; in other words, it actually appeals to the hacker/geek/nerd demographic described above. Had this article been written more similarly to this one (though probably without the humor involved, given the more serious tone and subject), it probably wouldn't be subject to derision as being "utterly political", and would instead be more universally appreciated by both demographics of this site (since it appeals to the interests of both those demographics). The article's perspective may be "consistent with the norms of this website", as you say; my point (and presumably that of the parent commenter) is that it's only consistent with - at best - half of the norms and expectations. It covers an interesting subject (for the entrepreneurs, at least); it just needs to do so with more technical detail. That all said, us nerds do post plenty of purely-technical articles with seemingly-boring subjects (made exciting by the technicality itself, to us at least), so I suppose it's only fair that a purely- non -technical article slips through every once in awhile. [0]: https://gravityandlevity.wordpress.com/2015/01/12/how-strong... There seems to be a some demand for safer flashbangs (perhaps something with really bright LEDs and really loud speakers). This[0] seems to at least address the brightness aspect of it. I mean, if the point of flashbang use by LEOs is supposedly to disorient/confuse/distract a suspect during arrest, this seems to be better-suited to that role. And better yet, if they're electronic, they should be (at least hypothetically) entirely reusable, saving a LEA a lot of money in the long run. [0]: http://www.bluesheepdog.com/2012/03/13/delta-light-ball-flas...