Good luck with that. I daydream of a similar path (though Spain/Portugal rather than France). 150,000 people die every day. Check www.breathingearth.net and watch the counts of births/deaths, how quickly they move. Watch the deaths. Try to imagine each one as a real human being with a funeral, mourners, leaving a gap in other's lives. It's hard - impossible? 100,000 people is a _lot_ of people. That's not considering all the suffering that happens before many of those deaths from illness, disease, accident, war, muggings and assaults... I don't think people could stay sane if we couldn't be dismissive (or perhaps, accepting) of mass suffering. I downloaded a Ha, I thought, Vim will eat this for breakfast. chug chug , task manager, end task. :( Right, I'll break out the Emacs. chug chug , task manager, end task. :( Hmm, what else do I have. Notepad. opened in seconds . :) Promptly followed by search and replace can't insert newlines . :( If 80 in 10000 people who read Hacker News click on that link and 80% of them read all of the page, and 9 in 200 of them would previously have voted up the link and 32% of them leave New York at 14:10 travelling at 55mph, what is the probability that one of them is Bruce Willis? The world is just waiting for Fax-to-Voicemail. Just play the faxmail recording into your fax machine to get a convenient printout of the message! Like an email you can skim read the text, like a phonecall you can be sure it arrived. The best of both worlds! Oh, sorry - the prior probability that any given person is Bruce Willis is roughly 1 in 6x10^9. I can follow the nice, sensible text about how you can take an initial probability of something happening, and a binary test which branches into four outcomes including genuine and false positives and genuine and false negatives, and the ratios coming from the four branches describe how accurately the test discerns the two possibilities, and the more accurate the test the more tightly coupled it is to the thing you are testing for and the more it drives the initial probability one way or the other. "A Plan for Spam" - an initial probability than an email is spam. A test such as "does the email contain 'vi4gra'" and some probabilities calculated from your email archive of how often spam contains 'vi4gra' and how often it doesn't, and how often ham contains 'vi4gra' and how often it doesn't, and you can precisely adjust your probability of an email being spam based on whether it contains that text. Training it on your email archive means you can judge incoming email never seen before without being unfairly prejudiced against it just because it's new, only judging it on whether it has spammy characteristics - and Bayes' Theorem applied to your previous email _tells you what it means for an email to have spammy characteristics_, is that right? It seems kind of straightforward, and yet I can't (yet) follow it through numerically so I clearly don't understand it; I may be glossing over big important parts of it. So if 300 people have a 30% probability of having a positive result from a mammography, and 60% of people who don't have a positive result aren't 40% less likely to not have a 1 in 10 chance of already being a winner ... wait, where did the train come into it again? :( If you do that, and load some information from a slow storage device (hard disk), calculate on it for a hundred years, then write it back, load some more, repeat, until you have computed "one planck time" accross your entire simulated universe... ... at what point in the loading, crunching, saving, does the information inside feel concious and self aware 'in realtime'? "If you're investing $500+ in a chair, you'd understandably want to be sure it's "the one"." Really?. Go to ted.com and watch Barry Schwartz's video on the paradox of choice... you will probably be happier with your chair if you have no choice of chair, or choose it quickly and are stuck with it, with no opportunity to change your mind than if you try dozens of them with 30 day no quibble return policies to find 'the one'. That seems an unwise choice... "Bayesianity states that, when you die, Pierre-Simon Laplace examines every single event in your life [...] Then Laplace takes every event in your life, and every probability you assigned to each event, and multiplies all the probabilities together. This is your Final Judgment - the probability you assigned to your life. Those who follow Bayesianity strive all their lives to maximize their Final Judgment. This is the sole virtue of Bayesianity. The rest is just math. One who follows Bayesianity will never assign a probability of 1.0 to anything. Assigning a probability of 1.0 to some outcome uses up all your probability mass. If you assign a probability of 1.0 to some outcome, and reality delivers a different answer, you must have assigned the actual outcome a probability of 0. This is Bayesianity's sole mortal sin. Zero times anything is zero. When Laplace multiplies together all the probabilities of your life, the combined probability will be zero. Your Final Judgment will be doodly-squat, zilch, nada, nil. No matter how rational your guesses during the rest of your life, you'll spend eternity next to some guy who believed in flying saucers and got all his information from the Weekly World News" - http://yudkowsky.net/bayes/technical.html "Is anyone else ever disturbed by the attempts to "make X fun!" by inclusion of cartoon characters and other inanity?" Yes, Mr Lockhart is - "A similar problem occurs when teachers or textbooks succumb to cutesyness. This is where, in an attempt to combat so-called 'math anxiety' (one of the panoply of diseases which are actually caused by school), math is made to seem 'friendly'. To help your students memorize formulas for the area and circumference of a circle, for example, you might invent this whole story about 'Mr. C', who drives around 'Mrs. A' and tells her how nice his 'two piesare' (C = 2πr) and how her 'pies are square' (A = πr2) or some such nonsense. But what about the real story? The one about mankind’s struggle with the problem of measuring curves; about Eudoxus and Archimedes and the method of exhaustion; about the transcendence of pi? Which is more interesting? measuring the rough dimensions of a circular piece of graph paper, using a formula that someone handed you without explanation (and made you memorize and practice over and over) or hearing the story of one of the most beautiful, fascinating problems, and one ofthe most brilliant and powerful ideas in human history? We’re killing people’s interest in circles for god’s sake!" - http://www.maa.org/devlin/LockhartsLament.pdf (which I originally found linked on HN or reddit, and enjoyed reading ... but then what? Where is a near layperson to find mathematical writing that walks the line between Mr C and his two pies, and the impenetrable mathworld.wolfram.com, neatly skipping the textbooks written to look comprehensive to school purchasers, rather than to be useful? ( http://www.overcomingbias.com/2007/11/lost-purposes.html )) You say that as if he should admit some wrong doing. People paid him to manage their money, asking him to make as much as possible, knowing that he could win or lose, and he did and lost. Where did he "do wrong"? Ah, ok. Windows Mobile and Symbian cover a lot of devices and many years of brand building and development - Apple has one phone, 12 months of sales. For them to get it so right that it competes even slightly impresses me. They seem correct because they almost all change their minds so they can't be wrong: "Last year, Joe Q. Bloggs wrote 'Why the iPhone is terrible, stupid and will go nowhere and nobody will buy it'" "So Joe, are you surprised by the iPhone's success?" "No." "Last year, Bill Q. Briggs wrote 'the iPhone is absolutely and without any doubt the. worst. phone. ever., bar none, and it has no redeeming features. at all. It is the "big rigs" of phones'." "So, Mr Briggs, are you surprised by the iPhones success?" "No. Anyone can see it's a great phone, I always said it had the bling factor." > and I have yet to hear anyone explain to me what OGG gives me that mp3 doesn't The right to use - or as a developer, create - a program that can play/record music in that format without permission from, or payment to, the people who developed and patented said format. The right to read the file format specification and change it to suit your own use without consulting or paying anyone or breaking the law. You are explaining how you download music in MP3 format to avoid DRM restrictions - but the MP3 format itself is locked-in and restricted. Yes things are innovative and interesting while being restricted, but they aren't free if they are restricted. That is, they can't be used to build more innovative and interesting things (without permission or payment) if they are restricted. Since my Gran was in a home, I've thought that IT / the internet really should be able to help with some of the loneliness. I know I feel more connected with forums and IRC than I do without. No. Sites I want YC to fund include a new product review site. One that focuses on the details of a device's software rather than pure hardware spec. The iPhone/iPod touch is far from just a tablet with firefox (safari) on it. It's understandable, affordant, responsive, coherent, slick, sleek, predictable, wonderful. It has QWAN by the bucket load. It DWIM. And you don't get a feel for that in a review that talks about its 128Mb RAM and 400Mhz processor and IMAP email support. That makes it sound identical to my Windows Mobile HTC, yet between the two is a vast yawning cavern of difference. What he describes is, frankly, a crap idea. It's got a big touch screen, processor, memory, storage, OS, power supply, video card, mainboard, USB controller, WLAN, but No keyboard, and with extremely limited software. Yes, a general computer with extremely limited software. Exactly what drives the development of OpenMoko, pwnagetool, Linux, ipodlinux, DD-WRT and openWRT, linux for the PS2 and on and on. Has he seen the Asus EEE inspired Dell E? The other dozens of small, cheap, wireless-enabled, flash driven linux subnotebooks? I feel that any list worded in the style: - some item - another item - ... - oh yeah, and REALLY IMPORTANT POINT contains condescension inherently. It says "the last point is the core of my post and is so important that you must know it. See how I faked almost-forgetting-it to clearly show how trivial it is to me. Be thankful that I deigned to hand it down to you instead of just throwing it away." I can't believe that kind of upmod gets commented here. Wikipedia Do they? Or are you defining average environments as those environments in which average work is done? The PG-recommended startup plan consists of several people sharing low cost living-and-working space and living on instant noodles, yet doing above average work. The direction of cause and effect doesn't seem as clear cut as DHH suggests. If, as he claims, most people would want to take longevity treatment, why does Aubrey De Gray face such opposition from people against it? Why doesn't he consider anything else that would change? You don't get longevity right now - nobody will be a hundred and fifty for a good 50 years, and that's a lot of technological change at today's rate. What about the problem that all the things he discusses relating to compound interest, insurance and pension investments and so on rely on the economy "continuing to grow" forever and ever, which seems a bit of an unsustainable idea. Also, he is arguing as if the longevity treatment will lead to a world full of handout-dependent frail unproductive elderly people. Aubrey de Gray particularly, is after life extension by reverting ongoing ageing and keeping people healthy and middle aged indefinitely. That is, not retired and on handouts and depending on young people to support them, but "being" young people themselves. The real goal of longevity is not a long retirement but a long vibrant life. What about people who own their own homes by the time they are 50, invest for another 50 years until they are 100, then live off the interest - they wont be dependent on young workers to keep their pensions going (except to the extent of needing a permanently growing economy to pay interest :P). Pensions are only around because old people "can't" work today. I say "can't" in quotes, because if it came down to it a lot could with the help of good future telecomms kit or part time work (or powered exoskeletons or whatever). It's a very poorly-considered scaremongering article and as such quite annoying. The author should go and read John Wyndham's "Trouble With Lichen", and then some De Gray, Kurzweil, Yudkowsky and as much general Sci-Fi as possible to broaden his/her perception of the kinds of futures that may be, so they don't get stuck with one world view. Indefinitely long lived people could colonise Mars (and further) - what's a 6 month trip and 50 years of colony building then? Or with some improved materials, Clarke style space elevator skyscrapers, or Asimov style undergroundscrapers or undersea dwellings. Or any of the following somewhat plausible ideas could change everything - AI / effective neural enhancements / wearable computers where (user + wearable) > (unenhanced human) / useable genetically engineered bacteria / usable nanotechnology / etc. Craig Venter is working on genetically engineered bacteria to convert plants -> fuel locally, on a small scale. Imagine owning a home and a fuel plant and a self harvesting farm with resiliant crops... you wouldn't need to work full time to live and that would free up partial jobs for younger people. As they say, it's prudent to think about longevity before it happens. But shouldn't we think about how to make it happen smoothly and pleasantly for as many people as possible, and not just worry and spread FUD about it? Thinking that you can design your own crypto system is the flaw. If you can say "I did X so now that doesn't apply to me", then you're back to thinking it's OK for you to do it - in that case, it's not OK for you to do it again. Yes, that leaves nobody who can invent new cryptosystems. That's fine. I guess we'll have to get some smart person who doesn't think they can invent a good crypto system to do it, and who thus spends many years of careful, skillful analysis doing the best job they can instead. Oh well. ;) This is (another) reason why Biometric ID cards are not a good idea. As a government official who wants to roll out ID cards, would you rather one that's available now, or one that's going to be out in 3-5 years and be more expensive, but which the vendor alleges will be an unquantifiable amount "more secure"? In a perfect world, mimetypes would not exist. A PDF file does not become a plain text file just because some berk serves it with "text/plain" and it shouldn't open directly in the browser showing me a stream of gibberish. A PDF file also does not suddenly become a security risk worthy of blocking at a firewall because some berk served it as "application/x-initech-file" (true story, name changed). Use the file extension, that's what it's there for. If it's a .gif, don't load and run it as a Java program! hmm, that's a bit of a flaw in my plan. """What we had hoped for was more awareness, some recognition that their position needed explaining and even justification.""" Why does their position need justification? """They could not see that the pleasure they derived from possessions, prospects and doing well by their children is universal and that others deserve a share of that, too.""" Would the authors care explain on what grounds others "deserve" a share? """A last defence against paying more tax was their absolute conviction that government is inefficient and could not to be trusted with a penny more.""" Not-rich people seem to think that rather a lot, too. """One banker said he thought a family of four receives "say, £3,000 a month in their hands, and they're somewhere miles up north. They're not going to earn that sort of money, so where's the incentive for them to go out to work?" In fact, a family of four would in 2008 receive a net total of £1,328 a month.""" That's still the after-tax take home of someone on the average salary mentioned earlier. Free. Ad-hom Scroogey name calling wont help. This is engineering, not artwork. All of the weight of the rider is being borne on the tiny pivot joints between the circular bits and the "boxes". The rear circular bit would have to be hollow to contain some kind of drive chain, and the rear wheel would need hub gears. Internal break cables, or breaking by pedaling backwards. Steering pivots on the middle joint, so the front circular bit turns too. Definitely ugly though. ;) I'm not at all for it. It's bloody annoying. So many firewalls and routers and lights out cards and remote access controllers and other misc. network kit - firefox 3 is tripping over itself to get in my way as much as possible. On another note, Windows mobile does this about Exchange Activesync connections, and some carriers force you to edit the registry to allow self signed certificates, then make you install the certificate. It was such a breath of fresh air when the iPhone just said "Trust this site? Yes / No", I clicked "Yes" and that was it. The real problem is that it's no more secure. It's IN MY FACE, but the result is not me comparing hashes and generating trusted certificates and bringing the devices back to this office and connecting by console to install the certificates over a known a trusted connection (because trusting the site, then installing a certificate is not secure if the site is already subject to a man in the middle attack)... I still skip over it, but now I hate firefox because of it as well. And if the end result isn't more security, and is more annoying, then it's not a good solution. In what sense was this a scam? Obscured, hard to find or misleading price? Nope. False or misleading promises of what the program does? Nope. So what's the scam? That you think it's overpriced? That he bought it and now doesn't want it? That the author created it with the sole intention of making money? Caveat Emptor, and all that. Yes, I think there should be an "undo" option, a cooldown period, right to cancellation and money back no questions asked - but there's no wrongdoing here - he has no right to feel outraged or hard done by about the situation. If you're on Windows there's also MaxiVista Sketchy, Fitful Why Other roads with traffic problems bad enough that drivers avoid them if they believe a new alternative has appeared. "imagine yourself living next door to him" In my imagination I'm not peering through his basement window going "Oh no, things I don't understand and which therefore they must be 'potentially dangerous'! This an emergency!" "This is hardly a "chemical set". It sits firmly in "WTF" category, especially if you are charged with protecting public safety. A couple of posts earlier you said this is _not_ an example of "war on the unexpected", now you argue that because people in charge say "wtf?" when they hear what he's doing, they should shut him down just in case - in the interests of public safety. Which is exactly the point of the "war on the unexpected" discussion. "Consider the context. An usually large amount of potentially dangerous chemicals in a residential area is an emergency situation." No, it's not. A swimming pool is an unusually large amount of potentially dangerous chemical - someone could die of asphyxiation if they accidentally inhaled even a very small fraction of it! Ban DiHydrogen Monoxide! Fearmongering for everyone! Heck, with this we can completely solve "build something people want" and fill in the ever mysterious step 2 into the bargain: 1) Create a home page peppered with links (all 404s) 2) Fill in the links, prioritising by link click count, building your company into one which solely and only does Things People Want (tm). 3) Profit "Fool me once, shame on ... {404 proverb not found} shame on you. Fool me, can't get fooled again" To borrow from Eliezer, if you really can't believe something that is happening can happen, then your mental model is wrong. I originally posted: Every time I have hit this message, it has been mostly irrelevant to me and disrupted what I was doing [I'm no longer so certain - I can't be sure my router configs haven't been stolen by a MITM attack. I suppose I really ought to find out how to generate and install SSL certificates from a trusted root on them, and post them to someone at the remote sites on an encrypted pen drive.] I manage a fair amount of networking kit, I find Google results to mailing lists with mysterious and pointless SSL connections. As someone posted in the "End of the Windows Era" thread: "I don't care what OS you have, as long as you have a reasonable browser". This isn't reasonable behaviour. SSL does not prove anything useful - at the very most that you are connecting to the site your browser intended to connect to, assuming the site DNS hasn't been hacked. Anyone can pay $20 and get a valid certificate and that doesn't mean you should trust them with your bank account details. Any site with a valid SSL cert might have been hacked behind the SSL termination. If you're scared of MITM attacks, aren't you just as scared of valid SSL certificates on sites with fake DNS or hacked servers? IE8 isn't out properly yet. Maybe with enough fuss, it can be changed before it is. They have collectively invested squillions of hours, but I question whether they have done so "improving" the desktop. My stock answer to this, and I am picking on them somewhat unfairly but it feels representative enough to make a point, is Linspire. "Come on baby, run Linspire" they sang at me. "We have photo organisers and music players" they advertised. And showed a picture of LSongs Media Player. http://media.linspire.com/mailers/mm/lsongs-shot.jpg Need I say more? Is anything else needed to tell you why people are willing to spend $$$ on OSX? Software licensing - the worst invention since tangled cables. I don't want key infrastructure to have license keys in it and need new license keys to unlock more features. ESX Server? Firewalls? Routers? No! As little code as possible, as high quality as possible, please. Why not? If Eve can take control of DNS and redirect bankofamerica.com to an IP on her servers, and it goes to a webserver with a ceritficate signed for "bankofamerica.com" by a widely trusted CA, then the browser will load it without complaint and show it as a padlocked site. The only guard seems to be whether she can get any certificate company to sign a certificate for bankofamerica.com. Since it's cheap and easy to get basic SSL certificates from many places, this doesn't seem a very difficult obstacle for her to overcome with a bit of forging, social engineering, insider access, bribery, etc. (I imagine that she could go to the real bankofamerica.com, save the certificate details it presents, and pass them on MITM style - but hope there are replay-prevention techniques involved. This doesn't affect the question above, though). https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html I use one of those quite often - I think the "zap" one. Because you can, er, "make $$$ fa$t", as the saying goes. There is no ground level - it's turtles all the way down. That's what you would do? Is that what you actually do? Presumably you have had (or could have borrowed) $300 in capital at some point in your life... "Yeah", he replied using his pencil-thin infrared flashlight input device. It's Monday August 25th, 2048. You are old. Kids around you are fed up of your stories with no point, your failed dreams of longevity, rejuvenation and mental uploading sound like all fifty year old future predictions have ever done. There is technology everywhere, but like I said, you're old and it's all Greek to you (and after the cheap nervous system splice, you can't stop your hands shaking enough to coherently access the menus and change it back). Your colleagues aren't phoning you to ask for a boat impeller design as magnetohydrodrives became popular after the rise of the room temperature semiconductor and your firm went under a dozen years ago. There is still no one-pill-meal and the first moon base plans (all autonomic) are only 3 to 5 years from approval by the Brazilian Government. The eleventy o'clock bell rings. Everyone stops what they are doing and switches to the two-minute-hate channel for a good rant and to diffuse a daysworth of anger. Today's figure was picked for raising hopes too high and contributing to the misery of millions. It's Ray Kurzweil. You vent your spleen all over (there's surgery that can fix that now, but you couldn't afford it if you sold your left kidney, assuming you hadn't already done so). Amazingly, you do live in a dome-covered city. It's stiflingly hot and muggy year round. Do you mean Ortho-K? (Not sure if that's a procedure or a brand name). They've got a team of people and multiple companies involved, a basic case, hardware plan and working model, and your response is: "you can't do that, your working model isn't good enough, you're all incompetent and overreaching, you're a bunch of nerds and you're just stealing other designer's hardware." Why does your comment have any positive votes at all? Much as I think the idea is silly (keyboards forever!) "Do these guys really think you can brew up a $200 web tablet at an old kitchen table?" - yes, yes they do. And good luck to them. They do have to have your permission to do any of that - you have to agree to the EULA. Every time someone does something like this, I think "that was a good idea! Oh well, there are no good ideas left now". Will I ever learn? "Canada breaks free from ice continent" You considered hiring someone to work 9-5 on your companies pet project as a way to break him out of his his dispirited 9-5 coder profile? This almost makes me want to start a successful startup so I can afford a Lamborghini. If you can and would pay 10 to 100 times the price, then you wouldn't describe the original thing as "very expensive". (A prius doesn't cost an arm and a leg. boom boom.) Summary: "several products exist with different specifications and prices" ... Summary: stop doing things I don't like. :p More seriously, his post states the cost and some specifications of a macbook, and a low-cost windows laptop and that people might consider price and "mac aura" before buying. He doesn't make any useful, interesting or funny observations, conclusions, assertions or explanations. That's his entire post. Not, "here's why I think the mac is more expensive" or "what will happen to the mac as cheap windows laptops get more powerful" or "if the mac aura is the main reason for the cost then it means XYZ", or "in previous economic downturns, mac prices changed like XYZ" or "Based on this, I predict the next device from apple will be an XYZ" or "I've built a mac price predictor" or anything. Not even as simple as "The mac is $750 more and I think that's too much ". "makes you wonder." - makes him wonder what? "at first glance it seems like a great deal" - what about at second and further glances? "I know it's apples and oranges, they're different" - how about discussing the differences in detail? "saving $750 at a time of economic uncertainly could resonate with many consumers." - discuss. Explain. Reveal insight. Predict. No, none of that. Just "two products exist with different specifications and prices". It's a simplistic one sentence summary for a simplistic too-many-sentence blog post. Where's the hacking? the news? the opinion? Where's the content ? You love your macbook? fine, make it a four word blog post. That would be better. A passionate outburst for a product so unusually, distinctively good that you can't resist being happy that it simply exists! "Sometimes you need your files on the run, and we were amazed that no one had made it easy" What? Never heard of offline files, briefcases, SSH/FTP/SFTP/Web/WebDAV servers, Sharepoint, Groove...? (or any of millions of online file repositories?) What do you mean "of its kind"? Windows Offline Files and briefcases actually work. Volume Shadow Copy actually works. WebFolders actually work. They're just not as well connected or cross platform. That seems an odd keyword for the sort of person capable of writing dropbox and for a site like HN which revels in arguments about what kind of threading mechanisms are preferable. I don't suppose I'd win any favor for saying Offline Folders - you logoff your domain, they sync, you logon, they sync again. It isn't any effort once it's setup. Not even browsing to a webpage or entering a password. Yet here -> http://www.joelonsoftware.com/items/2008/05/01.html Joel couldn't be more scathing of file synchronisation, writing: "It's a way to synchronize files. Jeez, we've had that forever. When did the first sync web sites start coming out? 1999? There were a million versions. xdrive, mydrive, idrive, youdrive, wealldrive for ice cream. Nobody cared then and nobody cares now, because synchronizing files is just not a killer application. I'm sorry. It seems like it should be. But it's not." among other things. Has he changed his mind and now sees it as a killer app, or is it some anti-Microsoft/Ray Ozzie stereoype bias that doesn't apply to dropbox? Well you haven't really done that - your post says you are capable of everything. Business and tech and successful management and financial support. All strengths no weaknesses? You reject Craigslist for being not technical enough, yet the most detail you give is "I have an idea"? Are you looking to compute spaceshuttle flightpaths using CUDA, make "a web daytybasey" or write a portaloo rental scheduler for SAP? Someone who shares the same values? What values? Running a company then leaving it? Posting a vague post and when criticized and asked for more details, telling people to stop whining, then making insinuating comments about them? Complaining about being given a hard time when faced with a dozen paragraphs of text on the internet? This is the internet, you talk people listen. Spend time and effort listening. Hundreds or thousands of people, minutes each. Person hours wasted. Consider the ice pre-broken. It might be a bit late now, but giving lots more details is about the only way you could salvage this thread, IMO. If they are saving premature babies, then say that. Isn't that a good enough cause on its own? I object to dressing it up as saving the world, though, because population growth and world saving ... well, they don't go together too well. Nice wax warmer idea, though. Recently, there was a link to a new invention by the T9 predictive text guy with a flashy shiny predictive touch screen keyboard. Apple should jump all over that. Right now. It's so obviously a brilliant idea that they should put the finishing touches to the decent iphone bluetooth stack that they undoubtedly aren't working on and do that next. New safari? Who gives a cartoon expletive stlye %&$!*@? What more does mobile safari need except the ability to load pages in the background? It needs better text input, that's what. New! Shiny! But not new Safari, that's neither new enough nor shiny enough. (Just quietly shove the spidermonkey javascript engine in while you're doing an update, though ;)) "To roam Flickr is to wander through crooked teeth, local politics, nesting osprey, birth, spaghetti, divorce and every other aspect of existence." And wonderfully interesting it is, too. I've spent ages, on and off, refreshing http://www.flickr.com/photos just watching the world go by. Note also http://www.flickrvision.com/ is also quite good for watching the world go by, in a slightly different way. Why must something be done? I don't understand. Surely if all the banks failed that would be a great opportunity for people to start new banks with extra incentive to prove their honesty and trustworthiness, for instance. It can't be the case that banks will collapse and everyone goes "Oh shit money is now worthless, I'm shutting down my business, firing everyone and going to find a soup kitchen". Can it? Really? Why is it silly to make conjouring money out of nowhere illegal? If there is only $100 in the world, and a bank gives it to you and you pay it back with interest, where does the interest come from? If there's $100 in the world, and a bank "gives $100" to 10 people, who all have to pay back $100 + interest, where does that come from? You have to borrow it from another bank. Total money in the world increases, the economy grows, but it's a con, a mirage, a convenient consensual fiction. A system based on eternal growth, which relies on pushing around ever increasing debt for its very existence, where repaying the total debt would require giving the banks back all the money they ever loaned plus all the stuff in the world to the value of the conjured extra. How is this not silly? That rug really ties the room together. What's wrong with having the company charge you (and all users) enough to make their service profitable, and having a contract between you that they wont erase your data without sending you a copy first? Keeping your personal data on a free account might be a bit of a crapshoot, but keeping your company data on a paid for service account shouldn't be. It doesn't still exist - it never existed in the first place. If there's only one bank in the world, how can it have less in its vault than the sum of the depositor's accounts, if it isn't lending the difference out of nothing? Have people been depositing forged cheques? At the core of my problem is the Hacker News philosophy that a spirited go-getter can create value for people out of nothing. Yet the oft mentioned depression of the early 1900s showed people queueing for handout foods. Farmers would still work because people still need to eat. People would still trade with farmers because they need to eat and farmers need work doing. People would trade with builders and mechanics and plumbers and cooks and delivery people and oil companies because they want things that those people have, and in exchange they have skills that other people want. This is business, this is life, has been for hundreds of years. So how can that also coexist with unemployed people relying on handouts? What went missing to turn the ongoing network of trades into a fallen pile of cards? Why are some economies sparkling and growing and others filled with peasants eeking a miserable existance? Is credit somehow the missing link I'm not getting? If so, why doesn't printing more money fix Zimbabwe? If it's not credit, what else can vanish? America isn't suddenly out of education, is it? Is it trust? Is there really any kind of meaningful answer to this that doesn't involve pointing at the whole world and saying "that, that's it. Everything that is, that's the answer"? You have the choice - Stallman is just encouraging you to chose the bunch of admin work that you don't want, arguing that the freedom is worth more than the admin work costs. 'Respectable business people of note' have just overcooked the world economy and driven it up the embankment, through the hedge and are currently rolling it ass-over-teakettle through the nearest field, hoping desperately that someone built some bloody airbags into it somewhere. Anyway, if people want transparency/privacy enough to pay for it then 'theoretical leftist concerns' will suddenly become noteworthy and start appearing. As they already do with online ordering and banking and virtual private networks and so on. I see; Thank you for your thoughts. If this is the September CTP rather than, say, a v1.0 release, then it's not really an unveiling - there have been previous CTPs for months / year(s). I thought my download/install/say oooh/delete was cursory, but whoo, he really does kick the tyres, doesn't he? "One of the first things I noticed is the use of the let keyword to assign variables" No no no! They're not variables because they don't vary ! (and the shell doesn't work without compilation, it does on-the-fly compilation - or it wouldn't work. And you don't need to wait to find out about it's efficiency, it's been benchmarked loads, it runs on the .Net VM taking advantage of all that it provides. Pattern matching lends itself to data analysis? How vague and useless is that claim? And you don't need to force it on a client, it's a .net language , hello? It runs on the .net framework ! "The previous sample demonstrates output via the printfn function" hello redundant commenting that tells you exactly what the code tells you! Gah!) ;_; Why is your AuthDomain "gmail.com"? Whence "Windows Silver Lining"? Also, the FAQ sliding is slightly out of alignment in Safari (the text is too far left and out of sight, and more text is visible to the right) The chemical company's situation is different - the people who care about an attack (nearby people) and the people acting on the reputation (customers) are different, so there is incentive for the nearby people to pay towards their own protection. The attack is rare and unlikely so sympathy is high as long as the company is putting "reasonable" measures in place. Cloud data theft - the people who care about the attack (customers) are the same people acting on the reputation, so the reputation hit matters more. Such attacks are common and predictable, so sympathy will be lower. People nearby aren't involved so there is no incentive for anyone else to pay to protect your data. Knock on economic effect is spread much more widely over more systems and so is less intense and more difficult to gague, and you'd be taking time off work and using your weekends to sort it out so it would have less impact. So the cloud company has incentive to spend more on security than you might think, if they judge the reputation boost will help future earnings enough. It may do so where it may not for the chemical company. That rather depends on your definition of portable - I mean, even if they included win98, you'd still likely be stuck with Python 1.5 for Windows CE 1, and no Python for many systems. That it works on several of the most common, different, platforms in use today, I vote that counts as "portable" - reasonably so. Another way of looking at it is not how many Win98 systems are there, but that there is (presumably) nobody willing to jump in and argue and offer to support Python 2.6 on Win98 - so how in demand can it be? To some extent they are already in the cloud - they offer hosted services, Windows Live file hosting, hotmail, CRM Live; they have lots of hosted files so they must deal with CDNs. So, why don't they avoid Amazon and do "hosted Windows servers" themselves? "Microsoft is not expected to have a major update to its core operating system ahead of Windows Mobile 7. However, other improvements are expected to debut sooner, most notably an improved browser that brings the rendering engine of Internet Explorer 6 onto Windows Mobile. That update, still expected this year" The IE6 rendering engine returns? Nooooo! and crucially, in a way that is currently of little but growing significance, such information will never go away or shrink . The original c2 link seems to conflate several concepts, and come off worse because of it. - working despite being sick - working despite being temporarily bored or disinterested - working despite being unmotivated long term on the job/project - working sub-optimally despite being able to identify ways you could work better and be happier (win-win changes), but changes which you are not allowed to make. I wish some of those people posting about how great their code and employers are were writing the sort of software I get to use on a daily basis. :/ They should be obliged to disclose anything about the business. And obliged to keep private anything about any employee's health (or finances, or other private/personal concerns). Privacy is the only rationale I need. Steve Jobs is a person, entitled to be happy, suffer, live in private. Yes it makes things less predictable for you, but you have shares in the company, not the CEO, so ... tough. The UK government has a history of being: Rubbish at implementing IT projects on-time, in budget and to specification. (2 billion GBP+ in failed IT projects in the past 8 years: http://news.cnet.com/8301-13505_3-9840497-16.html ) Rubbish at keeping personal data secure. (see: lots of poorly handled data stories recently) Rubbish at not "misusing" legislation. (Last week they used anti-terror legislation to freeze the assets of Icelandic companies in the UK when their banking troubles were announced.) Geoff Hoon(?), on Question time earlier, said he was prepared to go "quite a long way, actually" into civil liberties if it meant preventing terrorism, as "the most basic right is the right not to be killed by a terrorist". I can see why, if you believe that, more government data collection seems like a good plan. What I can't really see is how you can believe that without having your scaremongering-detection sense going at full volume. PG's killer point is that the success of your startup depends on whether you can make it a success more than any other factor. More than your technical skills, more than the economy, more than your education, more than other people's belief in you, it's your determination to overcome that makes it. To learn what you don't know, to break down difficult obstacles and go around impassable ones, to raise investment where there was none, to build confidence where there was fear, to adjust to new conditions when existing ones change, to think of any other breakfast cereal motivational slogans that you can, eat Frosties and win. It's really amazing how almost any problem domain will have interesting edge cases in random areas that careful people have found and dedicated lots of effort to, yet you can still look at two superficially similar yet differently priced items in an unfamiliar space and think there can't be much between them. I was talking to a shotgun owner recently, and his more expensive shotgun has an extra mechanism in the safety - where more basic guns stop you pulling the trigger, this one also blocks the hammer from striking so it wont fire if dropped or jolted. Not something I'd think to look for, but the sort of thing that's nice to know exists. I think there might be a bit of QWAN about it as well - where some careful craftspersons have taken extra care over details you haven't specifically thought of, you can tell the item is better but you can't tell for sure whether it's the choice of material, fit-and-finish, the lack of an annoyance from a previous version, the luck of the draw, or possibly just your imagination. It's also slightly offputting - to know that whatever you want to create or learn, there's a massive proverbial undersea iceberg waiting for you. (Edit: I wonder what proportion of sentences in HN comments begin with either "I" or "It's"?) Five thousand children per day shitting themselves to death around the world scares me without needing to put it next to any other sentence. :( It will be a bit late by then; what real-world government is ever going to voluntarily undo a power grab by a previous government? I found it interesting that he pointed out workstations and "PC and Macintosh", then directed NeXT into a new market. The same market that Apple went for after they bought NeXT. Was it Steve Job's influence on Apple to push them to do it, or were they after that market first and bought NeXT because they were a good way into the market? "Researchers" are always doing unlikely sounding fun things. It's like the "Doctors recommend X" or "scientists {anything}" sentences which are mostly indicators of poor content, but "Researchers do/create XYZ" is often a good indicator. I found http://wh.at is available, to register from GoDaddy - that says it's an invalid domain name. :( "Ydnar is in 'America' but not in 'Spam' - what is ydnar?" Agreed. What you see is what you get is a lie of omission. What you don't see is the horrible HTML generated behind the scenes cough Sharepoint WYSIWYG editor cough . I still do the mouse-keyboard dance because switching windows, and switching input fields within windows, in the Windows OS is so awkward (or sometimes impossible) with a keyboard. Maybe Windows 7 needs iswitchb mode or something. So, The Editing Problem exists in the context of an entire OS not just a single window, but on top of that it's not just about moving the cursor and changing the text - text editing can be improved when the program has the ability to work with the text on a higher level, e.g. changing the serial number in a zone file instead of changing line 3 chars 10-20. Emacs is more suited to this style of work because of its built-from-its-own-scripting-language spaghetti nature. Which brings me to my last point - the biggest problem with text editing is all those stupid, different , difficult to parse, non-lisp file formats that Linux is littered with! Grr! And XML! Grr^2! ;) Never heard of you before. I checked your bio on Wikipedia and you don't have one. Sounds pretty ridiculous to me. Very hard for me to believe you're even a real person. Casting aspersions on his character? Why? It's very hard for me to believe people can know enough to earn a Nobel Prize for Physics, but they do. See: http://www.stevepavlina.com/blog/2005/12/rules-are-no-obstac... for how he did it. The Law(?) of Accelerating Returns implies it will be enormously much harder to predict from now to 2100 than it was from 1900 to 2000. (Or that a linear prediction will be enormously much less accurate). "we won't experience 100 years of progress in the 21st century -- it will be more like 20,000 years of progress (at today's rate)" - http://www.kurzweilai.net/articles/art0134.html?printable=1 I find it a pain in the butt, but I have no better ideas. Well, I have, but they rely on more than I can code and I can't see myself convincing others of their value. I think there could do with being a much better instant messenger for small businesses - something like a cross between a wiki with a desktop client, an instant messenger, a voice messenger, a tasklist, and that program that lets several people edit a document at the same time. A sort of project management app that is nothing at all like Microsoft Project. A kind of virtual desk that you can all jot notes on and is fast and responsive. With a nice interface it could be a kind of intray/outbox/message passing/task management/project management system. As you can see, it's not very well developed idea, but the pains it would address: - Email is crummy for keeping multiple people on track. Lots of redundant forwards, tendency to large trails of messages - Instant Messangers are fiddly to open, find someone, open a conversation, type, wait, annoying to the other person to be interrupted. - Wikis are useful but using them in a web browser and with several people working on it, they're clunky and sluggish. - There's no good way of asking questions and getting answers in a central way. e.g. I email Alice and ask for details of X, her reply is in my inbox, Alice emails Bob and his reply is in her inbox, Alice forwards to Eve who forwards to me, my reply is in Eve's mailbox, she forwards with comments to Alice... If that could be centralised, a central per-project question repository... It could be so much better . Compare a recent car with one from 10 years ago, they seem nicer for the same money. Computers are, obviously, better - more transistors in CPUs, much more cache, much bigger harddrives, cheaper memory. Digital cameras are way better, not only higher megapixel sensors and larger, cheaper storage cards, larger LCDs but also more realtime processing than before with face-detection, Sony's smile-detection, and they're around the same price. Broadband in the UK has gone from being a new choice for the leading edge, to being commonplace, to flattening out the choices so 8Mb is the standard, to ADSL2+ being available at the larger exchanges outside London. Popular screen technology for computers and TVs has almost entirely switched to LCDs when it was CRTs for everybody 10 years ago. The first iPod I bought was a 3rd generation 40Gb model. It would have been in 2003 or so, now I have one that's cheaper, lighter, smaller, faster, nicer screen, longer battery life, which is also a video player, phone, emailer and has 3d acceleration hardware. What about the new Macbook's unibody construction? They couldn't mill cases out of solid aluminium in large quantities without CNC machines. They have been around for years, but presumably it's only a small number of years that it's been precise/cheap/available enough for Apple to use it profitably. I took a few laptops apart around 2000, there were lots of parts, widely spread out. Check the disassembly of the new Macbook - the mainboard is tiny. It's almost certainly largely built by very precise robots and designed with the help of a lot of computing power. USB has gone from being a bit of a joke (in 2000 I had a USB Zip 100 drive) to being the file transfer and peripheral connection medium of choice with multi-Gb sticks for sale anywhere and everywhere. Could you have bought a roomba in 2000 to sweep your floors for you? Or a friendly robotics Robomow? Or a games console with built in, low hassle, online ability? Or a BluRay player and a HD TV? OK, my life as a day-to-day event is different because I work with and on computers using the internet, and that's where I can see the changes, but on a day to day basis it's much the same, the same sort of transport, food, books, consumables, etc. Although I could now (had I the money) buy a car which would pre-arm the brakes if I was too close to the car in front so they will apply quicker, parallel park for me, alert me if there's someone in the blind spots, silence the carphone incoming calls when cornering hard as it would be too distracting to ring then. None of these things were around 10 years ago. Nothing seems much different, but then most of my life is spent wearing woven thread, sitting on wood or plasticfoamy chairs, eating plants and being around brick buildings. At that level, how much change do you expect? My skill at predictions is better. He tried to predict, I didn't. ;) Meat brains aren't subject to the law (yet). We don't change ourselves so we don't get a growing return on our own improvements. I ought to have the same skill at predictions (environment, nutrition, education, age, culture, upbringing, effort, normal human variations in ability and the quirk of ever increasing IQ levels notwithstanding). That's kind of true - yet you could with a powerful PC of today leave Vista's voice recognition running all the time, almost dedicating a core to it, if you will. You couldn't previously as it was too demanding. I can leave many browser windows open because the overhead of many windows of interpreted javascript is minimal. You can use expose and similar as if they were free because the OS can offload to a beefy video processor. I run a Windows Server on my Mac laptop in a virtual machine barely thinking twice at what a marvel it is, at work we run 8 virtual servers on a physical box that takes up a quarter of the space of our 6 year old server. People in general might do the same things, but that's not because the hardware can only do the same things. I notice I am jumping overly to his defense when I have no reason to other than that I like his writings. "What's up with the assumption these days that everything done in our work is supposed to be fun? It's work. " That's ridiculously self referential. It's not fun because it's something which is defined to exclude fun? It's not "work", it's "creating value" and there's no rule about creating value requiring laborious, menial, maddening, un-interesting work. Particularly not IT/knowledge/computer-based work. I don't assume it should be fun, I demand it should be fun. (Well, I don't, but someone else should on my behalf ;) (Also, I know there must be troughs, it can't be peaks all the time. I'm just in the middle of some frustrating, dull, un-interesting work too) The article says they found a striking correlation - I wonder how one gets to be one of the outlying data points (on the good side)? What's the betting it can be affected with dietary changes? I don't know about Kubuntu but I wish linux had something like Microsoft Update. apt-get and yum are a bit too "no, it's your decision, do you want to update libobscure-2.4.6.so and risk breaking everything?" They may have millions of users, but with Google's searching, you can never be lost in the crowd, er cloud again. Productivity is winding its way higher and higher up the meaningless words list, soon to join "natural", "selected" and "actually". In fact, I may propose a pseudo-Victorian movement for Natural Productivity. Motto yet to be determined, actually, natch. I don't particularly have any use for snipd, but the idea of a bookmarklet which loads external javascript backed by a central site feels like it's full of potential. Having said this, Windows Update does find a new bloody error code every single time I run it and it never has a clue what the error code means. So, perhaps, something better than that. On the plus side, XP SP3 removes the option to have the IE address bar in the taskbar "for legal reasons" and the whole point of free software is to get away from that kind of junk. So maybe it's not all bad the apt-get your-hands-off-my-config-files way. In pictures ( e.g. http://tinyurl.com/6dnntv ) you seem far too rotundily enhanced to be one who practises caloric restriction, yet this seems a much more likely way to extend both your life and useful life than cryonics, which you heartily recommend. How come? (A quick search on this finds no writing of yours addressing this matter). (Not at all on topic, I know). It can do anything in the same way that any other Turing complete programming language can, but that's not really enough. As a shell, it's stuck in the same old Windows command line window that command prompt has always been, with all the problems that entails - no real resizing or decent mouse selection/copy and paste and so on. As a shell, you want terse and concise hacking, it should be optimised for finger friendliness and oneliners that you aren't going to come back to. Powershell is not. It's wordy and verbose, C# style. It makes things complex because it's not easy to find what you're looking for. Object piping might be nice, but not when you have to get all files and pipe them into a get-modified-date thing and pipe the date objects into a date-to-text object instead of ls -... As a programming language, it's seriously ugly. It could have been VBScript slid towards Python, instead it's C# slid towards Perl. See: http://blogs.msdn.com/powershell/archive/2008/10/18/emit-xml... from the official powershell blog from the main man behind powershell. $Ugh -*! See also this discussion from November last year: "What's MS thinking with Powershell?" at Arstechnica: http://episteme.arstechnica.com/eve/forums/a/tpc/f/12009443/... Not one person, the council's own in-house translation service. (OK, that could be one person, but the implication is that it is not). This is what happens when you don't have any sort of defined procedures, reviews, approval process, QA or sanity checks, or if you just ignore them. LeoCAD has been doing this for a number of years, if you want an alternative option: http://leocad.org/ Don't forget Cleese as well: http://www.larsen-b.com/Article/14.html Flickr, or almost any social network site - particularly with an Amazon style "real name" option - would be in a great position to geotemporally track names. As of Q4 2008, this is the worldwide distribution of Hugh's, and you can see that name changing in poularity around the world as you drag the visualisation back to Q1 2003... I'm surprised to read that Mr Freedom of Choice himself is in favour of computers that can't run Windows. (As if Microsoft wouldn't port Windows to MIPS if it became a large market oh wait Windows CE runs on MIPS devices and Windows NT 3.1 and Windows NT4 ran on MIPS (- wikipedia)). Extremists are rare? Changing your everyday life for your beliefs? Judging by the media that's quite common. Protest marches, animal testing lab attacks, anti-abortion marches, religious pilgrimages, cultish mass suicide so aliens can save you, contributing hours of work to open source software because you believe in it, charity/volunteer workers, the extra religious (nuns, monks, priests, rabbis, imams, and similar in every religion), people who started businesses because they believe in a product or lifestyle, people who blog to evangelise a lifestyle or dietary choice, bodybuilders and exercise fanatics, people who travel around the world to see one particular sports team play, people who travel to see The Sound of Music over and over again because they believe it's the best entertainment... The scale one gets me whenever think of it. Reading Clarke and imagining being in a spaceship in orbit around Jupiter and seeing it dominate the exterior view. Trying to imagine a ball of fire as big as the Sun. Seeing the solar giants in images like these: http://www.rense.com/general72/size.htm or videos like this: http://sciencehack.com/videos/view/_WEL117xXpw Antares is huge, lol. Well, not lol, more ... scared . Hubble Deep Field. It's awesome in the literal sense of awesome. Reality can't be wrong, only our understanding or modeling of it can be wrong. So a paradox is either: - our "intuitive" mental model of the world which says one thing can't become two of the same thing without using any more material, is wrong - the mathematical model that says you can do that, is wrong - the mathematical framework on which the model is built, is limited. In other words, while I can't follow the maths, I would have no problem believing the mathematical weirdness is self consistent because I don't believe it would have any rational link to the real world anyway. Thinking about it a bit more, that a mathematical model created by humans on a mathematical framework created by humans comes out with weird results sometimes - that fact is not even slightly weird or difficult to believe. That such a human model can be as accurate and precise as quantum mechanics is, now that's hard to believe! I don't see. It doesn't matter a jot when something "just opted out of concrete reality entirely", but it's also not especially interesting. Talking about pink elephants and how they can double in size may be internally consistent in a story, but it's not something that's "true but really difficult to believe in" anymore than "dividing by zero equals infinity" is difficult to believe in. If the fun is at the next level, perhaps that's where I ought to go... What's it like to use? Have you considered it a good buy or just a novelty? (What connectors does it come with?) Is there a good javascript cheatsheet anywhere? I only use it occasionally, and always get hit in the face by it not being Python. "Oh "if c in string" doesn't work? Iteration isn't nice? Strings can't trim their own whitespace? Hello, haven't you ever used Python?" It isn't until I write that I know it needs a rewrite. Perhaps I'm not smart enough to model accurately enough in my head, or perhaps not disciplined enough. I'd love to feel what it's like to think as someone else for a short while. What "thinking" means to other people. What when you release version 1.0 and then someone invents USB and your kernel needs to support it? Then someone invents a device that doesn't conform to the standards and you need to support it? What about the world where there is no spec for a finished version, merely different balances between effort, cost, value, marketability, usability, and so on... Dreams die. And on the other side, their technology works like nothing else. Windows hosts AD which talks to IIS and Exchange attributes are in AD and your file permissions are linked to AD user accounts and you can query it with LDAP which means your RADIUS devices can talk to it and your Certificate Server links with your domain, and your workstations access shared folders on the network which mirror files over WAN links using DFS which is AD integrated also, as is DNS which links with DHCP, machines are locked down by group policies which apply even on laptops, Exchange supports ActiveSync to Windows Mobile which has SQL Server Compact which can sync to SQL Server Express for your desktop and SQL Server for your main server which is monitored by MOM and running on HyperV and Virtual Server, and SQL Server Enterprise for your cluster, which has AD integrated permissions and is running on Windows Datacenter edition hosting a site on ASP.Net which serves to desktops using ClickOnce which builds into IE which is rolled out by WSUS which sits on Windows Internal Database which reports using SQL Server Reporting Services which is published in your Sharepoint site which handles your Excel spreadsheets with Excel Calculation Services along with your documentation which is all searchable through Search Server Express which is SQL Server backed and understands Windows file and website permissions, as do documents in Office when you use Office DRM to say who can change them and track versions and you can see if people are online when typing their names as they turn into smart tags which link with Office Live Communicator so you can IM people and SIP call them and email them which will be tracked in CRM using the plugin to Outlook which you're accessing as a published app from a terminal server connected by a windows integrated VPN through an AD integrated ISA server ... and the whole glorious lot is variously scriptable with COM, WMI, vbscript, VB for Applications, and plugins developed with Microsoft Visual Studio.Net and person-decades of documentation. One Microsoft Way is right enough. No other software ecosystem is anything like the same scale or as usefully well integrated, from a business POV. Linux on the desktop is almost laughable in how far from the Microsoft business reality it is. Every little annoyance, horrible error message or instability is worth putting up with because of the integration of ... everything. And it's so cheap, too. All it costs is your company's soul in proprietary data format hell. Forever. But look on the bright side - few people even realise their company has a data soul, and it's not like there's any choice . Well you're in luck, they're bringing the IE6 engine to Windows Mobile: http://news.cnet.com/8301-13860_3-10039152-56.html The "if you've done nothing wrong, you've nothing to hide" argument in another disguise. You're the one (as much as) arguing in favour of expending effort, adding code and complexity to restrict my root access, the burden is on you to justify doing so, not on me to refute it. It would cope brilliantly. Because PG gets that spam is a personal definition ( http://www.paulgraham.com/better.html - last two par's before notes). Running a spam filter at the level of a company, or several companies, will never work properly. Ours doesn't, despite running several popular anti-spam engines together. It's good compared to not running any filter, but it can't be tuned with enough granularity, and it doesn't learn . It's a combination of "crummy but available is good enough", failure to believe/see that it could be better, and Yudkowsky's "not holding ourselves to a high enough standard". GMail could do it, since they have access to not only all your mail, but also the possibility to identify "mail arriving at x many accounts system wide". You misreading it doesn't make it a misleading title. They are looking into "blocking of calls", not "blocking calls". Just because American-English has conditioned the world that "Off of" is the same as "Off" doesn't mean that "of" has no meaning. I don't know whether it's anticompetetive to block such calls, but it probably hinges on whether we take telephone to mean "a telephone (traditional)", "any device that looks and acts like a traditional telephone (e.g. USB skypephone)" or "any system that carries speech between some number of particular persons over some distance". Depending on which you choose, you get a different answer and interpretation. There was a local case recently where a ferry-bridge was classed as a bridge, because it's on a chain fixed between two points, and the local authority wanted it reclassified as a boat because it floats, so they could up the harbour taxes 40x. The counter argument was that it only floats between two points winching itself along a chain, what kind of useless "boat" is that? As I see it, it's clearly not a good fit for either definition, and thus the argument is completely pointless. This is similar - it's not at all a classic phonecall, so don't treat it like that. They're providing a data service and limiting the types of data that can be sent, that's what should be under investigation. It's a nontechnical restriction designed to bump up profits. Either limit the data rate or latency or max transfer allowance, or adjust your charges to be profitable with increased use, but stay out of what it's used for (legal concerns excepted). Or they could use an open standard protocol, as could Skype, which would be good for people who don't like vendor-locked-in proprietary technologies. (Which seems to be very few people, unfortunately. By the way, I spent some fun fun fun minutes today trying to recover my broken Outlook NK2 file. A proprietary secret format to store a list of email addresses with names? Hello?!) Considering it's the first (alpha) release of the first significant C program he's written which is for a new (and therefore little used) programming language, and the page of Converge tools has no mention of testing tools, and the page itself has error messages on it, the claim that it's "not riddled with bugs" seems a touch, erm, cheerful. From what breif comments I've read on Lisp's condition system, it sounds much better. Containing and isolating the error, as soon as possible, then passing information about the error higher up like an exception might propagate, until a level high enough to know the goal of the operation and what to do in case of errors, then passing a response back down, and being able to continue in a useful manner or tidy up gracefully. A great big codesplosion spraying you with a several hundred lines of stack trace and a "Your program has encountered an error an needs to close" is not "sensible behaviour". Summary: "Inferior so called 'designers' charge less than me and still get business. I hate that. They're spoiling everything." Then I've completely misinterpreted the article. Let me go back and reread it: The author hates the term freelancer because it's used by: 1) people who do work that isn't up to the author's standards (snobbery - it's obviously basically acceptable as people will pay for it, and there is no fixed line between "design" and "not") 2) People who charge little or nothing for their "work" (author doesn't want to identify with a group that has a low-cost low-quality image) 2) people who don't act like an expensive professional (whinge - they're not as good as the author, they are spoiling the image of "freelancers") 3) people who use software the author doesn't think much of use it (snobbery - what does it matter if they use a "common" publishing program?) 4) The above groups, doing low quality work for a low price in a messy fashion, are only wannabe's (unlike the author). I get the same feeling and summary at a second and third rereading. Summary: people are spoiling things for the author by doing worse work than him at unbeatably cheap prices. When I read this a few weeks ago, I was surprised by its simplicity and sense and obviousness . http://www.drbass.com/temptation.html Indeed it is the same core idea(s) driven at from the view of meditation, of positive thinking, or the "you see what you are looking for - think of 23, see 23 everywhere" experience. As such, I suppose HN and similar sites are about promoting the "think of opportunities, see opportunities" side, while all web forums talk about "not feeding the trolls". Or if you believe Vonderplanitz, many times people are craving fat as a building material and bodily lubricant, and instead drink water. Anyway, I claim urban myth on your post ( http://www.snopes.com/medical/myths/8glasses.asp ). Nah, it just means she's been collecting the garbage since the 70's. :/ Did anyone ask the inhabitants whether they agree to have their information stored in our computer systems under the terms of the Data Protection and Privacy laws? You only bought it when you decided it was an acceptable price to pay for what you were getting - what claim do you have that you were treated unfairly? You didn't have to pay. I want a supercar, but I don't have to pay the price for one. And I wonder about "an inflated price". All prices are "inflated" because all companies make profit. That's what companies do... Yes, I would like prices to come down and products to get better, and it is annoying (and perhaps illegal) when companies force that not to happen. But really, if they kept prices high, and people still bought their product ... why should we legally twist companies arms to force their prices down? Especially when there are other LCD manufacturers in the world who (presumably) couldn't introduce significant competition? OK, in a caring society we have government intervention in food and water supplies, heating subsidies and medicine. But government forced cheaper consumer electronics? What? You're in luck, there's a deep shelter tunnel complex under the heart of London, below the underground, up for sale right now, complete with generators, artesian well, room to sleep 8,000 people... http://www.agoravox.com/article.php3?id_article=8756 OK, so it's destructive to my ability to act more like a person and less like a monkey. But I don't want to "act more like a person", I want to escape reality. Zombies want brains, zombies eat brains. Zombies are probably quite happy, if only you could ask them without being eaten. To paraphrase Steve Yegge's latest: "This succinct yet completely accurate synopsis shows that all OS's have their attractions, and yet each also has a niche. You can choose an OS for the busy person, an OS for someone without much time, or an OS for the dedicated hobbyist, and you'll find that no matter which one you choose, it's missing some of the abilities you need." It's not evil so much as it is closed-mindedness, he says while characterising fans of open systems as "evil, smug, stupid" and favouring buggy and unstable software. POP3 is open. SMTP is open. IMAP is open. Microsoft make money from Exchange which deals with all three. C# is an open standard, Microsoft make money from it; it's high quality and reliable. Java is an open standard, Sun make money from licensing it, it's Enterprise class. RedHat is open source, RedHat Inc. make money from supporting it, it's used in Enterprises accross the world. Open, good quality, focused, reliable, profitable, they're not all the same thing. If Microsoft's "mistreatment" means they produce solidly reliable integrated systems such as their clusterable database server which integrates permissions with their directory service and supports hosting code written in their server/desktop/mobile/web programming language and framework and has its own reporting server which integrates with their web server which can also host code written in the same programming language and framework, the same language that's used to customise their collaboration portal and office application suite, then let them go ahead. Microsoft sacrifice quality for customisation? Hah. I dislike it because it's so high quality and uncustomisable. Means you can't do what you want with it, but the boss loves it. What was it Joel Spolsky said about programmers counting "It must work for 1. Oh, there's more than 1? Then it must work for any number ". ;) Would be killer if I could bring it in house, so we could discuss everyday work on it. (Yes, we could do that on public sites, but we're not going to, and neither are many of our customers). Gobby. Bubbling over with 1990's user friendliness: "There is a native Win32 build of sobby at [link]. There are no special Windows-specific features, but it runs. You will need glibmm, libxml++ (from the gtkmm installer), obby and net6 DLLs (from the Gobby installer or the gobby-win32 repos). There has been no extensive testing on the Win32 platform, so consider this as experimental." - March 2007, (latest) "There are 22 windows open in Safari, with a total of 43 tabs. Do you want to quit Safari anyway?" Er, no. Not just yet, thanks... Garage Door? Who needs Garage Band! "Hi, I'm you from the future. It's critically important that you visit $country ASAP. Heck, it's important enough that they sent me back through time to tell you! You! Here's some money, go to this place and speak to this person. Go on your own". Hopefully, convincing myself to go. The place isn't important, except that it's more than a day's travel, and the person would be some generic description who's likely to be there, and the cash wouldn't be enough to get back. Or maybe the place and person would be someone interesting who I'm yet to hear of. Not sure. The experience, maybe it would be enough of a kick to change my life for the better. I needed it. (I still need it). That you can remember how to do something is not an argument for that being the best way to do said something, or even a good way to do it. The only good arguments for not making things simpler are "they cannot be any simpler", closely followed by "the tradeoffs aren't worth the effort/cost". Why not simplify everything, where possible? It's not about dumbing down, it's about being able to do more in total because each step is easier. Or perhaps the things that don't involve initial head smacking don't come to mind when you think of things "worth knowing". If everything you know was learned at some point, did you have an initial period of head smacking for everything you know ? The solution is "just get started"? Well ok, that sounds easy enough. I'l just tidy my coat out of the way and grab a coffee first... Use of the term "the singularity", particularly your use here sets my teeth on edge. It's not about technology, it is about our models. The North Pole is a singularity - coordinates converge there to become a single point (singular). They only do this because we chose a coordinate system that makes this happen. It is silly to talk about how you coils go there and then not be able to go any further north, as if that means it is the edge of the world. Likewise "the singularity" is not a magical threshold of AI and immortality or transhumanism, it's where a given model of the future predicts nonsense because you have pushed it too far. Pick a different predictive model, get different results. To claim, then, that the singularity may never happen is to claim either that change with feedback will stop, or a perfect model. Better to claim that AI or genetically enhanced people, or neural prostheses, or smart matter, or superconductivity, or antigerones, or quantum computing, or virtual reality or whatever game changing technology won't happen - if that's what you mean. (I for one think good PDA keyboards will never happen. :( hurry up Gunilla Alsio and senseboard, and that new t9 thing) predicipate.com With unicode domain names, you could have preticipation?.com, although it may look a mess in non-Firefox browsers. There is; jailbreak it, and install "Python" from Cydia. "They paved paradise.com; put up a parking page" :( The delay is between when it's first claimed finished by the author(s) and when it's agreed to be ready by everyone involved. After that it can be deployed instantly... I guess it would be possible to note in a bug tracking app "we would have deployed here" and then see how many, and what kind of bugs were found between then and actual deployment, which checks found them, and whether any of those were rollback-causers. That would give an estimate of how much good the checks did in each case, and a way to choose which checks are ineffective for their cost. (Ish - some checks may only trigger once, ever, to be priceless). Their higher up position gives them [the potential for] a better view. This article does miss out quite a lot of Google information gathering sites (Hosted gmail for business use, default search on the iphone, maps+GPS on the iphone, Picasa, youtube, ...), many are mentioned in the comments. Still, it's not so much that I think Google is doing evil right now, but the more they gather, the more potential they have to do bad things with it. And since they're pushing into unprecedented data gathering, it's not limited to "bad things that have happened before that I can enumerate specifically", either. Who can predict what pessimistic delights lie in wait over the next decade? And the more they gather, the more of a target they become for crackers, internal leaks, legistlation, and the more room there is for plain old mistakes. Maybe they really don't want to do evil, but on their way from virtue to virtue, some quantity of people will be barged out of the way, trampled upon and mistreated, just because Goog are huge. Also consider that if you regularly use Google maps for directions, then you will tend to do home->place or work->place, focusing in on your main locations. If you search Google for names, then the chances are you're looking for friends/relatives, or famous people. Google can tell famous people, because other people are searching for them. Sounds like he wants a dressing gown, or maybe a slanket. The Left Foot Company have been doing a similar thing with shoes for a number of years, you get your feet scanned in one of their shops, and then choose styles on the website and they are made to fit your feet, robotically. Except, they got to try them. ( https://shop.leftfootcompany.com/2007/Process.aspx ) I don't know why it's impractical for an etailer to be an etailor, but I guess the current system of basing clothes sizes on a couple of measurements which vary between brands and styles would have to become much more specific before it would work well. I don't think the universe needs a me-shaped dent. (Maybe a dentarthurdent, though) I think it was Frank Tipler who wanted [[trans]humankind] to do an infinite amount of computation before the end of the universe - he might have limited that to a big-crunch scenerio though. If you have to "reinvent the language and the community", how does that count as Perl 5 surviving? I can't believe it's not vaporware. I can't believe they've ruined years of boasting about how hello world is as simple as "print 'hello world'" by making print a function . :( "Also note that as of Python 2.6, the functionality of turtle has been greatly enhanced." One of Steve Yegge's old rants includes the suggestion that some of his favourite systems are those that have both extensible-while-running and doesn't-crash - one being emacs. Uptimes of up to a year aren't totally wrong - having to shut down and close everything to manually work around some memory leaks and gradual flakiness or to guard against crashes isn't a great or desirable feature, even if it is extremely common. Previously: 5 keypresses, Now: 9 keypresses Previously: 2 characters that aren't directly relevant to what you want to do (print text, the quotes), Now: 4 (quotes and parens). Previously: No shifted characters, Now: 2 shifted characters Previously: Inconsistent behaviour, right in the core of the language where you are most likely to benefit from minor savings and least likely to forget about it. Now: Consistent behaviour at the expense of extra typing, visual clutter and, for experienced users, the hassle of changing. Previously: Python loved for its interactive interpreter, only really possible because Python is concise enough to use in a throw-away fashion. Yes it's different, the question is, is it an improvement, and is it significant enough to be worth it? The question is, given all the changes to unicode and classes and iterators and final removing of the int/long split which are all going to play out over big programs and many days/months, why not pick on the color of the bike shed 'issue', extrapolate it over the whole of Py3k and make out of proportion complaints? Er, wait... I once argued that upgrading ASAP was the Pythonic thing to do. I forget the numerous compelling reasons I had come up with, but that was long before I had to face "shall I move this stable code to the new version, for no major benefit and limitless potential problems?" I haven't moved it and it's still working (of course!). Where the article suggests it should be like: >>> help Type help() for interactive help [..]. This sort of (dis)functionality really gets on my nerves. Whenever I hit a 'nix program that does this: $somecmd -h Error. Use --help for help. $somecmd --help {help text} or, in MacOS when I press CMD-C in the terminal instead of CTRL-C and it just beeps at me, but does nothing... Why don't you Just DWIM ? Grr. As it stands, help isn't a string - if it was then typing help() would tell you that strings aren't callable. It's a So as well as printing that message, it could go into interactive help mode. Since you're only going to want that at the console it could only happen at the console, and since you typed "help" you probably want "help", that would be ... helpful. The real problem with DWIM is that nobody else has the same WIM. (But that's not my problem, because it's all of you who are wrong. ;) Does it unnerve anybody else that there are "Linus or nobody" sections of code, when GNU/Linux is often linked with the "open source / many eyes" security defense? Dear all HN: :) Regards, JB. But if nobody ever cleans up, you end up with a horrible place to be. Then how can you claim that passive income doesn't exist, when it clearly does? No it isn't - you just define "out there" as being imaginary! ;) I was trying to do that by saving locally, but FireFox refuses to allow getImageData on an image loaded from the filesystem by a web page loaded from the filesystem, with an NS_ERROR_DOM_SECURITY_ERR Anyway, I will now try with your set-your-own-image version. From the description, your algorithm sounds like it would hit this case very quickly: A polygon overlaps another polygon and improves fitness by N. It gets mutated and fitness goes down, so that is not kept. The polygon stays in a local maxima position, when one mutation lowering fitness might allow much better fitness in future. Yet the images look like that doesn't happen - have you deliberately avoided it, or isn't it a problem in practise? There's still a consideration of how much disfavour and future problems it may bring. Yes, but it's hit and miss. Sometimes it counts but does nothing sometimes I can see the shapes flickering, but it never picks any as "best", and sometimes it looks like it's still working on the mona lisa or on a different size canvas. None that I've found on Flickr have worked. I googled for "200x200" and found the Firefox logo in that size, and it's evolving that... fitness has just crossed under 1,000,000 after about 15 minutes, but it isn't recognisable yet... I'm bothered about things being open because I prefer the idea of a future where improvements can be built upon all previous knowledge, rather than a future where everybody has to start from scratch implementing their own basic proprietary versions of everything. Another half hour, and it's just above 900,000 after 43,000 steps - it still looks nothing like the FF logo though. That is, it looks nothing like it. It has, for example, no dark blue, orange, yellow or white - and only a smidgen of pale blue in completely the wrong place. The whole square is shades of hessian brown/pale green/caucasian artificial limb with a blotch of pink. Terminal is nice, spaces is nice, expose is great. Having an OS that can suspend/resume is really nice. But it's just not Windows. My favourite apps aren't here, I don't know my way around the filesystem, all the Windows-specific tools I know are meaningless. When I stray too far outside Safari, it's pretty bleak. Ever since I read the story of writing a backdoor in the unix login prompt, then writing that change into the compiler so the login prompt code looks clean, then writing that change into the running compiler, so the compiler code looks clean, but the running compiler will backdoor itself or the login prompt, I've had the feeling that the best bet is not to trust as far as possible and not to worry as far as possible. Smart people will always be able to outsmart me, stupid people with power or desirables will always be able to coerce me into lowering my standards. What if you don't want your every photo sent to evernote? I guess the eye-fi has no customisation without a PC, so you'd probably need to keep switching SD cards. Ugh. Don't forget that for tens of thousands of years, all Man had to do to stay alive was whatever it took to stay alive. He never had to write a TPS report on his fishing trip or sell overpriced shares in manioc root or feel guilty because he wasn't completing his TODO list each day. I don't see why it need be "much less comfort". The sun is incredibly powerful and our current lifestyles ever so wasteful, especially if you factor in some not-quite-there-but-nearly future tech such as LED lights, ebook readers, usefully cheap solar panels, video-on-demand, music downloads, etc. What do you mean "secure"? Secure between (you, Google) and (World), perhaps, but I'm not sure that's quite the same thing. How is cryogenics any different than paying for expensive life saving surgery for someone who can't afford it? (You're paying for expensive life saving surgery for yourself). Even in the super advanced future, presumably a complex procedure like reconstructing a human brain won't exactly be a cheap one. So wait another thousand years. You're undead, you wont notice. If it ever becomes possible, it will one day become cheap. Is the future such a utopia that [x,y,z] It might be. Why not stick around to find out? Why not help make it be such a place? The part that really strikes me as idealistic Oh no, someone being idealistic! Not to mention the fact that it is the very finiteness of life that makes it valuable in the first place. Well you'll probably die in the heat death of the universe or the big crunch, so whatever you do life is finite and therefore valuable. I disagree that its finiteness makes it valuable, however. Life isn't a market commodity where scarcity increases value, it's a personal one-off once-in-a-lifetime offer. We do know what the mind physically is - it's somewhere less than all the components of a person. It may be non-physical in the sense that it's a pattern of information, but patterns can be represented electronically ... are you suggesting it's supernatural? no reason to believe the consciousness "sticks around" waiting to reawaken in that corpse. Yes there is - I sleep each night and wake each day. I don't think consciousness exists separately, I think it's an emergent phenomenon. Note to Eliezer, that means I think it is a complex side effect of a multitude of electrobiochemical processes, not that I think it's magical. If my body is kept without decay and said processes can be restarted, then they will process information starting with existing patterns (what's in memory) and new input from senses and there, but for the fact that this is fictional, I am. Cogito, ergo sum. Reasons why cryonics is dumb: Life is suffering (Buddha, n B.C.) Death is void. Nothing > suffering. But there's a wall of pain/fear/effort/risk with suicide that keeps people inside life. Once you're dead, you're forced past the wall and it's a simple choice: more suffering or no suffering? Immortality by not dieing isn't quite the same option - avoiding old age suffering or going to old age suffering? Easy, being alive and rejuvenated wins. However, when a person is dead, the general consensus seems to be that the consciousness has left the body That's a silly consensus. Of all the billions of people who have ever lived, there's no evidence of anything leaving, or anywhere for it to go, or any reasonable sounding conjectures of what it might be made of or how it is powered or how it interacts with living brainmatter during life or any reasonable sounding suggestions for what happens in the event that the body dies with advanced alzheimers or as a foetus or in the fires of a nuclear bomb detonation or trapped in an inescapable airtight diving bell... If the materialist explanation of consciousness is correct, then it's plausible that "someone" will awaken when your body is resurrected and will have your memories, but it won't be you, because you won't exist to be experiencing it. Of course it will be "me". If the materialist explanation is correct there isn't anyone else it could be or any way for it to be anyone else or any separate "me" that could not exist to experience it. But it isn't quite right to say it will be me . Rather, I will be it . I wont waken when my body is resurrected, when my body is thawed and jump started, the processes that are me will be running again. An animated body is a thinking body and this particular body is me. I am not a thing that exists separately from my neurological processes, "I" am the result of the neurological processes.