How does the U.S. effort in Haiti compare to the U.S. effort in New Orleans? Let's say that I don't want to be safer, and choose to live dangerously. I have no interest in comparing the number of people injured in each. I am not looking at this stage for context. I want to have an absolute comparison - has the U.S. been better organised in their Haiti relief mission than in the New Orleans one. If so, why? Petzold's "Code". That is such a useful phrase. I'd hate to forget it. Here, could you write it down for me on the back of this postage stamp using this banana to write with? Thanks. No. Taking a Masters in maths with the Open University. Usually have at least one language on the go in evening classes. What of those who play for the love of the game? Those who think a good match is one in which everyone enjoyed themselves? Those for whom the score exists only as a by-product of what they see as the point - to have a good time? They're not competitive and they it more fun for everyone else. If that translates into their work, they'd surely be far better employees than hyper-competitives. Indeed. All we care about is the money. Perhaps it's just a bit of fun. I feel it should be pointed out that whilst what you say is probably an accurate depiction, it of course does not make it alright to murder non-combatants. That's not to say that this alleged video will show such things, of course. Just as a point of discussion, history indicates that within a war zone, professionally trained soldiers tend to do better than those relying on BASIC instinct. Isn't that true of everything ever recorded? What point are you making? It is easy for us, yes, but the topic at hand isn't how easy it is for us to watch footage. How easy it is for us to dissect it has no bearing whatsoever on the events themselves. Put another way, how difficult does it have to be for us to see what happened before it's acceptable for us to disagree with the actions taken? Edit: This is a fantastically unpopular comment! Is it my lack of respect for the "Thou shalt not Monday-morning quarterback, no matter how badly the quarterback screwed it up" commandment? :) "This article, IMHO, is written by someone who has no idea how things work just about anywhere that's not the industrialized West" Seems to have a pretty good idea how things work in a factory in China. At the risk of sounding trite and sliding into philosophy, how many people have to do something unacceptable before it becomes acceptable? Unemployed, with just enough to magically pay the rent. Honestly, it took about ten seconds to learn it was on the other side. Is it really that much trouble for people to adapt? It's been less than a day and I don't even notice it's on the other side any more. Yes, there's the argument that people should (and can) put it wherever they like, but seriously, within ten or so instances it's relearned. Ubuntu Linux is in danger of becoming the new windows. Time to move to Plan 9! I don't see that becoming mainstream for at least a year. I thought HN was a hangout for people wanting to start their own business. Edit: Yikes. I guess the truth hurts. :) "If change were always a good thing, and temporary uncomfort good - do you mind if I borrow that office chair of yours and replace it with a different one? If you're still bored, there's this French-layout keyboard I could give you. And - no, don't use it with UK/US layout, that would be boring." These are not good examples. I just use whichever chair is closest to where I want to sit when I want to sit, and I switch between dvorak and qwerty more than once a day without even noticing any more. Likewise, I anticipate, whichever side the close button is on. These are utterly inconsequential changes. I'd be willing to bet that the time I would save each day by having the close button more often nearer to where the mouse pointer is when I need to close a window is swallowed up in a single digressive conversation lasting less than a few minutes. I tried to eat an apple but chipped my tooth on the monitor. A descriptive name doesn't necessarily make it so. DDT was a fantastic invention for combating malaria. Great invention, terrible application thereof. > it's pretty obvious Wikileaks has some biases, particularly anti-war Who exactly does not have an anti-war bias? Mass-murdering psychopaths? Insane dictators? Anyone who likes killing other people? I can't build (for example) a doomsday device that will eliminate all life on Earth. I still think I should be allowed to disagree with the building of one. Alright, let's ignore research because it complicates the matter. Correct doomsday device scenario to "I've never carried out genocide, but I still think I should be able to disagree with it." It's been a decade and I'm still paying (although I didn't have to start paying them back until about 3 years after leaving university). Since I studied in the UK, my student loan on leaving (after 4 years) was around 8500 UKP (I was in the last entry year that didn't pay fees), which is a pittance compared to what some of you chaps ending up borrowing. I can't help but think that if you don't know where to start (different from having too many places to start), you don't need to. If you need it, there should be something obvious - some programme that really needs to be written, and simply must run on such-and-such a system, and that will inform you on what to learn. "What, objectively, is so much better and easier under Linux? Note, we're talking dev machine here, and not deployment serv" Tool chaining. For me, the ease with which I can bang out scripts and makefiles and have the tools easily check out versioned code from rcs/svn and that I can pipe and redirect and have a host of efficient tools like grep and nm and objdump and more, and they all work together piping and redirecting to make exactly what I want in so many easily altered configurations. Release and debug and partial debug and static-checking build and more, with all the makefiles just text - so easy to alter and tweak and copy and share (and even have them configure on the fly, reading the output from the compilation and rerunning with extra warnings or debug symbols) and have them run commands themselves like sending eMails to everyone who is listed as an interested party on the source controlled spec list, and so much more. Valgrind is so useful that if I have to develop on a Win32 machine I get a version of it going under MinGw, and sometimes I run a Win32 debug under Wine on Linux so I can use Valgrind on it. I sound like the biggest *nix dev env fanboy ever. Do I mean under MinGW? I forget. Maybe I never got that to work and that's why I use Wine under Lin. Which of those two styles is being presented as superior? "He is also quite strict about being hard sci-fi (no faster than light travel for example)." Or rather, it was tried (in the Revelation Space series) but did not work out well... Checking my command history, grep comes out on top. Yes, I have never seen anyone ignore someone else. I've got an idea. How about if you want a presence on the web, you have this website that you control with whatever data and pictures you want on it? Coders can develop things we'll call content management systems to make it a bit easier for you to put your data on there if you don't want to do it all yourself, and since you'll control it, you can add whatever tools and automation and widgets and the like. It must be about time for TechCrunch to hyperbolically declare the death of Firefox, then. If sexual abuse and rape of children is the price to pay for national security, is that price worth paying? Because the role of the government in an allegedly free market is not to boost or squelch specific businesses. That's what happens in planned economies such as the old Soviet Union. The government already discourages some kinds of business through the creation and enforcement of laws. Going beyond that is not the action of "the government", but can only be the action of individuals within the government abusing power to pursue their own beliefs and agenda. No no, "Nej" means no. :) Let go your preconceptions; cause and effect, this "trigger" of which you speak, is an idea you have built living in this universe with these physical characteristics. "where performance is important" Really? I'm so out of touch. I always put Java down as something to use when performance wasn't important. Maybe I'm going insane and what's on my monitor is not what I'm reading inside my head, but I just spend a few minutes going through their compatibility checker and they don't list a single phone that it's compatible with. Just a whole bunch of unsupported phones. http://wakemate.com/compatibility/ And genocide. Genocide is more wrong too! You've incorrectly used an apostrophe there, chum. Does it? Exactly which dictionary did you literally find that in? Do you even know what the word "literally" means? I'm a fair man; let's do some checking. Here's one: http://www.macmillandictionary.com/dictionary/american/prote... "an illegal system in which criminals threaten to harm you or your property if you do not give them money" How strange; it's not remote close to what you literally read as a dictionary definition. I've checked other dictionaries too; same story. Here's an idea; why not open up this magical dictionary you have and see what it says under the word "literally". So there's someone who knows how the locks on your building can be picked, and then offers to tell you how to fix it so they can't? That doesn't sound like extortion. It sounds like someone being helpful. In case you struggle to draw the analogy here, in this case we have Geohot, who knows a lot about how to do something Sony really want to do, offering to help them do it. That's not extortion. If you call that extortion, then presumably when the fire department sends out leaflets on how to prevent fires, you call that extortion too. "If you and I are neighbors and we agree that you I will pay you 250$ a month to not park you car in front of my house (while you legally have a right to do so), should that not be allowed?" I don't know how it works elsewhere, but in the UK there are a number of legal rights that cannot be signed away. For example, tenancy agreements with illegal clauses are simply enforceable for those clauses, whether it's signed or not. Another example; one cannot consent to Grievous Bodily Harm, even if you really want to (this one was taken all the way through the legal system when someone consented to having a nail hammered through a rather sensitive part of his body). Simply not true. Laughably so. Listen to yourself. You're telling people not to invest because they'll only do well out of it rather than doing very well out of it. People were saying the same thing about gold two years ago and one year ago. Would this be better labelled "Why web programmers need to learn JavaScript"? An awful lot of programmers will never need to touch any JavaScript. "More men are not needed in childcare/teaching because women are naturally - from birth - better at the type of empathy and communication that is required in those fields." If you empathise with someone, it is harder to cause them discomfort because it causes you discomfort also. Thus, someone with lesser empathy would be better at discipling children. "I disagree that men are better at disciplining children than women are." You can't have it both ways, Sarkozy. Which is it? I always thought OO was a design philosophy rather than a set of tick boxes that a programming language/notation must provide. Design in OO, code in whatever you like, but note that some programming languages make it easier than others. Obviously my interpretation is no more authoritative than anyone else's :( Awesome. It's your idea, so you can go first :) The first thing I notice is the bad spelling; "continuosly" infers amateur who doesn't proofread or run a spellchecker. Alternatively, provide documents in latex or similar and people can do the final compilation themselves, dictating exactly the details of the physical medium (be that printed paper or an electronic display of some kind) they will be using to view it. This would require people learning how to do something, though. Are you saying that women can't appreciate elegance and brevity? Perhaps your kind of attitude is why there aren't more females in programming. "That's interesting, but damn is that some ugly code" I would disagree. That code is beautiful. Elegance and brevity; it's as close to a pure expression of the coder's thoughts as it's reasonably possible to get. Sounds like a case of mishandled expectation to me. Computer science is a mathematical and logical discipline; programming is a good means to practice that mathematics and logic, but it's not what computer science is. The relevant RFCs make it clear what is a correct eMail address. Why should we have to put with lazy or incompetent coders who can't be bothered to meet the standard? So because Facebook don't know what counts as a valid eMail address, everyone else has to adapt to them? But you might say "Which car am I driving in?" If you create a completely real company with the driving intention to get yourself health insurance because you can't or won't do it as an individual, it won't matter how real the company is. The insurers will decline to pay out. Not everyone habitually uses eMail or social networks. Your lack of imagination astounds me. I suspect that you realise that your original comment was hopelessly flawed, but you now refuse to admit it. Many people don't use the Facebook. Lots of people use eMail, but there's been an earthquake. Their workplaces are buried. Their computers are under rubble. The majority of eMail users do not know how to configure a new PC to access their eMail. They've relied on it just working on their existing systems. That's gone. There are so many other things that could stop people using their eMail or their Facebook page. What's needed is a single, central information collator and provider. That's what has been created. A number of prices will be going down because of reduced dividend expectation. Companies that are about to make a big loss due to natural disasters are going to reduce dividends, so the shares are actually worth less than they were a week ago. That said, the "efficient market hypothesis" of which you speak; that is, the idea that any and all future price rises and falls have already been factored in - is false. Many investors _are_ ignorant. Many are stupid. Many are prone to panic. They are prone to everything that all other humans are prone to. Many are in fact big funds that have preset automated buying and selling positions and would happily buy and sell regardless of what else is going on. As evidence, I point to every bubble and crash there has ever been. "There is no base for any beliefs, if you ask me." Yet I bet you go on eating food, in the belief it will keep you alive. The ability to think clearly about problems and solve them in a coherent, sensible fashion. If a programmer can't do this, and so many can't, it doesn't matter what buzzword tech proficiency is being claimed. "The only GPS degredations that I'm aware of were intentional." Yes, it has to be intentionally spoofed or jammed. However, there are bad people in the world who intentionally do bad things. This can be done with surprisingly little knowledge and ability, and such devices are commercially available. The GPS system is fine; the problem is that anyone can flick a switch and mess with it. The US military does not have some kind of magic device to stop that happening. "The GPS system may be an exception to the purity argument." It is very definitely not. With one device I can mess with everyone's nav system, if everyone uses GPS. If there was a mix of systems being used; GPS, Galileo, GLONASS, the forthcoming COMPASS, the regional Beidou and other such regional systems, LORAN and eLORAN ground-based systems, inertial navigation systems (Which aren't brilliant but are getting better) and various other options, I will have a much, much harder time of messing with everyone's navigation. If you build it, they will come. From recent days, give people a 1Gbps connection, with a decent upstream, and they'll use it despite what the market research claimed in advance (go go, Kansas). Time and time again, when you give people a useful tool they can adapt to their own needs, they will find ways to use it. Give people the ability to define an object they want built out of plastic, and they will use it. Oh, how they'll use this. The ability to make any shape object out of plastic in your own home? The uses people find for this are going to be endless. I was hoping it was about Joanna Rutkowska :( They would save more time by simply not coming here. They can save lots and lots of time by not reading anything. Additional knowledge takes time to read and then adds time to your decision making process. Too many choices. These people should just write out a schedule and keep to it perfectly. No distractions, no extras, no discovery. No need for people to read things to understand them. Simply let someone else read them for you and tell you what to think. Agreed; the (possibly impossible) goal of any sensible government should be full unemployment. HN is an internationally read site. Things that are illegal in some countries are not illegal in others. As responsible citizens, it is up to the individual to not engage in illegal activities in the region said individual is in. Both of those sound like good things. Brand name companies like Enron, WorldCom, Lehman Brothers, Bear Sterns... Only if it uses violence or the threat thereof; otherwise, it's theft. Because some of the bacteria remain. Not enough to make you feel unhealthy. Enough to breed and spread. These survivors are the ones that were most resistant to the antibiotics. Now they have less competition. They will breed more bacteria. More bacteria who inherit their improved resistance to antibiotics. Some of their children will be even more resistant. Some of their children will end up in someone else who, just like you, did not finish the course of antibiotics and, just like you, ended up being an incubator for a hardier, more antibiotic resistant strain. Eventually, the children are completely resistant and they laugh in the face of antibiotics, and then people start dying. People you never met. People who might be generations down the line from you infected with a super-resistant strain that can be traced back to you and others like you. "People often tell me to make stuff, and when I do, I follow tutorials and simply copy what I'm told to write to move on." That's not making stuff. You have to think about it yourself. Programming is not memorising syntax and copying other people. Programming is thinking about solving problems in a way suited to the tools you have. That is what you need to work on. Actually, for what I do, they are paying me too much. They'd know if they were able to monitor what I do all day. Sounds like some kind of OCD obsessive, or the plot to a bad sci-fi movie. Hinge your existence on your code? What does that even mean? I code therefore I am? How good is "good enough", anyway? It's quite possible to churn out decent code without it being the hinge of one's existence. The same comment goes on to say "When you jump of the cliff their is exponential growth before you hit the ground. When its time to pay bills well climb back up the cliff when you get to the top of it you will find your self much further." so there's either an awful lot being lost in translation, or this is someone to whom coherent thought does not come easily. Because you've been a bad, bad boy and now you're going to be punished... :p Follow the link, watch the video that pops up... some guy walking around fiddling with a tablet. What's being sold here? The tablet? Some software? Services? No idea... watch for thirty seconds... still no idea... click the "about" button... more pictures of someone's shoes. Maybe they're selling shoes. It's no crazier than any other "paradigm-redefining" introspective code blog post we see the web churn out day after day. What is it that you wish to learn? If you're a self-taught programmer who wants to learn (to use an extreme example) bricklaying, then you won't have much use for the standard undergrad CS reading list. Similarly, if you want to be a better programmer, the list will be different to that of the standard undergrad CS reading list. Can you tell us what your goal here is? Do you actually want to do CS, or do you want to fill in some of the theoretical gaps that might be useful to you as a coder, or do you actually not care so much about the theory and just want to be a better programmer? "I would be concerned too as a parent if a teacher's aid did that" How is that concerning? If she'd posted a picture of herself executing kittens, or planning a series of gruesome murders, yes, sure, that's concerning. But a pictures of pants and ankles? How is that something to be concerned about? Or are you saying that you don't think that's anything to worry about, but you only want your children to be near adults who spend their lives in some kind of insane fearful paranoia? If that IS what you want, what's wrong with YOU? What kind of people would your children turn into if every adult they ever met was a terrified paranoic? Right on. We all know C has always been the big one :) Because it's really hard to read the book in the dark. Ba-dum TISH. This sounds like OOP gone horribly wrong. OOP isn't for the code's benefit; it's for _my_ benefit. Some problems can be easily thought about in terms of independent objects; it makes it easy to work out the solution, and to code an elegant, coherent solution. Some problems just don't suit that kind of thinking. Applying OOP to something it's not suited for and then blaming OOP for the resultant mess is just silly. "I wish more developers treated learning to program like learning a foreign language. When you're learning a foreign language, your #1 goal is to cast off any poor grammar or pronunciation and sound like an intelligent native speaker." I'm not sure that's true at all. When I learn a foreign language, my aim is to be able to communicate. The extra effort required to be perfect far outweighs what I need from it. The native speakers I talk to are quite capable of taking my bad grammar and understand my meaning. Wanting to sound like an intelligent native speaker isn't just at the bottom of my list of needs; it's not even on the list. When learning a programming language, I have no choice; I must have perfect grammar. "Such poor communication skills would be humiliating when trying to communicate in a foreign language" Not at all, in my experience. Simply having some simple grasp of the local language is met with delight; just having made the effort goes a long way, even if the locals themselves prefer to speak with me in English. "Obviously the iPhone was revolutionary." The iPhone's marketing was very good. I'm not sure there was anything revolutionary about it. Edit: Rather than answer individuals below, I'll state my terms here. Revolutionary indicates a complete change - the overturning of all that was before. We already had phones, we already had pocket computers, we already had phones that were pocket computers, we already had phones that were pocket computers that you could get extra programs for, we already had increasing use of them as time went on. We already had. "Revolution: A forcible overthrow of a government or social order for a new system." By your own definition; _same_ system, just different controller, so no revolution. "the purpose of a computer is to connect to the Internet." That's either horribly badly worded (the purpose of _this_ computer is to connect to the internet, perhaps?) or demonstrates a phenomenally narrow view of the world. For something that implies on the cover that it is going to get real about build wep apps, there's very little actual building of web apps in there. If that's the goal, we can reduce fatalities to zero by all being sterilized. Once we're all dead, there will be no humans left and the human death rate drops to zero, permanantly. I've been a programmer for more than a decade and 18 hour days are few and far between. This bizarre obsession with long hours seems to be common in a very small segment of the programming industry. "if we are simply the same as the females, how do I prove my manhood?" Why do you feel the need to? A piece about the future being from the future? Sounds pretty sensible to me :) All of us? All of you, perhaps. Wrong kind of tex :p http://www.kickstarter.com/projects/251414413/tex-murphy-pro... That makes no sense to me. I know exactly what skills my company needs (or rather, what the hiring people look for on the CV). I know exactly what the interview is looking for. I know exactly what programming language to brush up on, and I know the complete set of coding problems set in the interview. I know it so well that the last person I recommended (for the recruitment bounty) breezed through after I tipped her off on the coding questions. I could get through the whole process easily. I doubt I'm the only person. What kind of people set questions in interviews without knowing what answer they're hoping for? How do they know if the candidate is any good if they don't know the answer themselves? That sounds.... well, it sounds insane. More internet misogyny. Fortunately, this one comes with a way to actual give for the cause. "any new language today should be all beginner friendly" I disagree. I think any new language should be designed to best meet the kind of problem it's being created to deal with. Making it "beginner friendly" (whatever that means - I bet there are lots of different interpretations) is a nice extra, but should not come at the expense of solving the problems. "In fact, only the one who is more beginner friendly will survive in the long run" That makes no sense to me. In any industry with a sizeable number of workers, there is a huge range of tools, from the entry level easy-to-use up to the fantastically intricate and arcane. Tools that are not "beginner friendly" are that way for a reason. As an example, assembly code is never going away; for the obvious reason that if nobody understands it, nobody can write compilers, and also because there are cases where knowing assembly is useful and helps to make better code, whether it's taking apart the code to really, truly get every last clock-cycle of power out of the thing, or to take apart code in the search for arcane bugs and wonderfully subtle interactions causing unexpected behaviour. Assembly is old, and will never go away, and is (for most meanings of the phrase) not beginner-friendly. The only advantage to a language being "beginner friendly" is that beginners can learn it fast. What you then get are inexperienced programmers who know just enough to be dangerous (this is not an attack on them; it's the case in any industry with a low barrier to entry, and a stepping stone to being better). One expert, experienced programmer with knowledge of a "beginner unfriendly" language is worth literally dozens of first-day coders wielding their hand-holding, garbage-collecting, counting-begins-at-one modern version of BASIC. That is never going to change, and every first-day coder wants to become that expert. Even if somehow all the non-"beginner friendly" languages died, the very next day someone who'd been coding in this "beginner friendly" language for a decade would finally get sick of it and start designing a language she can truly express herself in without having all the hand-holding that holds her back. So if you ever did something bad, you can't stop other people doing it? An ex-thief gone straight should watch and do nothing as someone is robbed in front of him? A reformed killer must turn away as someone is murdered in front of her? A nation that manages to start on the road away from its prejudices must turn a blind eye to the suffering of other peoples? Do they have multi-billion dollar globe-spanning industries and vast amounts of lobbying power? A handful of people making lots of money does not make it any less a niche or novelty. Yes, but in my case it's the kind of business done out of interest rather than to turn a profit. Like running a second-hand bookstore in a building you own in Paris, opening at lunchtime and spending the day swapping chit-chat and literary references over coffee and chess with a handful of regulars and the occasional wage-slave who sneaked out of work. Their prime target - windows users - are in general confused by the concept of Linux distributions. Calling it just Ubuntu, and having PPAs and apps (or "computer programs" as old-timers call them) just for Ubuntu (or at least, that will definitely "just work" in Ubuntu) will make it easier to get windows users. "I expect an objection that assumes for-profit businesses don't act rationally to maximize profit, I won't pursue that." Why not? Sounds like a valid objection that undermines your entire argument. Well I do think it is, and I've provided as much argument as you, so I suppose we'll just have to accept that we'll never know. "For some reason, people in IT often seem to think the law doesn't apply to you if you act within sly nod nod, wink wink guidelines." Which UK law would that be? As I understand it, that's the contentious issue. That he didn't break the law. I understand (from your own source article) that people who very much are lawyers disagree that providing a link is a crime, and that the only UK prosecution of such did not provide a decision either way. Again, something these people can simulate at home :) "Oh, it's funny to see people trying to prove gamers harass Anita just because she is a woman." There is a game in which one can simulate punching her in the face, with realistic looking bruising and facial injuries, quite clearly evoking the horrific sub-culture amongst some males that hurting women is entertaining and funny. Pick someone else who did something "stupid" online and see if you can find a game simulating realistic facial injuries on them. You find it funny? I'm not laughing. Serious question. Do you genuinely not see the qualitative difference between that kind of cartoony game involving a major public figure, and the game with the images you can see on the original post? In your mind, are they essentially the same thing? Not trying to be nasty; to many, many people they are of completely different intent, but I am aware that some people just cannot sense that kind of thing. I appreciate that you like to participate on the internet by speaking out loud and typing what you hear yourself say; once you've done that, you can go back and remove the "um" from the start. Avoid the Lego aimed at girl-children, though. It's rubbish compared to the good stuff. I disagree. Firstly, whilst the ends do not justify the means, this was an incredible technological and cultural achievement. Humanity's first, faltering step out of the cradle. Secondly, two great warrior tribes holding enough weaponry to kill every human on the planet many, many times over hold guns to each other's heads... and then divert competition from violence into technological achievement. The message no longer just "I'm best because I'm stronger" but now also smarter, more technologically advanced. Means of competition that does actually give the world a brighter future, rather than just ending it for the other tribe. That's nice that she likes it. What makes it rubbish is that it's generally far less intricate, with far fewer separate pieces and far fewer assembly steps. These things are what makes lego so neat. What you have here is rubbish lego, with a picture of a flower on. Great. The United States will, I think, continue to see this for a long time. U.S. internal propaganda is very effective at convincing people that they are not so much poor as temporarily embarrassed millionaires, and as such political movements to change the system against poverty are met with disapproval by the people who need it the most. Didn't the country at large just drop enormous sums of money propping up failed companies full of rich people? Edit: Additionally, I think "wealth" and "money" are not the same thing and as such any argument that the wealth of the poor is being unfairly taken cannot be denied purely on the grounds that they don't pay much in tax. Their wealth is being taken before they even see a monetary representation of it. Is Zuckerberg a particularly skilled programmer? Is he some kind of business genius, churning out an endless string of sure-fire hits? Or did he get insanely lucky and cash in before it all fell apart? To code in Python or Scratch you need a working PC. This is a working PC for a fraction of the price of a Dell desktop. That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying that wealth is not the same thing as dollars. Live streaming webcam from your bedroom please. If you're not doing anything illegal in there, you're happy to do that, I assume? Further to techinsidr's link, here is El Reg's take. This is not the first time Indian authorities have claimed to have keys that arguably don't exist (did they mean THESE keys, did they mean THOSE keys, the debate rages in the comments :p ), and it won't be the last. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/08/02/rim_keys_india/ Here in the U.S., the local monopoly would have had the law changed to make this illegal :) Iran is _already_ considered a pariah state that nobody wants any dealings with. And..... bang! It's easier to pirate it, so I will. When it's difficult to give someone my money, I just won't bother. I am well aware that the world of international publishing is a convoluted mess (Charles Stross covers it well over on antipope); I'm not sympathetic enough to that mess to be willing to get charged such disparate amounts. Hate this, it's pointless. :p Brilliant. Everything about this just emphasises his point :) Hack themselves to perform better, surely? This ruling is going to harm family and friends. Here in the UK, about 850 sq ft is the average for a new home. Less than half. Please do not complain about having lots of room until you've had to live here :) http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14916580 When it comes to governments and houses, the British public are idiots who accept whatever is waved in front of them I prefer to think of it as showing that the British public are idiots, fooled by the rich to think that the UK is almost all built over (seriously, it's common for people to come up with values like 50% urbanised, or even more, when they are asked to estimate; it's actually about 10%, and of that around half is gardens and other green spaces) and fed a constant barrage of propaganda about how important it is to borrow as much money as they possibly can to buy over-priced, badly built houses our grandparents would be ashamed of. I now relinquish my soapbox :p How is that possibly the root cause of the problem? Right now, there IS enough food to feed these people; it's being stolen before they get it. "My point is why give free food at all?" Because these people are starving? Is that not a good reason? "Besides India is such a big country that monitoring these things is nearly impossible." I disagree very strongly. Monitoring food distribution scales really well. You add monitors. That's it. If you want concrete examples of effectively monitoring things over large areas I can provide some. If the monitors themselves are corrupt then the problem is not that somehow monitoring big things is impossible. The problem is corruption. Edit: For sillysaurus, because he asked. Walmart effectively monitors food distribution over the US. Power companies effectively monitor the power grids over large areas. Electoral commissions (in some countries) effectively monitor elections over large areas. (2) If you do not feed starving people you then have dead people. This is the end state we wish to avoid. Setting up a system so that you do not need to keep feeding them yourself is a good idea. It does not negate the need to feed them now to avoid them being dead. You have presented a straw man argument. My idea; feed them now and change the system so they are fed in the future. Your idea; change the system so they are fed in the future. You say that your idea creates fewer dead people (or, we should say since every person alive will die, fewer people dying of starvation) than my idea. I disagree. "I don't think that your desire to feel good about yourself" Please, please, do not project your moralising onto me. I don't give a fuck how I feel. For what it's worth, I find myself suspecting that you have the particularly Western faith (and it is a faith) in the mythical free-market as a solution to all problems of supply. I say this because I don't know if it's true or not, and given that I suspect it is, it's only fair to voice it so you can correct me (or not). Late edit: You choose not to address our differing strategies, or correct any misapprehension I might have about yours (which, as above, seems to be the same as mine, except that I also feed people now) and instead spout more airy, unspecified junk about how my strategy (which is the same as yours, with the addition of food now as well) is harmful without explaining how. Fine. I didn't really expect an addressing of the facts. It's HN all over. Every problem simply must have a clever "hacky" solution that would read well in the Freakonomics blog and magically make everything better. By this logic, the humane thing to do now is to create a super-virus that kills all humanity. No more human misery, ever. Thanks for that. :) Are there plumbing pages where people teach their children to plumb, or dry-walling speciality sites where folks discuss how to get their kids into plasterwork? Is this just a few cases, or is there something about programming that makes people think it should be done by everyone? I recall not so long ago a thread about how programming should be taught at school alongside English (read "mastery of relevant language" for non-English speaking nations) and Maths. Is it possible for you to expand on this? To give just one example, plumbing is far more fundamental to civilisation and we're happy to have a trained cadre of plumbers, and for most people to go their whole lives with no knowledge of it. Do plumbers wander round shaking their heads and wondering why nobody else knows how to do it? We already have a subject taught for that. Maths. As an aside, to the extent that when we're hiring fresh grad programmers, their maths ability is a better indication of future quality than their programming ability. We find it easier to teach people who can think how to program than the other way around. Seems like it does a lot more than just log keys. Here's a list of features from wikileaks.org/spyfiles/files/0/289_GAMMA-201110-FinSpy.pdf · Covert Communication with Headquarters · Full Skype Monitoring (Calls, Chats, File Transfers, Video, Contact List) · Recording of common communication like Email, Chats and Voice-over-IP · Live Surveillance through Webcam and Microphone · Country Tracing of Target · Silent extracting of Files from Hard-Disk · Process-based Key-logger for faster analysis · Live Remote Forensics on Target System I do like the youtube crowd comments. As always, a vast number (referring to the fantastic work of the film crew) stating essentially "I don't know how to do this, therefore it's impossible and this is staged". Any time I find myself starting to trust humanity, it's a handy antidote. It is nice to hear a story involving the police in which they're helpful and effective rather than spraying protesters/journalists/bystanders with pepper-spray. It's powered by love of crafting stuff :p "Anyway you slice it, he's no better than the Russian mobsters that steal credit card numbers." That's incorrect. He is better than the Russian mobsters that steal credit card numbers. I have presented as much evidence and analysis for my conclusion as you did, so they must be equally valid. "If you think everything should be free, then please leave your address so I can help myself to your stuff." I am happy to describe to you something I own so that you can make a copy of it. Gosh, it's almost as if copying something isn't actually the same as taking a physical object from someone. I have no interest in writing a book. Why would I do that for you? I said "I am happy to describe to you something I own so that you can make a copy of it". That is not - I repeat - not the same as "I am happy to write a decent book, edit it properly so you can understand it, make it pithy, smart and worth reading so you can get the most of my "description", pay someone to draw some decent diagrams, etc, and then ship it over". If you can't see the difference between those two things then your perception and judgement is so hopelessly skewed as to render almost anything you say inherently untrustworthy. If you can see the difference, then you know full well that you've constructed a false argument. Why you would do that I have no idea. Maybe you don't like the argument at hand and you want to change it to one you do like. Maybe you're suggesting that someone else who had done all those things would not be so keen to let someone copy it. That's great. I'm not someone else. As an aside, I do not think that piracy is okay. I do think it's not the same as taking physical property. I do think it's not the same as selling credit card numbers. That's my argument. With driverless cars, the largest expense of taxis - the driver - disappears. The driver of a taxi needs to make enough in a day to cover the periods when there are no fares, or travel from a low fare-density area back to the high fare-density areas (and in some regions with ridiculously constrained supply of taxis via "badges" or other such anti-competitive pro-monopoly legislation, to pay the ridiculous fee to just operate a cab). With the drivers removed, you now have a fleet of taxis that can run 24 hours a day (minus maintenance etc.), cost zero to just sit and wait for a fare, and can be managed and coordinated easily to migrate across the changing fare-density regions throughout the day. If the price and convenience goes down enough, various groups of people stop needing cars. They just use the "get me a cab" app on their smartphone (or just use the regular telephone) to get a cab when they need it. If this creates a positive feedback loop of cheaper & more convenient -> more people using it -> more taxis deploted -> cheaper & more convenient etc., then in some high-population areas, owning a car will become an unnecessary extravagance. Operated automatically gives scope for further savings; heading from point A to point C via B, and someone in B is also going to C? You'll get offered a "share this ride for this discount" option. All this leads, hopefully, to fewer cars needed to provide the same number of journeys, at lower cost. So, how do I go about shorting the car manufacturers? :p Useful in what sense? Are you _using_ an operating system? What language was that written in? So how useful is it? NB: I'm taking your comments to apply equally to C as C++, given the prevalence of C in operating systems. If you really would not have said the same thing about C, I retract my comments. The majority of Westeners know the following about cars; turn the wheel thing to pick a direction, push one pedal to go faster and one to go slower. Some of them also know how to operate the stick thingy. Removing this tiny scrap of knowledge is hardly returning to Ludditehood. "there are still going to be extraordinary driving situations in which the obvious thing to do would be clear to any reasonable human but not an autonomous car without serious general purpose AI" I believe that any such situation that could not be dealt with by simply coming to a safe halt is currently very badly handled by humans. I believe that they could be better handled with the _current_ state of the art, let alone advances we see over the next few decades. I'm not arguing that they could be perfectly handled; just that the machines can do better than the average meat-bag. I control my urge to drink by having a drink. Urge to eat, by eating. Urge to have sex, by having sex. Just to throw in another data point; I have never worked on or in secure Operating Systems and have no particular interest in them. I recognise the name Joanna Rutkowska and I am aware that she is well-known and respected in this field. In my case at least, she's well-known enough that people outside the field have heard of her. Once again, a refusal to acknowledge the difference between taking a physical object and making a copy of some information. They're DIFFERENT THINGS. I'll say that again for the hard of thinking. Taking a physical object is NOT the same as making a copy of some information. Put another way, just to make sure, making a copy of some information is NOT THE SAME as taking a physical object. Was it also surprising that no school ever had compulsory classes in agriculture/electricity/plumbing/electronics/medicine/all the other things that cause such changes in society, or is programming somehow special? I recall one of the most interesting and intellectually-stimulating aspects of university was going into lectures/labs/libraries of other degree subjects. Restricting access like this is not to increase privacy, whatever that means in this context (what, you only want privacy from people not doing the same degree?); it's a means of putting everyone into neat little boxes to make admin easier, and an attempt to placate the almighty Gods of Security. "I'm also going to go out on a limb and guess that this study doesn't account for the inevitable malware when the majority of vehicles are communicating with each other." It's not inevitable. The simple solution to malware - just don't run any software you didn't have when you were first turned on - seems pretty solid here. Software updates handled the way airliners do it - not by letting the consumer reach out into the aether and grabbing whatever shiny malware infested dreck he can find. The front end tends to be a command line. Maybe with a config file in plain text if I'm feeling generous. Not much design in it. I think you missed the point in a big way. In the news today; getting high makes some people better parents and, frankly, better people. "Use the rear view mirror to imagine telling someone just twenty five years ago about GPS." People _did_ tell each other about GPS twenty five years ago. Twenty five years ago it was a decade old working navigational system. Some of the ubiquitous futuristic technology we have is older than one might think. The article indicates they already exist. "...home versions for little more than $1,000 (or half that in kit form)." This is incorrect. Coders are as diverse as people. Some work for the money, some like coding, some hope to move up to management, some are marking time until they find something better, some are this, some are that; they cross the whole spectrum of humanity just like everyone else. You thought (some people think) it was where people went if they didn't make Oxbridge, but you didn't realise it was highly ranked? That makes little sense. Syntax error. Surely should be this-> :p During all your years on sentry duty, how often did you find yourself in situations where you needed to shoot someone? Do the police find themselves in that situation more frequently (or are they significantly more likely to)? Also, in the event that you did, how far away was your nearest armed support? Sixty seconds? Less? "A picture of an officer talking to an elderly lady isn't going to attract young adults" I disagree. It wouldn't attract young adults with fantasies of paramilitary action and an urge to wear uniform and wave guns around. There are many other kinds of young adults who will be attracted by the idea of responsible public service and being a helpful part of the community. Clearly, the decision has been made about which kind of recruit to attract; ironically, exactly the kind of person I'd least like to have authority and weapons. "How does the police department owning a armored personnel carrier help a patrol officer at a traffic stop?" And how does the USN carrying nuclear weapons help you check passes at the gate? That aside, yes, my suggestion was that the police are more likely to need the firepower than you were, and were more likely to have to get by on their own for longer before support turned up. "But I see no mention in global media that the societies wracked by protests know this." There are no societies wracked by protest over this. It's a handful of high visibility, orchestrated protests (which generally seem to be anti-America rather than anti-theActualFilm) scoring media attention while most people get on with their lives. I was hoping for a whimsical piece discussing malevolent AIs from popular culture. Speaking in general terms, lawyers are a sign of a sick society. The law should be a set of agreed rules by which we all agree to abide in order to create a better society for everyone. If we need a specialised profession to explain to us what the rules we all implicitly agreed to abide by say we should do, or as is often the case not even explain to us but just tell us the outcome, the rules are no longer fit for purpose. I disagree that my view assumes a lack of self-interest. I think it's possible to have real societies in which people can understand the rules (not necessarily choose to abide by them, but understand them) without a specialised profession to tell them what the rules mean. Self-interest has nothing to do with my suggestion that it should be possible to understand the rules of the society one lives in. Software engineering and/or programming is a vast, vast field. Anything you can express logically, someone somewhere is expressing in software. This "or you're lucky enough to be working within a narrow area where your deficit doesn't matter" should read "or you're lucky enough to be working outside this narrow area so your deficit doesn't matter". If fairness is a fundamental or key part of a nation's identity or principles, then removing that fairness is an attack on the nation and is a national security matter. Securing a nation isn't just ensuring that foreign people don't steal it. I would be very secure in my job if everyone I competed with for it had been an amphetamine addict since the age of ten. On the downside, I dread to think of the code speed-freaks would churn out after 18 hours jazzed up, ten years into their addiction. When did Atwood jump the shark? I think he was when he started blogging about coding for a living, instead of coding for a living. "There was the founder of Kwelia.com, which makes software that helps landlords mint more money from their properties" Is that really the economist I'm reading? If even they're getting sick of the rentier class the revolution can't be far behind! ..."Quantum Mechanics and General Relativity and String Theory. These theories may have had merit at some point..." Is QM without merit now? Seriously, is this a meaning of the word "merit" I'm not familiar with? I do sometimes trip over American and British differences. As far as I can tell, this is a crank site promoting a pet theory, and should be trusted as far as one expects. You're not buying something. You're not trying to gamble and get back something worth more than you put in. You're donating to a cause. Propaganda involves a deliberate attempt to provoke a desired emotional reaction. As a rough rule of thumb, if the author seeks to make you feel rather than think, it's propaganda. This is generally done with techniques such as distortion of facts, omission of truths, caricatured images, extreme simplification of complex situations and so forth. Contrary to some opinions, propaganda is not just about making you dislike someone or something else. Montages of your own people/accomplishments/military force, accompanied by stirring music, for example, is propaganda. For readers outside the UK, it is worth knowing a little context about the Daily Mail. The Daily Mail is a newspaper in the loosest sense of the word. It is essentially a propaganda rag, flattering its readership by provoking their emotions on topics such as women in the workplace (which is a bad thing and gives them cancer), women not in the workplace (which is a bad thing and gives them cancer), the causes of cancer [1], immigrants, taxes and house prices. Bizarrely, for a publication with such a high female readership, it's remarkably misogynistic. Typical readers are middle-aged to the elderly, who do not like having their assumptions challenged and find catharsis in the simplicity of the world as presented by the Daily Mail. The phrase "Daily Mail reader" has become shorthand for someone demonstrating characteristics such as ignorance, extremely simple viewpoints on complex situations, and bigotry poorly veiled under spurious numerical data or contextless "factoids". [1] http://kill-or-cure.heroku.com/ The Daily Mail, however, is often wrong and frequently guilty of the sins I list above. Demonstrably so. Sometimes, we sneer at something not because it makes us look good (or, as you put it, to demonstrate "progressive credentials", and your assumption that I want to do that is insulting and ignorant, thank you very much), but because it genuinely is dross. If you like, I can balance the equation by criticising the Guardian for its ridiculous adherence to leftist views despite the most ferocious evidence in its own pages, or we can do the Economist which suggests less regulation as the solution to almost any problem that exists. Edit to respond to comment below: Of course it's doing something right. It's selling newspapers. It does it by, as I said, flattering its readership and presenting them emotional sensations that confirm their beliefs. That doesn't make it worthy or correct. It makes it admirable only in a "magnificent bastards" kind of way. They know what they're doing and they do it very well. This I did not know, but it doesn't surprise me. If you can tell me which sections these young females gravitate towards, that would be very helpful; do they go for the bitchy celebrity gossip (which is frequently noticeably harsher towards female celebrities)? Your comment is confusing. The Daily Mail IS right wing. That said, the Telegraph relies much less on emotional response and raw propaganda, and also does not seem to dedicate a vast amount of its time (almost as much as the Express does on house prices) to dividing the universe into things that cause or cure cancer (or sometimes both). I couldn't care less what the Mail's political leaning is; its a style thing rather than a (lack of) content thing. Thanks for your view. It's more or less what I hear from everyone who doesn't like that I consider their favoured newspaper to be imperfect. I do check it frequently, yes. I do note that it continues to be dross. The soft porn is exactly as expected; just enough to satisfy its target audience without having to cross the line into actual porn like The Sun or similar, enabling Mail readers to feel good about themselves. I don't avert my eyes from it. I like looking at attractive women, although when I want porn, I just go to the internet. Why the hell would I avert my eyes? The obscenities in the Mail are in the written text; not the pictures. "Any chance of a few links to the painstakingly gathered statistics that,no doubt overwhelmingly support your searing analysis." I think you're being facetious, so no, do your own research. There is lots and lots out there. Start with (the sadly no longer maintained) DailyMailWatch and go from there. What I've said isn't new. Please either say what you mean (which is at least something the Mail manages to do) or take your passive-aggressive nonsense somewhere else. You read the Mail? Then you know what I've said is true, unless actually you only read the mail and you just don't realise, in which case you've got a sample-size of one and anything you say about the subject is hopelessly ill-informed. Women entering tech is not feminist propaganda. Calling it that does, however, demonstrate your own biases (and that you don't understand the word "feminist" or the word "propaganda". "women entering tech is indeed not feminist propaganda" Well that's the complete opposite of what you said before. My work here is done. The rest of your comment I won't even bother reading. Fear not; I commend you on recognising that your original comment was flawed and applaud you explicitly acknowledging it. This was ever the way. The needs (and goals) of a peacetime armed forces (which is what the US still has, despite meandering wars in the Middle East still running) are different to those of a wartime armed forces. The only question is how quickly, given the shift to wartime footing, one can replace the peacetime command with that needed to win wars. "natural struggle for power between the sexes" There's nothing natural about such a struggle. It's cultural. The majority of the cost of a taxi is the driver. He has to be paid for a day's work, even when he spends most of that day waiting for a fare. No driver, no driver costs. Also, many regions don't bother with the ridiculous monopoly system of "medallions". I can start a mini-cab firm in my area without any such artificial supply restrictions at all. At which point do these guys simply become a lynch mob? "You were repulsed by the above description of this imaginary site." No really, no. Everything described already exists (except the sex-cred, and the geo-tagging is rather manual); simply not on the open internet. I think it's possible that it's actually just some people wanting to control other people (and setting their sights on weaker people to improve chances of success), and given the biological differences between men and women that leave women with significantly less muscle mass and mass in general, for any given male choosing to act in this way, women are on average easier targets. "Good intentions are the opposite of good actions." Maybe it loses something in the translation. If I had to guess, I would have said that bad intentions are the opposite of good intentions. Anyway, given that an awful lot of good actions start with good intentions, this doesn't seem a very useful saying at all. "That looks like sexism to me." You say that as if letting someone's gender affect your decisions is somehow, magically, inherently always ALWAYS wrong. It isn't. Some situations it is. Some situations it is not. Tell me, when assigning hotel rooms at a conference, and some people have requested to share a room to economise, and requested to be paired with people of the same sex, would you ignore people's gender and pick room-sharers randomly out of a hat? Trivial example, yes, but a simple way to demonstrate that sometimes deciding on basis of gender is not actually wrong. When I hire, I think about what each applicant will bring to the team. There are noticeable differences between a team in which every member exhibits stereotypical male behaviour and characteristics, and a team in which some members exhibit stereotypical male behaviour and characteristics whilst some other members exhibit stereotypical female behaviour and characteristics. Sometimes, the second kind of team is better suited for a task than the first, and as a bonus, often the stereotypical males behave better and don't act like children. The only reliable way I've found to bring stereotypical female behaviour and characteristics to the team is to hire someone who actually has those characteristics, and nine times out of ten that person is female. If I ignored that, it'd be like taking a stance where I ignored things such as someone's employment history, or their education history. The problem with TL;DR is people saying it and expecting to be applauded for their keen ability to lose focus after five lines, whereas they actually appear like some kind of idiot child presenting a truly godawful crayon scribbling. "It gives you access to other cube mates fairly easily" If those cube-mates have to spend a lot of time thinking about things, this can be very bad news indeed. I see it all the time, and I think DeMarco poked at it in Peopleware all those years ago. If it takes someone ten to fifteen minutes to get into a mental flow situation, holding the context of their task in their head and thinking about, a cube-mate leaning over to ask something they could have looked up for themselves in a minute saves that cube-mate one minute, and costs the interrupted thinker several minutes to get back into flow. I even see it reach the point where people who know they really need to think about something gather up their paper and disappear elsewhere in the building. Singapore is English speaking. It's the first language for about a third, with about 20% having no capacity in English. It's the language of business, government and education. "This, it turns out, really harms the capacity for governments to make decisions that make everyone better off on average but might make any given small region of people unhappy (say, by building a powerplant or a garbage dump)." Can you explain why? I don't understand this. I would have thought that, for example, given a country of 50 districts, and the decision is being made "shall we build this dump in district 1", you'll get 49 voting yes and the representative of district 1 voting no.