A self-paced version of that course is (still) available now: https://class.stanford.edu/courses/Engineering/Compilers/Fal... Possible downside: Apple could end up bidding against Tesla for employees, factories, and rare materials; increasing the price of electric cars and slowing Tesla's production and growth, while not producing many cars itself for some time. That's what I thought at first too, but as I thought about it, I began to wonder. They certainly have the chutzpah to try, and they have an ocean of money to spend overseas. A longshot bet on building another trillion dollar product might be preferable to paying corporate and personal income tax on dividends. I think bdcravens means that to install Go from source on, say, a new Linux box, we will have to download a binary version of Go first, even though we probably already have gcc. What happens if this catches on, and PyPy replaces CPython, and other languages do the same? Hassles for those who prefer to install from source, and potentially a lot of duplication of effort writing compiler backends in every language. After 9/11, a lot of Americans wanted to see "the terrorists" suffer, but there may be something dangerous about a person who can bear to personally inflict the torture. Just having people in power who are willing to order torture worries me. No, I was just pointing out a drawback. Of course there are advantages too. In this particular case, though, I wonder why the Go team is planning to spend a lot of effort rewriting an already existing compiler. Rewriting a popular project from scratch can be a dangerous temptation. I agree the installation issues are fairly trivial; they were just a response to the original comment. But the duplication of effort (which won't end when the "GoGo" compiler is ready to replace cgo), and a potential freeze in Go while "GoGo" catches up, are more serious drawbacks. Yes, that is a trade-off other compiler teams have made, and it may be the right choice for Go as well, but it should be (and no doubt has been) considered. "There is a joy in programming with Haskell. ... There's so much working Haskell code out there, that you can just stare at days for and not really understand (but always use!)." Is that a positive quality of Haskell? A professor once told me he studied pure math _because_ it had no applications. Industrial jobs required a great deal of skill until they were broken down into easy tasks and each worker learned only one task. The work of imagining, planning, and creating the Industrial Revolution occupied the greatest minds of that time. I find it difficult to imagine "assembly lines" for software, creating coding jobs within the reach of a 50 year old truck driver, but as the tools improve, who knows. I agree, but that attitude makes sense from a certain perspective (shared by much of the government, and parts of the media and corporate leadership). It's more like _your girlfriend_ getting mad at your friend for telling you she was cheating. Or "We would have gotten away with it if not for that meddling kid." Along with the legal gymnastics regarding independent contractors, this struck me as notable: "If Solominsky had built his own handyman business, he would not be so impacted by the decisions of another company. But all he has of his supposedly independent business—his pages and pages of glowing reviews, his nearly unanimous five-star ratings—is tied up on the TaskRabbit platform." Something to keep in mind as/before we replace an economy built on independent small businesses with an economy of "independent" Uber drivers, Amazon sellers, etc. Sorry about ruining the joke, but "the French and Indian War" is simply the name Americans gave to their part in the Seven Years War, a worldwide war between France (and allies) and Britain (and allies). Britain did win. For anyone who hasn't seen this story: http://marshallbrain.com/manna1.htm The about page says these photos are curated from the web and submitted by users. How do you ensure that they fall under the Creative Commons CC0 license? Is there a free, light tutorial book like "For Great Good" for OCaml? You can keep an ORM and use SQL only when needed, for example passing raw queries to the ORM, or using a view in the database engine. Or use homegrown database wrapper module(s) and keep compile time checking in the vast majority of the code. I think learning SQL when you already know LINQ is a bit like learning C when you know C#. Knowing one makes it easier to learn the other, and there's value to understanding the underlying abstraction layer, but you'll avoid using it if you can. I really like this book, but I think it may be teaching some bad habits by ignoring performance concerns. Fair enough. I guess I mean to say that I really like this book, and would enjoy more from the author teaching fast Haskell, to supplement this book about simple Haskell. I like the design, but why do you need to be able to create Tweets for your users and follow new people? I stopped when I saw that. I'd like to use this without e-mail, perhaps by building a list of technologies in a query string like https://vulnia.com?vulnerabilities=rails%2C%20ruby%2C%20mong... (naturally, that link doesn't work, or didn't when I wrote this) Thank you for changing the Twitter permissions. I signed up. This has potential. How does it work? My guess: a better RSS reader. This would be a slick design for that. Can I add sources other than the ones you've chosen? I like the short summaries, but where do they come from? I thought it might just be the first paragraph, but for "Feature Friday: Accept Bitcoin With Stripe", the summary comes from the middle of the article. Is it in fact from RSS? Also, I'd like to be able to mark my favorite articles, and view a list of my favorites. That's Grand Canyon Village, the existing visitor center in the National Park. I spent a week there once for a wilderness first responder course; it's very much a small town. The more they deny this is a problem, the more it damages their reputation. They should just admit the problem, thank the security experts, and develop an easy fix. Same problem. "We've limited requests for this url." No paywall via Google: https://www.google.com/search?q=%22Warning:+too+much+finance... I'll do that. Thanks for taking a look. Best of luck to you. I see a lot of hard work in your future. Here's hoping you can scale up fast enough to outpace demand and give everyone a good first impression. If anyone finds this in the future, resetting my router fixed the problem. I think that quote was about performance. Full context: > While it performs pretty well nowadays, it still isn’t competitive with C or C++ and, with a little love, Haskell and OCaml can or will eclipse it in that domain. But don't underestimate C and C++. They're still widely used; by some measures, moreso than Java. But preferable to what happens to abandoned closed source software. > ...providing all the advantages of NoSQL JSON document stores, while providing higher performance and richer functionality (such as native joins, and ACID guarantees instead of BASE consistency) Seems too good to be true. The performance impact of inserting/fetching multiple rows per object, multiple SQL joins for a single logical join, etc. would probably be significant. And indexing these tables seems to require indexing every name/value pair, not just the interesting fields. And, of course, the overhead of the translation layer itself. Also, are relational native joins and ACID guarantees still available at scale? The typical consumer would probably just give the app access to the GPS. The hard part is getting them to download it. Interesting research but not the most practical attack. That's native support for the data type; this paper is about a translation layer that sits on top of the DB. It loaded completely for me the first time, but doesn't allow download. A step toward open access, but they're still trying to claim copyright and control the work of others. My perception of the dress changed when I zoomed in super close on the white/gold version. (the version I didn't "see" before) > Script and Novelty fonts shouldn’t really be used on the web as they do not emphasize readability. Yet this article is full of novelty fonts. Perhaps the author meant to say that script and novelty fonts shouldn't be used for body text. Or the way the Canadian government dealt with the October Crisis in 1970, deploying the military and arresting 497 people, most without charge or bail. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/October_Crisis I've heard a plausible argument that federally guaranteed student loans fueled a huge increase in the cost of college ( http://nces.ed.gov/fastfacts/display.asp?id=76 ), and much of the increased income went to administrator salaries and new construction, rather than faculty. Perhaps it's time to force colleges to compete on price. > [From Uber's blog post] On September 17, 2014, we discovered that one of our databases could potentially have been accessed by a third party. A charitable interpretation might be that they discovered a vulnerability in September, but didn't find the May breach until recently. Needs some work to improve both relevance and ranking algorithms. For example: I'm watching the movie JFK, so I tried a search for Jack Ruby. I found a teacher named Jack Ruby's videos, the Ruby Fortune online casino, the bar Ruby Tuesday, and a lot of other irrelevant results. Nothing about the famous Jack Ruby in the first four pages. Every media source is biased. Even The Daily Show and Colbert Report. Even reddit and Hacker News are biased (reddit calls it the hivemind). That's not the same as being a propaganda source for government, unless the only viewpoint anyone is allowed to express is the one approved by the government. Most executives at non-webdev companies don't know anything about Rails, except what their staff and consultants tell them. If a fair number of those executives learn too late about the technical limitations of Rails, they probably do feel burned, and word gets around. http://rosettacode.org/ ? I find that it's similar in the US. Contractors do pay a tax that's paid by an employer (half of the Social Security and Medicare Tax, about 7.5%), but they can also claim more deductions. With long term contracts that provide reliable work, contracting pays well. But without benefits. If simply expressing a point of view is propaganda, we're all propaganda sources. The mainstream media expresses plenty of opinions the government doesn't share. Consider Fox News during the Obama administration. I agree. The media IS big business, owned by even bigger business, and that's their point of view. > monitoring online activities ... on official computers, block content which it feels is adversely affecting productivity ... and also have a right to delete e-mails or internet history Is this unusual in India? In the US this is normal. Or at least, describing the project for one. https://github.com/kanaka/mal/blob/90ab31710e9a495ba3aebf794... The Maven, HTML, C headers, and CSS are just support. Any chance we could customize which languages and which features to display? The article is pointing out that governments like to increase the money supply every year and Bitcoin doesn't allow that. But a purely digital currency need not be a distributed cryptocurrency with a limited supply like Bitcoin. From electronic transactions with the Fed down to direct deposits and debit and credit card purchases, US currency could function without paper bills already. Taxes. Much of the appeal of Bitcoin is the limited supply. But from a Keynesian government point of view, that's a flaw. A sovereign cryptocurrency without that limitation might be an interesting alternative to cash, but the bulk of our money couldn't be in a "hard" cryptocurrency unless we also eliminated fractional reserve banking. (Why? In short, with fractional reserve banking, the total value of everyones checking and savings accounts is far greater than the supply of currency, whether paper or crypto.) I didn't mean to start a discussion of FRB, simply consider that it's what we have, and abandoning it is an even more radical step than replacing cash with a cryptocurrency. > But the real hallmark of FRB is that banks only need hold in reserve a fraction of their depositors' account balances. I don't see how CC would change that requirement. My question is, what will a CC replace? If the answer is all cash and electronic transactions, will there be enough CC, with FRB? If the answer is simply cash transactions (already limited), what's the point? The history of the neural network question is an interesting case study in democratic moderation: http://stackoverflow.com/posts/3455660/revisions 100,000 emails too, with many more moderators: http://stackoverflow.com/posts/3905734/revisions > People in more expensive neighborhoods aren't willing to pay more The government specializes in making people do things they "aren't willing to do". Isn't it in Harvard's self-interest, and the interest of its students, to have a diverse (racially and in many other ways) student body that prepares students for a diverse world? Flipping that argument: Do American universities routinely discriminate against African Americans and Latinos as a consequence of reliance on standardized tests and curricula on which they are known to receive lower scores? Adjustment for the bias in these measures might correct for discrimination, not create it. It need not be mutually exclusive with racial diversity. I'm sure Harvard has more than one goal to balance in their admissions process. A college's ultimate goal isn't for their students to get good grades and test well. A college's promise is to prepare students for life, and at present that means life in a diverse world. Success beyond academia may be predicted well by SATs and high school grades in some fields, but certainly not all. If you tell people where the cameras are, you've also told them where the cameras AREN'T. Ideally, for public safety, you'd want people to always think "there might a camera here". You might have a hidden diamond for team collaboration here, but after reading more than most potential customers will, I'm not sure exactly what it is. I'm not a fan of the to-do/chat combination. There just isn't a lot of intersection between the things on my to-do list and the things I want to chat about. Who wants to chat about their grocery list? Who would contact their family about dinner plans with this instead of a phone call, text message, Tweet, etc. just because they can easily save a to-do item? Perhaps this has other uses. Consider extremely detailed user stories. Who might want to this? A software product manager communicating with the technical team about features and bugs; a high-school student and her study group; an extended family planning a vacation together? What would they share, and how does this tool help? Why would they use something new instead of a phone, e-mail, Twitter, Facebook, preferred existing group to-do list app, or a thousand other tools? What are their favorite colors; favorite words; turn-offs? Kudos on what you've done so far. And remember, even if this fails as a startup (most do), it certainly demonstrates your skills. Hopefully it will open doors. Oh...and don't bankrupt yourself working on this. That would just be crazy. I agree, and disagree. What this product would be useful for isn't explained well, and I'm not sure even the OP knows. But there's clearly something compelling here based on the attention we've all given it. > Guaranteed bandwidth shared lines are a violation of net neutrality. Perhaps of an poorly written net neutrality law. But can you predict what will be a violation of net neutrality before the laws are written and the courts interpret them? It's certainly a complex issue, requiring deep understanding of the Internet. I support it in principle, but have little faith that any government will handle it well. Looks useful. I'm not using ST3 yet; how stable is the current beta? Her story is quite a bit different from Adria Richards. Is there a historical record? Some of the more significant tweets: " At Google I was sexually harassed by someone who was later promoted to director I was put in a position where I couldn't be promoted because it would've meant reporting to my harasser I was actually reprimanded for undermining him in front of his reports. Google caring about women is 100% lip service PR bullshit. When it comes down to it, they punish victims and reward the perpetrators. COME AT ME BRO People above his level knew; reprimanded me instead of him. ... Full disclosure. I'm not proud. I poured a drink on him. It became about that Things other women have said to me: "he is a legal liability for Google" They 100% supported him, let me be in a position where I couldn't be promoted. My career was ended in that moment. Yet I got in trouble ... [name redacted] is an engineering director at Google, he sexually harassed me, Google did nothing about it. Reprimanded me instead of him ... TBH [different name redacted] has always been a creep and a half too. This will surprise no one who's worked with him. Thanks for all the bathing suit compliments over the years, [name]. ... "It's taking all of my self control not to grab your ass right now." -My boss's boss, to me, when I was a junior eng at Google. "You look amazing in that bathing suit, like a rock star." - [name redacted], to me, when I was a junior engineer at Google. In Maui. Drinks after work with powerful men. Being the only woman there. Feeling uncomfortable with what some of them were saying. Crying about it. Not wanting to say anything because having those social relationships were helpful to me, my visibility, my career. It's such a boys' club. ... "He feels like you humiliated him in front of his reports." Something HR actually fucking said to me. ... Of course, whenever anyone said something that made me uncomfortable, I had to laugh it off. None of this is stuff I ever talked to HR about ... [name redacted] to [name redacted] within earshot of me, on a boat in Maui: "doesn't Kelly look amazing heh heh" ... After hours, having drinks with Vic and the gang. Vic talking about how G+ was promoting Sasha Grey. Starts talking about how hot she is. Asks if people've seen her movies. At this point I run away and cry because I felt so outcast. This is just one example of many The harassment "training" at Goog? Mostly about not getting in trouble. Nothing about respecting humanity of your peers. " https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9163769 She pinned a single quote, but she alleges much more: a pattern of behavior, and willful ignorance or worse by HR. See: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9163769 If you mean that we shouldn't destroy a man's or a company's reputation based solely on these allegations, I absolutely agree. Bitcoin makes the technical process easier but doesn't help with the hard problem (as you said): finding a third party with domain expertise, whom they both trust, who is willing to adjudicate at very low cost. It sounds like your startup is trying to solve that and create a "Trust Marketplace". Godspeed. Establishing trust between strangers is a very hard problem. And while you may find a way to innovate around existing laws, new laws will be written. Education in America is bigger than ever and still seen as official by the vast majority, though arguably optional in our field. But there's also truth in your comment, particularly about ROI (excluding prestigious or legally required degrees) and figuring out your own path. You're wise to consider the value of a graduate degree before pursuing one. I hesitate to call this site journalism. Top news on their front page right now: What to Take on Your Bikepacking Trip Man Beaten While Boozing in Washington Square The Bay Area Is Full of Skinny People Unruly Patron Gets Booted From Bar, Returns and Shoots Out Window That's what I thought too, now I'm not so sure: "If you are a strange man trying to talk to me on my way to or from work, when I am commuting alone, you are a harasser, pure and simple." What harassment is depends on who you ask. If you mean the legal definition, consider that even different courts often disagree. Isn't she dictating who men can even try to interact with? She didn't say "Leave me alone if I ask you to." She once wrote that a man is a harasser for trying: "If you are a strange man trying to talk to me on my way to or from work, when I am commuting alone, you are a harasser, pure and simple." > You are constructing a model from a short essay that was written to convey a certain point of view and then insisting that the model you have constructed must be 100% accurate. That's quite a leap from my question. And not an answer. > It happens all the time that an essay exaggerates a message in order to make that message stand out. I hope she's not doing that. Sincerely. > I see someone explaining that they have actually been mistreated by people 'just trying to make conversation' I'm sympathetic, but harasser is a serious word. It's not something that should be exaggerated in order to make a message stand out. We've ignored the trolls and they've grown wild in the land of no consequences. As in the physical world, behavior on the Internet must be governed. What would happen to someone who made comments like these about Obama's daughters? Should you use an algorithm that appears to be protected by a patent? What does this do that can't be done with git aliases? It's possible, but usually prohibitively difficult. (Superfish was scandalous because made MITM attacks easier on affected computers.) TLS and SSL use X.509 certificates[1] to identify who you're talking with. They're cryptographically signed by a Certificate Authority (CA), who must be one of a list of CAs stored on your computer. A MITM attack requires something rather difficult, like breaking the cryptography algorithm, access to the CA's private key, access to install a new CA certificate on your computer, or an insecure CA already on your computer (like Superfish). Edit: As jacques_chester reminded me, it's not difficult for the owner of computer to set up a MITM server, but I don't call that an "attack". 1: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X.509 Yeah, not many people know about the CA store, and even if you do, and check it, there are so many pre-installed certificates that it's easy to miss a new one. No one at the company had tried to use the network with a computer they bought for themselves? I think trivial questions meant FizzBuzz and count the A's. What's the legal equivalent of that? Or perhaps they have learned the solution to FizzBuzz, and simply don't code well under stress. Anyone could have created a lyrics site like Google's, except for the cost of licensing the lyrics. I wonder if Google negotiated terms with the record companies, or they are simply able to pay the licensing cost with profits from Google Play. "What’s the catch, you ask? Simply place LyricFind’s ad code on pages containing LyricFind content. Let us monetize the pages and worry about meeting the licensing costs" Interesting. > Change or die. Change or be killed, at your hands, it sounds like. Can you blame people for fighting back against that? I think the author actually meant the social-mores of classical liberalism (freedom of speech, etc), which protect, imperfectly, from both regal tyranny and the tyranny of the majority. > If they wanted to start their own Abrasive gardening club, where they would be abrasive to each other If a few people founded a company like this and became successful, some people who joined later would complain about the abrasiveness. And if the complainants happened to be from certain "protected classes", abrasiveness would be legally prohibited. I agree, her other post is also excellent. I wonder if we could ever create a culture that doesn't oppress anyone (with the obvious exception of murderers, rapists, cannibals, etc). I hope so. But in light of our vast differences and the ease with which we hurt one another, I suspect we'll have to settle for a culture that doesn't oppress anyone too much . It's unlikely that someone who knows about this would serve on a jury in a computer crime case, or that evidence of NSA activities would be admitted in trial. Hence the second half of my comment: > or that evidence of NSA activities would be admitted in trial. Is Google cool with people using their name and logo like this? ...and cool site. One of those things where you wonder why no one's thought of it before. I prefer looking at the "employment level" (number of persons employed) and the number not in the labor force. I couldn't find a way to link directly to these statistics but they're available at: http://data.bls.gov/cgi-bin/surveymost?ln The estimated number of persons employed today is less than 2% higher than in 2008. The estimated number not in the labor force is 15% higher. About 2 million more people are working now than in 2008, while 13 million more are not working or looking for work. (Disclaimer: These are statistically estimated and seasonally adjusted numbers from the same month.) Is a game theory theorem a mathematical fact? If it has moral implications, is it a moral fact? I suspect that, if asked to enumerate moral facts, the author would describe his opinions. Not that hard to use; just replace each letter with a span tag. It's a simple regex substitution or map(). > You can still sell your exploit to the black(site) market and later collect a bounty on it. Sounds like a good way to make dangerous enemies. > Today, proletarianized white-collar workers are required to work 50-60 hours a week. How is that a statistic? It's simply an overly general claim without any supporting evidence. > "Jarrod is a teacher and online entrepreneur whom has built well over 100 online products and services" To the OP: something to fix Who=He, whom=him. It sounds like he does market research, marketing, and sales, and pays someone else (probably more detail & quality oriented) to develop the products. Certainly the CIA supports some revolutions, but it's absurd to suggest that every revolution is a CIA plot. When considering the effectiveness of HTTPS everywhere, we should assume the Chinese government will have the ability to create valid certificates. This would allow them to perform MITM attacks against anyone who visits Chinese websites, even with HTTPS. In fact that happened about a week ago: http://arstechnica.com/security/2015/04/google-chrome-will-b... But if China chose to, they could simply require all Chinese websites to use government-issue certificates, forcing the world to choose between allowing Chinese MITM monitoring and losing access to China. > The more likely outcome of that gambit would just be that the CA would be restricted to .cn domains, possibly with some sort of install-on-demand warning. A reasonable compromise, but one which wouldn't prevent MITM snooping or alteration of communications with Chinese websites, like this attack. And to allow snooping of outgoing communications, the Chinese could also require that all browsers used in China trust the Chinese government CA without that restriction. > The US...has a much better track record with respecting free speech and human rights. The rights of US citizens, yes, but our track record on human rights and free speech worldwide is not so good. It's no secret that the CIA (like many governments) engages in covert, propaganda, and information warfare against other nations. But Chinese censorship is far from limited to preventing foreign espionage. How is the CIA more than a distraction or an excuse? > Personal Audio continues to seek patents related to podcasting. It's unfortunate that the Patent Office can't ban trolls who have abused the system. Invalidated by the USPTO thanks to the efforts of the EFF. Interesting analysis, but better without the names. It's dangerous to publicly suggest that people might be laundering money without evidence (even with a disclaimer), especially people with unusual names on a site indexed by search engines. I had the same concerns. They seem to have chosen to act as a free classified ad publisher and disclaim any responsibility for conflict resolution, but the business would be much more valuable if they could improve that. If the $10 fee simply turns on the domain and points it to a captive forum, hosted by the registrar, how is the registrar going to avoid being sued for trademark infringement over every domain name? I'm not a lawyer, but this seems different. This isn't using a single mark to refer to a product for criticism and commentary; this is using an unlimited number of marks for promotion of the registrar's sites. (In addition to using the mark in the ways you mentioned.) That is, the registrar's goal isn't to refer to PayPal, but to use the domain PayPal.sucks (and potentially every protected mark plus ".sucks") to draw traffic. I guess the legality of this use will need to be decided by the courts. It's not that different from trusting an Uber driver/passenger, or Handy handyman/customer, or Airbnb host/guest. The strategies are traditional business practices like guarantees, insurance, and dispute resolution combined with technology to lower costs. In this case, perhaps an app in which both the owner and renter agree when the item is loaned and returned, which reminds the renter to return the item, automatically tracks charges on overdue rentals, and allows some automated dispute resolution like: "I'm at the owner's address (GPS confirms it) and the owner isn't available." I agree it wouldn't be worth the paperwork for a single item, but owners could make a living renting out many items, perhaps even buying popular items to rent. And as you suggest, the site would need to make dispute resolution as simple as possible. Perhaps automatically refunding both sides for disputes, but banning users with too many disputes. It's not simple--certainly not as simple as publishing free ads--but that's why a business that can do it is valuable. Have the courts ever ruled that you can market a series of magazines/etc called "_____ sucks"? It's an interesting legal question, essentially arguing that adding the magic word "sucks" allows using trademarks to promote their site (perhaps even to advertise competing products). The law is fluid, and nominative use is a fairly new legal idea. We're not going to settle the question here, but it will be interesting to see what the courts decide. Of course expressing an opinion is protected. I'm wondering what the limits of this exception are. At the extreme edge, could I use MicrosoftSucks.com to sell Apple products? Microsoft products? Are you a lawyer? I'm not, so I'm looking for rulings in relevant court cases to clarify the issues and provide an authoritative answer. I found an interesting article in The International Business Times (from before the shop was shut down and revealed as a TV show) http://www.ibtimes.com/dumb-starbucks-coffee-trademark-law-b... "Lawyers who specialize in trademark and copyright law say not so fast. While parody is generally a protected form of speech, there is no clear-cut legal definition of what separates legitimate parody from trademark infringement. The reality is, any infringement case that makes its way into a courtroom will be evaluated on its own merits, with judges weighing various factors against a body of existing legal precedents. Historically, cases could go either way." > Big data analytics with Pandas and SQLite > A Large Data Workflow with Pandas > Data Analysis of 8.2 Million Rows with Python and SQLite > This notebook explores a 3.9Gb CSV file Big data? > Methodology-wise - yes. Basically, anything that you cannot confidently put into a spreadsheet... Why just spreadsheets? This is essentially loading data in SQLite and manually investigating it with SELECT queries. Would the fable be any different if the character was named Adam? It's true that the US taxes transfers of wealth, not wealth itself (except real property), but should we tax wealth? Some countries (I've heard, for example, Norway, Switzerland, and the Netherlands) do. It's taxed at a different rate but still included in the "income" tax that the article is discussing. That's the view from the US and Europe, but the lives (or at least the incomes and energy consumption) of the poor in developing economies are improving. Perhaps the benefits of increased productivity in the developed world are simply being counter balanced by increased global competition and an equalization of lifestyles. Downvote me if you want; I don't care and it doesn't make you right. Simply adding "sucks" is not a free pass to do whatever you want with a trademark. > Background - Got really pissed off at a 40+ dev... Why generalize from one encounter with one 40+ year old developer? Depending on the terms and the sale price, the investors may have lost money too. Without liquidation preferences, the founders could earn a profit even if the investors lost money. (Plus the founders and employees earn salaries, often paid from the invested funds.) This feels like karmic justice for founders whose own business practices were debatable. https://signalvnoise.com/posts/1650-get-satisfaction-or-else "Reading books is a large part of how I make a living." Sounds like he spends a lot of time reading, and it's natural for minor annoyances to become like Chinese water torture when one does something often. Liquidation preferences exist to protect against a company raising $10 million for 20% and selling for $5 million, with the founders taking a nice payoff of $4 million and the investor losing all but $1 million. In that scenario, without liquidation preferences, the interests of the founders and investors aren't aligned--the founders profit while the investors lose money. According to page 10 of http://www.bjs.gov/content/pub/pdf/cpus12.pdf 128k out of 2.228m inmates were in private prisons in 2012. > When you're full of hate, you're not going to let logic or facts stop you from hating and spewing lies... You should think about that... The extreme attention applied to discrimination, harassment, and civil rights issues in the US is a cultural phenomenon that goes far beyond women in tech. I was just pointing out something for you to consider. Alleging that men in tech (all of us?) need "to document the proof that women are liars and tricksters" and that the implicit draw of these stories, at the heart, is "she thought she was a victim and she was wrong" is simply misandrist stereotyping. You cited the attention given to these issues as evidence; I think you should consider that this attention is not unique to women in tech, and is also exactly what feminist activists want. The coverage (and the jury decisions) aren't always in their favor because people are diverse. Beyond your prejudices I think you'll find that there are men who feel the way you describe, and men who are staunchly feminist, and a lot of men who realize women are diverse: heroes, victims, productive workers, and yes, sometimes, "money-grubbing exploiters of worthy causes." What's the real risk of loss on student loans? The people I know who defaulted all paid in the end, plus interest and penalties. Why punish students who believed the marketing instead of punishing the schools and professors who sold students a degree that isn't worth the cost? And isn't the school also responsible for its actions? Coming soon: left and right wing tech conferences. The previous submission was #1 on the front page for a few minutes before it was flag killed. It wasn't overtly racist or filled with profanity; perhaps some people just wanted to silence it. What kind of extremist attacks a child because of their father's political views? I'd never heard of him either. Now we have. If the goal of banning him from the conference was to suppress his ideas, his opponents remind me of George Bush standing beneath a "Mission Accomplished" banner. What's more likely: a nationwide and unrevealed conspiracy to flip votes in favor of Romney, or that Republican voters in larger/more populous precincts favor Romney more often than voters in smaller precincts? Edit for clarity: by larger/more populous I mean the x-axis on the graphs in the paper, though I forgot that this is only Republican voters and Republican/Democrat split in the precinct is also a factor. The x-axis doesn't necessarily mean rural to urban. Yes, I saw that. The authors ruled out one possible explanation (urban vs rural). Perhaps it's due to gerrymandered districts, republican vs democratic districts, large farm districts vs small towns, small towns vs large cities, or some other factor we can't think of in a few minutes. The authors should rule out a lot more possible explanations before alleging fraud. Allowing some to have a more pleasant experience by excluding others... Once upon a time, liberals argued against that. I've never refused to work with anyone because of their political beliefs. > You wouldn’t expect a petite, fair-haired, 28-year-old woman to be one of the most powerful people in coding. Why not? Repost from yesterday: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9674606 Corporations are no different from people in this regard; people often break the law when the penalty is light. The problem is that the penalties for "corporate crime" are so low. If the penalty for bank robbery was only 50% of the profit, no bank in America would be safe. > The future is manufacturers—of devices ranging from phones, to laptops, to cars—being the centralized ops staff for all the devices they make. That's open to so many forms of abuse. Extra-judicial punishment by government agencies and companies, hackers wiping your devices for the lulz, disgruntled employees, ex-spouses... They even censored https://www.reddit.com/r/bestof/comments/39ddnb/if_you_dont_... "If you don't believe in freedom of speech for those you loathe, you don't believe in freedom of speech." (1600 points and gone from http://reddit.com/r/bestof ) > The policies are not exactly clear-cut, and neither are the actions of the administration. Understated. I was wrong, it's not ironic at all. Censoring a post criticizing censorship is perfectly consistent. Though not entirely consistent with their statement that "we do protect the right of people to express their views". That statement was posted 10 hours ago in their official announcement of these bans. Would remaining true to their statement for one day really have killed them on the hill? How do you see who it was removed by? > It's akin to a hotel owner disallowing a Klan meeting in the conference room. I think any business owner deserves that right. Would it be acceptable, or legal, if that were a Black Panthers meeting? Or a gay wedding? When we all communicate via a handful of private services, censorship by those services is not trivial. What kind/level of support? Call center staff don't often know such things. Why doesn't the processor do this? Preventing fraud is the most difficult part of payment processing; are they outsourcing it to the merchants? Yes, this paper is building on that work; developing a diet with effects similar to intermittent/prolonged fasting. And north of the Arctic circle? Ok...who gave the computers LSD? > I'm also concerned by reports of abuse, harassment, and discrimination in our community, particularly toward women and other underrepresented groups. Even I have experienced harassment and abuse myself. This may be common in the tech industry but it is not OK. I find it hard to imagine other professionals (doctors, lawyers, accountants, even other engineering disciplines) behaving like this. Is that a failure of imagination on my part or is IT/CS particularly toxic? I didn't mean to imply that there is no "abuse, harassment, and discrimination" in other professions. Of course there are bad people in every field. But are there death threats, rape threats, doxxing, etc, against total strangers? Serious question. I just haven't heard of that, except perhaps in the military and police. > the court said that CloudFlare has to block every user with a domain name that contains “grooveshark,” no matter who owns the site What is the legal basis for this? "Grooveshark" is long and unique, but by this principle, could King.com shut down every domain that contains the word "candy"? From that link: The first user [the smaller company] is virtually always the prevailing party in any trademark litigation. The doctrine of reverse confusion is intended to enable small, senior users to protect their trademark rights against junior users whose marks have gained commercial strength through extensive marketing. reverse confusion can be a powerful weapon in the arsenal of lesser known companies in terms of protecting their trademark rights and as leverage against larger users. Or what charges this agent was threatened with before the plea. It would look like a cliff, as most of the population would be packed on the left. Overhype has always been the enemy of AI/ML, leading to unrealistic expectations, then disappointment, then distrust. But it might be different this time... The programmer won all the battles in court, but GS won the war. Not a 'fictional' entity; a legal construct (perhaps multilayered) that groups ownership of real assets and/or obligations of real people. And how does that relate to the complaints from the moderators of IAmA, Science, etc? Are you calling them juvenile and misogynist too? Switching a neutral article for an opinion piece would bother me even if I agreed with the opinion. > it won't stop you from losing One counter-example: the Taliban Consider the neutral statements that were deleted: “It became clear that the board and I had a different view on the ability of Reddit to grow this year,” Ms. Pao said in an interview. “Because of that, it made sense to bring someone in that shared the same view.” Sam Altman, a member of Reddit’s board, said he personally appreciated Ms. Pao’s efforts during her two years working at the start-up. “Ellen has done a phenomenal job, especially in the last few months,” he said. Also consider what the article left out, like the complaints of IAmA mods about the way Victoria was terminated; the requirement that all employees move to San Francisco; the ban on salary negotiations; the community manager who said he was fired for being too sick to work; the complaints from mods about poor support from the admins. Some opinion pieces explicitly state an opinion. This one conveys an opinion by cherry-picking facts and quotes. Deliberate omission of facts that don't fit a particular opinion is a form of advocacy for that opinion. The NYT is entitled to their opinion, but I think it should be expressed in an editorial, not used to choose what facts to report. You're right about the petition. Mea culpa; it was just moved. What's your source re the salary negotiation policy? Numerous news stories said it was Pao's decision. The move to SF was often brought up again in discussions over the past couple weeks. Contra the misogyny argument, there's anger at reddit that pre-dates Pao. Regarding the Altman quote and Pao's statement that "it made sense to bring someone in that shared the same view", I can see your interpretation, though I disagree. Regarding Victoria's firing: yes, the NYT mentioned it, but without explaining why it angered the mods so much. I hardly ever use reddit, and I'll certainly agree that reddit (especially the default subs) is dominated by young males and can be, at times, misogynistic. If I have an agenda here, it's to ask for better from professional journalists. > I do not think you can win an argument that the Times tried to spin the Victoria Taylor issue out of the article. That's not exactly what I said, and certainly nothing I meant to imply. Allow me to try again: The article ignored the complaints expressed by the moderators. Erring on the side of caution. If a page has included known exploits, it might also include unknown exploits. According to eurostat, Greek consolidated gross debt was 356bn € in 2011, 305bn € in 2012. (This seems to be sometime in the middle of each year.) There was a write-off, but it wasn't enough. We'd need artificial neurons without those limitations. For example, just a few days ago a team from UCSD announced something like that called 'memprocessors'. It's research, but they claim to have built some. http://advances.sciencemag.org/content/1/6/e1500031.full Anything to do other than shoot missiles, run away from hostile missiles, and search planets for resources? I suspect that the PDF states the authors' positions when the paper was written and the SSRN page states their current positions. According to http://www.michaelmakowsky.com/about/ Michael D. Makowsky is currently a professor at Clemson University (as listed on the SSRN page) and was previously a professor at the Center for Advanced Modeling at Johns Hopkins University (as in the PDF). > Fundamentally you're responding to someone saying "Reddit can't be fixed" with "this guy is an idiot; doesn't he understand Reddit can't be fixed?". You're ignoring the part where parent said > it's a tremendously successful community ... Reddit's built a large community of people who don't mind partying next to the biker bar. An anti-authoritarian community that wants free speech, is not politically correct, and isn't advertiser friendly. It may not be an easy community to profit from, but does it need to be "fixed"? I don't use reddit that often; you probably know it better than I do. But when I look at the default home page from time to time I usually see anti-authoritarian content along with the cats, cute posts, and celebrities. For example, right now there are posts about cops shooting a pot dealer, YouTube bullying an app author, and employers reading employee's social media, all the top posts in different default subs. Obtaining evidence while "routing around [AKA respecting] constitutional protections" is the essence of police work in America. > encouraging Congress to pass laws is not in any way police work Who said it was? Police work is obtaining evidence while respecting the Constitution. As technology changes, Congress and the courts must redefine exactly how that can be done, and the police participate in that discussion. The fifth amendment guarantees the right not to be a witness against oneself. It doesn't guarantee unbreakable encryption. That said, I don't think Congress can stop criminals from using encryption and I don't think Congress should stop law-abiding citizens from using encryption. "you will not assert...against us or any of our... customers " Is that Amazon customers or just AWS customers? Either way, that's a lot of people. And the people of Greece would vote for a government that does that? Why would anyone lend to Greece again after debt forgiveness? (Nitpick: the Greeks are the debtors.) The banks and the politicians on both sides have a responsibility. The ordinary young Greeks who will be forced to pay back the debt don't. I agree, but the comment I responded to suggested they wouldn't do that, they'd get loans again despite not reforming, and this crisis would happen again. It seems to me that if anyone loans money again to an unreformed Greece, they've accepted that risk. This came to light six years ago, and barring default or forgiveness, isn't going away soon. Young people who never voted for or against anyone responsible for the debt will suffer for it. People who haven't even been born yet might end up repaying the debt. "Democratically-shared blame" is the ludicrous option.