i'm a member at the MeFi too, and agree that even that little fee helps keep the morons out (the odd misguided marketing twit notwithstanding). Want proof? Check this out: http://www.thatsaspicymeatball.com/comments/ Compares the latest MeFi comments with the latest Youtube comments :) what if someone comes in to ruin the fun, and just keeps hitting the "reject" button on perfectly good responses? How about a flagging option, like "flag this as spam". Lately, /newest is being used more and more to flog whatever site (currently web design in newcastle upon tyne, of all things) Doesn't Yahoo as a company own part of its own shares? My guess would be that MS would've bought those shares. Also, I would've thought an infallible deity such as yourself would know correct syntax: "where would the money have gone to" ;) that site seems to be under construction...? what's an "mm"? mega millions? :D MM in roman numerals would be 2000 knee-jerk, much? "is php becoming like every other language?" Maybe that's for the better. It'd give everyone using the language a nice reprieve from the usual "hurr lawl php kiddie language!" trolls. "so is it good for fast scripting but poor for real programming" Yes to the first part, and a warning to the last part: What constitutes "real programming" is a question of definition, and here be dragons, as such discussions almost always devolve into "my [favourite] is better than [your favourite]". There seems to be ample amounts of hatred for PHP here, leading me to believe that either a) people here have never met a GOOD php developer, or b) a minority of users here enjoy the "my favourite scripting language is more obscure than yours" circle-jerk bugsear.ch :D Web 3.0 will mark the return (revenge?) of the enterprisey, faceless corporation. Their numbers will be legion, and to be recognized by their bevelly, drop-shadowed logomarks. Thanks, but no thanks. Yeah.. what's this with "Right now"? I suppose you could get the latest nightly (or go look up which nightly they've considered as the 3.0 final), but this is just shoddy journalism. Slow news day at webmonkey? Fatal error: Maximum execution time of 30 seconds exceeded in /var/www/taggl.net/www.taggl.net/_data/all.api.inc on line 223 Cos it's based on IE, one of the worst browsers available. "Gets you thinking huh..." No, not really. i like how, if you block the cookie, the whole site just fails to load. Why do I have to be logged in to edit the list of stocks? Your site should be ranked according to its content, and subsequent relevancy to what visitors are searching for. Not according to Latest SEO Trick #29832 that you* read somewhere. (* "you" not meaning you personally, of course) Maybe try http://www.scivee.tv , which touts itself as "provid[ing] community tools for researchers of all levels to share their science, connect with their peers, and respond to scientific data. Researchers can see and hear scientists describe their scientific research, join specific interest communities, participate in scientific discussions, and create a comprehensive multimedia representation of their own research." font-family: monospace; background-color: #fff5c7; color: #000; padding:1em; border:1px solid #ffe87d; line-height:1.5; "It is better to explicitly list the fonts that best match the body text before monospace." What does that even mean? And I chose monospace only as not everyone has Consolas or Andale Mono installed. As for the line-height: I went for a balance between easy legibility and still getting lots of text in the space. But I guess it's up to the OP to fiddle with the spacing issues. Let me introduce you to bookmarklets, specifically the "zap" bookmarklets: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html one problem right off the bat with dibs.net is that, as with seemingly 100% of US-based sites relying on geo-location information, it fails horribly outside of the (US-based) developer's market: I'm currently in Lucerne, central Switzerland, yet it put me in Emmen, a sleepy suburb north of Lucerne. Edit: A quick re-test with the google map thingy shows me that dibs.net doesn't even want to know about Lucerne, and instead is fixated on suburbs and villages around Lucerne :( My advice: Until there's some magical geolocation service that works 100% all of the time, don't offer it. I know I can change it on your site, but many many many people won't be doing that. A better design for Craigslist has already been done here: http://craigslist.thebignoob.com/ You said it: Nearly identical. But in Europe, and more so in Switzerland where distances aren't so vast as in the US, 4.4km is "far away". Sounds silly, but it's true. As for "my issue", it's the fact that I'm in more or less dead-central Lucerne, yet I can't for the life of me get the google maps widget to interact with your geolocation script to show "Lucerne". It gives me "Within 0 miles of" and then a list of suburbs and villages just outside of Lucerne: Emmen (4km away), Horw (about the same distance), Kriens (just outside of Lucerne), and Weggis, which is about 20km further down and on the other side of the lake! :D My experience with Java is that the bosses of MegaCorp Inc. see banks & insurances using it, so it must be good. The result is cost on the project being multiplied by, oh, a factor of 10, and the release date pushed back to sometime next leap year. hey there, YH buddy :D i'll go ahead and put the SA forums (forums.somethingawful.com) out there. A ton of IT pros, most of the subforums are not filled with the cliché'd "SA goon" crap, and it costs $5 per user account, keeping many many morons out. And yes, I have stairs in my house. a link would be good...? Use the "zap" bookmarklet, found here: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html Add it to your bookmarks toolbar, and any site you use it on will turn all text into black-on-white (in fact, it gets rid of most background colors and images), remove anything flash-based, links are changed to blue & underlined, etc. That, and the fact that the article is horribly written. It's like the editor went "Holy &#!! it's 9/11 coming up! Quick, someone write an article!" half an hour before going to press. How about a "No posts on the economy and/or politics" month? Say, November? :D Anyone posting on said topics and ignoring the rule will get their karma points reset to 1. What I don't understand is, why haven't all these clever people, kicked out of the app store on spurious grounds (Apple: "it kinda sorta almost looks like something we've already done or are about to unveil"), banded together to make a simple installer for their apps, something like a jailbreaking wrapper for their app: You make your "illegal" iPhone app, stuff it thru the wrapper which then creates a .dmg installer file. Users then double-click the .dmg, the wrapper searches for your iPhone, if its not jailbroken it asks you whether you want to jailbreak it (with an option to download the latest jailbreak version), then installs the app. A few things: You position your app as a "collaborative editor", yet it took me almost two and a half minutes on the videocast to even get a look at it. I know you want to show how easy it is to sign up, but is that really necessary? You're not selling a sign-up/sign-in page, you're selling your service. Furthermore, if I were selling an app that does collaborative editing, I wouldn't harp on on the whole "revision control system" angle. It's redundant knowledge - I know it's there by seeing the amount of dates & times (and it's also briefly shown in the videocast), so I'll use it when I need it. See how Wikipedia does it: They don't go on and on about how each page has a "History". All that they do is put an "edit" button on each page or page section. Less in your face == much happier users. Next, when I read the description, I was thinking of something like MS Word, online, with multiple people working on the same document, yet it comes across as an ajax-ified blog engine: "Version 1 by Nick today at nn:nn pm" isnt really information I need staring back at me at all times. Some nit-picks: I would edit out the breathing-into-the-mic. No offense, but it's kinda grating :) And Charlie sounds kinda bored/indifferent... Want to buy or sell a used copy of On Lisp? http://www.google.com/search2001/search?hl=en&q=%22Paul+... How did this make the front page? A list of mostly basic advice (Semantic URLs? Really?), riddled with spelling mistakes, and a smattering of django-specific stuff thrown in for padding? maybe the answer lies in the facts that a) django isn't a company, and b) the DSF has these members: http://www.djangoproject.com/foundation/ What ever happened to those Steorn dudes? why is this typo-riddled article, full of "folksy" tales, on the front page? "save money and reinvest profits"? is that so, cap'n obvious? :D i misread the title and thought that at least one of the "Big Three" had finally gotten it, and was starting to make SMART-size cars. Dang. i heartily recommend Mischa McLachlan, http://www.zyotism.com/ BLINK still works in mozilla-based browsers, afaik I think once Google's tactics become too nasty, we should all have a "Block Google" month, editing our robots.txt to block Google for one month. The less data they have, the less they'll be able to ram ads down our throats. They probably only show it for supported OSes... I'm on a Mac, and since there's no "official" port yet, there's no Chrome adverts. Probably the same for every non-Windows OS. You could use PHPMyAdmin: Go to the "export" tab and use the "Save as file" option The company I work at is using it for a CMS. Drawbacks of it seem to be large initial download (Total initial download for the CMS's files is 1.1Mb, of which almost 900Kb is JS), and some stability problems after leaving it running for a day. As for the community "problem", in addition to pay-for support, there's a also lively forum and IRC channel. Not too big a fan of it, imho the benefit of using extJS seems to be a large download, and dropshadow'd floaty DHTML-windows. Meh. Try and get them in to a "gotcha" moment: The next time they ask some question already answered on the wiki, point them to it, instead of giving them the answer (unless it's critical that they need the answer RIGHT NOW). Nudge 'em to explore, and then go to the next step by telling them they can edit all and everything, and add new pages. Fox News? Really? On HN? Then again, once Google gets wind of this scheme, Mahalo's pages will be listed somewhere around, oh, page 50. No, they're not doing that, it's Firefox's pre-fetching that does that. It's fetching parts of the linked sites, and in doing so, the site is trying to set a cookie. Google has nothing to do with this. the freehackers union? http://freehackersunion.org/joining.html Apparently, they're having some trouble with the server load: http://twitter.com/jeresig/status/1288325448 (either that, or their server really IS on fire...?) It seems that statcounter was having trouble figuring out Opera usage, check out the wild swings in this graph: http://gs.statcounter.com/#browser-RU-daily-20080701-2009030... Either IE dropped by 15% overnight, last September (with Opera taking those 15%), or SC figured a way around Opera's IE cloaking. Or maybe a new version of Opera came out that had Opera set by default as its UA string? Anyone know? That's bizarre, considering Skype already has built-in hooks for the police force to use I've noticed the whole "posting-links-for-links'-sake" happening too; lately, the front page has, at most times, at least one link to Seth Godin's blog, and many times multiple links to techcrunch. My "solution"? Skim the front page, and spend more time on /newest instead. There you have a wider range of topics, but they're also easier to filter: The usual gaggle of amateurish SEO attempts with rolex/viagra/holiday-home/tourist sites, some repeats from the front page, but for the most part, fresh & interesting stuff that barely makes the front page any more. Works for me. "install microsoft silverlight ↓" well, no. So Bruce, are you just getting into the SEO business and trying to link "Fennec" to "mobile browsers", or are there more than one browser shown at this link? :( Sorta, kinda: http://spellbound.sourceforge.net/requests (search for bookmarklet) The steps seem to be: 1) Install Spellbound 2) Hit the bookmarklet to set the whole page to designMode 3) Start SpellBound Sounds like a case of the bad ol' "I'm the boss here!"-style 'administrating', eg. some grizzled unix wizard knows only HIS way of doing things, that's automatically the way things SHOULD be done, these young whippersnappers'n their fancy GUI-driven installers, get off my lawn etc. All they have to show for themselves is a flawlessly running system, which, to Those That Make The Decisions, is all that counts. I too could've sworn that handwriting analysis was some wishy-washy pseudo-science. I remember watching a TV program on the subject here in Switzerland; they had the head of the Swiss psychology assocation on, with him basically stating that it's a feel-good construct for PHBs wanting to sound important (this was in the context of whether you should apply for a job with a hand-written letter, or a typed letter; it was the early 90s...) :) outtati.me (and many other *ti.me possibilities) april fools? maybe what's needed is a digg-style site that tracks headlines & the body of a news article, and rates the truth of said articles according to what the users vote. Well, that's not exactly what I meant. What I mean is a site that ONLY cares about the truth of a linked news item, and has options that warn ppl of what the OP was talking about, eg. "This article is one-sided, see comments" I've just time-travelled back to China of the mid-1940s, and returned with this top-secret intelligence report from their spies: "The US is set to get an increased say at the IMF. It seems willing to put in the capital required to shore up the international financial institution, and so will have earned its place at the top table. However, we question what the US will do with this new power. If events in Asia this week are anything to go by, we should be worried. Clearly, the US is using its influence at multilateral institutions as a means of furthering its strategic and military goals. In this case, it is trying to force a democratic country (Iran) to relinquish its oil. We wonder what future bullying may be in store for the other countries of Asia (or the world) that don’t comply with the US’ political views on topics it deems off limits such as Cuba, South America or Moscow. Will countries whose private citizens invite Fidel Castro to visit suddenly find their banks cut off from vital financing? To date, the US has generally been accommodating in its dealings with the West. We believe this is because it regards itself in a weaker position. When it comes to countries that the US believes are weaker, it has shown that it has no hesitation to resort to pushing its weight around. The US’s ascension in the ranks of world financial institutions may be inevitable. But China, and the West in general, need to make it abundantly clear from the outset that such type of behavior is not acceptable. If the US wants to be respected as a world leader, it needs to start acting like one." CRAZY! One thing that I immediately saw: You seem to be sorting the currency dropdown on the frontpage according to the country's name. Which isn't listed. So instead of making me hunt for "CHF" (I'm in Switzerland), sort the list alphabetically. Seems a no-brainer to me. Also, please don't play favourites: "USD" should not be the top-most, active currency in that dropdown. I just kicked Norton of my wife's Vista PC, thanks to Norton's own "Norton Removal Tool". I'd like to know what your definition of "common-sense anti-virus protection" is, though. Apart from "don't download/install anything from untrusted places". How about we keep with the intellectual stuff around here, and make 'em answer math captchas. Using latin numerals. eg, what's LV + IV? Answer has to be given in latin numerals, too. Unless you mention specifics (which site), you're probably gonna be downvoted This is top of the new page, why? I don't mean to snark, but with this, and IBM's developer community site making the front page, is someone gaming the system here? Correct usage of HTML tags to embed java applets? Seriously? :-/ That's not really the answer I was looking for, I realized it was the submitter's own site. I'm wondering how all these sub-par sites are making the front page. I'm just waiting for one of those links to google's homepage that the spammers use makes it to the front page. They just switched to a new layout, maybe it has something to do with that? I have this odd feeling that we're being taken for a ride here, like it's some big marketing stunt, and next week they'll release the game to much fanfare. Has anyone actually checked for their bankruptcy filings? Is it illegal for (private?) companies to make claims of bankruptcies, if its purely for marketing purposes? First thing that'll happen is that shady SEO ppl would find ways to mess with it. Followed by the devs locking it down, itunes-app-store-application-style, and everyone will gripe. And then go back to using Google. i think that was the point: Astalavista is also an IT security company, yet they can't even keep themselves from being hacked in every way possible, using the simplest of prepackaged exploits available. Just seconding this: Show people something , not a picture of 2 people and a link to someone's blog, challenging me to sign up. Yes, and "not giving a shit" gave us the fun we had with GIF89 (Will Compuserve shut down the web?!?), various incompatible video formats (Real, AVI, etc.), so this time around, giving a shit might save us from having to go thru all that again. Or just surf around with firebug installed. Then: right-click the text area, choose "inspect element", then right-click the DIV its in, in Firebugs code area, then add this attribute: style="line-height:1.5; font-family: Lucida Grande; width:50%; margin:0 auto" (asp.net's ridiculous CSS is a bit trickier, but that CSS snippet usually gets most sites up to readability scratch) Oh, and a poor man's arc90 readability thing can be found with the "zap annoyances" bookmarklets: https://www.squarefree.com/bookmarklets/zap.html No distractions would be lovely. Currently, I'm "enjoying" the following in our open-plan offices: - Cellphones w/annoying ringtones going off every 10 mins (I don't care if you're the company's sales guy/gal who needs to be reachable every second of the day) - Impromptu meetings in the hallways - Obligatory foghorn-voiced American employee yacking on the landline - Resulting volume increase of person on the cellphone, person on the land line, persons in their impromptu meeting just outside the office door The obvious answer is "get your own office", but that's not likely to happen. Chip on my shoulder, what? "We are currently working to support your operating system (please check back in a few weeks). In the meantime, to enter Wiki-OS, please navigate to this website using Windows XP, Windows Vista, or Windows 7." Seriously? Like, really seriously? You guys like irony, yes? Fix major problems first (yes, this really IS a major problem), THEN re-submit. For the third time. And another Zürich-based (well, Dübendorf, but it's near enough, hey?) HN reader chiming in. Soon to be Washington DC. May I ask you to expand on your questions? 1. PHP & RoR both offer "quick" development time (timed to what, though?) 2. Define hassle-free development? As for deployment, surely that's in your hands as to where you want to deploy? PHP has wider deployment (usually available with Apache-based server hosting) 3. The UI has little to do with the underlying, server-side technology (if I understand your question; besides, "cool-looking" is very subjective) 4. Lower learning curve than what? i'm at 250 and can't downmod. I'd suggest he tries using Lotus Notes' built-in "search". If there was ever a more useless function, it's LN's pathetic attempt at searching for stuff. It'll find stuff to every search term you enter! Just nothing that a) contains that search term, and b) resembles anything you wanted to find. flagged... one thing is the kinda surreptitious way they try to get you to adopt silverlight: "hey, did you know [insert major sporting/cultural/political event] is available as a streaming download? BUT! You have to install silverlight first" plus, i think many ppl in the more tech-savvy crowd are left wondering why they have to install a plugin for stuff that's already "solved", namely Flash. so basically a site where you can share user-made checklists? a wikipedia of checklists? spam, that's what. your website doesn't seem to work without cookies i vote for blogging it, and NOT posting a link to that blog on HN. wow, i got downvoted :) sorry i didn't reply earlier. for some reason, i thought there was some (un)written rule of not linking to your own stuff, like on metafilter and other sites. I checked the HN guidelines again and didn't see any such rule. That mix-up was the reason for my "and DON'T post it to HN" line. Sorry for the snark, and maybe just post it with a small intro text in the HN post? It's fairly popular as a "drop-in" wysiwyg editor in custom-made CMSes, afaik. The first thing that came to mind is that it's waaaaay too wordy for the front page of a product you're trying to sell. "Automatically adds authentication bar with username and logout link to all protected html pages" Could be changed to: "Adds login bar to all of your website's pages" (It's implied that since this is helping me do something, it'd better be doing this automatically.) The three lines about API, SOAP & REST could be summarized in one line: "Multiple interfaces & authentication methods (API, SOAP, REST)" etc. Plus, I'm not sure whether you want to announce stuff still in development, cf. Osbourne Effect: http://is.gd/2Q0x9 . I'd remove the "Lite", call that your base version, and when you're ready, announce the Pro EnterPrise Solution Version ;) he's prolly a spammer (check age of account) stop spamming already... seem to have a bit of a chip on their shoulder wrt the iphone: http://is.gd/2X6U4 I use Dreamhost, cos all my stuff is non-mission-critical (that said, I think I've had maybe 2 long-term outages with them) Make your site easier to scan/read, put the savings in their own column. eg, change this: "Save $243.66 on SomeProduct WithArcaneLongProductName XL22000!" into this: "SomeProduct XL22000 | $243.66", where the second column has a "You save:" header Credit card(s)? At the bottom of the page it says "Powered by Erlang Web". Erlang Web is a script written in procedural PHP to simplify website maintenance. ... I don't mean to sound snarky, but I hope they didn't pay their designer too much. What's with that odd drop-shadow effect to the left and right of the header image? Is it to denote that the header image is bulgy? And what's up with the rest of the drop-shadow effects? What angle is the light coming from? And why use Google Sitesearch? Surely a custom-written search interface would be a great way to show off the power of Erlang? It was a joke :( Am I missing something? All I get is some boring paragraphs on the media, and some even more boring paragraphs on Jesus. if it was an older linux distro, they probably DIDN'T crack your 20-digit root pw, rather exploiting a bug somewhere else? http://www.uscis.gov/portal/site/uscis has all the info you need. Specifically the Green Card section. stop spamming... How about a realtime ray-traced version of multiple balls, with the viewpoint turning around the balls? In that case, there's not much you CAN show, visually, unless it's up there with Avatar-like quality of imagery. He's a spammer, testing the waters... what a fitting username. That's where you bust out the Firebug and fix bad design decisions on-the-fly. So you've learned about procrastination, and K.I.S.S.? ;) Especially google's own SEO Starter's guide: http://www.google.com/webmasters/docs/search-engine-optimiza... Does it also come in a "spam" flavor? Do they also offer canned spam? If you define "point of excellence" as "talk like a native English speaker", then I'm sorry, but that will take a LOT of time. Reading lots and lots will not make you a better speaker. My advice would be, if you want to become a better speaker, to seek out English-language programming available internationally (sadly, that may limit you to CNN International, but better than nothing), and focus on things like intonation, and the flow of discussion. Two things you won't learn from reading articles. Of course, the alternative is to spend 20+ years in an English-speaking country, then you'll probably have better pronunciation and diction ;) 10/10 for coolness factor, but the usefulness has plummeted. How can I tell which domains are still available now? Oh that's right, I have to click thru? If I were cynical, I'd say you're just trying to get people to click your affiliate registrar links :( i had an idea of semi-fixing that, or rather rerouting around the problem by shifting the job-finding and -posting from the HR dept. to the individual employees. Let's say you're a web programmer living in City A, and commuting to City B, a commute of 2 hours. Unbeknown to you, there's a web programmer in City B, commuting to City A every day. My idea would be to put these two in touch with each other, and eventually facilitate a job switch. You basically swap jobs (assuming you're both of equal proficiency, and the higher-ups agree to it), and don't have to commute any more. Yay/Nay? pg should just start charging a nominal fee for new user accounts. Cuts down on trolls AND spammers. Isn't it pretty much automated with domain squatters? Eg, they have a "buy domain" or "request price" button, and see what you get back? This page: http://demo.sproutcore.com/sample_controls/ Just stays empty for me, and Firefox (3.6, on OSX 10.6.2) gives me: Error: uncaught exception: [Exception... "Security error" code: "1000" nsresult: "0x805303e8 (NS_ERROR_DOM_SECURITY_ERR)" location: " http://demo.sproutcore.com/static/common_assets/en/efcc10e74... Line: 3150"] Link leads to some kind of affiliate marketing scheme. Stop spamming, please. No, he's a spammer (see the age of his user account). stop spamming... Stop spamming... Doesn't the simple English Wikipedia to an extent solve this problem? http://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/Main_Page Why would you even think for one second that this "dust-up" isn't fully orchestrated by Apple in the first place? Are consumers really that dumb? That's two days in the running that Apple got (seemingly free) advertising on her show. Less laughably transparent plugging of products, next time. Nope. Looks like it was put together by someone about 2 hours into their "Learn HTML in 24 hours!" book. For one thing, your CSS seems to include web fonts, but none of the browsers I tested (FFox, Safari, Chrome, all the latest public/stable/official versions) seem to show them. So all text is in Times New Roman. Edit: Wait, it seems the web fonts are shown in the "scrolltohere" DIV when I enter a twitter username. But the top text is still Times New Roman. Kinda not cool that they're hanging on to the data of 400 of those planets. Why is that data not public in the first place? Why three years? IMHO, you're focussing on the wrong part of it all. I get a white page with a spinning icon top left, and this in my JS console: Error: uncaught exception: [Exception... "Security error" code: "1000" nsresult: "0x805303e8 (NS_ERROR_DOM_SECURITY_ERR)" location: " https://szpil.com/javascripts/application.js Line: 7562"] Firefox 3.6.6, OSX 10.6.4 "Use webkit for the best experience. That means Google Chrome or Safari" Please don't recommend browsers. What is in your app that Firefox can't do? You could shorten it even more by just using body {border-left:18px solid #ebf7fb;} :) Oh, and an RSS feed would be great, too! You're right. Actually, just this will do it: html {border-left:18px solid #ebf7fb; height:100%;} Spelling mistake on the homepage: the red text should read "Open democratic", not "Open democractic" - Having multiple gadgets, one can connect to a network, the other can't, even though they both have WiFi - Bureaucrats that could be replaced by web apps I'm not a crossfitter, but PLEASE don't make your links the same color as the rest of the text, with no underline. In a wall of text that looks the same, how do you know which are links? Seconding Wordpress. Wordpress.com offers free hosting, and premium options (hosting it on your own domain, no ads, etc.) Wordpress can be easily extended (for free), see for example this: http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/ft-password-protect-chil... This is the identity page for Yahoo! user: https://me.yahoo.com/melleryopenid For further information, visit http://openid.yahoo.com . Huh? Your site is nigh unreadable, switching all the various letter-spacings off makes it 100% more readable. CSS typography rule #1: Don't fuck with letter-spacing. It tells you the truth, not secrets ;) Yeah but mine's better! (bug?) "We should all return to Usenet. There's nobody there" ... except for spammers. I think the main reasons are cost, and less red tape than other states. Though that might just be historic, and other states might have similar offerings. Mozilla - Dragon Firefox - Uh, Firefox :D It's dead, Jim? Hitting enter after entering my ZIP code gives me: Traceback (most recent call last): File "/base/python_runtime/python_lib/versions/1/google/appengine/ext/webapp/__init__.py", line 513, in __call__ handler.post(*groups) File "/base/data/home/apps/codeablepolitics/1.344842764317514643/controllers.py", line 66, in post geonames_results = geonames.zipcode_search(query, 1) File "/base/data/home/apps/codeablepolitics/1.344842764317514643/utils/geonames.py", line 26, in zipcode_search if len(web_service_response['postalCodes']) == 0: KeyError: 'postalCodes' Also: add this on the ZIP code input box: onfocus="this.value=''" Start with GET variables, eg. example.com/?bla/something/whatever Use a .htaccess file to re-route every 404-resulting request (eg xyz.com/bla/something/ doesn't really exist) to index.php, then you can explode() the $_GET variable (look at what $_SERVER outputs). Making all data collected by gov't agencies, institutes, universities etc. available, for free, in a standardized format. 301 redirects for all the old links to the new site? AFAIK, Google "understands" 301s, so that might be your best way going forward. Something like this? http://www.webdevelopmentdc.com/hackernews-badge.png I think it's an impressive piece of work (even with the security bugs in the first version - no software is free of bugs). I'm more interested in what others build on top of it, expand it, etc. Craigslist? ducks I downvoted both of you, so there. :P Gotta love the SEO'd page title I think I can make out "ridiculously easy life-sharing" i think you might be biased, there. Domain Name: PRESENCE.CO Registrant Name: Tamer Rizk ;) I knew GmbH was a German thing (Gesellschaft mit beschraenkter Haftung), but others will not know what it means, nor know what to do with such a name. It doesn't exactly roll off the tongue. On the homepage: - why do I need to omit the dots for the site name (shouldn't that be web address)? - why is the "pro" option on by default? I know you probably want to monetize this, but forcing the pay option on by default is probably the wrong way of doing this. - category selection text should probably not be right-aligned. Oh and on the "About Us" page, Christina's name should be capitalized. You have to ask yourself why the position of "recruiter" even exists in today's market. Except if you're that small minority of people not currently in the UK ;) Sorry, I should have mentioned that this will be a paid service, billed monthly. I wanted to come up with a tiered, flat fee, except that won't work with the above scenario. If I price my app at, say, $100 per month, the minute one paying client's in-app processing fees cost more than that, I'm losing money. I suppose I could bill my customers the incurred fees at the end of each billing cycle, but that would probably put off some customers, as they would be left scratching their heads as to why they have to pay $100 per month, then get ANOTHER bill for fees. It's not your browser's main focus to fix spelling mistakes. Even then, they've come a long way. I remember Netscape 4 not being able to handle "news.bbc.co.uk" due to lack of "www." in there. You had to manually add " http:// in front of it. 17th century moleskine hipster diary? Balsamiq offers both site and iX mock-up items: http://balsamiq.com/products/mockups Just something to consider if you're dreading implementing sorting & paging: unless you're dealing with millions upon millions of rows, this can be done client-side: http://www.frequency-decoder.com/2006/09/16/unobtrusive-tabl... Also in the allergic-to-feedback-buttons camp. To the point where I'm starting to block them. If I really want to give feedback, I'll look for a "Contact us" link, not something floating on the left or right side of my browser window. Yeah, that's kinda NOT what HN is for. Questions that might help with the naming: - Are you servicing a specific region (don't say "No! ANYWHERE IN THE WORLD!", cos not even Amazon manages that)? - Who are your primary customers going to be? You say mechanics, but are they the only customers possible? - Does it have to be something with "Auto Supplies" in it? Think of successful sites whose names don't have anything in common with the actual purpose of the site (Google, Yahoo, Zillow...) - Maybe use your own name to cater to the customer segment that goes for the ol' folksy crap, eg. "Miller's AutoSupplies", "Jefferson Auto Wares" etc. For a hilarious take on VOIP honeypots: http://revk.www.me.uk/2010/07/what-moron.html She wasn't running for mayor, she was running for governor. Thanks for the spam. I think you should've mentioned Powerpay more. infomercial AND referrer code! ;) Only time I've seen that happen was with ColdFusion or Java-powered sites that don't strip the lines used by inline logic, eg where you see 10 empty lines, there might be an if/else snippet running. At runtime, the language runs through those parts, but keeps the space intact. It's like their PHB said "you know what's never been done before? a ROUND website! Make it so!" Indeed. Congrats Nick, despite my flagging your spammy submissions, you finally made it to the front page with one of your useless articles. Not that it will necessarily help much with SEO, but.. tables and spacer gifs? It's 2010, almost 2011? Furthermore, an @yahoo.com address is hardly professional. Just make info@... or movers@... an alias that sends on the e-mail to the yahoo address. Next, I'd split up the main items (Moving Service, Delivery, Storage) into individual pages, which opens more possibilities for some light SEO, eg. moving-services.html (or moving-services-birmingham.html, tho not sure if that's considered black-hat-ish) Also, consider the fact that there's more than one Birmingham, and the only two places you mention Alabama are in the title tag, and in meta tags. Oh and a third mention at the very end of the page, abbreviated, which doesn't really help too much. In my experience, there is always SOMETHING that doesn't quite work right with calendaring, whether it's "enterprise" (whatever that's supposed to mean) or not. Mainly synching. Spelling mistake: San Francisco, not San Fransisco IANASE, but it feels pretty secure to me. Me, I rely on my growing up in the Swiss-German speaking part of Switzerland. Swiss-German is not a written language, so basically any way you could write your (region- and dialect-specific) password variant means there's no dictionary attack available :D Well said. 10s: I flagged your posts. Which isn't really too helpful, either, but I doubt this is a place that condones posting dozens of links in one go. Especially when they're old (Top Start-ups to watch in 2010, etc.) Seems to be fixed in Ffox 4.0b8? On OSX, 10.6.5 I think the issue is not that anyone is comparing them as equals (as Google isn't a social network, and Facebook isn't a search engine), but that Facebook can take the place of some specific Google searches. Consider searching for a restaurant in the area you're in. With Facebook, you have the choice of asking your friends (whom you trust), OR you can go wading into Google's search results and manually sort through the SEO'd "111-best-restaurant-review-site.com"-style garbage that populates the first few search result pages. it's probably just the botnets' russian handlers taking off for their New year's celebration (according to Wikipedia, this falls on 6th January: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_christmas#Russia ) Fckeditor? Or whatever it's called this month Quit spamming Alright, my apologies. Just seemed a bit spammy, with the choice of title in the HN submission. Again, my apologies. Some more: - How are you going to stop people from making private parties public (similar to what happened to that guy in England coupla years back, who posted a private party to his public facebook page, 100s showed up and trashed his parent's place) - Maybe that's just for site launch, but seems a bit odd that this is NYC-specific, despite the URL having nothing to do with NYC. I'd suggest some form of design/arts/UI/UX course. Break the "This looks like it was designed by a programmer" loop! You might want to re-save that article's image, it's half a meg. You can get it to 10th the size with just saving it as JPG, at ~65% quality. Not quite sure what you mean with "dotted-decimal", but accessing my local server at 192.168.etc works fine in Safari, both iPad and iPhone. Stick to your guns and refuse to re-negotiate your rates. That's not being arrogant (regardless of whether it's a non-profit, or a Fortune 500 company you're doing the work for). Your rates are your rates, and if they trot out the "Johnny the neighbor's kid who'll do it for $50" line, you're better off without them as a client. I'd say they're being arrogant for trying to "discuss" the cost. Yeah, this isn't what HN is for... like, totally, man. flagged. Cindy: Might wanna remove that html {overflow:hidden} Your site doesn't scroll, obscuring the rest of that form (OSX 10.6, FFox 4.0b10)