Nope, this will never catch on. The minute they realize that the exact same principles they use to subvert al-Qaeida propaganda can be used against their own propaganda, they will have to shut down the program. You can't teach critical thinking, humour and satire to your army and not have them use the same tools against you. I haven't checked out the original paper, but the solution presented on the blog is a non-solution. It only works for ascii characters and words composed out of ascii. When you reuse someone elses code, you always get stuck with someone elses assumptions. In this case, that English is the only language and that the regular expression [A-Za-z] encompasses all possible letters in the world. The shell solution, built upon standard tools, can not be extended to work in an international context but a custom solution in Python (or even Pascal) quite concievably could. But your assertion was that this was an easy problem solved with just a few lines of shell code. That assertion is only true in an extremely limited context where the only language possible is English and the only character encoding is ascii. That's where the Unix tools shines because they are great at handling problems easily expressable as regular expressions. But it is not a very realistic example, nor a fair comparison. > As bryanlarsen pointed out, the shell solution can easily be extended by using an internationalized version of tr. You should try that and then blog about it. :) I've spent lots of time battling issues with ascii-centric libraries. My conclusion is that it is not easy at all which is not strange because tools like tr and sed were written decades before unicode support became a must have. I can't say that it is impossible to write a shell script to count words in a text written in Arabic script, but it doesn't seem easy. Does it really make sense to think about Germany as a separate entity from the rest of the Euro Zone? Economically, I think Germany is more like the center of a huge country with Spain and Greece being the poorer provinces... It is a very strange situation caused by too diverse countries having the same currency. Say what?? I, for one, LIKED the submission a lot! The Wikipedia Redefined site is a great way to present a design proposal from an outsider. The redesign had some flaws, like not fully accounting for i18n and accessability issues, but there where some great nuggets in there too. Such as using a stylized W instead of the plain boring W as the favicon. It is so sad that people instead choose to criticize the flaws and ignoring the good and valuable ideas just so they can be extra critical. I have a site with lots of statistics, tables, charts and similar stuff. As you can understand, fetching all that data from the database to render the analytical charts is fairly expensive. My solution is to first render the page template and send it back to the client as quickly as possible with all statistics widgets empty. Then the page makes a few ajax calls to fetch the data from the server to render the pie and bar charts widgets. It works very well for a human visitor. The page loads extremely quickly and the widgets rendered using javascript and ajax are below the fold anyway so it doesn't matter that they are visible 500 ms later than the initial page load. Unfortunately it is crap for Googlebot which never runs the ajax calls and never "sees" my pretty graphs which leads it to think I have a much more boring site than what it really is. So that is my need to "app-ify" my site and my, as of yet unfulfilled, need for a framework that is able to provide Googlebot with an accurate view of my appified site. Awesome stuff! But wont you get into trouble with Google for this site? Because it is like Spotify, except much better. :) Previously, I used http://www.youtube-mp3.org/ to conveniently listen to music on youtube, but it apparently ran into legal issues. No stop it! Don't defend autoconf, it is not worth it and the software does not deserve it. Users of autoconf, that is developers that try to use that POS to build their software definitely experiences its pains. It is not just that M4 is a horribly ugly, badly, inconsistent language. You also have about a million leaky caches in the build process to deal with. Autoconf rewrites the build scripts in three stages, each which is cached and also keeps an autom4te.cache directory around. So what happens is that you update something in the M4 build script and then have to spend hours hunting down why the change didn't change anything because some stupid autoconf cache wasn't flushed. What autoconf has done is to separate free software developers into two categories. Those who can hack the source (the .c and .h files) and those who understand the "autoconf magic." It should be telling that people refer to it as "magic" - it's a f ing build system, not rocket science. The only reason this ugly piece of software has lived on is because people treat it as some kind of magical device and inertia. Configuring and building software is an easy problem. It gets even easier if you finally decide to drop support for 30 year old unices that no one uses. The autoconf team consistently refuses to do that which why the software wont ever become better. CMake, SCons, Waf and probably half a dozen more tools all do a much better job configuring software than autoconf ever will. People really need to try those alternatives and I'm sure they will realize autoconf needs to die, die, DIE. You sound a lot like my colleagues when I tell them why I much favor dynamic languages like Ruby and Python over Java. :) They listen politely to my arguments, then shrug their shoulders and go "meh, Java works fine for me". CVS users are the same when it comes to Subversion users who are the same when it comes to Git users. It doesn't matter for a "works fine" person how many faults their current tool has or how much smoother "your" tool solves all those problems, they won't listen. Logic doesn't work maybe because it is very hard for them to get used to something new. Maybe because if you haven't experienced any alternatives it is very hard to imagine that something could be better. Anyone care to explain what the author mean by: "Pair programming is like those girls that go to the restaurant bathroom together."? It sounds like a funny analogy but it's just pure gibberish. The point of the article seem to be to get reactions, not tell you anything about Agile. I love this! At a few previous workplaces I could have put this project to good use in our mail delivery system. But it is still a testament to the huge difference between doing something and doing something right. Uninformed people just don't get how hard it actually is to send mail. Especially if you have a large distribution list and it is important that your mail does not get caught in over-zealous spam filters. Those people you can point to this project to prove that it takes time and effort to do something as seemingly simple as mailing right. It is the same with i18n. You can't just i18n:ize a site by storing the text translations in the database and showing the right translation based on the browsers Accept-Language header. It becomes a hugely more complex issue when you consider stuff like search engines, date formatting, currency formatting, whether sunday is the start of the week or not and so on. Well, yes, mostly. But you also want your email to be read, not only delivered. Your email mail also contain some kind of CTA (call-to-action, website to visit and so on...) which you are trying to get the reader to respond to. Those numbers may be higher with well designed "beautiful" html mails than plain text ones. Lastly, you may want to measure how many people actually opens and reads your mail and when they do it, instead of just letting it languish in your inbox. It's trivial to do by embedding tracking pixels in the html mail, but impossible in plain text ones. Personally, I abhor html mails like the plague, and the people who believe that bold facing or underlining some text somehow makes it easier to decipher some meaning from the text, but they do have a purpose. Mostly for marketing purposes I admit. So lots of people gather on HN because it is so good and soon enough someone realizes that posting links on HN is a good way to gather page hits. It's downhill from there. People begin to post not only about others startups they find interesting, but about their own ones too for fun and profit. Intentionally or unintentionally astro turfing. Then genuinely intersting links also gets accused of being link bait or of promoting some business. Not before long you'll find shady ads on various forums selling links on HN: "tons of karma, 2yr acnt, $20$/ppost" Not a single site built on user submitted content have been able to withstand that plague. I don't care about the other requirements, but the part where you get in if you have a degree from Stanford or MIT is downright mean. Those schools costs tens of thousands of dollars to attend to per semester but does not make you a better developer than having gone to a cheaper college. There is no correlation between the amount of dollars you spend on your education and how educated you are. There is a correlation between having rich parents that can pay for it and going to an expensive school. But I wish people would stop perpetuating this myth about how a great school automatically makes their alumni great. The schools themselves aren't going to do it because expensive fees is what they live on. People who spent that kind of money aren't either because they gain a lot of free and undeserved opportunities from the reputation the school has. But we, the smart techies should know better. George W Bush graduated from Yale for gods sake. Ah, the slippery slope argument. "If WE aren't tight on the rules, the site will quickly degernate into a useless mess." Where have I heard that before? On Wikipedia. It vastly overstates the job of those that delete stuff. They aren't the ones creating a great site. Those that ask and answer questions are. I'd gladly pay £100 or more.. If I actually believed the product would work on me. However, there is so much crap and scams on the internet that it is hard to believe a web site programme would be effective. All the thousands of "get abs in six weeks!" ads has made me cynical. Maybe if someone I trusted had taken the programme and could recommend it to me it would put be over the trust threshold. I think your so question shows exactly why generics are useful. A solution where you pass a callback predicate to the iterating function would work in Go, but be much slower than one in which the predicate logic can be inlined. E.g. if your image is 1920x1200 you would need to call the function that checks if the pixel is opaque 2.3 million times. That approach works ok in Python and Ruby which do not mind being a little on the slow side, but Go is supposed to be closer to the metal so something more efficient is needed. Ah, nothing like some good union-bashing from the economy journalists. Countries like France, Germany, Spain, Japan among others have much more powerful unions than the US, yet they are able to upgrade their rail infrastructure. Either the article is bull or American unions are for some reason more "evil" than in the rest of the world. > Who should I look to for an answer to this problem? In the US, unskilled labour costs are lower than in the rest of the industrialized world. Therefore there is less incentive to replace labour intensive jobs like train conductors with electronic systems that have a high initial capital cost. The Nordic countries and Japan have the most industrial robots per worker because wage costs are very high. But then you have to think everytime whether you should put parantheses there or not. Is the code readable without parantheses? Should I put them there in case someone reads the code in a year and doesn't know about the problem domain ... ? It is not much, but it is extra cognitive load that is wasted. It's akin to programming C and everytime you write a function, if statement or for loop you have to ponder whether it looks best to put the opening brace below the line or at the end of it. I hate reading code with an inconsistent brace placement style like that. But that is fixing the symptom, not curing the disease. Throwing out the guy that manipulates Wikipedia for personal gains stops him, but not any of his peers that are also subverting the project. It is very unlikely that not a lot of governments and corporations have realized how hugely important Wikipedia has become. Therefore I don't think this guy was alone. In the future, people astro turfing Wikipedia will be more careful to avoid being caught but they wont at all disappear. Another way: len(filter(p, xs)) Yes, I'm aware of that. But my philosophy is to always try to conserve keystrokes wherever possible. Premature optimization is the root of all evil and all that. :) For the same reason I prefer to use dict.items() over dict.iteritems() and range() over xrange() and so on. Playing poker, like Texas Hold-Em is definitely a game of skill and not luck. It is absolutely possible to still make big bucks on it if you are skilled enough. My brother used to live a fairly decadent life thanks to his poker winnings from a few years ago. However, that was at the peak of the world wide poker craze where everyone thought they could be millionares by playing Paradise Poker a few hours per day. But the times have changed in online poker and there aren't enough whales around that the poker sharks can exploit for profit anymore. The only way to consistently make money playing poker is if the skill differential between you and your opponents is high enough and in your favor. The lower the difference, the more time it takes to make a profit, the lower your hourly wage gets. On top of that, you can suffer fluctuations or "bad beats" as they call it. One week you may win 100k only to lose it the next week. It is a very stressful situation if poker is your work and you need to win. There is a definite risk of burning out. 85k isn't a lot when it takes 8-10h per day of really boring online poker playing. How would you feel if someone was doing a 10x better job than you? That's the difference between a brilliant engineer and an average one. It doesn't matter if the guy is the nicest person on earth, people will feel threatened by that kind of skill. I don't know how to deal with that situation, the normal human response seem to be to ostracize outliers which an extremely talented developer is. One important difference between how that completion works and zsh's is that zsh cycles between the available completions if you repeatedly type tab. E.g. if you have the files [less01.png, less02.png, less03.png] and type "eog less " in bash will show you the files. Press tab again and it will list the files again. In zsh, the second tab press would fill in "less01.png", then "less02.png" and so on. It's a matter of preference which completion strategy is the best, yes. :) But for me I've found that zsh's way to do it saves me many more keystrokes than bash's way. That almost works. But it seems like you can't have tab to both bring up a list of completions and cycle through completions which zsh does. I made a python script to time the different approaches: https://gist.github.com/3839551 AFAICT, the parent and the interviewer is right because both methods run in roughly the same time because the time of the binary search is orders of magnitude greater than the upper bound finding part. I might have made one or more mistakes though. Hogwash. For every skilled craftsman you can find, I can find ten other idiots making ten times as much money thanks to being born in the right family. Skilled developers recognize that rockstar developers can be ten times as productive as average ones. I haven't ever heard of any developers making ten times the average salary or even double the average. Stock brokers are regularly getting beaten by monkeys when it comes to betting on the stock market, yet they are among the top earners in society. It's just insane to suggest that salaries are fair or that skill is in any way correlated to income. Unless you believe that making lots of money proves that you are good at what you are doing, which makes the whole argument a tautology. Edit: Also, the best work I've done is all open source. It isn't all very good stuff (far from it!), but it certainly is both more valuable and better than the corporate code I write for a living. Then there is http://www.ohloh.net/ that tries to estimate the labour costs of various open source projects. People have plowed thousands of hours of unpaid work into some of the highest regarded software projects on earth just for fun. They will never get properly compensated for their work. "From each according to his ability, to each according to his work." is the famous slogan of Socialism, but it certainly isn't how the world currently operates. The only way you can claim that a developer can make 10x the regular salary, is to have that developer do something other more profitable than development and claim that that makes him or her more excellent. It's a circular argument: "you are doing something that makes lots of money, therefore what you are doing is more excellent than someone making less money." No, making money is about being good at making money. Not to perform outstanding work. The quote is right, "From each according to his ability, to each according to his need" is for Communism, which has a different slogan than Socialism. I think most of your objections can be countered with "don't work with idiots." That none is hired should be managements top priority in every workplace. I can't argue against you because I don't know the specifics. But to me, it seems those that are the most worried about themselves being assholes are the least assholish of people. People who do behave as genuine assholes never reflect upon their own behaviour. One problem, which I suppose is hard to do something about, is that lines are not hyphenated. Blocks of text looks much more aesthetically pleasing if they are. That's the reason I'm reluctantly still writing my CV in Latex - it's the only software that handles hyphenation and kerning really well. But isn't it a big problem that all the blog posts are loaded using Javascript? It means your blog will be fully invisible to Googlebot and anyone coming from search engines. The purpose of a blog is, at least partially, to have readers but loading content via Javascript makes that harder to get. Then why doesn't this search return any posts? https://www.google.com/#hl=en&safe=off&sclient=psy-a... Doesn't seem to work for me. It could be that I'm running Ubuntu (assuming you are on OS X) and my version of wkhtmltopdf (0.9.9) uses an older version of webkit that doesn't have support for hyphenation yet. Sorry, the reason I assumed OS X was because Safari seem to have better hyphenation support than current Linux browser rendering engines. See http://caniuse.com/css-hyphens and http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5356752/webkit-hyphenatio... Tobacco has anti-psychotic properties which can help to alleviate the effects of schizophrenia, which is one reason almost all schizo patients smoke. Alcohol on the other hand can make the condition worse because it has psychotic properties. Marijuana is both psychotic and anti-psychotic so how that will affect the patient is more unclear. There are several wrong things with that post. First of the PKG_CHECK_MODULES macro checks that pkg-config is present on the system and presents a nice error message if it isn't. Second, PKG_CHECK_MODULES can be used to specify several dependencies: PKG_CHECK_MODULES(DEP, foo udev >= 999 neverhere) Then if one or more of the dependencies aren't met, all problems are shown: Package foo was not found in the pkg-config search path. Perhaps you should add the directory containing `foo.pc' to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable No package 'foo' found Requested 'udev >= 999' but version of udev is 175 Package neverhere was not found in the pkg-config search path. Perhaps you should add the directory containing `neverhere.pc' to the PKG_CONFIG_PATH environment variable No package 'neverhere' found It may not seem like much, but for someone not used to compiling stuff from source it means a lot that all missing dependencies are shown at once. A sloppy shell script to check for the same dependencies would mean that the user would first see "foo not found" and go and download that package, then "udev >= 175 required" and when that is fixed the third error and so on. Also, the error message "You can download mono from www.go.mono.com" isn't very useful for most Linux users. The correct remedy on distros that ship with devel packages is to figure out the name of the package that supplies the include headers and pkg-config file and istall that. pkg-configs error message aren't that great either, but at least they are easily recognizable. In my opinion, autoconf is a very misguided build system. It is designed so that it should have no other requirements on the compiling users system other than a POSIX environment, a shell and a C compiler. It is a completely unnecessary constraint because nowadays everyone is able to install great languages like Python, Ruby, Scheme and many others much more suitable for writing build configuration systems than shell script. There is no point anymore in using the M4 language to generate a 1000 line configure script when a 50 line Python/Ruby/$OtherNiceScriptingLanguage would work just as well. > Was software reinvented in the past few years while I was sleeping? > Is functional programming taking over the world? Yes and yes, and it's awesome! :) Previously functional programming was mostly an academic pursuit but in the last decade it has definitely entered the mainstream. Once you understand FP, you become a much more skilled programmer and can make more efficient solutions even in languages not designed for FP like C. > Is understanding things like Monads and Promises now a must have > for anyone calling themselves a programmer / developer / software engineer / hacker? I don't understanding it per se is the water branching point. Instead the difference between an "office drone engineer" and a hacker is a natural curiosity and interest in learning new things. An office drone will say "damn! now i have to learn this NEW thing, argh." A hacker will instead enjoy it and have a very fun time learning about monads. I don't know if I agree that learning technologies that does not prove to be commercially viable are a waste of time. You can learn a lot from a topic even if it is not directly related to your income. Machine learning is a hobby of mine, which I, sadly, haven't had the chance to work with professionally. But by learning about it, I think my mind has sharpened and I think I now have a much better grasp of linear algebra which is related to my work. Similar experiences can probably be derived by learning about JavaFX, like understanding its pretty smart canvas api. Silverlight has, I don't know, state of the art drm technology for video streaming? The point is that learning is almost always a good investment that pays off. If you love what you are learning about, then the investment becomes much smaller and the payoff almost immediate. I don't get it. Is the library for progressively loading html content? So that you can use multiple threads to handle one request and therefore get higher performance? From the examples given, it is hard to see why regular template rendering wouldn't work just as well. Do people appreciate unsolicited mails from freelance developers? Seems like spamming to me. Also, if you are looking for work why would you waste time with someone who probably does not have any to offer? Blogspot? It's dirt simple to setup, you get your own subdomain and there are millions of things to customize. I'm using it for my blog ( http://bjourne.blogspot.se/ ) and am satisfied with it. The google+ integration and fool-proof spam detection are nice benefits. So the idea is that companies bid against each other on talent? What is to stop them from colluding and bidding just the current bid + 1? E.g. the first company bids 150k, the next one 151k and so on. Also, are the companies supposed to bid on the candidates without even having met them? What if someone has a kick-ass work history but turns out to be a tool in real life? As a Linux user, malicious exe-files doesnt concern me much, but random joksters trying to get me to click on goatse-links does. It especially sucks when you're at work and you thought it was a link to a page describing matrix multiplication. I think that a modern browser should protect you against that. After all, my economic loss is likely to be larger if my boss sees me staring at a bleeding anus than if I catch a malware infection. Just like browser these days detect malware sites they should also detect shock sites. I'm curious to know if you would reciprocate in kind? That is to send me code samples of the work your dev team has done on your company. Your goal is to ensure I'm not a bozo and my goal is to not have to work with bozo colleagues. Hence the exchange of code samples. Fair? Actually my boss has goatse man beaten when it comes to being a huge asshole. But the picture would just make him jealous. Guess you are familiar with http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Survivorship_bias ? In 2009, there were probably tonnes of people trying to exploit the market using similar low-tech methods as you. Even if all of them were at best break-even, some of them likely made a lot of money on their unprofitable algorithms by pure chance thanks to the size of the cohort. Those few blogged about it and those who lost money didn't. :) I'm not saying that you just were lucky (please dont take this as criticism) - survival bias is just one of those things that always come to mind when people write about how they broke the market or when some investor is presenting his incredibly smart investment strategy that has netted him millions. When compiling lists of the best Python libs, one definitely has to check out Pocoo: http://www.pocoo.org/ They are a bunch of dudes who are incredibly skilled at putting together great API:s. All their libraries, from pygments, jinja2 to sphinx are well-documented and extremely simple to use. Most of those tips are great, but dont use autotools! The points they give for choosing autotools are exactly the same as one would have read maybe a decade ago when people said that CVS was "good enough" and that it "just works." Subversion, git and several others are much better alternatives and where developed because people weren't happy with CVS quirks and crappiness. One example is waf ( http://docs.waf.googlecode.com/git/book_16/single.html ), arguably just as well documented as autotools but without all the cruft and generated files madness autotools forces you to go through. CMake ( http://www.cmake.org/ ) is another, used by KDE 4. SCons ( http://www.scons.org/ ) another nice build tool. These also have the advantage of working much better on Windows, a platform autotools is completely alien to. Practically, you need an autogen.sh script too because noone knows the command switches and order you need to call aclocal, autoconf and automake in to generate the configure script and Makefile.in files. That's enough for a minimal project. For something larger with subdirectories for src/ docs/ tests/ etc, you need to use one Makefile.am file in each directory and tie it together with the SUBDIRS variable. When you need to do something slightly out of the extra-ordinary (in autotools' world, "ordinary" means compile c, generate man pages and install) like generating doxygen or javadoc documentation, offering an uninstall option or building binaries that are not supposed to be installed, then you have to learn M4 and it's stupid syntax. Also, autotools amazing features aren't all that. Builds out of the source dir? Eh.. This is 2012 and it doesn't impress anymore. Both waf and SCons can do it no problem. Autotools-projects, on the other hand, seem to always put the object files and linked library in the source directory. Sometimes the built library is put in a hidden directory for some reason I don't understand. Possibly it has something to do with libtool, another kludge on top of autotools one rather would do without. Since modern build tools does not pollute the source directories you basically get make distcheck for free. Waf has it builtin for example and it can easily be extended to also upload your tarballs to your distribution server, sending annoncement emails and what have you. > I've only had a single person ever pass this test, out of 10 or so interviewees. Did that person get the job? Lots of companies seem to administer those brain-bending tests and then does not use it as the deciding factor when hiring someone. I've personally been exposed to several quizzies like checking if a number is a prime, walking a directory tree and printing .txt files, implementing a variant of the soundex algorithm, a web server to interact with the twitter api... The worst (or best) was one in which the interviewer asked me to solve a Roman Square problem as a homework. Except instead of a 3x3 square it was a hexagon containing 64 numbers. Aced all the tests, even the Roman Square and the interviewer even told me I was the only one they had interviewed that solved the problem. It was freakishly hard and involved creating a pretty complicated constraint solver. I still didn't get the job. In fact, the common theme in my professional life, after dozens of interviews, is that if there is a programming test involved then I will not be offered the job, no matter how well I score. My conclusion is that companies do not use tests to determine whether to hire applicants or not. Interviewers make up their decisions regardless of test results and then use them purely to make their decision seem more objective they in reality are: "Bill scored low on or test, he is not a good candidate..." or "Bill did score well, BUT $blablabla" where $blablabla is some irrational stuff. Be careful as validating email addresses like that will quickly get you grey or blacklisted by various spam cops. The method works well for a few addresses, but you can't use it to validate thousands of addresses at the same time. I learnt that the hard way. :) Because of exorbitant fees? :) It is just as expensive in Europe as in NA so it's not a case of Americans getting shafted this time. You have multiple parties that want to get a cut of the action. First the content provider that is actually offering the customer something of value. Then you have the payment processor that are delivering sms:es. They need have to have separate agreements with each operator to charge their customers so that the purched items actually shows up on the customers phone bill. Each operator may have a different method of charging payment processors. Some charge a higher percentage per transaction, others a higher base fee and so on. Then you also have lots of shady content providers, who wouldn't think twice about gouging their customers if they can get away with it. That leads to a pricey dispute resolution procedure because someone has to answer when the customer disputes a sky high telephone bill and arrange for chargebacks and so on. But mostly it's the operators at fault. They charge payment processors a lot for access to their customers and it is not like it is a free market. If you want to accept sms payments from Verizon customers then you have to have an agreement with Verizon no matter what the cost is. They know it, and they charge what they can get away with. Sorry but that calculation is just stupid. Thanks to deductions, the income tax paid for even a high earner does not surpass 28%. The 20% state tax is only paid on income in excess of 401 100 something that is always conveniently forgotten when discussing taxes. E.g. the tax scale is progressive which is to offset the trend that the more you earn, the likelier you have other incomes such as investments returns which are taxed significantly lower than salary tax. Yes, Sweden still has high taxes but the situation is not nearly as bad as you make it out to be. Because it's an awesome lecture and well worth a good hour of your life. Trust us on this one, but it's your loss if you don't. :) I'm using Console2 ( http://www.hanselman.com/blog/Console2ABetterWindowsCommandP... ) and Powershell. Not as nice as a real Linux environment, but Console2 has tabs which makes it bearable. > Expecting early stage-like equity and later-stage-like salary doesn't make sense. Not for you maybe, but for the lucky sob who gets it, it definitely makes sense! Just like employers generally aren't in it to be "nice" to their employees, employees are not trying to be "nice" either. Now if you have a scarce resource, you are supposed to try and get a as high price as possible for it. Free market and all that. Also, this James fellow, if he actually was an amazing engineer, one of the best in the area and Google-material, then I don't think it is unreasonable for him to ask for both a high salary and a big chunk of equity. If he also worked "crazy hours" that one of him would replace a team of 3-5 average engineers. If so, you were the one pasing on a great bargain. :) STOCKHOLM anyone? Personally I suck at organizing but if there is some interest maybe I can. :) One would have hoped that with an alarmist title like "At Dawn We Sleep" the topic would be about something very frightening, like the collapse of the oceanic ecosystems, the melting polar ices or the rapidly increasing global temperature. We already know that freak weather incidents like Katrina and Sandy will become much more common in the future and will take many more lives than any "cyber terrorism" ever will. After the war on Communism, drugs and terrorism why can't America declare war on climate change? The article doesn't say, but I'm pretty sure the California School District is borrowing the money from the state itself. That makes the interest a non-issue because it doesn't matter if it is 1% or 100% per annum - the money just flows from one part of the government to another. The interest is just a form of accounting. Now it would be a different matter entirely if the loan was made through a private bank. Then even an interest rate of 0.1% would be a waste of taxpayer funds as there is absolutely no reason not to borrow from the state itself. But that is not how it usually works since governments always are able to finance their loans themselves. For the record (hah) "Fair use" is only a legal concept in the US. Other jurisdictions sometimes have analogies to Fair use, like the right for journalists to quote parts of a text. But those rights are much more limited. There is also no DMCA which means site owners are responsible for the content users may publish. Possibly because Gansta Paradise already is a poor version of Stevie Wonder's Pasttime Paradise? Musicians borrow from each other, always have always will. Does that matter though? SCons is a standalone program and you can easily have parallel versions of Python installed. > Vector art is not often the holy grail as it seems. Take fonts, for instance. Even though formats like TrueType stores the data in vector format, numerous resolution-dependent "hints" have to be added to make it more readable. While true, font hinting is thankfully finally going the way of the dodo. Cell phones and other handheld devices has very crisp fonts without any aliasing and hinting thanks to their high pixel density. The magic threshold is at about 150 dpi which when passed makes hinting redundant. Desktop displays are getting there, albeit slowly. To slowly for my taste. OS X already doesn't use hinting which is why if you are used to Windows fonts, os x fonts can look blurry. But with then new retina displays os x's text rendering simply looks amazing. Surely you must be joking right? How on earth would someone earning But mental illness is something incredibly shameful around the world and maybe even moreso in the US. Almost no parent will ever be able to admit that there might be something wrong with their children. And for the people around them, the most convenient path is to ignore the problem and say it's "a phase" they are going through. There's a huge number of possible ways to offer help to people. A million things can be done, but what everyone does is pretending the problem doesn't exist. I can belive that keeping files under vc is generally beneficial. But what I'm not so sure about and what I wonder if it is worth the trouble making elaborate commits? It's the difference between anal committing and loose committing. In the first style you ensure that your commit messages properly describe what bugs your checkin fixes, that it follows the formatting convention you have for writing checkin messages, that there are no extraneous whitespace changes producing unnecessary hunks and that you don't accidentally insert a big block of uncommented out code. Loose committing is when you periodically commit the stuff you are working on. Several times per day, when you feel you've reached something good, you checkin what is in your repository and, at best, you write a comment like "fixed the bug with bla". Of course, there are several possible shades of gray between totally loose and totally anal committing. What is the right strategy may very well vary depending on how many developers are involved in the project. For me, I've found that loose works best for my own projects. Prettifying commits and thinking up good descriptions is annoying and can disrupt my flow. I can't be bothered to force myself to do it just "because it's the right thing" and I usually don't revisit old commits anyway. I'd definitely like to hear other developers thoughts on the issue though. Do you employ unit testing? If so, that regression would possibly have been caught even earlier. Sure you can . Just render the glyphs into a framebuffer and check the ratio of opaque pixels to semi-transparent ones. The more transparency the blurrier. But I agree with the poster below that it is usually to much trouble and only worth it if your software is deep down in the stack. For example, if you are writing a text rendering system it would make sense for such tests but not otherwise. That sounds like a great idea and I've been looking for something similar to try and lose weight. But if you eat out a lot and the calorie count is not written on the menue, how are you going to record it? For example, if you order chicken with rice, that may be a fairly healthy choice except if there's to much cream and butter in the sauce. Eating healthy definitely is hard. Also can you link to the app? My google-fu is failing me. Really? Then couldn't one subsist by just eating one or two bars of chocolate per day and some vitamin pills? Or maybe a liter of coke per day would work just as well? It would be a very cost efficient way of eating as both candy and vitamins are cheap around here (well, not vitamins but a bottle of pills last a long time). I've always assumed that that wouldn't work which is why I'm skeptical to your "it's all about the calories" argument. Thanks! It's nice to be proven wrong sometimes. It's great to see all these new ideas in the db arena. But one thing I don't understand at all is why they diss the idea of having data integrity. Am I the only developer who actually likes working with relational data and do not think of a schema as a straight-jacket? Am I the only one getting burnt by MySQL and SQLite playing loose with types and silently coercing data almost randomly? Check constraints are also great and has saved my ass so many times. It's so much easier to debug a problem when the crash occurs when you are inserting the data than in a wrong calculation much further down the line. Postgres for example, allows you to create regular expression constraints which you could use to ensure that a text column only contains a valid variable name. Exclusion constraints are even better, if you have a table with allocations (date ranges, integer ranges, etc) you can check so that none of the allocations overlap. Plus about a million other ways you can constrain your data. That's the killer features for me. They have helped me debug problems so many times that I consider them almost essential to writing good web applications. So why does almost all new database projects seem to neglect them? I wish people would stop parroting that stupid lie. RMS is curently heavily involved in GNU Emacs development and has been for many years. Just check the mailing list sometime. > "lifting weights is much more efficient than cardio" That's news to me. Not saying it is wrong, but if it is a fact, it's one even reasonably informed people doesn't know. Studies ( http://jap.physiology.org/content/102/4/1439.long and http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2010/03/100311123639.ht... ) suggest that High-intensity interval training is an incredibly time efficient way to get in shape. Those questions may be good for grilling candidates, but it is not how one would sketch up a fantasy game irl. The right answer to all those questions are YAGNI and KISS. :) But those answers aren't valid so the questions seem to be rigged against the candidate as in "come up with a schema similar to the one I would have designed - not more complex than that and not more simple". I've seen way to many situations in which developers or other persons tried to design a complete schema in which every thinkable and unthinkable instance where covered. Which leads to an incredible amount of work implementing the application that is to use that schema. The more complex the schema, the more complex everything around it has to be which exponentially increases the amount of bugs. Designing applications "schema first" is a disastrous technique which will trigger the architecture astronauts in every developer. With your set of interview questions, you could very well miss a really skilled programmer because he or she understands that keeping stuff simple is hugely more important than not having denormalized data in the database. But look at how easy it was for Saddam to stay in power for decades despite a heavily armed populace. The Higgs Boson story will be very interesting to follow. What new physics can it generate and will string theory be able to adapt to it? Then we have Shinichi Mochizuki's claimed proof of the ABC conjecture that mathematicians will try to verify. I get the lose weight part, but what about influencing people? :) Oh, the problem with the Euro was that they raised prices everywhere where they introduced the new currency. What was previously 0.8€ becase 1€, 28€ to 30€ and so on. Economic power also moved from individual countries to the ECB in Brussels. If the US started using SI (Systeme International), it's not like you would be subject to a metric-controlling organisation in Paris. :) One important difference was how society was organised. Before agriculture, hunter-gatherer groups were collaborators. They depended on each other to put down game and gather vegetables. The more individuals in the group, the stronger they were. That's a completely different situation from a farming community in which its inhabitants are in competition to each other. The more farmers on a given area, the worse for each of them. They have to compete with each other over the arable land. I'd love to have it. It's something I would give up a big chunk of salary to get. But around here (Stockholm) it seems to be almost impossible to acquire. Either it is huge companies that have strict rules about it, or startups whose managers envision that the only way to develop is to have their developers sit tight and chat alot so that they can "teamwork" because that is how you become agile. There is also the implicit "if we can't see you working, you probably aren't" thought that is prevalent on many workplaces (even if few managers would admit to it) that makes flex time hard. The current trend in managing developers is to value "face-to-face time" and "being a teamplayer" above everything else (like competence) which makes flex time hard. Certainly, that is right for some developers but not for everyone. Not since I like using relational databases - MongoDB is the datastore of choice in nodeland and everything else is a secondary concern. Node's asyncronicity means very little to me since it is trivial to run a pool of fcgi server processes behind nginx and get parallelism that way. It's also hard to avoid "callback hell" consisting of anonymous functions nested X levels deep in what in another scripting language would have been nothing more than a few statements after each other. I heard "promises" could solve that but then I gave up because I don't want to use something that complicated just to implement basic control flow. I think Node definitely is the right tool for a lot of use cases, but for 99% of all web sites, it's not the right choice. It's ok if you like running raw queries. But there's no decent orm you can use to abstract away the sql. node-orm does exist, but is currently very much alpha quality and does not offer nearly as many features as other orms in other languages. Nope. I know about their existence but reasoned that if you need third party libraries for something as simple as sane control, flow then Node probably isn't ready. :) I'm planning to investigate them when I get time because they seem very interesting from a technical standpoint. Great story. Unfortunately, the API documentation and tutorial writing guilds went extinct decades ago and has never been able to return to Lispland. :) Actually my snide remark came from trying to find docs for Clojure libraries. :) Clojure Docs ( http://clojuredocs.org/ ) is alright for the standard library, API documentation ( http://clojure.github.com/clojure/ ) not so nice. But finding complete and updated docs for Compojure or any other of Clojure's web frameworks is impossible. Ironically, Noir ( http://www.webnoir.org/ ) seem to be the best documented of the bunch but it has been deprecated. It would be much easier to evaluate the offer if you told something about yourself. Just an anonymous gmail address isn't trustworthy enough. For example what marketing experience do you have and where are you located? If you live in Japan, you likely are not interested in a business project aimed at the Hungarian market. Hackathons is about as much about coding as clubbing is about dancing. People don't go to hackathons primarily to code (which they can do at home just as well), but to meet people. Isn't the idea to upvote useful and interesting comments? A message can be of value even if you greatly disagree with the content of it. This is a great initiative and I appreciate the effort. Myself, I'm too bad at helping people emotionally, but I wish you success in it. It's needed and useful. That's so incredibly cynical. Maybe I'm the only one putting favoring other attributes higher than physical looks? Or I'm just butt ugly and can't get any of the good looking ones? Here is an interview with them ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxtuZE5pOGA ). But after that they've been totally silent. Seems most people have a trouble with the number and the report because it is from Oxfam? The UN came out with a similar number years ago ( http://www.fao.org/Newsroom/en/news/2008/1000853/index.html ) $30 billion to end world hunger. Other NGO:s (which I'm to lazy to google) have come out with other figures in the same ballpark over the years. I.e if you yourself are not an expert on the global poverty problem then it takes more than "they are wrong" to refute their conclusions. The report is downloadable so just check the numbers yourself. The references makes it clear that the original figure is $175 billion spread out over two years and is produced by economist Jeff Sachs. His book "The End of Poverty: Economic Possibilities for Our Time" probably contains details on how it was calculated. The word "gypsy" is denigrating and they call themselves Roma. You don't call black people niggers, do you? It's kind of telling that you spent two days on an aid project for them without getting that. The discrimination against minorities like Roma and Jews in Hungary is severe. So it's not fair to blame all the problems on themselves. The world is full of successful narcissists and psychopaths. Not the most introspective types, so how do they do it? A better predictor for successfulness is how successful your parents was. That is the only theory I know of that can explain how George W Bush became president. Here is some of my code to parse html: tstamp >> arr parseTime - >> (this ! "href") &&& (getAllText >>> arr parseScore) - So yes, you do have to learn about arrow syntax in order to use HXT efficiently. For most newbies it is not an easy concept to grasp, not helped by the fact that HXT isn't a very well documented library. Thanks for writing this. As someone who has ASD (and who thinks he is not an asshole) it always makes me cringe when someone connects being a douchebag on the internet with it. Prejudices like that makes it very hard to tell people about it when some automatically assume you're an asshole for having ASD. All kinds of people behave bad on the internet for various reasons because they can and they are emotionally detached from the people they are writing about. ASD has absolutely nothing to do with it. Here is a story that happened to me on a totally different part of the internet: Someone on a music-related board posts a song and a request for someone to take out the chords. Nobody replies and the post lingers. A few weeks later I come around and figure that even though I'm an amateur, maybe I can help this guy. So I spend about two hours listening and relistening to the song and writing down the chords I hear. Then I reply with the chords and include a caveat that I'm not very good. 15-20 minutes later one of the veteran 1000+ posters come around and totally chews me out for getting some of the chords wrong. Basically giving me a lesson in how much I suck. Though he later that day posts a much better version than mine with all the chords correct. The moral of the story? Douchebags are verywhere. Anecdotal evidence yes, but I'm sure the douchebag concentration is not higher among hackers than in any other subculture. In fact, I believe hackers are much nicer than most folk. Sure, but making that argument is entering a mined field. You could as well say that skin color is correlated with intelligence because (I'm just making this up) living in Africa was easier than in harsher climates so their brains got smarter. Btw, it's easy to see if your hypothesis is correct. Just check the heights of graduate males of tough university programs such as medical research, physics, mathematics etc. I belive that the distribution of their heights will be closer to the population average than the heights of CEO:s, top politicians and other "high-status" jobs. I belive it is because those positions isn't selected to solely on merit, but also on charisma or vaguely defined "leadership qualities." In my experience, with lots of developers and engineers I've worked with, there is no height bias among them. Tall and short engineers and everyone in between. However, upper management and the sales guys are generally tall guys. Now, assuming that height is positively correlated with intelligence, and assuming that engineers are smarter than management and sales people, that observation makes no sense. :) You would expect to see extra tall engineers (because they need the extra brainpower) and shorter management and sales people. > There's also an element of the cultural perceptions of offices. "Important people have their own offices. I want to be perceived as important. Therefore, I must have my own office." Unfortunately, there is also the corollary: "You can't have your own room because you aren't important enough." Even though several rooms were completely empty. Glad I quit that job. Some of the worlds best music albums were created in that way. Does money just grow on trees in the magic stock market? The amount of sustained non-bubble growth the stock market can generate is limited, not unbounded. It follows that if the HFT bots steals a slice of it, then the slice the regular gamblers get is smaller than it would otherwise have been. Do note that cocaine was banned all around the world at the same time. The International" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Opium_Convention&... Opium Convention in Hague in 1912 was the first drug control treaty which lead to anti-drug laws in many Western countries. There were many more conventions following that one that caused outlawing of many more narcotic substances. Even if Americans were very racist at the time, maybe they were at the same time sane enough to realize that putting cocaine in soft drinks wasn't a good idea? Life is so much more than being a profitable servant. The Danes have more than enough food to feed themselves and enough houses to shelter everyone. Ensuring those basic needs, food and shelter requires at most 10% of the workforce. The remainder 90% can be allocated to schools, hospitals, retirement homes, tv production, professional athletes, accountants, hairdressers, etc. There is no shortage of either resources or labor. The only problem is how it is allocated. This is a kind of typical dialogue from an episode: Sheldon: Leonard, where do you stand on the anthropic principle? Leonard: Interesting question. On the one hand, I always thought… Sheldon: You don’t even know what it is, do you? The anthropic principle states that if we wish to explain why our universe exists the way it does, the answer is that it must have qualities that allow intelligent creatures to arise who are capable of asking the question. As I am doing so eloquently right now. Leonard: I know what the anthropic principle is. Sheldon: Of course. I just explained it to you. Now, where do you stand on it? Leonard: Where do you stand on it? Sheldon: Strongly pro. Leonard: Then I believe that God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he made you to annoy me. Raj: Hey, guys. Leonard: Hey. Sheldon: Yeah, wait, Raj, where do you stand on the anthropic principle? Raj: I’m all for it. Sheldon: Attaboy! Leonard: Well, hang on. Why do you believe that he knows what it is and I don’t? Sheldon: Oh, Leonard. Let’s not take a saw to the branch we’re sitting on, shall we? Why is Sheldon such a douchebag? He is socially incompetent but does he have to be an asshole too? Why doesn't Leonard or anyone else ever want to discuss science with Sheldon when it's supposed to be their biggest interest? It's like they are ashamed of being smart people. Right, I get that. But it is not honest to ask someone "where do you stand on the anthropic principle?" if you assume that they do not know what it is. Asking in that way is a common trickery to get someone to look foolish by attempting to answer a question they have no idea about. Classic douchebaggery. Great tutorial! If only there was an easy way to store the entered addresses in a database? Maybe that could be done in the next 5 minutes? :) I've had a few projects which where basically nothing more than just what was in the article. Meteor's builtin deploy and free Mailgun will fit perfect for cases like that. > They naturally give their descendents their connections, secret knowledge, wealth, safety and other benefits. The idea is that society in whole should be set up in such a way that connections and secret knowledge isn't valued as highly as it is now. George W Bush didn't become president because of merit, but because of connections and inherited wealth. A better system would have more highly valued leadership skills, rhethorical skills and general smartness and kept dofuses like him out of power. This is a way prettyprint could have been written without branching: def prettyprint(a, b): fmt_string = {True:'%d is less than %d',False:'%d is higher than %d'}[a Or even (and this is cheating by using the int constructor): def prettyprint(a, b): fmt_string = '%d ' + ['is higher than', 'is less than'][int(a I think a good way to get acquainted with FP is to replace conditionals with lookup tables and lambda functions. But it is easy to overdo it, sometimes plain old if-statements are the most readable alternative. A more elaborate solution is to install a userstyle ( http://userstyles.org/ ) and a browser plugin like as Stylish. There are dozens of themes available related to hacker news: http://userstyles.org/styles/browse/all/hacker+news . Haml is soo 2012. :) Try Jade ( http://jade-lang.com/ ), it has a much cleaner syntax and integrated markdown support. You can even use it as a preprocessor for other templating languages. TfsHandy: https://github.com/bjourne/TfsHandy It syntax highlights some Team Foundation Server commands output and makes it more pleasant to work with in Powershell. The OP is assuming it is a ripoff because you can buy other producers ketchup for half the price of "brand-name" Heinz ketchup. I doubt many people would tell the difference between Heinz and something else in a double-blind test. And if they can it is because the better tasting ketchup contains more sugar which anyway is bad. Same thing with jeans, you cant see the difference (unless they have the brand printed on them) so buying Levi's is a waste of money. Found this: http://www.seriouseats.com/2012/10/taste-test-the-best-ketch... http://lenpenzo.com/blog/id1481-ketchup-taste-test.html http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/09/13/the-best-ketchup_n_... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1387285/Red-faced-He... and many more taste tests. Not to say that not many people honestly prefer Heinz ketchup, but there seem to be no empirical evidence proving that Heinz would be the "best" ketchup. Doesn't it damage the engine to run completely out of gas? If no, are you sure about it? Really sure? So sure you would take your brand new $100k car and run it out of gas just to see what happens? :) Because of air drag which is proportional to the square of the velocity. At highway speeds, a large part of the energy consumed by the car to move at constant velocity is spent overcoming air drag. I think that's also why they are calling him out on going 60 mph on cruise control instead of stated 54 mph. No it doesn't. What the article says is to keep your velocity constant = zero acceleration by coasting and giving gas in short spurts. But it's entirely possible that journalists don't know the difference between "giving gas" and "accelerating the car." If you care about minor syntactical details like that, you should already be using coffeescript: select((o) -> o.x > 30) Seriously, it's great. :) Usually, when referring to someone in print, we use their last name. Out of courtesy. So it's "Popova" not "Maria." Also, Bleymaier 's estimates on donation and affiliate income are just ludicrous. 50k-100k/year in donations from 1.2 million visitors/month? Yeah, right. :) They take away from the original point he was trying to make, which he could have made without making numbers up out of thin air. There are other ways to lose weight. Such as swallowing tape worms, taking a laxative with every meal, using meth, moving to the moon... The statement "Cutting calories is the only way to lose weight" is a gross oversimplification and provably false. I don't think it can be emphasized enough how eye-opening that essay is. It totally changed the way I consume media. Reading about the "submarines" should be mandatory reading for anyone in school because it's that important. SciPy: http://www.scipy.org/ If you know that and the background math it requires, then you are fit to work in almost any data analysis setting you can imagine. You're assuming that the government has the public's interest as it's main priority -- not that its purpose is to funnel value from the public to private owners pockets. That they are able to exploit the goodwill of the state isn't a flaw, it's a feature. When I was a kid and went to a new school, I was the best in class at math. Mathematical ability is pretty clear cut, so there is no room for "yeah you thought you were awesome, but in reality you were just a know-it-all." I really was that good. :) In that class, there was a girl who used to be best at math before I came. She didn't like that I blew her out of the water when it came to calculating. Though she wasn't very good at math, she was very good at being a kid, forming alliances with the other children and backstabbing. Basically got me frozen out and bullied. My point is that I think the exact same thing happens on workplaces too, although in veiled form. If you have a gang of C class programmers "lead" by one B class programmer and one A class comes along, tension will likely occur. It has happened to me and I'd be surprised if it hasn't happened to more hackers here on hacker news. For a long time browsers shipped with basically broken zoom functionality. You could zoom, but it would break the page layout completely, make menu links disappear and images look ugly. It wasn't until WebKit browsers like Chrome came around that zooming to undo designers micro font sizes became usable in practice. There are still lots of sites around that breaks when zoomed in for one reason (flash) or another. Looks like everyone has their own hn design. :) Here is mine: https://github.com/bjourne/readable-userstyles/blob/master/h... It's a user stylesheet so you need the Stylish plugin to use it. Most people only use alert() for debugging. It blocks the thread of execution until dismissed which is a nice feature. However, alert() is almost never used to display user-visible messages, which one definitely would use your nice looking plugin for. The concept is called "flash messages" and there are some other plugins that also implement them, but they are not as sophisticated as yours. You can have a McDouble burger for $1 on the Dollar Menu. It contains 390 kcal and you need ~2300 kcal/day or about 6 burgers or $6. Can you go below that by cooking yourself? Unless you buy food in huge quantities, only eat pasta, or reduce your intake of meat, I think it's pretty hard. The difference, of course, is that Amazon takes a cut when any of these "Keep calm and rape her" t-shirts gets sold. Twitter doesn't. > caveat: WITH expressions are optimization boundaries This is a pretty big caveat and one of the rare areas in which postgres does worse than other database systems. In SQL Server a non-recursive common table expression is treated by the optimizer similar to a macro - You can break up a complicated query with unions and group bys into easier to read cte:s and be confident that the optimizer will piece them all together into a query whose execution plan is equal to the original one. But with postgres you can't because of the optimization boundaries. Its optimizer will attempt to make each cte as individually efficient as possible which can lead to a much worse execution plan overall. You can use views instead which, in contrast to cte:s, postgres optimizer can see through. Yeah, I've also heard that claim being made on the mailing list but it is probably wrong: http://dba.stackexchange.com/questions/27425/is-the-optimisa... . For writable cte:s it matters, for read-only ones the number of execution times doesn't. "Simply including an ad hominem attack in a reader comment was enough to make study participants think the downside of the reported technology was greater than they’d previously thought." That would mean that, the best way to influence people is to use expletives. If it's true then there's no wonder so many people are rude on the internet - it's the best way to get your message across! Then the program dies with an exception. What if a memory allocation in a Haskell program fails? It can happen just as well because allocating memory is an impure operation which you still have to perform from pure functions. Haskell just happens to pretend it has infinite memory available because forcing the programmer to attempt handle out of memory conditions would be impractical and annoying. Haskells "purity" is just a chimera, albeit a useful one. And it's just as useful being able to pretend network operations are pure too. The reason why using exceptions for control flow is bad is because it violates the Samurai Principle. Now why do I refer to a cheesy made up principle instead of explaining what I mean? Why do people use "exceptions are for exceptional situations" and similar empty expressions? Because programming is just as much about communicating intent as it is about writing efficient code! Following guidelines and maxims is extremely useful because if both the writer and the reader understands the protocl, then communication is smoother. The "Exceptions are for exceptional circumstances" protocol means that the reader of the code doesn't have to wonder "Is this a control flow situation? Is this exception supposed to be handled? Where does the code resume?" Following the Samurai Principle ( http://c2.com/cgi/wiki?SamuraiPrinciple ) similarily eases the cognitive load of the person reading the code. It allows you to treat each callable piece of code as an isolated unit whose value is equal to what it returns. For non-critical code, you can completely forget about exception handling because you dont need to bother. However, if an exception is thrown you can be equally assured that something unexpected happened. It was to hard for the "samurai function" to handle. Simple and extremely convenient. One example of not following the Samurai Principle or "exceptions for exceptional situations" happened at my last job. We were an mobile payment processor and trying to issue a charge to a customer when their balance was to low would result in a BalanceToLowException. Except that wasn't anything out of the ordinary, customers would often not have enough funds! The situation would be handled by retrying the transaction some other day. The API for charging customers would better have been designed returning a two tuple (chargeStatus,errorMsg) so that the following code could continue in the same location whether the charge succeeded or not. Throwing exceptions for ordinary events lead to spaghetti code. You can see similar misdesigns in some database ORM:s in which some queries throw silly NoRecordsFoundException which user code is forced to handle. Or Python's classic try: return int(somestr) except ValueError: return None Often the string you're passing to int() is user input so you expect it to often be non-numeric. Ouch. Java's checked exception straightjacket would mean that every code that calls startByInterviewId() would either have to handle exceptions or declare "throws Interview.NotActive, Interview.NotPublic, Interview.DoesNotExist, Account.EmailExists". The longer up in the callchain, the longer the throws-list becomes until the programmer either gives up and writes "throws Exception" or is forced to handle the exceptions in a half-assed way. Likely by writing an empty catch-clause and hoping that code piece is never reached. It's especially unnerving for the user of the method if they are sure the input data is valid. For example, if interviewId comes directly from the database, then Interview.DoesNotExist can't happen so having to catch it shouldn't be needed. If by grid, you mean "table" I've built one with it. Might put it on github after I've fixed the rough edges. The design inherits bootstraps css so it includes a grid layout by default. This old thread about it is interesting: https://groups.google.com/forum/?fromgroups=#!topic/django-u... I really hope Django gets support for persistent connections and/or connection pooling. pgbouncer isn't always an option on shared hosting (and is a royal PITA to setup on Windows) and there are other databases than postgres. No, the alternative is to have the government build subsidized housing and then enact strict price controls so that even poor families can afford to live reasonably. That's how it was done in Singapore for example and is why they can live in "spacious" 30-70 m^2 apartments despite having a higher population density than Hong Kong. See also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_housing_in_Singapore . You are free to hold your opinion. But at least be upfront with that you consider it an ideological issue as there obviously are reasonable alternatives to having poor people live in prison cells. Looks nice but runs at awfully slow 4-5 fps on my Ubuntu 64bit system. Is Radeon HD 4200 to weak for WebGL or is there something you need to configure? Actually I have to set Chrome to ignore blacklisted gpu:s to get it to run at all. WebGL performance is horrible but other 3d games run decently. Here are my highly opinionated opinions about their respective use cases: * BeautifulSoup: It was the best scraping library ever until python-lxml came around and stole the show. Despite that the manual said BeautifulSoup gives you unicode, damnit! it had some long-standing bugs which it gave you strings or incorrectly decoded web pages. I wouldn't use it anymore because lxml is strictly superior. * lxml: The king of scraping libraries. It is a big library so it can be hard to approach. It's actually a collection of markup parsers; lxml.html, lxml.etree and some more I've forgotten about. I almost exclusively use lxml.html since it "works" and can handle invalid markup without complaining. Use it like this: https://gist.github.com/mattoufoutu/823821 lxml can parse both using jQuery-style selectors with cssselect() and XPath 1.0 with the xpath() method. XPath is hard to learn, but once you get it you have a really powerful parsing tool which makes your life simpler. * pyQuery: Easy to get started with and use. But not as powerful as lxml+XPath. * urllib: Many of the modules in Python's standard library are there because they have been there for a long time. :) python-requests or httplib2 are the best libraries for http. * scrapy: A framework for scheduling and supervising scraper spiders. It takes care of everything from downloading pages, following urls, concurrent requests, handling network errors to storing data in a database or generating csv files. It doesn't parse html itself, but delegates that task to lxml. Personally, I've found scrapy to be very good when your problem fits with how scrapy thinks scraping should be done. If you try to depart from the scrapy-way then scrapy suddenly feels very "frameworkish" and limiting. For example, i spent a lot of time trying to get it to support delta-scraping -- periodically scraping the same site, but only download new or changed data -- but it felt impossible getting scrapy to work the way I wanted. * mechanize: Python port of the Perl module WWW::Mechanize. It's good for tasks like scripting logins. If you want to automate login to a site with a username and password, without having to care about session cookies, then mechanize is the ideal choice. Look elsewhere for an html parsing library. * Scrapemark: It has a fun and clever approach to scraping. But once again, not as powerful as lxml. Personally, I almost never sign up for any site anymore unless it features social login. Giving away my email address, entering a password twice and waiting for a confirmation mail is way to much work. I can guarantee you that you will get a much higher conversion ratio if you let people sign up with their facebook, twitter or google+ accounts. As an additional bonus you get more credible reviews because people can see that there is a real person behind it. It's well known that Canonical likes to do things their way and maybe suffers from a slight NIH syndrome. But do people have to be so upset about it? Maybe Rogers explanation is completely wrong and the real reason is "we thought it would be fun to write a new display server!" Does it matter? Saying "you're increasing desktop fragmentation" is silly and implies that writing Mir is somehow worse than writing no code at all. Graphics on desktop Linux currently kind of sucks. Windows and OS X are years ahead while we are stuck on X11 with flakey, sometimes-working, compiz-quality 3d effects. I think any effort to remedy that situation should be cherised. Just read up on why Wayland was created and what problems it indents to correct. Im not interested in enumerating X11:s latency issues, compositing and font rendering limitations etc when someone has already done the job much better than me. You may also try and use a recent Windows version for a few days and see if you can spot the differences. Only a small subset of sites get paid at all. Many networks has a treshold on how many acquisitions a publisher must create before they get paid anything. E.g a small publisher may create one customer per month with a commission of $5, but the threshold for payout is $50 and the network may charge a withdrawal fee plus wire transfer fees going to other middle men. In the end, the network gets huge amounts of advertising but pays almost nothing. To me it seem hyperbolic to call it the "Achilles heel of OAuth [2.0]." Other oauth providers than Facebook are smart enough to make the redirect_uri constant. Then the attack surface is reduced from the whole of mydomain.com to mydomain.com/whatever-redirect_uri-is. For those, the attack needs to be sophisticated enough to interfere with that specific url. But if the client site is owned that hard, it's lost anyway. Right, but other oauth2 providers than facebook aren't vulnerable to the redirect_uri hack you are describing, are they? If you happen to know every pl from Clojure to assembly, why on earth wouldn't you list it? The more languages you know the better. If someone disagrees with that statement, then that's stupid people you don't want to have anything to do with anyway. The authors point is that this is how poorly you'll do monetarily even if you reach bestseller status. Even if we assume a whopping 25% of all books becomes bestsellers, that means 75% of all books don't and are likely to net their authors even less money . The described scheme has nothing to do with popunders really. A hidden iframe is loaded in which the advertisers ad is "displayed" and the publisher gets payed on cpm. The user doesn't even get to see the ad. You're thinking of "money" as a resource that can be depleted like a forest or an iron mine. But that's not true, the amount of money is constant -- it just changes hands a lot. First graph shows that everyone could retire comfortably at age 50: http://www.data360.org/dsg.aspx?Data_Set_Group_Id=231 GNP (red line) tripled since 1970. That means, on average, every worker got three times more efficient. So why on earth do we have to talk about a lack of money when society's wealth has increased so fast? http://current.com/shows/the-war-room/blog/what-you-need-to-... Money is about power and is a zero sum game. If someone increases their share of the pie, then someone else necessarily loses out. >> But that's not true, the amount of money is constant -- it just changes hands a lot. > No it's not: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Money_supply#United_States Right. Governments print money all the time, but the total value of all the money remains constant, thanks to inflation. It's just a measure of how much power someone has in a society compared to everyone else. > It's less of a problem of income distribution than one of wealth distribution. The key issue is that people with lower incomes accumulate assets that cost them money (house, car, TV...) while those with higher income collect stocks, bonds, rentable real estate property, all of which generate more wealth. That's not given by God. Stocks didn't use to be money making machines and there is nothing that says they have to be. Stocks have been doing amazingly well since about 1980's because during the same time period wages have gotten a smaller and smaller share of the gnp. The ugly truth of the stock market is that for every winner there is also a loser. Note that the article says "This article's factual accuracy is disputed. Please help to ensure that disputed statements are reliably sourced." Wikipedia is a really horrible source for topics people may bicker about. In practice, no one pays over 50% of their income in income tax like that article implies. This is a really nice way to plug your product. :) Writing web applications where the server is just a RESTful api that handles authorization makes a lot of sense. Clean separation between models and views, easy to deploy almost anywhere and easy to scale and cache. I've been using flask-restless to accomplish something similar, but there is still some glue code you need and sql to define database models. Though it seems your collection api does not support arbitrary queries yet? E.g. you can't fetch the last 10 blog posts or the highest rated comments by user X? That are imho must have features for anything more than the most basic web application. Uniqueness validation seem to be missing too. E.g. currently no way to say to a user that "a user with that username already exists"? Some developers love that kind of micro optimizations. Even smart ones. I've had my varchar(256) columns changed to a more modest varchar(30) because I was "wasting space." Those people dont like being wrong either so there's no point arguing it either and instead concentrate on the bigger issues. I can guarantee you that denser cities also suffer from loneliness (with the caveat that a minority of all lonely people love their independence and enjoy living by themselves). It's not uncommon for seniors living in high rises to have been dead for weeks or months before the neighbours notice the smell. I don't think physical proximity is the core of the problem. This is an excellent post to show everyone who says that C is easy. Or that only sucky programmers creates segfaults and all you need is some discipline. Not even very experienced developers can be expected to keep track of all the nuances of the various ??str??cpy functions and their various faults. The solution is to stop using C already (unless you really, really have to). Last I tried Derby.js, their examples wouldn't run. Some version issue that supposedly was fixed in the repos but not released yet. But when I used the repos instead there was something else that broke because of a backward compatibility breaking change. Since I couldn't get even the toy examples to work, I gave up. Meteor, on the other hand, was extremely easy to get started with. The examples worked and the documentation was decent. Both Meteor and Derby.js are far from finished but to me Meteor seems like a much more polished product than Derby. I still hope both will live on because friendly competition is good and Derby has a niche. The point of life is not maximal profitability. Well, it is ok if your life is, but other people may have other viewpoints. Thankfully, the world is set up in such a way that I can easily derive a living from coding which I love to do. Are my contributions to humanity; optimized database queries, gui fixes, systems that my employer sell, etc more valuable than what a literature PhD does? Is it only the work that generates the most profits that is valuable? If one adheres to the utilitarian philosophy, I think it is easy to see that there is a problem. If the goal is to maximize happiness, then it would clearly be better if people who love to read and discuss books can do that as much as possible instead of doing something that makes them unhappy. How would you solve the problem? I find that very hard to believe. I'm ok with the talk about hackers being 10x more productive than regular developers. But a $100m bonus would mean that guy is about 1000 times more valuable than the average. It defies common sense in every way. And it's not just because I'm jealous and resentful I'm thinking that, no ones time is that valuable. Sure, CEO:s have a much greater impact on the company than the average employee. And they should get paid "lots," I don't disagree on that. But that's not the scale we are on here, we're talking 1000 times more productive . It's a larger difference than between peasants and the kings of feudal Europe. Google either gets 1000 extra engineers or gets this probably really smart guy. I guess we just have to agree to disagree since there is no way to measure how valuable a CEO is. I do think that the burden of proof is upon those that think those salary differences is justifiable since "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence." > A real world example would be Stephen Elop at Nokia: some say that he > has made Nokia lose billions of dollars, when another CEO might have > made Nokia save that money. Not a good example since Symbian has been a dead end for years and Nokia has failed to make desirable smart phones. Putting all the blame on him ignores all the bad decisions all the other people at Nokia did. Why not ask for compensation? If it took you 6-8 hours and is so good work that other applicants submit your solution, then you should get paid for giving it to them. This is my hn: http://jsbin.com/aronar/1 . It uses my stylesheet from: https://raw.github.com/bjourne/readable-userstyles/master/ha... Correct me if I'm wrong, but dealing with "big data" is still an unresolved problem in Meteor, isn't it? The leaderboard example ( http://meteor.com/examples/leaderboard ) works because it is easy to synchronize with a datastore that contains at most a few hundred values. It's so tiny the whole dataset can be kept in the web browsers memory. Say you have a database with 100k searchable indexed documents. You run the query "foo" to fetch the 10 best matches and also a count of how many documents among the total number of documents searched that matched the query. Now if someone simultaneously adds another document, the whole search query must be run again because the new document might match "foo" and even if it doesn't, the total document count still needs to be updated. Multiply that by a few concurrent clients and performance goes down the drain. The above scenario or permutations of it is incredibly common in web applications and I don't think Meteor has a good solution to it. I'd gladly be proven wrong though. The difference is academic. There still has to be a database that runs queries even if Meteor prefer to think of it as a subscription. The reason I used "big data" in quotes is because 100k rows isn't really that big. Most other web frameworks has no problem dealing with it, but with Meteor it's almost impossible. News is useful for exactly one reason: to have something to chat about. Don't underestimate that. You may have no interest in NK, Beckham, sports, the stock market or other stuff that frequents the news, but having something to talk about with people around you is important. Yes people use them. They can drive a decent amount of traffic too if they have some alluring and easily digestible content such as the common "list of top 10 bla bla" articles. It is also suspected that Google weighs shared links highly for ranking so just a few shares can give a substantial boost to a page's seo value. Though no one knows for sure how it works. True, but the key point is that it is his brilliance that is being wasted, not the 300k. It takes a few hours to get used to, but once you get the hang of it it becomes an amazing language. For most things postfix notation that Factor uses reads better than applicative (prefix) notation other languages uses. It's like jQuery's or linq's method chaining, only better :) and with less syntax. For example here is the solution to problem 22 in Project Euler ( http://projecteuler.net/problem=22 ): : names ( -- seq ) "names.txt" ascii file-contents [ quotable? ] filter "," split ; : score ( str -- n ) [ 64 - ] map sum ; : solution-22 ( -- n ) names natural-sort [ 1 + swap score * ] map-index sum ; > There is almost certainly someone, somewhere, claiming that sleeping on the floor and/or not showering makes you think better and your body healthier ("The Cave Man Sleep Technique....we didn't evolve in cushy beds now did we?") On the internet, of course there is :) http://www.paleodietandliving.com/paleo-living/sleep/sleep-w... Oh and showering to often is linked with everything from fungal infections, dandrufs, psoriasis and acne. Definitely not healthy according to lots of lifestyle strategists out there. Male beauty is mostly about height which one has little control over. E.g. if op is 5 feet, follows all your advice and looks like Brad Pitt in Fight Club, he will still not be more beautiful than someone who is 6 feet and does not follow it. IMHO, blogging for driving traffic is really hit-and-miss. One article may become huge and generate tens of thousands of visitors in a short time span while hundreds other barely get any eyeballs on them. If traffic is your primary goal, fewer articles while making sure they are as "link-baity" as possible is optimal. Top ten lists, inflammatory titles and easily digestible content. Also get the link to the article out in as many places as possible to maximize the odds of it going viral. Finance is a game of imperfect information. Most investors only has access to published information such as companies quarterly reports, so obviously, if you have an information advantage (by being an insider or knowing the next LIBOR rate) you can translate that into guaranteed profit. Contrast finance with sports betting. If you bet on a hockey team, you have almost complete information about any variable you can imagine. The career of each player, how the team has performed so far, how far the away team has to travel (you use that to estimate the fatigue of the players), any player injuries and so on. Surprisingly, sports betting is both more transparent and much more fair than finance because everyone has access to the same information. Sure, someone might know that the ice cleaning machine in the arena is malfunctioning so there may be debris left on the ice which may negatively effect one star players skating abilities and be able to exploit that information advantage. But it is marginal in comparison to the huge advantage traders and insiders can acquire in finance. My point is that looking at finance as betting makes it much clearer what is going on. Some of the players have an information advantage and are exploiting it. The rest are getting screwed. The longer time you have practiced something, the better you get. If you have written 1m lines, then you can be expected to know more than someone who has just written 50k. If a musician has played on stage for 500 hours, they can reasonably be expected to be more experienced than someone who has only done it for 2 hours. It's a blunt metric, yes, but most of the time it works. It's incompatible with standard Javascript libraries, which is why you would use Dommy because you can't use jQuery. The ClojureScript compiler is also fairly slow (due to google closure compiler I think) so even with a running jvm it takes several seconds to compile small example files. To slow for me so I switched back to CoffeScript which is lightning fast. Not quite. The following shows what doesn't work: (def $ js/jQuery) (.each ($ "body") (fn [idx, val] (.write js/document "In a lambda"))) The Google Closure Compiler munges names of functions so that any function declared in ClojureScript cannot be called from jQuery which means that no jQuery function that takes a callback can be used. And you really want to use GCC because without its dead code removal a simple helloworld.js file takes more than 700kb. Why not market a Windows version? As a Linux user, I'm accustomed to getting stuff for free. rsync also isn't as ubiquitous there so you don't have to complete with a free offering. That's a shame -- you usually post interesting links. I'm curious about this whole "have to be contrarian deal." Guy writes blog post which is good advice in 99% of the situations and someone just has to bring up that, yeah, somewhere, sometimes more logging is not necessarily better. Why always nitpick on things? In my work, if people wrote more and better log messages I would be delighted. They almost never do and instead rely on the Visual Studio debugger to inspect program state. It works great when debugging your own code, but is pretty useless when debugging someone elses code (you dont know where to place the breakpoints) or when analyzing a crash on a production site. No one can tell you what the problem is with that little information. However, here are some suggestions on how you can yourself debug your problem: Isolate: Eliminate as much as possible until nothing except the problem remains. You can't fix the problem until you know what the problem is, and guessing about it will just lead you astray. Is performance still crap when you remove the db calls? When you replace the db connection with sqlite? When you remove the view logic and just render a static template? When you remove the templates altogether and just render a simple "Hello, world" string? When you put the application on a free Heroku instance instead of Linode? Then ask yourself, does it make sense? Is Ruby so slow that a simple page takes 300 ms to load? Is a $20 (per month? per year?) Linode VPS that crappy? Yes it is just you. :) The original becomes horrible when the number of cases grows, when you want a default and can introduce subtle bugs if you forget a break. In the second example, there is a clean separation between processing commands and dispatching on the input. For example, you might want to extend processUserInput with "invalid command" handling, commands with arguments or even add commandTable as an argument to it so that you can reuse it for all your dispatching needs. And to top it of, you can dynamically add new commands to the dispatch table which you can't to a switch. I wonder is anyone else feeling that the stigma of being alone is much worse than actually being alone? Thing is, if you voluntarily spend your weekends playing games, coding, walking in the nature or any other non-social activity it reflects negatively upon you. I've spent a lot of holidays all by myself doing what I enjoy, eating the holiday candy I like the most, and just relaxing. From what I can tell, "normal" people would feel miserable spending their time like that, so they assume that I too must feel miserable. As a frequent user for rtmpdump, youtube-dl, libdvdcss and adblock plus thinking otherwise would be kind of hypocritical dont you think? Hell, if you've ever blocked a popup then most likely, you too are an evil TOS violator. They are even worse when it comes to IMAP. So if you have a sizable gmail account it is virtually impossible to switch to another client because gmail's labels doesn't at all match how IMAP folders behave. But it is hard to complain about a free service and it's quite possible that they couldn't have implemented all gmails features the way they did if they stuck to the IMAP standard. Try to wrap your head around Factor: http://factorcode.org/ Possibly it will not break out this year, but I'm sure it will become fairly popular in the future. Funny thing is they are using their two decade old character Wario. About time they come up with something new after milking the overused Mario and Zelda franchises for so long. Developers are much more security aware these days. Wayland will not require root privileges which means a buffer overflow isn't as critical. It also will not be network transparent which reduces the attack surface enormously. Then remember it was created because xorg had accumulated so much cruft over the years because of its obligation to support dozens of outdated X11 extensions nothing (except for emacs :)) uses. Hopefully that means Wayland's devs will keep it lean and clean and easy to secure. You can't go wrong with Factor: http://factorcode.org/ . It's so different and totally out there that you will definitely learn something new. Plus, it's practical. :) What a whiner. Truth is all major companies receive state subsidies in some form. Auto makers get cheap loans, banks get bailouts, agriculture get beneficial import tariffs, pharmaceutical get free medicine research, defense companies get new wars etc. If they don't, they can usually bitch and moan and threaten to move production to a third world country unless they get a tax rebate. Makes sense that a company that can be beneficial to society should also get it. Here is a brute force solution in factor: 6 [ 10 iota >list ] replicate >list lcartesian-product* [ { 215 275 335 355 420 580 } [ * ] 2map sum 1505 = ] lfilter list>array . Kind of cheating, but the solution space is so small that brute forcing it becomes viable. > But it utterly failed to account for the strategies that were in place for future functionality, that placed very different requirements on the platform. In other words, he pissed management off. He busted his as off trying to improve the product and was rewarded by being treated like shit. It really sounds more like he was railroaded by company politics by stepping on the wrong peoples toes. Do you honestly not see how someone that takes an initiative like that could be an incredible boon to a company? When you punish people like that, what you're left with is an office full of drones that does exactly what they are told, nothing more nothing less. The situation you're describing is a management failure of epic proportions. Failed to communicate future planned features to dev team. Failed to exploit someones willingness to take responsibility. Failed to get input from the programmers (obviously at least one of them thought the code base was a mess). Oh, and hiring someone who believed making a good product was more important than following chain of command. Big mistake there. > That's my caution to people who assume everything they don't understand about what they're working on means the people running the projects are idiots. Even construction workers always knows what they are working on and why their work is important. If management is unable to communicate to the developers what purpose their work serves to the company then that is incompetent beyond belief. Sounds like fun, but maybe you should wait with submitting it until you have something going? In case you lose interest for some reason. Assuming bitcoin "succeeds" they will be worth almost infinitely more than they are worth now. Actually, let's just round that up to infinity since if it happens I'll be filthy stinking rich anyway. Since the probability of bitcoin succeeding is not infinitely small (that would be 0), but somewhat larger than that, investing in bitcoin is an infinitely good investment! I fall firmly in the "can't do dishes" camp with week(s) old dishes in the sink. I've been this way in over 30 years so I'm beginning to think that the condition is uncurably permanent. Blog posts like this telling me that doing dishes more frequently is good has not helped. Thing is, it is hard or even impossible for a disher to understand a non-dishers perspective, so their advice may not be applicable. I wonder if anyone as an adult has successfully transformed themselves to a dish-after-every-meal type?