Interesting observations. As someone who has been in hiring positions over several years, the signal to noise ratio in recruiting consistently goes down. On-line recruiting used to be the domain of the talented. Now that everyone is on-line, the professional job-searchers have more time on their hands. Let's say the unqualified outnumber the qualified by 5 to 1. They're also job-searching on company time, so they send out 5 times as many resumes as the qualified. Their resumes then outnumber the qualified by 25 to 1. This gives you the ratios that Peroni sees. What's hard - very hard - is that good engineers aren't great at writing job descriptions that are useful to HR recruiters. Conversely, many good HR recruiters still don't understand technical job descriptions. In the end, this is why the best recruiting method still seems to be, "Ask your best person who their most capable friend is." My 2 cents... What is more likely to create a company built to last? 1) A firm starved for cash, but with boadloads of the best talent or 2) A firm starved for talent, but with boatloads of cash In situation 1, a great leader can create gold. In situation 2, all a leader can do is line their pockets. In 2002 and 2008 there were fantastic people that were unemployed through no fault of their own. People who just aren't visible in normal times. In many cases, these top performers already have money, so they can take a risk. Better to invest sweat in the dark days than cash in the bright ones. There are two unwritten assumptions in this post: 1 - The company focuses on people as appreciable assets, as opposed to costs to be minimized. 2 - There is not diminishing returns for chasing the best. Where this is true and recognized, companies don't nickel and dime employees. It is usually true in the best recruiter of each talent focused industry. Like them or not, this is in part why Goldman Sachs and McKinsey succeed, as well as top software firms. Once you view people as costs to be minimized (think the auto industry) or there is diminishing returns on individual excellence (think Wal-mart) then this system breaks down. The headline is a little more downbeat than the story, no? As I read it, they say that private VC investment is moving from research to development. This is consistent with the nature of VC funds - they usually have to pay back investor money within 7-10 years. The research cycle in physical sciences is frequently long enough that adding development pushes the idea beyond 10 years. As such, VCs are more interested in bringing already researched ideas (or incremental ideas) to market. There are 2.5 antidotes to this: 1) The government can fund more basic research, similar to biology. 2) The government can put a revenue neutral tax on unclear energy. (Carbon taxing) They can use to revenue to fund #1, or give it back in the form of lower taxes. Even the latter will create financial incentives to fund alternatives. 2.5) Fund longer term (10-15 year time horizon?) VC style investments with public funds, either through pensions or other dedicated funds. This would be similar to Singapore. I am fairly confident that #1 will help, as it benefits other areas in science. There is potential for waste, but lots of residual benefits. I am very confident that #2 will work, as it lines up everyone's incentives to solve the problems. I am only slightly confident that #2.5 will work, as it is not a business model that has worked in many other places. Call me jaded, but this doesn't seem so bad to me. If I like something, I am putting that out in the public. I expect it to be on my feed. Why wouldn't it be used more efficiently to tell others what I like? My view is that both Facebook and LinkedIn are services where everything defaults to public. What is strange is I don't feel this way about Amazon - I view my reviews to be public, but my personal ratings should not be. Same with Netflix. It is a very subtle distinction, and apparently not everyone thinks this way. I think abusing private personal information is a much worse crime. Good point. The more people are scared, the less they'll give useful information, and the less they'll benefit from the service, so the less they'll give useful information... Public versus private is a tough one, because many times I do click through to things largely based on who recommends them. In a sense it's like having a baby. There are always 100 financial reasons to postpone, but if you wait too long (despite 100 good reasons!) you wind up saying, "I wish I done this years ago!" On the one hand, the article can be depressing - each fallout is a dream that died. On the other hand, one of the things that makes the Valley succeed is it's capacity to celebrate failure. A mistake? What did you learn? Now move on! Companies that facilitate this are part of what makes for such a healthy eco-system. Compare this to Japan - much of their lost decade(s?) was caused by an inability to accept failure, and shut down unproductive firms. Don't just think of compensation in terms of dollars and equity today. Also consider: - What are the benefits implications? - How much will this increase your future marketability through connections and learning? - How will this impact your ability to do things outside of work? (10 hour workday? 12? 16?) - What will the work environment do to your mental health? As items with current and future $ implications, this is part of the compensation discussion. To paraphrase one of the Great Ones, "They're Not Dead Yet!" I had two folks re-interview with me who in the past 6 months had declined offers from my firm. They both went to other firms, and massively failed. In my eyes they are now more valuable to me, not less. More maturity, humility, sense of boundaries, etc... In both cases we re-extended the initial offers. In Japan it was a 2 tier issue. Insolvent (Zombie) banks were allowed to stay open. They in turn kept many insolvent companies alive. It's a testament to the strength of the Japanese that they kept the game going on for as long as they did. Of course it's not an exact analogy, but I share your concern that in the US we are trending towards a "Keep them open" mentality, rather than a "Try and try again". A recent quote from Michael Jordan has been making the rounds: (& I believe the real @ is much higher than 9000) "I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." Any time you have a massive government subsidy to an industry, people will eventually line up to scam it. In this case, it's a shame because there are a lot of innocent bystanders who get scammed. In addition to the taxpayer footing the bill by providing lower cost loans, people graduate the schools with worthless degrees. I am a big fan of charter schools, and in theory support for-profit colleges, but I wish I had more data points on where they succeed. Perhaps there will be a collegiate disruption similar to Khan Academy. The beauty of this discussion is not just "How to create memorable but hard to break password?" but "How much deep insight can a 4-6 frame cartoon contain?" The signal to noise ratio of xkcd is fantastic! They've again zipped a great discussion in just a few frames. Perhaps you could sell a 99 cents version on Amazon? Interesting post. I find work life balance to be very tightly coupled with the time horizon of the company. The 99 cents is arbitrary. Basically any number low enough to keep you from getting scammed. I was "yes, helpful" vote number 154 this morning. Hard to imagine too many others buying it. The charity idea is a good one too. Or you could create a beer fund for your fan base. :-) Or follow Knuth's example for people who find errors. I suspect this will all be resolved to your satisfaction shortly. Please keep us informed. The 99 cents is arbitrary. Basically any number low enough to keep you from getting scammed. I was "yes, helpful" vote number 154 this morning. Hard to imagine too many others buying it. The charity idea is a good one too. Or you could create a beer fund for your fan base. :-) Or follow Knuth's example for people who find errors. I suspect this will all be resolved to your satisfaction shortly. Please keep us informed. Seems inevitable, no? I get perhaps one meaningful piece of mail a week tops, and nothing that can't wait a week. There are peaks (weddings, Xmas, etc) but very little that justifies the scale of the system. I suspect this is true for a large percent of the population under 60 - at least the urgency part. The trend will continue. One secondary question - are the fixed costs so big that the system only works with huge volumes? Seems logical enough, no? There is diminishing personal benefit in getting another 2-3x returns. To quote The credit card companies - locking in your kids education is priceless. From a moral point of view - if firms are turning down billion dollar exits, they owe their early vested employees some liquidity. Of course the size of the rush to the exit is also indicative of the health of the firm. I hear you. From a personal view lot is BC/AC - before and after child. From a corporate view, it is a question of sprinting (to an exit or market opportunity) versus building for a longer time horizon. As we age, our priorities change, as do the types of places we choose to work. One success measure for academics is how long their ideas survive their passing. (As the Physicists perversely say, "The revolutions don't wait for the old professors to retire, they wait for them to die.") It's a testament to the deepness of EWD's ideas that they are still relevant in the field despite all that's changed. The link is now dead. I think that means you succeeded! The practical side is an interesting parallel to Knuth. Any best sources on his compiler? The core premise is sound. It is also consistent with research popularized in Blink, which shows how quickly people make up their mind. In practical terms, most times the proposer knows his subject more than the proposed. It takes the receiver of the information time and attention (both of which are scarce in decision makers) to deeply understand the pros and cons. So they fall back on heuristics: "Did this programmer meet their deadline last time?" "Are they wearing a suit?" "Did they go to a school I respect?" Early in my career, I thought, "It's only the content that matters. Anyone who disagrees is an idiot." It took a while to realize there are sound psychological reasons behind the other heuristics people use to choose. It took even longer to learn the game theory behind why some of the "Who you are" matters more than the quality of the idea in question. That's much too long a post for a writer who hasn't had their first coffee. One last thought... The Karma factor in part is a signal to judging people. (Or rewarding) Of course most of read the articles first, before looking up the credibility of the poster. :-) It's also about listening. It's impossible to listen when you're talking. This can be counterintuitive as we are hard wired to not like the blank space. Think of it in reverse... How much do we hate sales people who won't let us get a word in? How often do we really buy from them? If you have a consultant pitching you, would you rather listen to a 30 slide powerpoint presentation, or have a 2-way discussion on your issues? Using nature as a model for the internet, the economy, or other large systems is not new. Much of the science and (more importantly?) mathematics of explaining both is similar. Kevin Kelly (of Wired fame) is a great explainer of these ideas. He has lot of interesting writing on his website. http://www.kk.org/ I think Biz Stone is one of the most advanced thinkers of social media. I hope he keeps writing about this. Although I'm not a teacher, this topic is near and dear to my heart. My current firm recruits CS, Engineering and Financial Mathematics grads from top schools. Even in this environment, we need to give everyone a math test as part of the hiring process. We can't trust the GPA. Top software firms make developers write code as part of the interview. Even CS (which seems tougher than most majors) suffers from grade inflation. The beauty of this system is that "grade grubbers" who nag the professors for better grades ultimately don't get rewarded. People who are in school to learn do. A prior firm that I worked for (large consultancy) did a study on if GPA was predictive of good work performance. They found that there was a pass/fail barrier of a 3.0 for technical degrees, and 3.2 for non-technical degrees. Folks who couldn't find a way to hit the lower barrier on average didn't do as well. Folks who did better were more likely - but there was no benefit for getting much higher. A 3.8 student wasn't any more likely to perform better than a 3.1 student. (Slightly off-topic - the only other predictor of success was people who worked at least part-time while in school. It didn't matter what the job was, but people who had to work doing school on average performed better than those who didn't.) So what can be done that doesn't crush the professors? My grad school forced every non-Phd class to hit an average GPA. Want to give more As? Then give more Cs. When every professor is forced to live by this, nobody suffers in the evaluations. I will let others give you health advice. Just remember that nobody else will take care of yourself except for you. That said, here are some areas I have seen ex-programmers succeed: - Finance - May require another degree but it's an easy transition. The math shouldn't be too hard. It can be in the treasury dept, risk, anything with modeling. - Marketing analysis - you would be surprised how much Math is involved in getting a tube of Crest to your cabinet. - Teaching - most cs folks know enough math to teach it. Many states are so desperate for math teachers that they don't require an education degree. In the end, don't worry. Programming is one of the hardest intellectual tasks out there. Other fields will seem easy in comparison. True. Very few thinking jobs don't require desk time, and based on the little we've read, thinking is one thing we can infer from the original post. Some programmers migrate to Sales and other field support jobs, but it's a bigger stretch on skills. Or more precisely - they require certain skills at a high level that aren't as required in programming. Anything other than superficial "Check out this field" will take more than a couple high level posts. Shoot an email address, and I'm happy to discuss more in depth. Two interesting thoughts here, that are general to application development. 1 - The reason Windows lost it's way was a lack of simplicity. This is a broad comment about software in general. It is tough to be everything for everyone. And most software starts this way. 2 - There was a great line hidden in the footnotes. This speaks to the importance of collaboration amongst great programmers. "As Scrivener’s creator relates, he emailed Jesse Grosjean, Writeroom’s author, wondering how he did the block-cursor thing; very generously, Grosjean just gave him the code, and even recommends Scrivener on his own website." Very good read! A few more: - I don't need to worry about the product. I hired someone for that. - Hiring is for HR. - I will be spending August on an island in the South Pacific. - It is ok to miss payroll. - Our value add to the customer-centric value chain is based on world class process excellence principles. - That's not my job. After the startup succeeded or before? :-) It's very obvious, but also very hard. Hard because it isn't measurable in the short term, and hard because many engineers aren't wired for it. That said, technology leaders have to eventually overcome the introspection that made them successful in the first place. It is easy to see how some of the greats in the tech industry do it. Look at Ron Conway - he is a perpetual networker, and one of the highest impact people around. Steve Jobs is another, creating his famous reality distortion field. Look at Demo Day - isn't this the culmination of a lot of networking on top of great product work? One of the interesting aspects of social networking theory is that it is the people more removed from us who can help us the most. The people we are tightly linked to don't know that many people that we don't. The folks less tightly linked have the incremental connections we can't access ourselves. Coffee anyone? Any incremental improvement in recommendations is useful, more so than just advertising. Now if it's finding books that I wouldn't find on my own.... Wowsers! But that's just me. IMHO - There is a ring of truth to this, but it does not seem so profound. When I was unemployed (2008) it was depressing because the market was awful. But... I was able to work full time at improving my health (no "I'm working too hard to go the gym" excuse!) and finding new work. The fear of poverty is depressing, but not as bad as working awful hours without the time to improve one's situation. It is very easy to say, "Better to go hungry and wait for the perfect job." I think it is more realistic to say, "Don't take the first job that comes along. Be sure whatever you do is at least moving you in the right direction." "So, how do we reskill a workforce to adapt not only to challenges of the new but also to cope with the legacy of the old? Universities in conjunction with major employers should work together to address this issue." I think the market will take care of this, rather than universities. It is simple supply and demand. If COBOL programmers get paid enough of a premium, people will learn COBOL. This is an order of magnitude more likely than finding professors to teach a language they dislike. Even 20 years ago few students were lining up for university COBOL courses. Here's where I struggle... Everything you say about Groupon today applied to Amazon in the late 90s. They were accused of being a pyramid scheme. They were accused of bad accounting because they counted free shipping as a one time expense. They were never going to succeed. Fast forward 15 years and Borders is going out of business, Barnes and Noble is in retreat and Amazon moved beyond books to retailing everything - including the cloud. My nature is to be a cynic, and I roll my eyes when people make up new metrics. I look for cash rather than an opinion on earnings. Even Generally Accepted Accounting Principles can be gamed, let alone non-GAAP metrics. But maybe this time they're right. This isn't to say Groupon will succeed, but there is some precedent. Maybe they are more Amazon than eToys. This highlights how much iPhone is tied to local carriers. South Korea is a market leader in mobile technology. Making it there means a lot in terms of the global marketplace. (Then again, I used to say the same thing about Japan.) They left out better looking too. :-) I think it's a Marketing issue. The article describes it as self-image related. This could be true, and it's successful Marketing for Apple to convince buyers that they're special. It could also be that something that the article is missing - that Apple is hitting a wealthier and more outgoing target demographic. These are the types of people who will use the phone to communicate more, and will buy more apps. It does explain something of a paradox - why do poor middle Americans support policies that harm them in the short term? Why does the guy who lost his job when a PE firm bought his factory vote for a party that supports a very low tax rate on the PE carried income? (This is ignoring whether it's right or wrong in the broader sense) Why don't the poorer 51% unanimously vote tax hikes on the wealthier 49%? I assumed it was because they still wanted to support the party that appeared stronger on defense, or lined up with their social values. This article uses behavioral economics to suggest a different interpretation. Anger and Creativity are mutually exclusive? Perhaps in business, but I am not convinced this is true in Art. There are a lot of angry musicians out there. (Would we have had Punk without it?) Although it's out of my area of expertise, I would guess the same is true with painting. Anger clouds and narrows the mind, but isn't it a stretch to say it can not occur side by side with creativity? Seth is usually right, but I disagree with him on this one. It's a strange article for THIS audience, in that we are power users of technology. We don't buy the cheapest machines on the market - we tweak the best ones on the market. That said, Apple is succeeding with folks less like us. Folks like our parents, who never heard of disk defragmenting. Uber-Cheap Windows machines do indeed fail this market. The buyers do get what they pay for, but it's also because they don't know better. Those folks are who this guy is writing for. I've also known VCs who have said they wouldn't take VC money. VCs expect a high rate of return on the money - they take the risk expecting a high return. And if you can get the return on your own money, why not take it? So why go with a VC? 1 - You have no alternative source of income to grow the business. 2 - There is a significant opportunity to scale the business that requires a larger investment, and traditional non-specialized sources of financing won't understand it. (Your local bank or your rich Uncle Jack won't understand why viral marketing and a server farm could enable your business grow 100x, a good VC will.) 3 - Knowledge and Relationships. This is the main reason. A good VC may have been on 30 or 40 boards. They have great pattern recognition for success and failure. They know your industry. Your suppliers and potential customers will take their call. They know how to deal with investment bankers, who won't want to screw them over. It's worth noting that the difference between a good VC and a bad VC is enormous, but they both expect the same return out of you. As they say in the financial world, "He's talking his book." That said, much of what he says is spot on. Software is creeping into everything. Education seems obvious. Health Care will be more difficult. A lot of the change will happen in the US. If we can't invest money, we still can invest our careers. This is interesting psychology. Eventually 10 in a row has to happen. But would you bet 50 cents to win 51? At what point is it Bayesian statistics that tells you not to make the bet? (That somehow the coin is loaded) Seems like an interesting website. Will there be issues of the questions and answers getting out? Or will that be obvious in a second round interview? In that sense it's probably a better pre-screener than a headhunter who says, "I see they're requesting a C guru, and my Word search found the letter C on your resume..." I thought he summarized it accurately in the last paragraph. "So rework, reference, release. Flow through the landscape of your own strengths and weaknesses. Count to 10,000 rework hours as you walk. If you aren’t seeing accelerating external results by hour 3300, stop and introspect. That is the calculus of grit. It’s the exponential human psychology you need for exponential times. Ignore everything else." It took a lot of wording to get there though. :-) He seems to be very good at summarizing many pop-theorists (Gladwell & Friedman) and synthesizing an interesting core idea. My interpretation is, "It takes time to get to the limit of well defined fields, but if it doesn't get easier over time, you're on the wrong path." This rings true. Not everyone that takes an introductory CS course finds it easy, but if the third or fourth one is still awful instead of exciting, perhaps it's time to find a new major. Same with music. Or Literature. The great ones put in the time, but it gets easier. (& Perhaps that's why they can succeed!) Funny! And it's a more concise and effective call to arms than a 30 page peer reviewed article spilling with data. I wish I had something profound to say other than, "Thanks for posting." The signal to noise ratio of Steve Blank is very high. I like this idea a lot. In the past I have been involved with firms who have done this on two dimensions: managerial competence and industry knowledge, or content knowledge and process knowledge. The circle is a great way to add another dimension to it. The hard part seems to be the 2nd step - mapping the skills of the candidates to the description. It sounds easy, but rating soft skills is very difficult. Thanks for sharing this! Interesting. # of patents is a very misleading metric, in the same sense that # of lines of code really doesn't tell you much about quality. My intuition on the purchase is not that each patent is worth ~ 2/3 of a million dollars (~17K patents, ~12bln purchase price - so the math is a little off) or even 1/4 of a of a million dollar (divide by the premium paid that day ~5mm). I assumed that there were a couple big ones hidden in there that had most of the value from a grand strategic point of view. This isn't about nickel and diming everyone on small things, it's about controlling a few of the big ones that will stand up in court. That said, I wasn't smart enough to figure out which subset were valuable on my own. Thanks for sharing! It certainly makes ycombinator's performance seem all the more impressive. What is left out of the equation is the opportunity cost of Angel/VC time. And benefit too. The caliber of advice and strength of networking has a huge impact on fund performance. This comes at a large opportunity cost, as advisor time and attention could be deployed elsewhere. I believe this opportunity cost is higher than tangible dollars. Te benefit certainly is. 10 minutes in and I can say this is a great website! I hope it has the depth to match. Great work Zach! Great series. There are plenty of reasons to be skeptical of small values. The statistical significance probaly won't be there except for high volume sites. There is a paradox - AB is better for big changes, but those changes could also be the most disruptive to existing users. Even with these concerns, look at how efficient this is compared to traditional retail. Imagine all the black magic required to figure out which display for Crest works the best. It was worthwhile to do with very blunt tools. We may not be in the realm of scalpels, but we are well beyond chainsaws. Thanks for sharing! It's obvious, but why don't we do it more? When I was younger I would (snail) mail my favorite athletes with a self-adressed stamped envelope (do these exist any more?) asking for an autograph, and most would reply. Or they had people to reply. As I got older, I would write my favorite authors, as the writer here did. Again I would get a lot of responses. An adage in customer service is "One angry customer generates twenty times the PR as one good customer." If you are the one happy (raving happy?) the creators are happy to hear from you. Most creators (deliberate word choice - creators) are in it for more than just money. A lot of creation is about self-fulfillment. But to be deeply appreciated... Ah!!!! Interesting. One can argue that equity valuations are too high but these firms should be able to survive a downturn. They have profits and are not too dependent on other startups as customers. This is a big departure from 2000. Most of the 11 listed could survive years with a depressed NASDAQ even if IPOs dry up. From anecdotal experience, it does seem like Portland is drawing a lot of talented folks. It is definitely a "bike to work, complain at city hall and drink obscure beer" crowd, but is that such a bad thing? I have to admit I feel like his letter was more like Lou Gehrig than Michael Jordan. I wish him the absolute best. Very interesting. One point on firing senior executives - in many cases it's the first time the executive ever failed. Silicon Valley is perhaps the only exception, but this is precisely because exits are handled well. Being good at separations increases a company's ability to take risks on hiring. Indeed. It appeals to the hacker ethic. And the Green ethic. But not to the SUV and Strip Mall ethic. Or the Zenga (sp?) tie ethic. This article has an economics spin to it, which is interesting as only insiders seem to understand how much mathematics is required in that field. Greg Mankiw lays out a similar defense of mathematics in what we might assume to be a more logic or intuition driven field. ( http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/2006/09/why-aspiring-economis... ) His advice for aspiring Phd students in economics suggests as much mathematics as many undergrad programs require ( http://gregmankiw.blogspot.com/2006/05/which-math-courses.ht... ). What's this mean about calculators and learning the basics? There are concepts that you can't mentally understand if your mind can't map the basics of math. I see it in real world examples (people can't make quantitative business judgements on the fly) as well as abstract reasoning. One of the critiques of Google is similar - by reducing what we need to remember, we reduce our ability to process certain ideas on the fly. Like many things, it's ultimately a trade-off. Are the things we mentally miss from utilizing calculators and Google more or less important than what we gain in added productivity? (Is it worth the health hit of driving 5 miles to work rather than walking? Can you mitigate it by spending half the saved time in the gym?) Many folks are viewing this from the wrong angle... This is a serial entrepreneur. Guys like this rarely stay at big companies. Take this from the point of view of a potential entrepreneur - wouldn't it be great to have a guy that's done it twice be one of your angels? Or let's say he starts another company - wouldn't that be a great one to work for? Some thoughts: 1) In addition to technical skills, look for values and fit. Is this someone you want representing your firm? Is this someone you want to share 2000+ hours a year with for the next few years? 2) Do your best to have each hire bring something unique that nobody (especially you!) else is good at. 3) Look for trajectory in addition to location. For example: If there are two people of the same ability, and it took one person 7 years to get there, and the other 3, the junior person is learning faster. You don't want to hire people who have already peaked, as your organization and it's needs will grow. 4) No matter how busy you are, it's always ok to wait if you haven't found the right person. The cost of a bad hire is enormous, and it's a large market. It's ok missing three good hires if the process allows you to miss one bad hire. 5) For more tips, go to www.joelonsoftware.com and page down to the section listing his posts for recruiters. You don't have to follow 100% of what he says, but investing a few hours will help a lot. And this comes from Groupon's hometown. Ouch! My impression is that Groupon works better for brining in incremental revenue. A prior HN post on skydiving captured this very well. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2654788 What I mean by incremental is customers who would never use your business to begin with. It also helps if the business is high margin. These businesses tend to have high fixed costs too. We recently used Groupon for a midweek booking of a fantastic bed and breakfast. Great for them - we'd have never heard of it, and the revenue was largely incremental, while the costs were fixed. Great for us - a B&B when we wanted. Also great for a bespoke suit. ($3000 - a little crazy. But $600 - not so bad) Yoga seems much more variable cost. A big part of the cost is the teacher. Some back of the napkin (streetfighting?) math suggests a class of 15 people pays $8 per a hour class. Counting prep, set up, and tear down, it takes the teacher an hour and a half. So let's say they make 60. Then it's 60 to pay for the space, AC, etc. Very low margin business. Cutting the revenue by 75% doesn't make sense unless you're selling a lot of add-ons or expecting to convert for long term customers. Both are risky propositions at best. Very interesting. It's clear that Groupon is willing to dedicate a lot of pre-IPO capital to the project. Facebook probably figures that it's not worth giving up being profitable to do. At least not yet. In many cases the second or third mover can still win. Think Yahoo and then Google in search. (Whatever did happen to Altavista?) Exactly! Groupon is good for some but not all. Same with Network TV advertising. Same with newspaper coupons. For better or worse, many things happen in Wall Street as a continuation of market convention. Why do people use Bloomberg rather than email? Why is Sybase the standard? Why is so much done in Excel? There are a half dozen reasons for each of these (and a dozen more that they shouldn't be) but the common link is, "It's the market standard, and it's hard to change the standard." My impression is software budget overages are too common to be called Black Swans. According to Taleb, there are two kinds of Black Swans. One comes from underestimating the uncommon event. (Example: Having three ten-sigma events in a week) The other comes from missing the risk entirely. (Example: A casino having risk management systems for the slots and tables, but not for an employee who doesn't submit the forms to the gaming comission) With IT overages, most of the issues are known: - Scope control - Lack of talented staff - Lack of end user engagement - Lack of sponsorship - Poor understanding of external dependencies and integration requirements - Lack of objective metrics of progress When so many projects go over, it isn't a Black Swan problem, it's a White Swan problem. I agree with All the points about hiw government sponsored research (including all public school research) Should be free or near free. The unanswered question is "Why is the market failing?" A couple unmentioned ideas: - Until recently, tuition hikes went unchallenged. - Faculty have a vested interest in maintaining the system. (If my publishing in Journal X marks my competence, what happens if it goes away?) - An alternate system for rating a very hard to measure topic would be needed. Counting scarce publishing, and references in scarce journals is imperfect but nothing else has beaten it. I don't have an answer but perhaps a couple bright entrepreneurs could figure out a better equilibrium, and find a way to cross the chasm to get there. Geoffrey Moore would say pick one vertical or academic discipline. I think this line captures my sentiment: "What’s likely to happen in the daily deals space, analysts have said, is that a handful of industry leaders will rise to the top, while smaller or niche efforts fade away." There isn't room for a dozen of these companies. If the sector has long term profitability, it'll be Groupon, a hipper smaller competitor, and perhaps a niche player or two. Or perhaps niche players attached to bigger businesses. Look at search as an analogy. There's room for Google the gorilla, perhaps Yahoo and Bing, and Wolfram Alpha for the data nerds. Not much else is worth the investment. Thank you for the comments. I appreciate your insights as an academic living through this. Even still, I have to respectfully disagree. I'll grant that the economics in most textbooks starts with the assumption of homogenous buyers and sellers. Economists have found ways of breaking down this assumption without giving up the concept of a market. Granted you lose "Perfect competition" but that's ok. Let's look at an analogy... Rather than academics, let's talk about programmers. There is as much variety in programmer performance as senior faculty performance. The firms that hire these programmers have not been able to create a monopoly. Yes - Google, Microsoft and Facebook have some high margins, but all of them are looking over their shoulders for the next competitor. The technology firm graveyard is filled with former near monopolists. (Excite? Altavista? Compuserve?) I'm sure that there are reasons for the market failing, but I think it's more than a lack of homogenous products and vendors. This isn't that new of a concept. Parents have been lamenting kids being lazy (and too much time in front of the computer, though that's not really being lazy!) since the start of time. Relevant to this discussion is Silicon Valley Snake Oil by Cliff Stoll. http://www.amazon.com/Silicon-Snake-Oil-Thoughts-Information... In 1996 he predates a lot of these ideas by 15 years. And he's gone from physicist-hacker to Klein Bottle (Mobius bottle?) Maker. http://www.kleinbottle.com/ The should/shouldn't argument is really about Free Riding basic research. For most companies this problem means deferring basic rEsearch to govt. Both directly (funding research) and indirectly (IP protection and care policy) governments free ride each others research. The US isn't perfect but generally we are the the horse and not the rider. I see a core kernel of truth here, "You will be more effective if you understand the job of the people using your work products." In design, this means creating something useful as well as art. It spans many industries: - Colocating design and engineering cut years of development time for new models in the auto industry. - Architects who know engineering are more likely to build grand structures. - Tech recruiters who have been line managers know how to screen talent for their customers better. In the end, it's about expanding beyond your specialty. It isn't abandoning your strength, it is moving the boundary. The price seems very cheap for a software firm: just over double revenue. With risk management being so important for banks now, I am surprised. Are they more of a consulting firm with software attached? Am I the only one to think that # is low? :-) Seems like it sold at ~ 20x EBITDA and a little over 2x sales. Expensive by the first metric; cheap by the second. Revenue is ~180k per employee - low for an established company. The weak EBITDA makes or tough buy for a PE firm, who might not be able to make interest payments on the debt required for a purchase. This is much less of an issue for IBM who would pay in cash. I see IBM making half the employees redundant an then pushing the product through their existing sales network. Not a bad deal for them, though it might make Algo a tougher place to work. Interesting article. Reminds me of one of the lessons from Soul of a New Machine: forced scarcity can breed creativity. Too much money allows you to defer hard decisions for too long. The sad part is Stewart covers news better than most so called journalists. This seems natural. The same things reducing the cost of first movers also apply to second movers. The only way to win is to provide better value, either through getting network effects quicker, or innovating more. For better or worse the half life of competitive advantage is shrinking. Good to see he hasn't let it get to his head. Still eating ramen suggests they're scrappy, and his post is about customers rather than an exit. It's actually to keep people from trading on info before it's public. Every investor legally is entitled to get material info at the same time. Being this brutally honest as a firm isn't easy. Sometimes you withhold for what seems to be good reasons - not scaring people, not distracting people, etc. Not everyone reacts well to such transparency. All this said, it did build a remarkably strong culture for them. There is a more subtle and generic message here: your product might sneak outside the target market despite best efforts. Be prepared to pivot. 37s actually has a huge opportunity if they choose to take it. It will be interesting to see where Google lands on the spectrum of "don't discontinue anything" and "all eggs in a few baskets". IBM did well in the former, Apple the latter. Google almost seems to be taking the role of VC. Make many bets. Some pay off. For those that don't, Google can at least keep some of the engineers. Planning doesn't mean slavery to the plan. But planning can be useful, even without 100 page slide decks to sleep through, or massive binders on the wall. Planning can help with: - How many talented developers might we need in 3 years? If we want to grow our own, when do we need to start hiring interns? - At what size do we need to hire a receptionist and start thinking about more space? - What's our burn rate, and when do we expect to run out of money? - What rate of customer acquisition will we need to grow this business? Are we doing the right things to get there? If we do succeed, what's that imply for buying hardware? - What's success look like? - What's failure look like? Now this is an interesting example of recursion in action. :-) Small business frequently uses credit for working capital. If you need 10k to front the cash for 5 more staff at your restaurant, why not? The business will grow. In general savings through austerity is better, but many companies would not grow past sole proprietorships without credit. There definitely seems to be two things going on: - Every year it gets easier to start a new business. - Every year big companies provide less job security. Combine this, and there is a move to free agency. This is great for people who can find a way to get paid for differentiated skills. It is awful for commodity skills. Interesting. Is this a civil rights issue or a libertarian issue? The libertarian in me says, "let the restaurants that don't comply lose their business". But then I think, would I feel the same about businesses (and government agencies!) that disallowed blacks/jews/gays/etc? I lean to the latter, accepting that changing everyone will take time. I hear you and agree very much. Gladwell had an interesting article posted here recently about the racism of the Red Sox owner. The challenge is what to do about it? It would be VERY hard to regulate since the internet is so dispersed. Could a non-profit offer to help? Organizations like Yelp live and die on their accuracy and predictive ability. If Netflix recommends movies you don't like, you will use it less. If Zagat allows too much personal preference, it will no longer be the gold (Maroon?) standard of crowd sourced restaurant reviews. If half the things suggested about Yelp are true, they risk their integrity at great peril. It's actually that they don't want people to lose a day of effectiveness to save money. Some quick math - for an investment bank, average wages can be as much as $400K/year. Divide that by 200 days, and you have someone getting paid $2,000/day. If flying coach kills their productivity for a day, saving $1,000 doesn't amount to much. At the senior levels, this is much more true. Of course having one policy for execs and another for everyone else has many negative consequences. This book was one of a small list on an informal sales training class that I took. After reading it, I started to get impatient when people didn't follow it. Every time I'd get a monster slide deck sales presentation on a firm, I would think, "They have an hour of my time, and they're not asking what I want." Great sales really does add value to a customer. Travel (even if short term) increases cultural awareness and creativity - there is a payoff too. She was dealt a tough hand. Very few firms have second lives and very few innovation firms can cost cut to greatness. Motorola is a more frequent outcome than Apple. The Frankenstein problem is huge. Look at the clutter on Yahoo versus Google. Absolutely captures the difference in focus and culture. Frankenproducts are a sign of a bloated middle management that isn't willing to make a stand on win-lose tradeoffs. Agree on taking responsibility. There are a lot of excuses he could have made: economy, bad PR firm, etc. By taking blame he can now move on to fix things. If I buy something, and the vendor screws up, if they give me a bunch of excuses, I am more likely to think they'll screw up again. If the vendor takes personal responsibility, there is less chance that they'll make the same mistake again. This is tough for both. Who that is capable would want the new CEO spot? And the chairman will be in pressure to sell the firm. Perhaps a private equity firm will buy and split the pieces? In many senses, a damaged technology firm loses value at an alarming rate. It isn't like a factory where someone can wait, buy at the right price, and cut costs to the bone. Thanks for posting. xkcd is great at pointing out the foibles in technology. In full disclosure I didn't. I am just throwing out opinions from the cheap seats. :-) Thanks for sharing This does capture yet another benefit of Apple's model of simplicity. Sales and operations become more streamlined when it's not management by committee. It puts a lot of pressure on the top and can make for being a difficult business partner, but the results are obvious. Good points. Your annecdote about your brother is captures the truism that interviews and resumes are only a substitue for knowledge of someone's real ability. This is why references from employees (smart engineers know others) is much more effective. There are two way to interpret, "Never Give Up" 1 - Never Give Up on the current project. 2 - Never Give Up on big ideas. Hang in there and heed PG's advice on #2. It's very small consolation, but you're 20 months smarter and wiser than when you started, and the market is still receptive. Be resilient, and you will land well. Having style is knowing when confetti is "Voice" versus "Clutter." Great small companies have more room to have Voice. It is very hard for large companies to have it. Or the larger they get, the more they worry about offending someone. Tumbler can have Voice. So can Tech Crunch. Hard for Wal-mart to have Voice. Technology predictions are very tough. (Look at The Road Ahead - missed the Internet ahead) Anything that survived 7 years should be considered a gem that's beyond technology and more about the humanities. (I mean this in the sense of being non-formulaic) Don't short sell the value of continuous learning. If I have two resumes of people 5 years out of school, both appeared to do equal quality work, and one spent a few years getting the online masters, that would be the resume that sticks out. It certainly doesn't trump the learning that comes from working difficult projects with smart people, but it is a sign of self-improvement. If you can't beat 'em, join 'em! Encouraging bootleggers helped the Dead. Why not others? Same as in the article. The firm themselves chose to give away a pirated version. I am certainly not trying to claim that all piracy is good - only that some who embrace it on themselves do benefit. I think his dad is a good advisor. The reason he was hard to sue is that he's so small. If things went really South on a small project, what's the worst thing that happens? He's 22 and talented in New York - he declares bankruptcy, and gets another job or stays on Dad's couch. This is a situational thing - you can accept liability when the downside is so low. This is why legal departments in small firms are much gentler than legal departments in the Fortune 500. Of course this doesn't work for a large firm, or someone with 3 kids and a mortgage. His dad would have said, "Go get a real job" or something like that. Similar on the hiring - when you're that small, you invite someone to take the risk for you. You can take more risk when there's limited downside. And in this case it was the other guy's downside - if there was no work, he'd be the one in trouble. Let's just be practical and all take today off! Wow - what a great use of talent! Turning lemOns onto lemonade is very cliche, but it applies here. Wow - what a great use of talent! Turning lemOns onto lemonade is very cliche, but it applies here. This is a Different spin than "embrace failure like silicon valley." It is about developing resilience. Recovering from failure can't be taught to kids protected from it. I recall a conversation post-graduation with a (the?) top student from my high school. He naturally assumed that every parent intervenes on their kids grades, and couldn't believe mine never did. Perhaps this is why the classmates who had the most professional success were the workaholics not quite at the valedictorian level who used bad grades as motivation. And to those complaining of cliches.... At least they didn't quote the marshmallow story. Every successful store does this. And most successful websites too. Groceries are a low margin business so any price raising idea gets copied over and over. Retailers and consumer products computers are leaders in data mining to test, measure and retest techniques. That said... The Columbus Circle Whole Foods is awesone. Pricey but awesome compared to other local options. I would have never understood this before I had a child of my own. Sometimes the specialist/generalist discussion misses something by being too black and white. A computer is created by specialists, but empowers generalists and specialists alike. Founders and CEOs need generalist skills to complement (not replace) their specialist skills. It helps to be a specialist when job hunting - until your skills are out favor, and then it helps to be a generalist. The post is ludicrous on so many levels.... 1) When people get returns in the 5% a month range, let alone double digits, they usually shut out external investors. 2) Consistent 1-2% monthly returns are frequently a sign of fraud. 3) If you find something on your own that looks too good to be true, 95% of the time it is. If someone else is asking for your money that is too good to be true, you lost that remaining 5%. 4) It is theoretically possible that someone found this once in a million (billion?) possibility and just can't find money for it. But it's more likely that they're either fraudulent, misreading their data, or just a looney tune. Good points. Small scale opportunities do exist in many markets but they rarely need external money. On 1-2% - it's the steadiness that is the issue. Madoff didn't outperform all other hedge funds on overall performance, it's that he never lost money. I'm terms of gearing - if that is the source of returns, why invest in it to begin with when you can lever up on your own without a middleman? Leverage has costs too. If the story is psychological bias, there are many better examples. The uber rich aren't earning double digits monthly on these investments, and they aren't hyper leveraged either. Yes, most of us don't have access to IPOs or Warren Buffet investments. In both cases the buyers shouldn't expect double digit monthly returns. The point of owning your self improvement and taking pay cuts to learn is very true. Most of my big bumps followed tactical stepdowns. People who only chase today's dollars are suboptimizing. The one point I disagree with the author is referrals. It doesn't matter the finders fee, I always try to help with the connection. It's karma. If you aren't doing it for karma, 500 and 5000 are both too cheap. Good points. I guess the caveat is I know a lot of unemployed folks who appreciate the connection. It is true - if you don't know of a match, don't make the connection. I'd still assert that the $500 or $5,000 still doesn't make a difference in that case. If you're doing a favor, you don't need the money. If you're professionally searching, you deserve a much higher share of the fee. Is it paranoia to think that crackers could use a site like this to build password dictionaries? (Note: I'm not implying that's what's happening here) Sounds lime a gem of a person as well as professor. Thanks for sharing! The game is still going! It's great to see that bad news on the IPO market and broader economy is not killing upstream entrepreneurs. The concept I agree with is the Web will look much less like the Wild Wild West. The Web of Grandma needs easily integrated pieces - this is Apple and Facebook, not Linux and Usenet. It's not all evil, there will still be behind the curtain users. It's just they won't be as visible. People who aggregate customers charge for the right. Just ask Wal-mart! Interesting post. It is good to see that the author sees that there is no free lunch. My semi-outside perspective is that there are firms in an arms race to be the quickest at providing liquidity, but his is a small fixed pie. Everything else is being paid to take risk. It is a tough game, especially for folks with skills marketable elsewhere. It takes a while, but great for the poster to realize money isn't everything. Predictions are so much easier after the fact. :-) It seems a little shady for them to claim victory with people staying on the available list year over year. With 120 candidates, how can they not be lucky at least a few times? I have seen studies that Nobel winners live longer. I'd be interested in the NPV of the career benefits above and beyond the award. Is it more lucrative in some fields than others? Whenever ibseebthese lists I can't help but think it's all about starting from a low base. Interesting that none of the ideas pitched commercial or educational success. There are many reasons to read. I think most who don't enjoy reading just aren't reading the right things, but that could be my bias. Without taking sides, the irony is enormous. Of course the point of "use or complain but not both" is clearly invalid. To organize against the ATT monopoly, folks had to use the telephone. You can resent your local airport monopoly, and still fly to Washington to complain. But it's still funny. Take care in who you hire to do your dirty work. :-) He would have a great answer for The YC application question of "how did you hack the system?" I am very surprised this was legal. Aren't there disclosure requirements? Certainly in the US if you acquire a stake of more than 5 or 10% you have to declare it. The issue is of expectations and education. Many clients ask for the following without knowing better: - 100 pct uptime - Zero defects - Zero scope changes - Zero perceptible latency in all cases It is up to the professional specialist to educate the client in terms they understand. Only after explaining in terms they understand can you call them unreasonable. If the client understands and is still unreasonable, the true professional has the obligation to walk away. This sounds dumb to someone dropping out of school, but if you don't finish undergrad, you can't go to grad school. Can you get a tech job without a degree? Yes Can you advance without it? Yes Will there be non-tech folks that skated through easy majors that look at you askance without it? Yes But something to consider.... Undergrads are cattle in Most schools. They pay the bolls that keep schools going, but aren't what the professors care about. In grad school I learned and enjoyed the coursework 10x over undergrad. But you need that undergrad paper first. If you can't afford undergrad, do it at a public school. It's a lot of time and money to impress people. Buy Italian sports car instead. Grad school should be about intellectual curiosity first, connections second, and brand third. Unless you get an MBA, in which case the order is reversed. This is a great lesson in capitalism. When you're the boss, nobody gives your partial credit for good attempts. Either the team succeeds and everyone is happy, or they don't, and the boss takes the fall. Taking this a step beyond the intended message (of football and business), this shows an interesting dichotomy in education in jobs. In many countries (example: Japan, France) school is results based, with admissions based soley on rigorous exams. The real world is softer based more on credentials and connections than results. Compare that to the US... Being a good football player (or trombone player) can help you get into school, but the real world is much less forgiving. Our economy has tough times, but the unforgiving cruel world helps us stay strong. Interesting. Seems like a rare instance of increased computing power hurting individual programmer productivity. Then again increased computing power in general enables more complex software with more specializes software. I have heard that Safari is the product of a very small team, but that's the exception. This may be very nerdly, but.... Look up the addresses of 3 or 4 iconic firms (Google, Apple, Oracle, etc.) and just drive by. Pick big ones so they'll have visible buildings. I don't know why, but just seeing the buildings gives an impression of the importance of technology in the area. In any other city, those tall buildings would be banks or insurance companies. Whatever you do, don't go to Alcatraz! :-) Everything we do that duhumanizes war comes with good ethical concerns (less loss of human life) but this doesn't make war any better. Drones - save our lives. Cruise missiles - save our lives. An A-bomb saved our lives. Not getting into as many wars would save the most lives. (Note: Some wars - like WW II are I admit unavoidable, but very few fall under this heading) You said what I meant to say, but much more concisely, or dare I say productively? :-) The beauty of jiu jitsu is you can visit new academies on business trips. It's a social sport. Great points. Lately I've been cramming workouts right before work or lunchtime. Lots of general health ane energy benefits. For boring married folks like me, I would add family time every day is important. I can't open the website on my iPhone. I hope that's not a karmic hint on the interoperability of the language. Great companies can overcome Marketing mistakes. Coca-Cola was one of the world's great marketers. How else can they get you to pay so much for water + sugar + a jolt? (And how do they charge more for water than Exxon charges for gasoline?) They made a huge blunder in the 80s abandoning the classic formula, with a New Coke that was better by all objective measures. Despite all their market research telling them how good it would be (blind tests, etc) their customers revolted. Shortly thereafter, they backed out of the decision. The Chief Marketing Officer (Sergio Zyman) even turned lemons into lemonade, making a career as, "What we learned when we got New Coke wrong." Netflix made an awful decision. If they were a large static company (or government!) they would have had a hard time backing out of the decision. I'm sure there was plenty of research and consulting powerpoints explaining why it was a good idea, so everyone was covered. Unfortunately, it was a decision that could have destroyed the company. Bravo for Netflix acting decisively and correcting it's course! They likely saved the company. It seems like a linear argument isn't valid here. It shouldn't be X years for Y dollars. Once you rob enough to steal away someone's retirement (As cypherpunks2 alludes elsewhere) it is hard to justify leniency. That said, taken to extremes, it's easy to argue that someone who stole 10 billion deserves worse than someone who stole a million. Dealbreaker looks at the sparse empirical evidence, and their chart suggests a logarithmic function exists. http://dealbreaker.com/2011/09/how-much-time-in-jail-will-a-... The one problem with it being so clear, is criminals take a cost-benefit analysis, and I'd really like all the white collar criminals to think, "Even if there isn't an obvious victim, I am likely to go bankrupt and spend the rest of my life in jail." If you are getting mocked by the Onion - then yes indeed, there was some damage. :-) http://www.theonion.com/articles/netflix-switches-over-to-co... I abhor commutes. Walking to work is the greatest thing in the world. That said, I think he's stretching when he says: "But this misconception about what is a reasonable commute is probably the biggest thing that is keeping most people in the US and Canada poor." There are a lot of things keeping people poor. Bad education. Inequality of opportunity. Poor parenting. Commuting is only one of many. There article is definitely missing substitution effects. The commute may be reducing your working hours, but it's also reducing your TV hours. (And family hours!) I shake my head at colleagues with 3-4 hour daily commutes. I think both their careers and their personal lives suffer. That said, the article has gone a litte too extreme. Gamification has always existing in large companies, though historically it's been more subtle. At 5 years you get a nice pen. At 10 years you get a larger carpet in your office. At 20 years you get a silver picture frame. At 30 years you get a nice retirement party with free shrimp for your friends. Yes - really - I knew LOTS of people at old Ma Bell would hang on underpaid for several years just to get the free shrimp for their friends at the retirement party. All of these come at the expensive of opportunity, interesting work, and money. I do too. One pool of identical whites and one of blacks. Moves the matching problem from O(n) to O(1) and it's ok if you lose an odd one here or there. Unlike Jobs, nobody notices. I find it very strange that non-conformist Jobs who hated 1984ish IBM would be pro-uniform. It's a good story in the overload of Jobsian mythology. It shows a different side of him - that he worried about culture in addition to product, that he wasn't always consistent, and that even He could make design mistakes. Much more human a story than the usual fluff. If a sock has a hole, it gets tossed. Now that I think of it, the mixed sock problem can actually be worse than O(n^2). For instance, if I decide that I want to wear my Marvin the Martian socks, and can only find one in the sock drawer, then it's a big problem. Look in the other drawers. Look under the bed. Look in the dryer. Repeat. Repeat. Until the other one is given up for lost. I appreciate hearing a story that doesn't involve, "Look at how quickly I got rich!" :-) Will it get solved when we straighten out this whole P NP business? Great post but I don't follow the connection to the Mythical Man Month which is about having the wisdom to avoid tossing bodies at a late project. The article seems to be more about making sure you have experience on the GUI. All this said, i shouldn't complain about the title - rather i should just be happy the author shared hills lessons. Good points. As an occasional buyer of consulting services, nothing bothers me more than an introductory meeting far away, or someone who turns a 30 minute intro into a 60 minute brag session. Respect people's time. I am frequently the crotchety old man in these situations but video (and sound) are ripe for digital technology. New technologies in these fields won't replace good stories, but they will replace old technologies. Which came first? Quake 3 or the papers? This defines how interesting it is. I've seen a lot of folks working through Quake's code lately. Hard to tell if they are originators or appliers, but either way it's much more interesting than reading bland examples from a book. I agree. Most books and articles on Fibonacci love don't provide enough data to verify the claims. I find the sequence fascinating, but I hold my wallet when someone claims they use it to predict the stock market. I think it'll be both faster and slower than he says. Faster: Cloud adoption will be huge. Slower: Cloud technology will increase the amount of apps and data used. Low end jobs will exist helping firms get on the cloud. High end jobs (fewer though) will exist at the cloud providers. Completely unethical, and may come back to bite you. Unethical because you are presenting yourself under false pretenses, taking interview slots from people who don't have jobs yet, and are possibly breaking the rules of your placement office. It will come back to bite you in may ways. If your current employer finds out what you're doing, they may go back on your offer. (How would you like it if they kept interviewing people after they offered you the job?) If Google or Amazon find out, you may get blacklisted in the future. Classmates who see what you're up to will not trust you in the future. Net - protect your integrity, as it takes years to make a reputation, and minutes to break it. EDIT - fixed spelling, and add one more point - If you want to work at one of them in the future, get to know the HR reps, and keep contact with your classmates that are going there. Let them know what you're up to. They're the ones most likely to pull you through in the future. (And block it if they see you behaving poorly in the meantime) Bayouborne- Relevant points, but a couple thoughts: - For better or worse, work is like the prisoner's dilemma game. Some people assume, "Screw everyone else" because they view the game as just one play. In the reality, we have long careers. Companies that routinely take advantage of their employees don't stick around forever. In most fields being known as someone who will take the short term selfish path every time will eventually hurt you. - The obvious second point is of course you should avoid companies that have too crazy a CEO to workerbee pay scale, and that treat their employees poorly. - Most of the great success stories in technology are build on loyalty. Ron Conway commands great personal loyalty. (And goes the extra yard for his firms) Many of the legends of Silicon Valley are mentors to large groups of people. Not everyone acts selfishly. But if you do act unduly selfishly, you'll turn off even the most magnanimous people that can help. Just my 2 cents, but I do see this as black and white. I've seen many people take short cuts, and seen many people become highly successful. The two groups don't overlap. I can't imagine anyone on this board taking this article seriously. The journalist positions "Work for someone else, or get your idea funded" as a serious decision. There is no decision. You'll learn 10X more doing everything on your own. You can find good mentors, and peers. You can find people to learn with. And you have funding. The companies that complain they can't find people just aren't paying enough, or sharing enough equity. If it was positioned as, "Starve for 2 years as you build a start-up or work for a medium sized firm with a good salary" - then it's a fair comparison. Having lots of companies start, and fail, is a productive use of resources. Having very smart people choose to do this rather than go into consulting, banking, or working for large firms is also a productive use of resources. That our market is still seeding these ventures with money is also productive - and one of the great things about our economy. Wavephorm, I respectfully disagree. He may legally entertain other offers, but that doesn't make it ethical. If it was ethical, and wouldn't cause residual harm to his reputation, there would be no issue telling the world he was doing it. Bayouborne- I respectfully disagree. I don't want to beat a dead horse too much since I usually protect my wallet when I hear folks preaching about ethics. (Why is it that ethics discussions usually follow people's economic position?) That said... I view it as the Golden Rule. Imagine you're heading to Tulane or Cal Tech or Stanford to recruit. It's taking a day off your schedule, but it's important to bring new folks in to the firm. You screen eighty resumes to interview twelve people, two of which you will bring back to your office for a full day of visits with your team and management. One of the two will get an offer. That's a lot of work. How would you feel if someone was just using this as practice because he would want to work for you later? If you found out, you would blacklist him from your company. Imagine you are one of the students at Tulane, CalTech or Stanford who doesn't have an offer yet. One lucky guy did. So you are trying hard to get on the interview list at Google, because that would certainly be a great first job out of school. Unfortunately you don't get chosen for the interview. Who does get chosen? Your classmate who already accepted an offer from somewhere else. How would that make you feel? What would you do? Talk to them? Talk to the company? In the latter case, it's not "Us against evil companies" it is being selfish at the expense of one's peers. In both cases it backfires. This is about people being professional with one another. Again - I don't want to rant too much on this, as most folks who lecture on ethics usually have hidden agendas. Thanks for listening. :-) DJB - I greatly respect what your company is doing, but I think your firm is in the minority. This is why most college placement offices suspend campus recruiting for people who reneg on offers. I cite MIT Sloan only because I found their policy by accident when I couldn't find their undergrad one. This is consistent with what I've seen at many other places. (I have no link to MIT) From http://mitsloan.mit.edu/cdo/policies.php "We expect that all offers and acceptances be made in good faith. Students are obliged to honor accepted offers. Reneging on an acceptance is a breach of MIT Sloan's Student Recruiting Policies. If a student reneges on an offer, the recruiter should notify Jackie Wilbur at 617-258-6492, as soon as possible. We will review the situation and follow up on your behalf." I'm nerdly (and old?) enough to have played many of those games, and appreciate the history lesson. Thanks for sharing! I pulled the MBA link only for convenience. In my experience competitive undergrad programs are similar. Certainly companies have responsibilities too. In general I think a year is the right period to stick something out. If you hate the industry you hired into, backing out isn't awful. Let's take a step back and go the case in question. Here the individual just wants to see if they could get accepted later by interviewing now. In my mind that is both unethical and carries negative consequences. I promise I'm not this preachy in person! 6 purchases in 6 months, then asking for more money... Sounds like a VC/PE firm, not a deal site. If you're out of cash, I understand letting people go in a hurry but that management team will struggle to get employees in their next venture. Groupon even alluded to the layoffs when the CEO talked about marketing costs dramatically decreasing. Interesting. When I see success, it always seems like there is something additional to intelligence - like work ethic, or conviction. In this case it seems like his place in society allowed him to understand social media before a lot of other smart people. Additionally he had money when others didn't - he could invest in mail.ru and Facebook when other investors were in retreat. Based on subsequent valuations it would seem like Facebook, Groupon and others are doing very well. It only takes a few home runs to cover a lot of strikeouts and singles. I was referencing where his returns came from, not his capital. That's another story which I haven't dug enough researching to figure out. Is this supposed to allude to, "Fred Wilson's doesn't want his companies to IPO, IPOs want to Fred Wilson" or something like that? Fantastic book. One of the things that is rough about computer science academia is usually it's either quickly obsolete, or too theoretical to be useful. In a sense they're confused about being and producing programmers or mathematicians. Brooks is the rare exception. His core concept that adding programmers increases communications which slows you down combines sociology with engineering. It is just as relevant today as when he first wrote it. As mrchess states, you can read it an essay a day to digest it. Or better yet, reread every few years. The material doesn't chance, but with experience, one learns to appreciate him even more. Completely true. It's always worth paying up for good engineers. Good engineers with lots of friends - even more so. Interesting. Focus on the fundamentals and fight in your markets, rather than chasing magic. I hear it a lot. "We should do an ASP", "We need to be a services company" and "We should buy company X." I wonder if the last point is why buyers tend to do worse than sellers in M&A. Of course buyers chasing silver bullets probably helps HN readers on the margin. :-) Great to see a technologist at the helm of IBM. Granted she made her marks in services, then marketing and sales, but the past 3 CEOs have been a salesman, a strategist, and an office politician. I hope she does well, as IBM may need a move as big as hardware to software or software to services. Thanks for sharing. There is always one more interesting than the press release floating around. :-) Is this what you intended? I see a like to Wharton's Strategic R&D management. I am generally against certification in most fields, but... 1) It's very hard to identify a good lawyer. If we (as true libertarians) did away with the bar exam, wouldn't someone create an exam so those unable to tell good lawyers from bad would have something to look at? 2) Don't we have enough (more than enough?) lawyers and law suits already? 3) They claim lawyers are overpaid. I only find this to be true in large corporate law firms. Maybe a compromise is do away with law schools but not the bar? I was thinking A/B testing too when I saw the headline. This seems something better to do earlier rather than later, especially if you're looking for repeat business, as you can alienate those who liked the old name. This can be dangerous even for logos. (Look at the Gap and Starbucks for issues there.) Very good questions. I'm here for answers too. Can you describe more about the newspaper requirement? Seems like an outright subsidy to old media. Depends on the school too. Its easier to parlay a philosophy major from Princeton into a good job than philosophy from Ohio State. Though your premise is correct, Accenture is public, not private. They (like many others) wanted to expand beyond pure consulting, and the partners wanted to cash out. Accounting and law firms may be a better example, though even they aren't as entrepreneurial as you think. They have their own regulations and internal politics. This is still a valuable skill. Not the only one but a valuable one. Who wants to tie their money or career to someone who can't get you paid on the other side? Very good points. This is also why traditional economists (while having their own reasons to struggle with being called scientists, at least have theories) complain about behavioral economists. They say, "You point out exceptions to our theories, but what's your counter-theory?" In general the behavioralists are content to point out that the emperor has no clothes. I agree, most suck. The only ones who don't are ones with many years in the industry they services. There are ex-engineers that make good engineering headhunters. There are ex-brand managers that make good marketing brand managers. Even still, the good ones still have minions running around getting meetings for them, and having lunch, and cold calling, and generally being worthless. The lackeys are in the same league as used car salesmen. One subtle point the writer may have missed: - I can’t really source candidates from agencies that are not on the vendor list. You have to go to HR first. - Okay… in that case why don’t we have coffee or lunch next week? The second line wasn't ignoring an exception. It was a subtle was of saying, "If you're not hiring, perhaps I can find you a job." 2nd Life caught my eye - as did the absence of many winners since then. :-) True. And their stock trading performance bears this out. Very sickening. Isn't the job of spinster to imply that? :-) I wondered the same. All I can think is this is a sign that IBM is no longer a technology company. I think we are overanalyzing here. This is like a car company that maintains a garage to attract people who like to look under the hood. It's taking a strategic people decision when hard data isn't easily available. Everything about sys admin job descriptions seems like a digression. That's just what I was getting ready to type. I wonder if this type of basic research pushes the boundary of knowledge. Are we sure this isn't a spoof? Multiples of Money is actually another way of saying IRR - it's just adding the dimension of time. Christensen is ripping on the slaving devotion to single metrics that some firms follow. This is very true. Any individual metric can be gamed. If you focus on IRR only, people will game it. Same with NPV. Same even with the Net Promoter Score that the article pushes. (Easier to delight customers if you aren't worried about profit.) The challenge of management is balancing these measurements, and minimizing sub-optimization. In short term there are conflicts between them, but firms with a longer term focus find profitability goes hand in hand with net promoter score. But in many ways it's long term versus short.