The org handling my scholarship & job placement were defunded just before I graduated in 1996. This job market here was already one that won't hire w/o a personal into. The only way a coder w/o experience + buddies in HR was getting hired was thru blackmail or ransom. I knew how to do basic hardware & some networking so got a biz license & biz cards and chatted up everyone I could find for 3 years. I went door to door to every business in town. None of them hired me but there would be other people around who thought it was novel that I was marketing like it was 1955. Those people intro'd me to people they knew & that got me established. The 2008 crash sinkholed my clients (car dealers). I started over with med providers but by 2010 the ACA sinkholed my new clients. I finally started writing some code 5 years ago to build blocklists for custom firewalls. > "My biggest problem with it is that the "advanced" operators are extremely buggy. Quotes and minus sometimes seem to be treated more as suggestions than requirements. Other times they return no results when omitting them returns results that should match. Sometimes a term with a minus is instead treated like there's no minus, i.e. ranking results with that word higher. This seems to have gotten worse over time." This is the exact explanation of why I moved away from Google. My searching trends toward very specific terms. >2 years ago, Google started ignoring my boolean operands. It became increasingly difficult to craft a boolean search that Google would actually respect. I finally bailed 6 months ago. By that time, using a minus sign often returned nothing but the results I was trying to avoid. I'm pretty sure Light Vertigo has never been trendy. Tons of folks have used Dark Mode browser extensions for years to stave off the nausea from bright white layouts (and overly-lit rooms!). For us, the widespread adaptation of Dark Mode has been a God-send. Turning down brightness and contrast only works so far. The 'more deaths' conclusion comes from cherry picking the only data that might support red light cameras. The reality is that red light cameras do great deal of harm with increased accidents overall which means a greater number of injuries and property damage. https://phys.org/news/2018-07-red-light-cameras-dont-traffic... Folks who like red light cameras and the profit they bring are perfectly fine the wrecked lives that come with them. That's where but not how. "This trap consists of a particular data pattern. Only with the help of special code is it possible to read this pattern." This is the key part of the story & it's totally unexplained. The blogger "Tony" just dropped it in there with no vetting at all, as if the method was self evident. Such is news in the new millennia. The claim could just be bullcrap. Atari would have known that courts are tech-illiterate and the defendant might not have shown up for the hearings. The single threaded performance of the i3 is about 3% higher than the i9. Factoring in all the cores tho, the i9 performance is about 3x the i3 - but at about 9x the cost. ref: https://www.cpubenchmark.net/compare/Intel-i9-9980XE-vs-Inte... On balance, the i3 looks like a solid chip if a bit pricey for an i3. Preface: I keyword searched for 'county' & 'counties' on this page & didn't see my point raised. The article compares library cards state by state. However, I've never heard of a state issued library card, only county, city or other local municipality. My point is I'm not clear where the researchers found 50 sets of state library card requirements. There's ~3000 counties and at least 4000 cities in the US. Somewhere in those numbers ought to be how many different sets of library card requirements, there are in the US. >The thing is when it gets cheap enough, other players start enter the game too. Companies. Criminal gangs. >Or even private individuals. This last is the worthwhile part. The problem isn't surveillance, it's disproportional surveillance. That is, people in power can only control the public while they retain a monopoly on power. Since bulk surveillance is coming, the best outcome is equal surveillance and equal access. Postscript: Privacy laws tend to lock you and I away from data, not powerful people who ruin lives. On reflection, most adults didn't care much about underage sex until they were able to leveraged it into public outrage - and therefore power for themselves. The proof of this lies with pre-1980s generations of child sex abuse victims, who knew (or quickly learned) to not go to adults in authority - especially police. At best, they could be expect to be ignored, marginalized and/or gaslighted. At worst could be more abuse, even if 'only' verbal, physical, etc. Reality is that most adults in authority didn't give a crap about child abuse until they could use abuse allegations as a weapon. Once they (police, legislators, administrators, etc) gained that power, all kinds of things suddenly became abuse, including consensual sexual activity. "Think of the children" tends to be code for "figure out how to leverage the children". I agree that parents aren't the primary beneficiaries of the power that comes from modern child abuse allegations (nor are non-connected adults). They are a critical source of that power, however. For context, I'd like to note that prior to outrage being the pregurgitated social response for child abuse, parents didn't really have any go-to reactions prepared for them. It wasn't uncommon for parents feelings of shame and confusion to push them toward quarantining their child (exasperating that child's sense of isolation and fault). It certainly wasn't standard was for parents to seek justice for the perpetrator. My 20th century American experience is that authority wasn't there to advocate for children who've been mistreated. Most egregiously, police - who society specifically entrusted with the responsibility of stopping child abuse - weren't known as people that abused children could reach out to for protection. If they had been, child abuse scandals wouldn't have progressed far beyond the original victim. But once child abuse could be leveraged into gobs of power, suddenly child abuse advocates were loudly everywhere. Your assertion is that the assumed social cost was overblown and that an entire nation failed to realize that - all the way up until the 1980s. I think what is more likely is that millions of individuals who were were in terrible and desperate situations used the combined wisdom of their extended (& often wise) family and took an accurate read on their actual society. "If you believe you don't need other people, go make your own light bulb." These are good points. Moreover, they're unusually well made. From the Article: " 'mere exposure effect' means that the more we’re exposed to something, the more we tend to like it." From my perspective: This is evidence something is broken with humanity. I do understand that we need a period of familiarization to better understand and appreciate a new piece of music. I get that we can relive that initial appreciation - after a period of forgetfulness. From my perspective, that period of forgetfulness should last months or years, not hours or days. I am strongly, sometimes physically repulsed by Clearchannel music programming, because of repetition. Most genres seem to be equally abused but Oldies/Classic stations are the worst. As I am well into my 50s, I've heard most "Classic" songs thousands of times - mostly involuntarily. They became unpleasant after a score or so. By the 100th relisten they transition to the sort of torture that the CIA uses against enemy combatants. I'm in FL; Classic/Oldies playlists are pervasive here. You can't complete a day of chores without traversing countless retail and public spaces poisoned with it. It's like living with a family member who's abusive when they drink and they drink every day. I like every genre a lot short of hip-hop and opera (but I'm warming up to them) This fall I'm working thru a list of 100 more progressive bands I haven't heard. New favorite finds are Crust (whoo yeah), Milos Makovsky and maybe The Steve Bonino Project which I can't figure out if I like or not. I just listened to Gil Scott-Theron's B-Movie for the first time and it was amazing. So - all of this is just me making this point. I don't disagree with the article. However, I think it points to a deep psychological malfunction in people (or whatever is the opposite of robust mental health). I'm not even saying that those who are content with their bad mental health, shouldn't be or that it shouldn't ever bleed over to me. I do wish I didn't have to experience it every day and that people I love weren't afflicted with it. There thousands and thousands of talented (sometimes well known) bands from the "Classic Rock" eras that you haven't heard. Listening to them might tell if it's the genre or that era or if Clearchannel just ruins everything thru overplay. I'd agree that I tend to see much more talent, skill and creativity in modern bands. Assuming you're not being sarcastic, this is easily disproved thru listening to skilled, non-hit musicians. Popularity isn't tied to "good" so much as it is "catchy". Hooks are easy to package and sell, skill - not so much. I think it's unlikely for people to first hear (or first attach to) their favorite songs in a strong environment like a club/rave/bar. We're most likely to hear something new in a setting we control. > There are two domains that are hosting the phishing content, live since March 2019. The associated IP network block and Autonomous System Number (ASN) are known to have hosted malware At which point the article fails to include the one actionable piece information - the IP blocks and ASNs. It's so like the tech press to write a comprehensive article that omits the only info that could actually help. Do ISPs want to monitor and collect data? If so, plain text DNS queries/responses are rich in metadata but an ISP has to sniff their own pipe to glean it. DNS over HTTPS (& DNS over TLS) reduces the obviousness of that traffic. When encrypted DNS is used, an ISP (or any MitM) would have to resort to more invasive analysis (ie: Sandvine) - to gather similar (if somewhat less precise) metadata. My issue is with browser based DoH is when it defaults to ON. That was Mozilla's original plan for Firefox. That's a problem for those of us who use DNS to reduce the risk from malware, advertising and other invasive technologies. DoH effectively circumvents those protections. After a crapstorm, Mozilla walked that back and made DoH a user choice. Even better, Firefox queries the use-application-dns.net zone - which (added to a local DNS server) tells Firefox to turn off DoH. This is super helpful for those who use DNS to safeguard networks. Now, better than DoH and a more elegant solution overall is DNS over TLS (RFC7858), which is simply encrypted DNS. It's the natural next step. Frankly, we all should have been using it for years. It's just beginning to gain support, tho. As it stands now only a handful of public DNS resolvers support it (Quad9, Cloudflare, Google, someone in Germany). None of the root servers do. Nor do ISPs'. My approach is to run a local DNS resolver (Unbound) which forwards it's queries over TLS. Local users' queries are plain text but the forwarded (public network) queries are encrypted. I've got nothing to show, therefore no reason to be surveilled. re: Year round DST in the US From the article: >Permanent DST was tried in the United States in the past century but was quickly repealed when the public found that waking up in the dark is hard, and energy savings were negligible. From Wikipdedia: >President Franklin Roosevelt instituted year-round DST, called "War Time", on February 9, 1942. It lasted until the last Sunday in September 1945. After 1945 many states and cities east of the Mississippi River adopted summer DST. It sounds like year-round DST sunsetted with the end of the war & not because the public overly cared about energy costs or were struggling to wake up in the dark. In fact, several states missed Daylight Savings Time so much, that they quickly restored it for at least ½ the year. I find this as meaningful as any sportball contest. Q1 & Q2 2001. After that began US's relentless creation of the modern, comprehensive surveillance state. It is the largest possible government and will effectively repress our great-grandchildren and theirs. As an American, I advocate some isolationism to protect other countries. The reason is that other nations are proving grounds for the future mistreatment of US citizens. Protecting other countries now protects future Americans. To meet lovely people doing horrific things, live in one of the (not poor) DC Metro Area neighborhoods. I sincerely believe news orgs are hugely (not wholly) responsible for their own demise. I'll explain using print news as an example. For newspapers, the internet changed the competition field, from one or two competitors to dozens (maybe hundreds). When that happened, US news consumers noticed some things. A multitude of (or maybe most) editors & journalists are profoundly, unconscionably lazy. I'll offer some Examples. 1) Lots of ink but not a lot of news gathering: Most (hundreds?) US news orgs all lead w/ the same ½doz headlines - and those are likely Reuters/AP/UPI reprints. How many national stories are in play any given day? Six? I think there are dozens and dozens - and they're all ignored in favor for whatever editors think is sexy. (I suppose editors tend to have similar tastes.) Local stories are likely to be original. Well, except when they're parroting press releases. Or worse - they're parroting PR without any analysis or historical context. In this case the readers are given no tools to tell if the PR is crap or not. This turns the journalist into the official spokesbot of the police, government or local corporation. It's publishing but it isn't journalism. 2) Fluff: Sports journalism. Celeb journalism. etc. Is it journalism? Lets go in that direction some more. Stamp collecting journalism. Paint swirl journalism. Concrete curing journalism. There are people who like those things. Is that enough? Consider this. Journalists are afforded extra 1st Amendment protections, to encourage them to unearth and reveal misdeeds by the powerful. The intent seems to be to help citizens learn where their rights and liberties might be being eroded. Reporting that depends on those protections would seem to be a strong candidate for what constitutes journalism. I suggest that reporting on paint swirls and sport stats is probably a pretty safe thing. 3) Lastly, uneducated journalists: One example. During the Obama administration I'd participate in journalism chats. I had a regular question. Did the reporters know that Pres Obama prosecuted more whistleblowers for espionage than all previous presidents combined? Now this could be a good or bad stat, depending on one's perspective. Regardless, it was an undeniably powerful, historical statistic. Depressingly, that stat wasn't well known by journalists. In fact most journalists seemed resistant to believing it or they felt the stat misrepresented some larger situation. This lapse was a terrible thing. Whistleblowers have always been a incalculably valuable to journalists, who were oblivious to what seemed to be a crackdown by that administration. (Fortunately, that's changing a bit & whistleblowers are suddenly revered again. Or at least that's the lip service.) Conclusion: To me, if news orgs want to survive, they each need to bring something to the table. Some do. Some are exceptional. Some are consistently exceptional. Some screw it up occasionally but that's reasonable in the larger context. But if news orgs are largely reprinting others' content, then they are largely not serving a critical public function. Worse, they're abdicating the duty inferred by their extra constitutional protections. I believe those news orgs should die. That'd be excellent pay in most of rural America (the ~99%). The flaws and issues I brought up weren't caused by post-1995 realities. They were what news consumers had been given for a long time, in exchange for their subscription dollars & eyeball time. The demise of news kingdoms happened when it became impossible for us to ignore what we were getting for our money. Going forward, the economics issues are as stark and complex as you say. A new challenge is they're being used to justify feeding us the same diet of crap (not exclusively - wonderful exceptions abound) that our parents were served. In the midst of all this is a comprehensive lack of self-awareness by news orgs who exist to state reality in helpful terms. Step One should be clearly stating the core reasons that quiet Americans lost their trust in the press. It's been 20 years and news orgs are still unable (again, lots of exceptions like CJR) to discuss these crippling flaws. How can any economic solutions help if news orgs offer little more than fluff, recycled content and 1st-impression reporting? Your rebuttal places responsibility for what news orgs print - on everyone but the news orgs. So your argument seems to be this. News orgs have to defer their 1st-Amendment-inferred duties in favor of printing pap because otherwise they'll go broke. In the mean time they're going broke. Americans have more sources of pap than ever before yet that is the arena where news orgs want to compete. Like news orgs, you appear to have zero concern with this plan. As an aside, did you know that House voted to reauth Sect 215 surveillance? WaPo barely mentions it in their own article. https://www.washingtonpost.com/us-policy/2019/11/19/house-pa... I doubt you knew because 1000 news orgs are thoughtlessly, compulsively covering [SUPER SEXY STORY] today, to the exclusion of all else. I don't know how much other critical information I'm missing bc (like every day) the vast bulk of news orgs can't be bothered to fulfill their constitutionally-protected purpose for existing. Do you have a specific argument as to why news orgs are not earning their collective death? Other than some belief that they should continue to profit at pap, I mean. I was willing to seek medical care for the ongoing pain of TMJ and I didn't because what I can afford is one Dr visit & one RX for generic opioids (the only treatment that touches that pain). But there was no point. The only Dr I could afford became terrified of prescribing opioids (thanks DEA. yes it was the DEA). No matter that I had, for years and years, taken opioids responsibly. However it's no longer a problem. That only Dr - that countless thousands of us could afford to visit - just closed up shop. Am I willing? Sure. Able, no. Not in any way. Eye exams catch problems in the healthcare wealthy. They catch nothing in the dozens of millions of Americans who aren't (and haven't been). This bothered me as well. Modding to a non-illegal condition should be as equally unencumbered as a restoration of hardware to it's original intended function. I get a blank page w/ an empty header. When I allowed google-analytics in UBO, I get a blank page w/ a more populated header and 2 sign-in options. I tried it in IE11 (where broken things go) and I get the You Need Javascipt message on an otherwise blank page. Guessing this page just can't live in a decrapified world. My take: This project's success would have depended on the ease and affordability of maintaining it. > Society just need to decide how it wants to play this because its an either or proposition. In the US the odds of dying in a terror attack have remained historically low since the mid 1970s. Specifically, it's between 1:12M and 1:40M - about the same as picking the correct inch between DC and NYC. Conversely, the odds of a US citizen (who is not suspected of a crime) being inappropriately surveilled is near 100%. How to play it? Prioritize real threats over the nearly imaginary ones. Best ball pit This kind of lines up w/ my Unified Privacy Theory, which is: Our largest data problem isn't privacy but disproportionate access to data. This is made worse - btw - by privacy laws that limit access to data by you and me but not by powerful interests, w/ a history of ruining lives. What we need is something to eliminate "Recommended For You" mentions. After that, a Promoted Tweet muter would find wide appreciation (using uBO for that now). Learning to solve IRL problems - that absolutely need solving - is why we send them to college. I couldn't be more proud. DigitalOcean hater here. I won't counter any of the praise I'm reading; if anything this will probably validate it. I'm on the other end of the DO equation. My small mail server is relentlessly targeted for spam from DigitalOcean IPs - and has been for years. In fact there are 4 networks I block (by ASN) - DO, OVH, AWS (new!) and Psychz Networks. (note: No mail from outside N.Am/EU allowed) Forget to stop my mail server when dropping the firewall for 20 seconds? Get a ½ dozen spams from DigitalOcean IPs. I actually like that there are hosts for dodgy services. I also get that conscientious hosts get bad customers and it takes time to overcome their bad behavior. However from the time I 1st heard of DO until now, it's an unbroken timeline of DO being a toxic source. (note: The difficulty of reporting spammy IPs in bulk - using firewall not mail server logs - is another post) So like a lot of orgs, DigitalOcean treats people on the inside really well. But for those of us on the receiving end of unwanted attention from DO networks, it's a rough ride. GOOGLE IGNORES SEARCH OPERANDS So I went to DDG, 2 years back. Now DDG ignores search operands too. > You've also got a GPS beacon in your pocket I don't. My phones are rooted. GPS access is limited to a few apps and only on demand. So is app-access to IMEI and other identifying markers. Not by design but I also get a new SIM each month ($18 unlmtd talk/text+10GB). These measures are all technologically & economically cheap, btw. But they're locked away from consumers because the compulsion to control end users is a sickness that corporations can't regulate on their own. Alt link https://www.1843magazine.com/features/trapped-in-iran Example #4,990,275 of an effective treatment denied to Americans, because we bizarrely allow a police agency (DEA) to set national medical policy. Awesome how they recreated the south NJ smell in middle America > Or double standards Appending to "Very Confused Double Standards" https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20190503/17322942136/conte... (proudly earning my downvotes) I had unknown/blocked phone numbers blocked so a deputy had to unblock her number to notify me my brother had died. I would've been alright with a voicemail, tho. Spaghettimodels is my goto. https://www.spaghettimodels.com/ Or at least the page for my market is. https://www.spaghettimodels.com/cities/orlando.htm US Telcos have been jointed at the hip w/ the USIC for generations. AT&T's history of proactively helping the US spy on US Citizens+Everyone hints at the company's deep desire to be a spy entity in it's own right. Even though the knowledge of that is/was public, it wasn't widely know until the Edward Snowden revelations - largely due to the relative disinterest of US news orgs (even when faced with clear evidence of US's ethical lapses -- eg: Mark Klein whistleblows AT&T's NSA taps on the internet backbone). Most of the US Press still behaves as if USIC's primary goal was safeguarding the public instead of furthering the interests of US Gov & political financiers. I don't think an operation like that is necessary. Most journalists seem to be eager to prove themselves as patriots by under-reporting Gov malfeasance, especially in IC matters where understanding a complex issue gets trumped by deadlines. Thank-you editors for our chronically uninformed electorate. They've all got massive bureaucracies above them that tightly control what they can do. Also, everyone wants to eventually end their shift and go home. That means just doing what you're told & screw the damage done. > gross intelligence breaches at the highest levels aren't anything novel True. Same portrayals too. If breacher is an R they're incompetent, it's a D they're a traitor. Headline might want to note IT'S MAC ONLY Copitalism Op's comment is about harm done by people who directly interact with new parents: > they never found a way to quantify what practical harm they cause to parents who get judgy nurses and a birthing room full of "Breast is Best" posters, who eventually spend nights weeping over their inability to feed their child, constantly feeling like they're a failed parent because they used formula Your response inferred the OP desired scientists to lie - but that's a notion you introduced to the conversation: > You seem very resentful, do what works for you but don't expect scientists to lie to make you feel better. Starting at 6yo, I woke up to an empty house & got myself fed and off to school. It was a rural area & I walked a dirt road to the bus stop. This was the early 1970s & we kids felt an expectation to manage their own affairs. Regarding school start times, I've long said that we do it backwards. Elementary school should start first & high school last. I approve this observation. More accurate headline: "US Senators trying to leverage abused children into anti-encryption bill" "The CDC shunned WHO test guidelines used by other countries and set out to create a more complicated test of its own that could identify a range of similar viruses. But when it was sent to labs across the country in the first week of February, it didn’t work as expected." https://www.propublica.org/article/cdc-coronavirus-covid-19-... The CDC could have adoopted the WHO guidelines for testing at the start. It's reasonable to assume that if they had, the US would now have a much greater testing capacity. >What, specifically, do you think more testing will do? The CDC & other testing authorities have been systematically denying requests by doctors and other health professionals, to test people who are at meaningful risk of Covid-19 infection. Indications are this is due to a lack of testing capacity. There are numerous news reports of CDC refusing testing. It seems odd that anyone is missing them. Here are some examples of what I'm referring to https://act.nationalnursesunited.org/page/-/files/graphics/N... https://www.businessinsider.com/new-york-man-denied-coronavi... https://news.yahoo.com/us-patient-coronavirus-unknown-origin... Here's a case where doctors kept pushing back against CDC refusals. Eventually the woman tested positive. https://www.ajc.com/news/breaking-news/breaking-floyd-county... If these aren't enough examples of CDC's ongoing testing problems, there are plenty of others - all there for the searching. >Do you believe that more testing will limit the spread of disease? While the US is looking forward to an explosion in cases, South Korea is looking forward to containment. One factor is that SK tests at 700 times the rate of the US. re: https://www.businessinsider.com/coronavirus-testing-covid-19... > Please, explain in detail why, while also considering the risks associatd with large-scale testing. No. In this article, Vicky Graham and David McLaughlin describe Section 230 as: "legal shield enjoyed by companies such as Google and Facebook". This is disingenuous, at best. Section 230 does 2 simple things. It says platforms aren't liable for what users post there. In other words, users themselves are liable for what they do. Second, it gives platforms the ability to take down harmful content w/o risk of legal threat. These two things protect every small blog w/ comments and every fledgling social platform. It's the law most responsible for allowing the internet to flourish, by helping small content creators operate w/o the threat of unearned liability. What Section 230 does not do is act as shield for criminal activity. The feds are not hampered in any way from perusing legal action against site operators who commit a crime. Damage to Section 230 will exclusively harm not-huge tech companies because that damage will allow courts & Govs to punish small/med operators - not for what they do but for what their users do. Like most reporters covering Section 230 stories, Vicky Graham and David McLaughlin appear to be clueless that eroding Section 230 won't harm Google or Facebook in the slightest. Only the largest tech firms have the massive resources to ride out what follows if Section 230 is pruned away or is killed altogether. The other issue here is that the purpose of the EARN IT act is to render encryption meaningfully insecure (via backdoors), so that Gov/LEO can break it on a whim. Lastly, notice how the reporters here just parrot what was told to them. They don't try at all to vet or analyze what they're publishing. It's stenography. Yeah - it expires tomorrow Coincidentally, 24.9% is about what actual unemployment (total 16-64 munus working 16-64) is when unemployment is reported at 3.9%. Turn off notifications by default so that people who need/want them (the minority) can get them from the relevant sites (the exceptions). After that turn off stickies, floaters, modals, etc by default & those who wish to have their browsing experience assaulted into a 1 inch box can opt in. Voted most insightful comment. By default, the user gets notified that the site wants to send notifications. Gates is right. Without a clear, unified message from news orgs, I don't see how anyone will overcome influence from Chambers of Commerce & similar special interests. I'm so proud of everyone here. It seems that all of the recent ventilator projects require intubation. Have there been any non-invasive ventilator projects? Millimeter waves (30-100GHz range) attenuate like crazy & are seriously degraded by pretty much everything (eg: rain, dust). For folks who must fret over mm wave tech, it's worth considering that cell towers have been using 11-83GHz bands for short distance backhaul & linkage for decades. So have tons of other industries. Last, I'm about positive that only some approved frequency groups in the 5G standard will be in use, in any given region. Lower bands should see the widest deployment. pfSense + pfBlocker ~ OpenVPN because I'm pretty old - along with DNS over TLS & ICR what else. Sidebar: I also have a copy of my desktop Firefox hosted as a RemoteApp on a Win10Ent VM, for the odd time I need remote access to a credentialed account while I'm away. Reflecting on the horror, how much worse is this condition for the families who aren't healthcare-wealthy enough to afford diagnosis? Those victims likely get written off as a worthless drain on society. My comment on the Earn-it act is it's the natural outcome of unqualified US voters choosing unqualified politicians, thanks to largely inept news coverage. Or if you want something more topic specific, Feinstein co-sponsors it so we can fully assume it elevates the whims of The State over the welfare of us. I have 5 sons. I exposed all of them to computer, appliance & car repair. That involved setting them in front of the project, tool in hand & letting them go as far as they could. Only one really bit into it & he largely eclipsed my ability by the time he was 18. The others found their own skill sets, mostly with stuff I suck at. Edit: Interestingly, one is training as an electrician which is tangentially related to my skills. However, he came to that totally on his own. His learning is best aided thru support, not influence. I have a point to make that I feel intersects the conversations here. It concerns something I didn't figure out until I was older, that children are brought into existence w/o their consent. Now I don't believe this is* (edit: fixed) an evil or unethical act; it's simply an unavoidable facet of reality. However, it creates a debt to children so massive, that it can't be fully repaid in a lifetime. In short, the debt between children & parents only ever runs one way. Because of this, I have a permanent & total obligation to my kids' well being, while they in-turn owe me nothing for a lifetime of labor on their belhaf (which as a single parent - changing diapers & earning income - has been substantial). It doesn't mean my grown kids should or shouldn't contribute to my welfare. It means that my responsibility is to continually tip the scales toward the outcomes they desire. In our case we operate as one household & there are different obligations in play there. But the Original Debt indicates that any shortfalls (in labor, etc) be filled by me, unless & until more practical solutions are worked out. My reward is that this really efficient mindset solves lots of problems in advance. >How often do you hear stuff like this from random strangers? Regularly - when the critic feels the object of their derision is out of earshot. Parents presume what feedback they get and they're usually right. Children prepay for that vacation thru a process called neglect. [flagged] That's a solid philosophy. That's elegant. > Empirically, people with kids almost never achieve outlier levels of success > Don't most successful people have kids (just like anybody else)? I imagine both those things are true. > Also, many people just don't take care of their kids. There are many mono-parental families out there. I became a single parent when my wife developed mental illness (which was like getting 5 more kids). In my case self-employment allowed me to be present a lot more often than most single parents can. Nevertheless, the overriding truth is that nearly every sq inch of modern western society is stacked against single parents. > It seems like a lot of people get married and have kids just because it's the thing people do. Which I guess you can't really fault them for, but it is the root of a lot of society's problems as you say. My case would support your supposition because I was distressingly incompetent in my early 20s. I wasn't a prize at 28 (my first born) either but at least I was at a point where I could form better expectations for myself. Past that, I find most young people today to be measurably more balanced & competent human beings than my generation was. I have strong confidence in their abilities to guide little people. To be clear tho, even in my generation I was a terrible outlier. They tend to launch both simultaneously (eg: Henry Ford). Reality might skew a little in tech because of some high profile successes that occurred while founders were absurdly young. I considered this because my faith also believes it. Regardless, I believe the principle stands on it's own. Meanwhile, I'm pondering the apparent conflict. To that end, these are some of the points I'm considering. 1) Children aren't generally able to fully embrace faith on it's own merits until they are young adults. Until then, their faith is mostly proxied thru their parents. 2) Children have no practical ability to repay debts. 3) Faiths that teach pure service as a calling tend to extend it to parenthood. 4) The principle I'm advocating is a principle to family and to society. More 4) In my experience, when a personal or societal principle appear to conflict w/ a religious principle, it's often due to an incomplete understanding of the principles in play. I found it is spiritually & ethically safe to allow those principles to co-exist in disharmony until greater knowledge reframes the conflict in a more solvable way. More 4 tl;dr ver) There is great risk in pushing immature conclusions - much less risk in holding inconsistent ones. > I wonder, why does my kid didn't consent to be born mean I owe him/her? - From the principle standpoint, the alternatives saddle kids with unearned obligations, that are entirely the result of some adult's choices. This is unethical, while a better perspective is within reach. - From a practical perspective, there are 2 alternatives (to the principle I espouse): 1) No one owes anyone anything. Good luck newborn. Or... 2) Kids are obligated to repay the debt of their own upbringing ("I raised you so you owe me"). I would hope the obnoxiousness of this thinking would be self-evident. Unfortunately, I've encountered it a lot. I've believed it myself to some degree. However, I've not seen any evidence that this thinking benefits anyone in a meaningful way. Instead, I've seen it behind countless adults' efforts to belittle and devalue children - as part of misguided attempts to bully kids into some desired behavior. It's terrible. We need to let it go. > Is the implication that being alive is a bad thing? Not at all. Some events are neither fair nor unfair but come with tons of responsibility. Ultimately the question is who is the best fit to bear that responsibility and to what degree. Considering all possible scenarios, I think the wisest answer is this: The resources of upbringing should be provided by the parents, in total, unconditionally and in perpetuity. Obviously, all parents need help with this. > Such attitude makes it significantly less likely to have kids in the first place: why would a potential parent want to get in debt? That might depend on how much value they place on their own life and upbringing. >If we want to decrease population of humans, then spreading "parents owe to their kids" attitude is one of the ways to accomplish that. Some things are what they are. This is the reality that's left when the harmful & unproductive assumptions are stripped away. I believe you are right that some less courageous folks will be discouraged when faced with this. That's okay too. Folks who opt out of parenthood shouldn't be thought less of. > "it creates a debt to children so massive, that it can't be fully repaid in a lifetime." > This is just an idea you made up. I'd agree that it's a bit on the melodramatic side and it'd be fair to call it arbitrary. However, I offer that the sentiment behind it is honest. It works against the common assumption that kids owe their parents for their upbringing (If you feel I made that up then I can't help you here). I propose that common assumption leads to no beneficial outcome and that it's main purpose is to demean & degrade kids (children & adult) - to bully them into some sort of compliant behavior. That's the core behind the principle. If there's fault in my overall reasoning, this is where I'd recommend you look. It occurs to me that part of your objection may stem from an notion that I'm proposing a rule or some sort of absolute guideline. If so, my response is that rules too often suck at promoting positive behaviors and that absolute guidelines suck even more. Over 50 here. I was just discussing this with my sister, my lack of nostalgia for old favorites. What I feel is more like the opposite, it's repulsion to overplayed music. As in - I sometimes leave a store when I can't handle Clear Channel music playing overhead. The 5 bazillionth hearing of "Tears in Heaven" or of any artist beginning with 'Sir' triggers a fight or flight response. I'm not overstating my case when I claim that (for me), listening to overplayed music is indistinguishable from abuse. Even the artists that I adored in my teens/20 are becoming unlistenable. David Bowie was the most recent to go. Pink Floyd is close behind. If music is medicine, it's all Fentanyl by the time Clear Channel gets done with it. It makes me continually grateful for all the access we have to new artists. - - - - - PS: The Beatles catalog is just a preschool songbook now. Fight me. > Don't understand how people are happy to listen to the same old stuff - it must get so dull. This is my perspective. For me it's like watching people enjoy chewing glass. I am genuinely baffled that the experience isn't horribly painful for them. Sensation's Fix comes to mind. I am genuinely baffled because - from my perspective - any song becomes painful to hear after enough listens. This includes artists I loved beyond measure - the same artists that I can no longer stand because I've since heard them so. many. damn. times. (once they got added to every playlist in creation). I believe it's reasonable to be repulsed by overplayed music. I'm somewhat puzzled why this would be controversial. > Don't understand how people are happy to listen to the same old stuff - it must get so dull. It feels like being force-fed doughnuts. > I sure would love to take a couple months off to catch up on the last 10 years worth of music. Gnoosic is a band recommender - a quick & dirty way to get a few new bands to check out (Google & DDG point right to it). > "I think part of it is there is no scene for music any more?" > There are plenty of music scenes, but I do think they are not as big and influential on overall youth culture anymore. I think what changed is that gate-keeper, hyper-promoted acts don't hook as much of the youth as they once did. We have this one local music festival that's made up of hundreds of acts playing in dozens of small venues. The audience is huge but it's dispersed over 10 city blocks so you don't really get that crushing mob feel. > I do on rare occasion reflect back, but never to The Who, who was my constant soundtrack I opine that any song can be weaponized thru overplaying. This may be an unpopular opinion. IDK. K has a promising therapeutic future. That doesn't change that you and Henry are absolutely correct, tho. > I don't think my dad has willingly listened to a new song in the last 30 years. I'm a dad to 5 & this is what I always expected from my generation. I never understood it either, not now or then. I've found most of a hundred new artists in just the last year. There's unimaginably more music available, than when I was young. It's practically a golden age. Sweet! > What they'd consider "normal" is what we'd consider as "struggling with deep trauma". I think you're right - everyone would be traumatized by modern standards. I suspect that some of the harmful behaviors (we associate with PTSD) weren't socially abhorrent, in past eras. eg: Societies generally condone some amount of mistreating other people. That particular outlet could have been fully acceptable, when done to marginal and lesser classes. > I'm the author. It absolutely is about anger management. I get that. I think his point was the article spoke of your realization that you needed to - and could - let go of your anger. And although you discussed the process, I suspect what he didn't see were methods & techniques. For example: How does one actually let go of anger? or Let's say you have learned how to let go of anger. But when you release your hold on it, it just hangs there, not leaving. What do you do? Stuff like that. Appreciate your engagement, btw. It means a lot. > angry young boys are not tolerated. I became a depressed young boy instead Sigmund Freud mentioned that depression is anger turned inward. That seems viable to me, even tho it came from Freud. > repressing anger, which we may have needed to do to survive growing up and is now a bad habit we hang on to I still think it's a necessity. Many folks in authority have no tolerance for any anger but their own. > Humans generally tend to feel like "nuke it from orbit" is the only useful response to really bad things and if they can't do something akin to that, they feel they aren't making any difference at all. This is a massively useful observation. > something else criminal would take its place Like what? Burglary? Insider trading? I'm not backhanding you here; I genuinely can't come up with any reasonably criminal activity that would blossom into that vacuum. The prominent crimes here from addicts looking for a fix are panhandling, vagrancy and trespassing. There weren't any surges in human trafficking, burglary & robbery recorded after prohibition was lifted. There was a steep decline in contraband goods, however. I was 21. My mom was in a permanent state of postoperative delirium and I was nursing her into her last days. It was just the two of us & I wasn't up to the task. I doubt I knew it was Mother's day. A few weeks earlier: My older siblings and I sent a bright, aware, career budget analyst into cancer surgery. The hospital returned a woman who no longer recognized us or even where she was. We were sent home and some home health aides helped us get her settled & setup care routines. After some time my sister went back to her life (she & mom didn't get on). Then my brother drove back to his home two states away and it was just me and mom & feeding her & helping to the bathroom & cleaning up when she didn't make it. Some days or weeks later, I had a phone call w/ mom's sister and that aunt drove down & took over whatever it was I handed to her. As a guy who struggles to keep the dishes washed, I imagine it wasn't great. The last few months of mom's life proceeded in a more orderly manner. Mom turned 64. I turned 22 & three weeks later she died. In case anyone is tempted to lionize the kid in the above picture, let me complete the picture. If I could have slipped away and let someone take point, I would have. In this thing, my siblings & I were my dad's kids (tho he was gone & dead, many years). As I was living with mom already, I was the one left holding the colostomy bag. So I wasn't really responsible but I was lucky. Taking care of an ailing parent for 6 months can be a privilege (as opposed to, say, 6 years). I'm grateful to have escaped the guilt that I suspect my siblings have. I also learned I might not be terrible at other big life challenges, like being a parent (I was anyway but not forever). However, for anyone beating themselves up this Mother's Day, let it go. We are what we are until we aren't & the weightiest factor that changes that are the circumstances beyond our control. 'Will' is critical but I've found it's a poor tool for making deep, lasting, healthy changes - unless supportive environments are also present. I suspect the highest mom-wisdom is knowing that Hallmark is full of crap. Ergo mom(False, True, True) > Is it a cultural thing Americans are so detached? I suspect so. Every inch of our culture pushes 18yo's away from siblings and parents. Some families overcome that and some don't. Through most of human history, families were physically close enough that parents, grandparents, aunts/uncles became interchangeable & elderly parents didn't have to die alone in nursing homes. Firefox gives me much more control than Chrome and that makes it much more secure. > Firefox's new DNS over HTTPS was bypassing all my firewall DNS rules. A misstep by Firefox, though it was done with genuine intent to safeguard users (as opposed to just being spun that way). Though they've walked it back it still needs to be opt-in or be trivially easy for average users to opt-out. > DNS-over-HTTPS was the big one for me. Mozilla betrayed us here. Betrayal indicates some intent to harm users; the intent of DoH is clearly to safeguard users. However, the rollout was absolutely hamfisted & shortsided. It's notable that the DoH deployment is about the only example here of Firefox harming users. Compare that with Google rewriting Chrome's code to hobble uBlock Origin & leave users more vulnerable to nefarious ad tech. The former was Mozilla putting user safety first (in a poorly handled way) while the latter was clearly Google doing the opposite. > No "no dating colleauges" rule will prevent colleagues from developing crushes and dating each other. Or prevent employees from being harassed who just want to work w/o getting hit on for the bazillionth time. > Everything becomes surveillance at some point. I offer that the challenge isn't surveillance but disproportional surveillance. That is, the harms that follow modern data collection occur because that data is locked away from you and me. Presently, power from data is reserved for those already in power. This allows them to leverage our data against all of us, w/o meaningful consequences. If we want responsible data use, I believe the surest way to achieve that is thru equal access by default. In that scenario, those in power are far more motivated to desire safeguards for everyone - instead of the perverse incentives that we all enjoy today. This is the result of every "Remove Bad Internet Stuff" law. > The workplace is still a workplace, not a dating machine, so people need to adjust their behaviors to the environment. Most people can manage to do this. Presently, women can expect mistreatment in their workspace. This has an unbroken reality for generations. While women are living with that reality, this very minute, it's not clear that workplace friendships are in any meaningful danger. Downvotes? Groovy. Prove me wrong. Any "Remove Bad Internet Stuff" law will do. edit: sigh . HN lessons are painful lessons. But I can trade them in for self-esteem That's how it's done in FL for non-opioid schedule II. None of our Dr's can call or transmit Schedule II Rx, they have to be hand carried paper scripts. Opioids are limited to a 3 day supply tho (with some tight exceptions, for those patients that can afford a PM Dr). > This was very predictable. Tools invented for military operations abroad eventually, predictably find their way back domestically. I've been saying for ages that these overseas actions are proving grounds for testing malicious tech - for it's eventual deployment against US citizens. Our great-grandchildren will rightfully despise us for not rolling back their surveillance state when we had the chance. I was hoping to find a clue to why I can sleep indefinitely, at least 70 hours straight. It feels like what I imagined hibernating to be. I still have my OEM bowel tho; I guess my super sleep isn't actual hibernation. The history of publishing orgs is one of compulsive lawsuits. > Despite Google taking measures to provide full text of only works in public domain, and providing only a searchable summary online for books still under copyright protection, publishers maintain that Google has no right to copy full text of books with copyrights and save them, in large amounts, into its own database. re: Author's Guild v. Google https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authors_Guild,_Inc._v._Google,... . ASN has one /24 (IPv4) https://bgp.he.net/AS14593#_prefixes I like how most of the 6 figure employee salaries are clustered around the lower ratios - evidencing that top employee pay isn't at all dependent on top CEO salaries. > "I have a checking account and a home mortgage with Wells Fargo" Casting literally every inch of his financial judgment into doubt. Or maybe we've just been pranked >Is Dark Mode Such A Good Idea? Yes. >Many people quote light mode as being a contributory factor to eye strain. Based on the reading I’ve done, this doesn’t appear to be true. I'll test that now. - Blindy migraine mode: Hurts. - Dark mode: Doesn't hurt. - Different result ever? No. The above is from the undisputed, worldwide expert on what I feel. Further testing by Redditors cements that this is a Verizon issue. Hopefully the Reddit OP will adjust his headline, because this is potentially useful info. I'm glad that NYC's dystopic Domain Awareness system gets some coverage here. However it's curious that Microsoft isn't mentioned at all in the article - even though every inch of this abomination is entirely Microsoft's creation. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Domain_Awareness_System >"The state can take better care of your child than you can" The products of autocratic governments are depressingly predictable. Ostensibly, atrocities like this are done for the people - and yet, they are completely devoid of humanity. > Mozilla in November accused ISPs of lying to Congress in order to spread confusion about encrypted DNS. Mozilla's letter to Congress criticized Comcast > NCTA cable lobby that Comcast belongs to wrote a letter to Congress objecting to Google's plans for encrypted DNS. Comcast gave members of Congress a lobbying presentation that claimed the encrypted-DNS plan would "centraliz[e] a majority of worldwide DNS data with Google". Comcast's lobbying presentation also complained about Mozilla's plan for Firefox. Compromise, 2020 style: Comcast retains access to it's users DNS data and Mozilla doesn't dogpiled by NCTA-purchased legislators. On my Firefox 79, if I pop open a new tab, 1) the cursor is refocused from the search box to the URL bar and 2) the URL bar is a search box (even if search-in-url-box is successfully disabled in not-new tabs). Even better, the option to set new tab to a webpage is gone. The only choices are the Firefox default page or a blank webpage. Normally this wouldn't be a problem. I'd just try one of the dozen of known tweaks to about:config or userChrome.css and defeat this behavior. Except none of them impact this. Again, this is only for a new tab. Between the article and the orig report, I found the data presented in a confusing way. > "African American males made up the majority of protesters in the four observed cities vs. females" Then follows pie charts showing Caucasians outnumbered African-Americans 6:1. It looks like what they meant was 'among African-American protesters, the majority were male'. In the end I opted for an extension - it redirects a new tab to a web page of my choosing. The action is a bit distracting but it happens fast enough that it's not a bother. I'll note it was the 2nd extension I tried. It may be some onerous Firefox security measure needs to be bypassed & the first extension hadn't managed it yet. In my home are 6 males over 18, me and my 5 sons. Three of us work FT & it's just enough to keep our head above water. One son just graduated HS & will enter his final year of trade school this fall. His twin is entering his senior year of HS. During most of the post-2008 recovery (that news orgs endlessly crowed about, especially after 2012) we ate rice, being unable to afford beans or anything else. Some days we ran our of rice. From my perspective, most of the recovery was limited largely to shareholders & wealthy metro areas. I don't fault or credit any PotUS for terrible years or less terrible years. I do, however, hold some lingering resentment for news orgs that stayed resolutely out of touch with all but select sq mi of the US. It's hard to not feel they earned whatever oblivion they may find themselves staring into. Many years ago I spied on employees (of my client). Specifically, there were always few sales guys who'd spend hours a day lost in games, dating sites, etc. Who hasn't gotten lost on the internet? However, these guys were at it every day. From my perspective, they were caught in a trap that wasn't good for them or the company. I wanted was to help them find their way back to doing what they were good at. I setup a squid proxy, got good at regex & category blocking. After hitting my proxy, the sales guys would get a little frustrated but they invariably redirected themselves and that'd be the end of it. No need to involve management. Non-stupid employers know that what employees need are duties they can care about & opportunities to make something better. What employees don't need, to excel at their jobs, is to be surveilled, micromanaged or tightly restricted. (Granted, a few might hit a dark patch & need some guidance. A rare few might be beyond guiding and have to be let go.) tl;dr: Don't be a crapty employer & you won't have an imaginary need to spy on your employees. That'd be it. My Thinkpads let me permanently disable it. Completely made my day. I can just gush with love for stuff like this. One guy installed Ultrasurf. First time I'd seen it. I didn't come up w/ a way to defeat it at the edge so I added a reg entry that redirected the output of the exe to NULL. It's a fairly obscure hack; I had been using it to offline malware. I truly thought we were about to exceed the speed of light before I realized C != c. blackarch-linux-live-2020.06.01-x86_64.iso 14.37GB I'm totally outed. Those other IPs in my subnet do like their porn. Well, someone's porn. Given FBI's history of turning imagined non-crimes into press-releasable criminal cases (eg: agency hand-crafted terror plots, CFAA violations), one could easily wind up with two bad guys to deal with. Same here. I torrented a doz distros but only one logged. Nothing I'm seeding shows up. My dynamic IP can go a year w/o changing. I have to re-spoof my MAC when I want a new one. Not minimizing your point but I like the obvious reminder of what's possible. Also, the what-bad-guys-might-do klaxon is a powerful tool, is too often used to restrict everyone's abilities. Whistleblowers who out US Gov wrongdoing, get a different sort of reward from US Gov. Shareholder-style thinking seems at odds with the purpose of government, as it's sole (appropriate) reason for existing is to serve the public. It depends on whose wrongdoing is getting outed. US Gov is fine when the whistle is getting blown on someone else. When US Gov's misdeeds get brought to light, it has no greater purpose than deploying revenge against the whisteblower. The last administration filed more espionage charges against whistleblowers than all previous administrations combined. https://slate.com/news-and-politics/2013/06/edward-snowden-i... I'm been seeing more speeding the last few months (which I am fine with). More recently thought, I've seen more overly-aggressive driving than I'm used to. People are speeding up when someone tries to pass, that sort of thing. I was caught up in a road-rage thing yesterday. As a recovering hothead, I get being on the bad end. When he was tailgating I accelerated where he'd have plenty of room to get by. I kept my cool & didn't react when he break-check'd me. I really was trying to defuse the situation but he couldn't stop escalating it. It's unusual to have it go past the 1st revenge thing, as long as I don't react. Got a call on this a few hours ago. Found the above article & the rollback set us right for now. >Office 365/Click-to-Run-based installations. If you buy your software instead of subscribing to it... I've never been clear on what CtR describes. The first CtR Office was Home & Student 2010, which was a purchase. > there is nothing obvious about what went wrong. It just...closes. Yeah, that's disconcerting from a support standpoint. Fortunately, I was able to remotely load their event logs and get the status code. DDG pointed right to the above article. Rebooting didn't work for us. Rollback did tho. The domain associated with first round of tweets wasn't anonymized. Could be a setup https://twitter.com/jfbsbnix/status/1283487977591767041 Or maybe a dodge https://twitter.com/verretor/status/1283506654521094146 Joe Biden's turn https://twitter.com/JoeBiden/status/1283512317846659073 and Obama https://twitter.com/BarackObama/status/1283515490653147139 I love the internet so much right now. Posts stopped for the other btc address (bc1qxy2kgdygjrsqtzq2n0yrf2493p83kkfjhx0wlh) Here's a tweet from KimKardashian, for a different BTC address (bc1qwr30ddc04zqp878c0evdrqfx564mmf0dy2w39l) https://twitter.com/KimKardashian/status/1283523054874877953 IKR? We expected so much more from anything Kardashian WINterference ! I'd long believed that cognitive issues like autism are on a 2 dimension spectrum and that all of us lie on it. Perhaps something similar applies to the personality disorders. However those disorders tend to overlap; I can't imagine the geometry that might to represent it. Reading thru the posts here, I realize that what we ought to be searching for isn't what makes us smarter but what makes us more able. As a Floridian, I look forward to live viewing death from above, sometime soon. Hurricane season is one of the few things I like about this state - that and the 15 minutes of not-summer. I have to disagree. That giant frame on the bottom looks to be unremovable. We lose that whole half the screen to "HEY LOOK AT THIS". With that is a sticky top that keeps dropping down to cover what little viewing room we have. Maybe I'm missing something but this looks like one of the worst layouts I've ever seen. >I've never seen an example of one Here's most of one, served to Microsoft in 2014 & released in 2017 https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/CMSFiles/NationalSecurity--J... > it does look like CF waited until the original SGI patent on the technique ran out. As ever, innovation was brick-walled until IP got out of the way. This is the 3rd DNS related outage I've seen in a week. Frountier Communications lost their DNS. Trying to recall what the 3rd one was. My Unbound resolver round-robins DNS-over-TLS requests, between Cloudflare & Quad9. Cloudflare's outage never impacted us that I could tell. Nevertheless, I am reminded that I ought to add a couple of DoT providers (who aren't Google). Not sure who else came online since I setup. This is terrible to read. It's really frustrating that this sort of corruption isn't interesting enough for news orgs to cover in a meaningful & consistent way. Consider any tangible thing that's wrong with America - shareholders whims are likely to be a part of that equation. This is a state of affairs we need to consider rolling back, not expanding. I'll grant that a speedy misreading of what I wrote could lead someone to a conclusion that was simplistic or even comic. It's been my experience tho that folks on HN tend to carefully consider context and intent - and are less likely to arrive at misguided conclusions. That is a fine thing and I am grateful for it. >the Bible Jesus directly talks about people being in Hell. Jesus talked about people being in Gehenna (burning trash dump outside Jerusalem), Hades (Limbo or Paradise, Sheol in Hebrew) and I think Tartarus (deep pit). Tartarus may be OT only, I can't recall ATM. All those terms, each with it's own intent and meaning, were later rolled into Hell (which received a new meaning, one different from any of the original terms). This was eventually codified during one of the Ecumenical councils (1st council of Nicea?) Adding that FamilySearch hasn't joined the other genealogy sites in their DNA Addictions. & MyHeritage has clearly lost their way. They've all but abandoned their research role (their once-excellent post 1940 records are nearly unsearchable now) to one obsessed with DNA & image gimmickry. > ISPs will decide that buying blocks of IPv4 addresses costs more than providing new customers with IPv6 plus some kind of carrier-grade NAT for legacy IPv4 addresses. This implies an ISP can do math. Frontier acquired lots of IPv4 addresses w/ it's $10B purchase of Verizon assets(in 2015 & $7B in 2010 & 2B of AT&T). Frontier has no plans to ever deploy IPv6. >I don't really think the name matters; Jesus wasn't speaking English. Diction mattered a great deal to Christ. Gehanna (Hebrew: Valley of Hinnom; גיא בן הינום) was a location in Christ's time, that was likely associated with burning, destruction and loss - things that one might be expected to feel in the absence of the Creator. Hades was where all dead went and remained until the day of judgment. Christ's reference to it as Paradise implies it isn't a place of suffering. Catholicism's Limbo implies it is a place of waiting. The modern notion of Hell as a location dedicated to the eternal suffering of man, is quite different from either of those places. >That seems clear enough to me that there's some place (not necessarily a physical place) Did God create this place? factette then. "Dethaw" - to unfreeze something prior to cooking. It's something my ex imprinted on my kids. The court was quick to give me custody, once I brought that up. > it is obviously a stupid word, and that makes it stupider. One might argue that 'stupid' was originally intended to describe a person of low intelligence and because words aren't sentient, it's a misuse of the word. It seems like a stupid argument to make, though. I feel the evolution of language reflects important details about the culture wielding it. I think a strong example is the word 'cult'. It once referred to a small sect or faith - and that's all. Leaders of established sects so often demonized small, competing faiths that cult became redefined to refer to evil and dangerous groups of worshipers. Notably, no other word ever emerged to take it's place. I really wanted a tool to evidence how changes in language reflected changes in society's beliefs. I figured an authoritarian source of English definitions would be that tool but there isn't any such thing.* In the end I had to adopt the more difficult approach of finding examples that my audience could relate with. * (For a time I believed that the Oxford English Dictionary was that source, due to the 60-odd years between the 1st and 2nd editions. I didn't realize tho that supplements were added on an ongoing basis.) For a long time, the high-risk crap-spewing networks tended to be the same bad actors (eg: OVH, Digital Ocean, Psychz). This year though, most of my dodgy SMTP traffic is coming 3 new problem children - Gmail(spam), Amazon(spam, other) and Microsoft Azure(other). "Other" here is anything besides spam, like dictionary attacks, transactionless connections or service probes. Copyright has abandoned any pretext of serving a public interest - it's reason for existing. Want to build a superior search engine? OBEY YOUR FREAKING BOOLEAN OPERATORS (search syntax, whatever) - something Google, DDG, Bing, et al, no longer have any interest in doing. Where does one find that in DDG and Google? > the answer to that shouldn't be to return results that don't even contain the words searched for. This is everything that's wrong with search in a single sentence. > most people don't agree with you. You can certainly target a relatively niche group of power-searchers, but most Google users probably think that the search engine guessing their intent is part of what makes it "good". Translate: Feedback from catering to the least common denominator boosts techie self-esteem. PSA: Similar reasoning is responsible for political ads. Why would you assume only 16 other people have ever had to search for something precise? I think that number is a lot closer to everyone. >he Googled Google to do a Google search. The HN circle is complete "Google’s Top Search Result? Surprise, It’s Google" https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23975001 https://themarkup.org/google-the-giant/2020/07/28/google-sea... I've seen the playback from the camera above and I'm okay with that one. The other one targeting my face? Not so much (tho I'm less bothered, since wearing a mask). >Technological progress has always been a net good (life now is better than it has ever been) Benefits can be imaginary and those don't weigh heavily against the harm being done. Bulk surveillance of people who aren't suspected of a crime, is one example. Sometimes benefits only outweigh harm because the harm is limited - due to push-back (or the threat thereof) from the public. I appreciate it when Earth's Surveillance Capital is brought up as an abject lesson. >If you understood how bad the prescription drug problem was in the United States 'Was' is the key word. The vast bulk of pill mills were shuttered a decade ago. The current prescription drug problem is the steadily increasing difficulty for people in pain to get prescription pain relief. There are multiple issues to choose from here. All 3 of your points lack supporting data. For 1 & 2 specifically; Doctors receive an itemized DEA report each month for each patient who's prescribed controlled substances. The reports contain all controlled meds prescribed to that patient, from every Dr. I saw my first DEA report 20-odd years ago, so they're nothing new. Each report is a tap on the shoulder to remind Dr.s that every controlled prescription they write is being closely monitored. Patients are monitored exactly as closely as Dr.s, they just aren't informed every month. So - the volume of prescriptions inferred by #1 & #2, would immediately attract DEA attention. Both Dr and patient would be in cuffs before drug-seeking patterns had time to develop. What is entirely more likely than 1&2, is that the endless demonization of prescribing opioids - and the continual LEO threats against Dr's who prescribe meds in a way that the DEA doesn't like - is increasingly frightening Dr.s away from treating pain in an effective way. Your #3 contains a number of assertions that would be difficult-to-impossible to prove (or disprove), when strung together like that. I am impressed by the sheer length of that article. It's a reminder that however good I might be at communication, I will never have the full package of skills it takes to write well, day after day. After 40 years I sometimes nail entire paragraphs. I hope to write for slashdot by the time I'm 200. All communication is tough for me. I have to manually assemble the sort of language skills that most folks take for granted. To achieve even basic communication, I have to collect and process huge amounts of social/human data. For speaking, this means composing & practicing entire conversations until I've mastered enough variations that I can sound reasonably natural. With text, I need rewrite my sentences numerous times, before I achieve basic readability between them. However, when I can pull off mundane communication, getting out something that's excellent or interesting is normally ~0 steps further. The article confirms a couple of principles that survived largely intact from my youth. I'm most efficient when I'm 1) in service to someone and 2) prioritizing their needs. This applies to pretty much any interaction with people - but especially to personal relationships like family and parenting. >The news is not information and never has been. Assuming that's true then perhaps we need more journalism & less news. Journalism here being performance of those duties implied by the 1st Amendment's Freedom Of The Press clause.