Here's a great article on the subject from Dharmesh Shah (HubSpot founder). http://onstartups.com/tabid/3339/bid/11097/How-To-Price-Soft... Any reason why you chose Unity3D over Google's O3D ( http://code.google.com/apis/o3d/ ) ? How is this not off topic? First thought: seems like Mechanical Turk is popular in India. I can't describe how OOP changed my life. You have to learn it. Right. I don't see any use case for this syntax especially that modern IDEs offer auto completion . I pretty much in the same situation as you and have a similar background (currently studying software engineering). Actually I did quit school for one year and worked as a web developer. I liked it, good salary and all, but I chose to go back to school for a few reasons. 1) School is a great place to make connections. 2) My parents are supporting me while I'm still studying. 3) Most of all, I'm an entrepreneur and school is a great time to start a company (see 2 reasons above + http://answers.onstartups.com/questions/2059/founding-a-star... ). 4) Although I also learn better on my own (didn't learn much at school), bachelor opens the door to post-graduate studies and gives some credibility when looking for VC funding. Finally, nowadays, you can launch a startup with minimal capital investment, so don't worry about money. An interesting solution would be to randomly chose which stories a given user sees in the New section. This article might help you: http://sitepoint.com/article/merchant-account-review DES ? Does this guy realize he's asking the founder of PHP (rasmus@php.net) to "escalate this to someone who can answer". lol If you follow a tutorial on becoming a hacker than you are most likely not (and won't be) a hacker. Being a hacker is a state of mind. On the short time it isn't but on the long term it can be. I've spent a few hours reading on version control a few years ago and I've been more productive since then ;) That's a good idea but I'm not sure how I would go about getting some famous developers to send a screencast of them at work! "There is perhaps a more general point here. If a language does too much for you, it may be simultaneously a good tool for production and a bad one for learning. It's not only languages that have this problem; web application frameworks like RubyOnRails, CakePHP, Django may make it too easy to reach a superficial sort of understanding that will leave you without resources when you have to tackle a hard problem, or even just debug the solution to an easy one." Love this quote. Thanks. Good idea ;) Lean and clean. Pretty similar indeed. Thanks for sharing the link. I haven't thought of a revenue model yet: just throwing the idea out to see if that's something people would actually like. Getting developers to share their work environment would indeed be a challenge. Perhaps, a karma system a la StackOverflow/HN could be used as an incentive. Developers on StackOverflow don't mind helping each others out so I don't see why it wouldn't work with my proposed format. I have to admit though that making a screencast is time consuming and the karma incentive might not be enough to balance. Another option that was mentioned in the comments was to ask "celebrity" developers to share their workspace. Celebrities usually like free publicity so I believe that might be a viable option to start out. Oui? Quel est le problème? I wasn't aware that Clojure had a steeper learning curve. I'll do as you recommended: start with Scheme to grasp the basics of Lisp and eventually move on to more advanced stuff. Thanks. Whatever, I never get spam with Gmail. My take on this: the benefit of filtering spam largely outweighs the downside of false positives (which, as far as I know, never happened to me and if it did, it probably wasn't that bad since I didn't notice). If someone really needs to contact me, the said person can message me on my various social profiles or simply call me. Nice tool, although embedding images isn't always an option. Thanks for sharing. Bookmarked. Makes a good example of why requirements are important even for something as seemingly simple as file copying. Actually, mistakes with pointers can lead to remote code execution ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffer_overflows ). Are they trusted by all browsers ? Reporting in. Someone lacks sense of humor... You`re right about this particular example. However, I wanted the library to be flexible enough to handle changes in the DOM (not only the content of some elements). Of course, if the DOM changes too heavily (completely different layout), this library wouldn't really make sense. That's right: if the diff takes more time then actually loading a new page, it doesn't make sense at all. However, I could see the diff script intelligent enough not to be slowed down by a minor difference. Anyways, this library would mostly make sense on pages with a very similar layout. As mentioned in my reply to @profquail, the use case was just an example. Perhaps I should have chosen a better one. http://www.irosetta.com/ Thanks for your feedback. However, I'm not sure why this site would be more likely to attract "amateurs" than StackOverflow. StackOverflow is not part of a freelancer marketplace either (the career site was only added very recently) and yet manages to get quality content. Thanks for your insight nonetheless, I will consider integrating the Q&A part with a "marketplace" in a second phase. WordReference does have a ton of valuable content and a vibrant community but as you mentioned, the user experience isn't that great. Thanks for the encouragement ;) That sucks but thanks for pointing out. I didn't know it was possible to trademark an Ancient Egyptian artifact :( I'll try to see if I really am infringing the trademark. I'll run a test campaign and see if it is effective. Thanks for the keyword suggestions. "programming provides a higher barrier of entry than language study". As a professional programmer, I never really realized this but now that you mention it, it totally makes sense. In that perspective, iRosetta is more likely to attract "amateurs". I'll try to come up with a strategy to market it to pros ;) Nice collection ! Community moderation/features would be nice. jQuery Ruby on Rails Wasn't that posted earlier this month? I share it on HN ;) http://www.ted.com/ has some great lectures http://academicearth.org/ has videos of university courses -1. Why didn't you post this on your blog ? :D Thanks for the honest insight. I'm currently reading it and I love it so far. Google, I owe you one. Wikipedia is noncommercial. Thanks for this honest response. By the way, forms are also hell with the Zend Framework IMHO. Wanna talk basketball? What other languages? (genuine question) Would you consider candidates from Canada? I'm in Montreal. (olalonde@gmail.com) You should preload the 1-2 next pages (i.e. using an hidden iframe). I'm all for seeing Flash die a slow death. However, I wouldn't celebrate Apple for making the web more open: their AppStore is the worst proprietary/closed platform out there. You'd have to work pretty hard to make a compiled algorithm slower than an interpreted one. I'm not sure people are ready to pay for content on the web. I know I wouldn't pay for HN... uh wait, I would. I possibly would buy one (if the design is appealing even for a non programmer) but I'd be surprised if it hasn't already be done out there. My ultimate goal is to increase productivity - I'm getting tired of writing and maintaining all those SQL queries. I felt the driving force behind NoSQL databases was cutting through the pain of SQL, but I can see from other comments that it is not really the case. Thanks, that's exactly the answer I was looking for. For some reason, I was under the impression that simplifying queries was actually a design goal of NoSQL whereas it really is about scalability and performance... right? That sentence was for illustration purposes: I was wondering if NoSQL databases acted on the same level as ORMs (and I was apparently wrong). I am very well aware of ORMs (actually wrote my own in PHP: http://www.getdorm.com ). You should look up what is recommended by the PCI DSS ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Payment_Card_Industry_Data_Secu... / https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/ ). Which industries would that be? What is a good way to get in touch with them without looking too opportunist or ruining yourself? (genuine question) Are you spying on me ? :D One strategy is to get a routine. I can't confirm though, I'm also a procrastinator :/. I am bilingual (french/english), but one thing really bothers me: I never get to speak in English. I read books in English, I watch movies in English, I read/write in English, etc. but I never get the chance to practice my spoken English. The end result is that although I understand/write English very well, I lack confidence when talking. I wish I could _talk_ on the net so that I "get" the accent and intonation. The best scenario would be to be able to discuss about things I'm interested in at the same time (startups, programming, etc.). I could actually host a Ventrilo server (anyone interested?) until someone builds an app for that :D "Go work in them" can be a time consuming process. I wish it was possible to just work a couple of days in a given industry but it's much easier said then done. An alternative could be consulting but that can also involve a lot of commitment when all you really want is identifying opportunities - not build a consultancy biz from scratch. Perhaps, a viable alternative could be to offer free consulting: much easier to land contracts and low commitment. That's what I used to do actually. It was indeed a very effective way to speak English but I pretty much lost interest in video games now. This was posted earlier this week ;) If only we could change "National Defense" by "Startup Fund". Cool project ! Care to open source your error level analysis implementation ? I'm curious of how complex it is. 37signals ? It seems like writing a whole new language is a bit overkill... why not simply stick to the framework layer? I totally agree. "How cash in the bank affects your lifestyle: it's not linear." ( http://blog.asmartbear.com/rich-vs-king-sold-company.html ) Who cares? Start a company and profit. If it doesn't work, try again. I'd rather be poor and get a shot at the big bucks than have a nice & stable salary. -1 ? You don't have to share my opinion but I'm not sure it deserves a down vote. What differentiates you from http://younoodle.com/ and http://crunchbase.com ? The UI is cool by the way. I would as long as I'm not used as a flesh shield ;) What kind of job would you have there? I thought you could only write iPhone apps in Objective-C. Most likely answer so far: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/axth9/i_found_thi... It's most likely a random number as it is in UUID version 4 format. The version identified by the 4 and the b in the correct spots "6d4061b1b-a7ee-4a9e-b0ae-509617252b42" (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universally_Unique_Identifier#V... ). Person who placed the geocache probably wanted a way to google anyone who found it. The real sad thing about this is that if they're asking you to post, it implies that what you post is much more likely to make the top page than it is for regular users, which defeats the whole purpose of this site. Let's hope HN isn't becoming a new kind of Digg... You might want to add http://singularityhub.com/ to your feed reader ;) This is a follow up to: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1066716 This has nothing to do with intellectual curiosity, but I couldn't resist posting it :/ If such an IDE was built, it would pretty much mean the end of Flash on the long term. So my guess is that there is a market for an open standards IDE. Why are the markers so evenly distributed across the map? There should be a much larger concentration of markers in places where population density (with Internet access) is high. For instance, there seems to be as much markers in Canada as in the US. My guess is that most (read 99%) of the markers are fake. The map was most likely populated by the website owner. Although I wouldn't see myself doing 400 "half baked" projects, I understand that it could be a solution for people who are in it for the money. That being said, I definitely agree with the fact that your social network and environment can have a big influence on your success. We don't all have the chance to live in Silicon Valley. Right. Perhaps I am over-thinking this. From discussions that usually happen on HN. Don't you share the same perception? It seemed obvious to me but I guess I'm biased. Perhaps I should have explained my arguments. Agreed, although you're not answering the question. Assuming you are a Christian, do you believe the Bible should be taken literally or do you think it is composed of metaphors? Where do you draw the line between fact and fiction? Never mind, I thought it was tokenadult who had written your reply above. Perhaps rationality goes out the window when the stakes are too high. As an atheist, I find this essay truly inspiring and would say most (if not all) predictions make lots of sense. That being said, I'm afraid that the spiritual tone employed by the author might distortion the message he really wanted to pass. I asked this on HN a few days ago and didn't get any feedback. I hope this time I'll get some comments... otherwise I'll have to admit it isn't such a great idea! If you know any similar trick, let me know in the comments ! Interesting insight, thanks for sharing :) Right. I like StackOverflow's karma system for instance. It keeps spam out and rewards for quality content. I asked a question along those lines to HN a few days ago. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1108912 Very cool app.! I was going to build it myself but you beat me to it. Now, can someone build a feed for HN submission comments/comment replies? And why not a feed for StackExchange answers/comments ? I second. All my favorites are lined up under my URL bar and I don't have enough space to keep the website titles, I only keep the favicons. Usability was great until I tried finding a listing of IfIRanTheWorld answers. Then, there's a third category of questions where these two approaches fail. In fact, when asked a question of this type, one does not immediately know how to go about proceeding to investigate it, e.g. "What is truth, Is there a God", etc. [...] But apart from its misapplication to scientific matters (such as the shape of the earth), is the moral relativistic approach a useful one, despite its acceptance as an axiom in a lot of universities? Now, that is a long debate. IMHO, the moral relativistic approach as you describe it constitutes an interesting mental exercise, but not a useful one per se. If there is absolutely no hint or proof that something exists, how can it be useful to debate it (apart from intellectual masturbation) ? Let's say we live in "the matrix" and that there is _absolutely_ no way to get out of it or anything that could hint its existence. Given that assumption, what is the point of debating whether it exists or not ? Even if there really was a matrix, how could it be useful for us to know this piece of information ? That knowledge wouldn't serve any purpose as the said matrix wouldn't in any way interfere with our universe and even less with our mere human lives. Of course, if there was any way to escape the matrix or if it would even subtly interact with our universe, that would be another question. In the same vein, I dislike the concept of "agnosticism". If we had to be agnostic about everything that is not possible to prove (or even partially, through subtle hints) then we'd have to be agnostic about an amount of things only limited by our collective imagination. For instance, we'd have to be agnostic about "the matrix", the fact that our universe is an "atom" inside a much larger universe, that we're all imagining this universe through an induced dream, etc. On a side note, this is one of the reason I find it more interesting to debate with theists that believe they have evidence for God than agnostics or theists that base their belief on faith. PS: I'm not trying to discard philosophy and I actually admire this discipline. All I'm saying is that it should not attempt to answer the wrong questions. I assume this was meant to be a clarification as opposed to a counter-argument because I totally agree with you. My point was that there is absolutely no use in knowing "metaphysical facts" as long as they don't change anything about our knowledge of the physical universe. Metaphysical statements are indeed meaningless if you can't determine them through some type of experiment. That being said, the fundamental laws of our universe could also be considered as metaphysical statements since they "describe the physical", the precise definition of "metaphysical". However, those metaphysical statements can be determined through experiments and that's why they're "useful". @philwelch: I quoted you here http://syskall.com/why-we-should-eradicate-agnosticism-from-... , hope you don't mind. I tried contacting you by e-mail but it didn't work. Hope you're not scanning IP ranges: I believe it's illegal in most countries. I would modify the question to "[...] Is Amazon just that unreliable [...]". Saying that the whole cloud is unreliable is a pretty fast generalization. or superuser.com ... StackExchange's karma points and badges have made me quite addictive. What would be interesting would be to let users hook their own custom functions to your web crawler. In other words, whenever you crawl a link, you feed the link to the developer's script which does whatever it wants with it. I've had plenty of ideas that would involve a web crawler, but I just don't have the time to customize an open source crawler. There are too many complications like not falling into infinite loops (such as a calendar type pages). The original website was posted on HN a while ago. One (of the many) definitions of agnosticism is to " the view that the truth value of certain claims - especially claims about the existence of any deity, but also other religious and metaphysical claims - is unknown or unknowable." In other words, you think it's impossible to know. I've written a blog post on the matter a few days ago http://syskall.com/why-we-should-eradicate-agnosticism-from-... Because you have a hard time rationalizing social norms doesn't mean they don't make sense at all. Nerds do have their social norms too (for instance, not caring about their physical appearance) and I would actually consider myself a nerd if it was not for the social part / lifestyle that goes with it. I'm probably going to get down voted for this :/ Can anyone explain me the value of URL shorteners? I never understood this "cool" trend... OK, they're useful for SMS (that's why it's so popular on Twitter), but what else ? If you do it and get up voted the second time than it is ethical. Otherwise, it is unethical. Seriously though, there should be a system where you lose points for every submit that doesn't get any up vote. If you really believe your story is interesting, you should be allowed to risk losing points as long as you want... until you run out of points. At the same time, if you think your novel content is not likely to get up voted, why would you post it ? Ideally, I would like to see a StackOverflow-like karma system on HN. For instance, let's say you get X points for every up vote, it wouldn't be that scary to lose X/2 points for submitting a story that doesn't get up voted but yet, you would think about it twice. Cool concept, I hope it works out ! I really wonder how the backdoor got there in the first place. Isn't this off topic? Linus didn't exactly shine in this discussion :/ Especially the part where he says: A scientific theory is an approximation of observed behaviour WITH NO KNOWN HOLES. Once there are known holes in the theory, it's not a scientific theory. At best it's an approximation, but quite possibly it's just plain wrong. It would be cool if it was possible to automatically save to an image host. Does anyone have a link to the full size image? I disagree with that author and I'm not even sure what point he is trying to make. If a smaller brain is more intelligent than a bigger brain, I assume it is more complex (for instance, it has more interconnections). In computer science though, it takes more processing power to simulate more complex representations of reality. Therefore, we would need more processing power to represent a small intelligent brain than a big stupid brain. Software and our analog world are two very different beasts. Small and complex physical things sometimes take more processing power to represent than big simple ones. This article sums it up pretty well: http://www.johndcook.com/blog/2010/03/03/just-in-case-versus... http://bigassmessage.com/741540b37 University Research 2.0. It seems like universities are so lateeee on adopting new technologies. Most of them are still working with printed scientific journals / email / static HTMLs + GIFs from the 90s. They still do a lot of stuff through the mail and the count goes on... If you don't trust me, just take a look at http://arxiv.org/ or MIT's website. I'm pretty sure there's room for amelioration! If anyone wants to brainstorm on the topic, feel free to contact me. Sounds more like a news aggregator than a social platform for scientific collaboration. Where does it say he'll work for free?? Right, although Arxiv.org is so 1995. That's pretty much the direction Chrome OS is taking. Greatest would be if the printers could print (replicate) themselves. A new life form :) That problem is pretty much solved for me (Gmail). The real problem here is why does mail still have to exist? Build a ChatRoulette like feature. The description actually reminded me of the main character in American Psycho. I disagree with you: I consider myself as having relatively good people skills and Saul still disgusts me. However, Saul isn't the single one to blame. After all, he's only a player in the corporate game. He didn't make up the rules. If only Saul's strategies (i.e. getting promoted on the basis of a friendship) didn't work in the real life, there would be less Sauls in this world. IMO, the article didn't have much substance but the debate in the comments is pretty interesting to read. Actually, the original ChatRoulette was built by a Russian. I use Netvibes.com which lets you make a public page with RSS feeds you read. Mine is http://www.netvibes.com/webdeveloper although it's pretty old.. Was posted here a few days ago. I wonder what that is: http://imgur.com/ATpQj.png Maybe related to the Pi Day ? Isn't a bit strange that the current time = the 3 first digits of Pi and that there is π next to it? I'd be curious to hear what that new career is. This field looks indeed fascinating. That being said, I wonder how I could go about learning bioengineering by myself. Perhaps I should find an online community and ask them where I should get started. I'm mostly interested in engineering/science. That's pretty much as narrow as I can get. The point of asking a broad question was to get answers I wouldn't spontaneously come up with. I'm looking for diversity and originality. That's precisely why I'm looking to learn something not related to software development. It has been driving innovation in the early days of the web but it is not true anymore. Disclosure: I've been freelancing for several adult companies and personally know some business owners that are in this industry. Hey smakz, I'd be interested in getting in touch with you (see email in profile). I might have some things you'd be interested in. I wonder what makes some psychopaths violent and others not. Right, perhaps I should simply take the habit of using svn status when in svn repositories. Still it would be cool to have it integrated with the regular "ls". Obviously, it's more of a nice-to-have than a must-have. You should ask your question over at http://answers.onstartups.com/ . Jobs don't scale. No, really !? Am I the only one who's getting tired of meaningless headlines :| The Four Steps to the Epiphany by Steven Gary Blank is an excellent book about startup engineering. Richard Dawkins' "Selfish Gene" and "God Delusion" are excellent reads. The Stranger (L’Étranger) by Albert Camus is an excellent novel. I'm sure many HNers can relate to the main character. Yep. Actually, some stats surprised me quite a bit... obviously, you should take those stats with a grain of salt as they are not 100% accurate. For some reason, I knew this would involve the iPad vs PC but I still clicked to make sure :/ I'd like to get one... mine broke a few days ago and I lost about 500gb of data :/ I'll give some books away on HN tomorrow :) I do. I'm my own boss anyways ;) Great list. Surprisingly, I hadn't even heard of YC's most successful exit (Divvyshot, acquired by Facebook at 20M$). Not sure at all... I took it from the spreadsheet. French is still spoken in many African countries although its not likely to translate into economic benefit anytime soon. It can also be useful if you want to do business in Montreal, Canada, which is relatively big in the video game industry. De mon côté, j'aimerais bien apprendre le Mandarin :) The consensus seems to be REST all the way (and not to implement multiple interfaces to the same API). Thanks everyone for the feedback! We're building this web service for people like you so your opinion is invaluable :) I'm currently reading "The Ruby Programming Language" (coming from a C/C++/PHP background). I'm looking forward to write my next web app using RoR. In my experience, most "Get rich quick with affiliate marketing" e-books are total BS, but actual affiliate programs are legit. Amazing... a few years ago I would have swore this was Flash. How did that crap get 4 points on HN ? Never heard of Cloudomatic before, but I wish I had. It seems like a great service and I actually like your UI ;) Good luck with it ! Come to think about it, I'm not sure this is actually a good thing for Android. I don't mean to diminish what this guy did in any way - it surely took a lot of time, skills and perseverance. What I'm concerned about is that some people, who under normal circumstances would have bought an Android device, might buy an iPhone thinking: "Well, this is the best of both worlds, it can run Android and the iPhone OS". This kind of thinking could do a lot of harm to the Android community: less money for Android manufacturers who support Android's development, lesser user experience on the iPhone-Android (considering it's basically a hack) might leave a bad impression to first time users, etc. I have no idea but probably an order of magnitude harder since it's not open source. As unlikely as it may seem, the dual boot part seems already done according to the video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yO2KQHkt4A I guess so: I just read all the comments in this thread :/ Great idea! On a side note, the hover effect on the buttons hurts my eyes - maybe it's just me. That's it! Looks like a developer took the initiative because apart from that the design is neat :D Thanks for pointing this out! Have you tried clicking outside the box? Anyways, we will add a close button to make it more intuitive. It's my first time with WuFoo :) Should be fixed now. Thanks for pointing out and thanks for sharing your thoughts on payment options. We will make sure to appeal to both larger and lower volume merchants. That's pretty much the idea. There will be only one external API that developers can use, but internally, we will make sure to make it work with as many payment gateways as possible. We will then implement other features but that should be our core service. I've had to implement many payment processors for different clients in the past years and it really is a pain. I'm basically building this for myself :) Hadn't heard of this before, thanks for sharing. I will look into it. We don't think we will have to compete with them as we offer a different service. They could actually become our customers to offload the pain of implementing different APIs for all of their supported payment gateways. Thanks, I've fixed those issues. Good guess on the French thing, that's actually my mother tongue. We are indeed trying to see where to focus and get some very early feedback. That being said, a big chunk of the code is already done :) The private beta should launch in the next following weeks. I would say our service operates at a lower level of abstraction than the services you mentioned. Our ultimate goal is to make it simple to integrate with any payment processor. We perfectly understand your concern. Our way to deal with it is that we try to use payment gateways' built-in recurring billing as much as possible in order to make it easy for our customers to move off our platform. We also offer the possibility to export any data that you own. I don't pay myself, everything goes back in the business. I could refute almost every single point in the first set of arguments. WebSocket, Canvas, Web Workers, HTML5 drag and drop API, WebGL, O3D, Application Cache API, Chrome/FF (and possibly other browsers) allow web apps to open mailto: links, FireBug, Web Developer Toolbar, etc. etc. Well, that's pretty subjective. I prefer GMail's user-experience than any competitive desktop app, same for Google Calendar, Google Reader, Basecamp and FreshBooks. I guess I'm biased as I am a firm believer that the open web is the platform of the future. That being said, I totally agree that there is still a lot of room for improvement, but we're on the right track :) Was posted on HN a few weeks ago... still upvoted because it's great :) There's http://diveintohtml5.org which I don`t believe is 100% completed yet. I guess it's still too early for a comprehensive book - HTML5 is still in draft mode. I would like to see Adobe contribute to the HTML5 specs and "merge" the good features of Flash with HTML5. I don't think it makes sense anymore to have both HTML5 and Flash as two separate entities as they basically aim to solve the same problem. Adobe could then build great authoring tools for web apps just like it did for Flash... if only they could see the opportunity. I created this spreadsheet so anyone could contribute to the original list ( http://www.querycell.com/Business_Forum_Discussion.html ) posted on HN yesterday. Feel free to manage the list and keep it clean as this is my first time with Google Docs! Reminds me of his Mixergy interview http://mixergy.com/brad-feld-interview/ . He's the kind of VC I'd like to do business with. I thought payment APIs were especially a pain (that's why I'm working on http://payfacade.com ). IP geolocation / HTML5's location API could be an option too. Maybe you'd want to be an angel :) I'm a co-founder at a company that is growing very fast and we are looking for some investors. The company is incorporated in Hong Kong so it's very hard to get VC. If you'd like to hear more, add me on Skype (o-lalonde) (sorry for the shameless plug) Sadly, I realized this when I started smoking. When I go smoke outside and come back, I can solve the problem I was working on much faster. Cigarette does have some benefits... sad but true.