I'm commenting here since I can't edit a Google doc at work. Maybe I misunderstand the question, but if we are talking about content-driven external-facing sites, the development platform is the wrong place to start the conversation. That implies building a CMS from scratch which is a terrible idea--it would take longer, cost more, be less secure, and less flexible, than using a well-established open source CMS. There's no reason to develop a custom web CMS from scratch anymore unless it is the core product of the company (examples: Reddit, Stack Overflow, Facebook, Twitter). Start with their content and then find an open-source CMS that can do what they want between the core functionality and any contributed modules. I'd make a slight correction and say that the point of publication is not so others can reproduce your work, it is so others can confirm your results. Exact reproduction can be problematic in science because if there was a flaw in the original experimental design or method, an exact reproduction could "confirm" that same flawed result. It's better if other scientists can learn enough to understand the result, and design their own experiments to confirm or disprove it. A super simple example is if I drop something and then report a value for gravitational acceleration. But what if I dropped a feather? If you simply reproduce the experiment, you'll get the same (wrong) result. Whereas if you select your object to drop, there's a better chance you'll pick something denser and get a different result. Your conclusion seems to be: why do we need peer review if the results are this bad? But an alternative perspective might be: think of how much worse things would be _without_ peer review. Yes but their hardware always comes preloaded with software and services. Since they don't sell "naked" hardware, there's really no way to parse the value proposition. For what it's worth, Steve Jobs said multiple times at the D conference that in his mind, most of the value comes from the software...the hardware enables it and is the "pretty box". In my daily life there are 10 devices I might use to access email. Instead of spending time to configure IMAP and/or SSH on every device, I just log into Gmail and get shit done the same way in all 10 places. About 10 years ago I was working for a consultant and ran a research project on pen-based computing. We learned that most people who were happy with pen-based computers had gotten them at a steep discount. They felt that the products had shortcomings but that was ok because they were so cheap. The only two exceptions--pen-based computing products that had found significant success at their MSRP--were Wacom and Palm/Handspring. The key to the mystery was handwriting recognition. 100% recognition is impossible, even for humans. But while we accept human misses, there is pretty much no tolerance for misses in a computing interface. With a miss, the value of the pen input (speed and natural feel) is lost in the need to correct. Wacom succeeds because it does not even try to do handwriting recognition. Palm/Handspring succeeded by inventing new motions for per-letter entry that people had to learn (called Graffiti). This reversed the user expectation: if the recognition failed, many users would assume it was their own fault for not doing the Graffiti entry properly. They wouldn't blame the machine, so their opinion of its value did not suffer. Styluses are still hugely popular for animators, artists, and some graphic designers. Wacom is still going strong. But any computer that relies on a stylus for text entry is probably doomed to fail. The "Internet connected refrigerator that manages food for you" has been an example of this sort of thinking for at least 10 years, and it's no closer to being something that anyone actually wants. Most of these only really took off once PARC shared them with other people and companies. If Google is willing to subsidize a free refrigerator for me so they can serve ads on it, I will consider it. :-) I haven't read the book, but is the thesis of this discussion that the book is fatally flawed because Isaacson didn't challenge Bill Gates on the details of how NeXTStep evolved into OS X? This doesn't really seem like THE crucial moment in the entire life of Steve Jobs. Each one of these decisions involved numerous other people; these stories are still out there ready to be told. I would ask Siracusa why he, as a tech journalist, has not run down more of these stories himself. A woman I knew in college got in and flew on the Shuttle. She was a geology major and then a high school teacher. So there must be something beyond the science and pilot aspects in the evaluation. Well Photoshop is a bit more complex software than a text editor; it's more of a deep toolset than just a frame. Being great at Photoshop means that at least the tool command is there to do great design work. It's probably more akin to a development platform, like saying someone is a "Ruby wiz." It still doesn't mean they'll do great work, but at least they CAN do great work. If someone sucks at Ruby (or Photoshop) they are going to have a hard time developing great products with it. How much does saying someone is a Ruby wiz tell you about the programs they create? Knowing how to write functional, efficient code is no guarantee of producing a useful, interesting, or beautiful program. Edit to add: beautiful software is a design problem--encompassing both function and looks. If the functional design is good, but the person doesn't know Photoshop, it makes sense to hire a Photoshop wiz to help them with the looks. I think we're in agreement, though, that being good with the tool is not by itself evidence of good design. Google is already legally responsible for all the content on YouTube. The DMCA does not remove liability, it just sets out a process for managing liability--the takedown notice. If Google ignores conforming legitimate takedown notices, under the DMCA, they are fully liable for the infringing content. And as we see with Viacom, the DMCA does not actually prevent private lawsuits. It's just a metaphorical term of art. Most people wouldn't want to work with "garbage collection" every day, but of course many programmers do. The dividing line can be neatly seen as whether a company derives its value from server-hosted software or not. Companies which derive their value from server-hosted software have no reason to support IP-protecting legislation because their IP is already protected by the server/client architecture. Companies like Microsoft, Apple, most game companies, and of course content companies transmit their entire IP to each customer. It is impossible to technologically prevent the copying of this IP--we all know the failings of DRM. Thus they must depend on the law for protection. I hypothesize that Google might be less sanguine about IP protections if a new technology became available which allowed anyone to easily view and copy the Google search algorithm code at any time. To come at that question from the other direction, I sometimes wonder what (if any) anti-piracy bill some tech folks would support. The counter-argument to better IP enforcement often seems to be "change your business model", which is not a policy statement. The private right of action in SOPA is actually modeled on the DMCA notice. Let's say a record label asks PayPal to stop payments to an allegedly "infringing site". PayPal must notify the allegedly infringing site of that request within 5 days. If that site provides a counter-notification, PayPal leaves the site alone and checks out of the whole process. From that point, the record label has to go to a judge to try to get an injunction against the site (with all the associated burden of proof, etc). The DNS blocking is only available to federal law enforcement; a private complaint can't pull DNS under any circumstance. I think you're really stretching here. The core issue is whether companies value their employees--that comes through in how the employees actually get treated, not the use of one word vs. another. Just making something illegal doesn't prevent it from happening--there also need to be laws providing mechanisms for investigation and enforcement. The phone companies have all sorts of legal duties to law enforcement. If a court orders it, they have to assist with taps, traces, geolocation, call records, etc. As you say, piracy is already illegal. And we know there's a ton of casual piracy that goes on--see: http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2011/11/its-official... So the question is: what mechanisms of enforcement can dampen casual piracy and yet be acceptable to most tech companies? How would SOPA give the U.S. govt. any more power over Facebook, Twitter, or Amazon? The DNS blocking is basically the same power as domain seizing, which the feds already have today. In other words if the U.S. govt wanted to try to take down Facebook, Twitter, or Amazon today, they could already do so by trying to seize their domains. There's no difference in the process or standard of proof. The only thing SOPA adds is DNS blocking since the feds do not have jurisdiction over domains registered outside the U.S. It is great to stand up to bad legislation, but it is not great to be hyperbolic and inaccurate about the bill. Whether or not one thinks the feds should have the power to seize domains, my point is just that SOPA does not expand that power w/respect to U.S.-based sites. I don't think the fight is really "Hollywood vs. Internet" since there are some tech companies who are big on the Internet, who have not come out against the bill--like Microsoft, Apple, Amazon, Netflix, etc. I'm guessing that it is more of a fight between business models--distributing "pro" content vs. aggregating user-generated content. There are some fine lines being walked in the tech industry. Microsoft hates piracy of their package software, but Bing would face all the same legal issues under SOPA that Google would. Google wants to maximize freedom for Search and YouTube, but they are also trying to buddy up to big content for products like Google TV and the new music service. Fair point, I hadn't looked at it that way. Considering Matt's day job, that might not be an accident! :-) Not money, wealth. There's a big difference. And it's not even really wealth, since it contains huge but not-real numbers like the notional size of derivative contracts. The BSA is trying to walk the same fine line as everyone else. It's also worth pointing out that fighting piracy is only one part of what the MPAA does. Their budget also covers the entire film rating system, quite a bit of industry research and reporting, and lobbying at the state and federal level for things like tax breaks, union regulations, etc. A lot of running plays involve one or more o-linemen pulling to overload one side or the other. Many play actions pull a lineman or two but then back-fill the pass protection with the backs or tight end. This looks like a run even though none of the o-line go downfield. Because the people are outside the U.S. and thus outside the U.S. government's jurisdiction. The domain name is registered through a U.S.-based registrar so it is subject to U.S. jurisdiction. Whether you like him or not, he runs a successful, profitable business--which is proof he has some idea what he is talking about. I think the point is that he could not have afforded to buy a lounge if he hadn't first worked hard enough to succeed in a startup. It's worth pointing out that while Arrington is a VC now, he also started his own company (TechCrunch), worked very hard to grow it for years, and guided it to a nice exit to AOL. So this is not necessarily a case of "do as I say, not as I do." He was famously hard working when he was growing TechCrunch. The hover nav is a usability abomination. It's not discoverable--the only clue it's there is a tiny arrow. On the old bar it was totally obvious where the links were to jump to other properties. It presents an inconsistent user interface. If you move the pointer in from the bottom, you're on the left nav. If you move the pointer in from the top, you're on the hover nav. It would be like getting two totally different neighborhoods depending on whether you drove in from the north or south. It requires precise mouse choreography. It's not enough to aim for the target, you have to follow a specific path to get there (especially true with the extra fly-out submenu). If you don't, you have to go back to the beginning and start over. The old bar was a fixed set of targets--easy to hit from wherever. The idea of a menu is fine, it is the implementation that needs work. They could easily fix this with two changes: 1) Add a button or link that is specific to exposing the menu (call it "Menu" or "Products" or "Go to other Google services" or whatever). This way it's obvious what the user must do to expose further options. That also frees the Google logo to simply link home, which is what logos generally do on the web. 2) Make the menu open and close with a click instead of hover. That way you don't have be an expert mouse pilot to get to the link you want. It also maintain consistency with the dominant paradigm in a GUI, which is "click to take an action." Think about it--have you EVER seen a hover menu built into an OS? I'm not familiar with Linux GUIs but on Windows and Mac OS X, menus always take a click to expose them. Edit: Just submitted an image of this to HN: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3296021 I think the urge to seastead comes from the same place as the urge to refactor code. "Let's just start over, it's bound to be way better because of all we've learned." But as well know, there is no guarantee that refactoring from scratch is going to produce a better product. Modern states are like old codebases. They are a huge pain in the ass to maintain, BUT they also contain bug fixes and tweaks from 1,000+ solved problems. In fact all those fixes are probably why it is such a pain in the ass to maintain. That doesn't mean they aren't good fixes that are still relevant and necessary. I think the simplest solution to the mismatched stick issue is to use servo motors to replicate the old situation--the movement of each stick mirrors the movements of the other. A pilot wouldn't have to look for some stick position display, or indicator light, if they can easily feel the deflection of the stick. Some ideas: Illuminate the pilot's footwells with a bright red light. There is normally no illumination there at all, plus it takes up a fairly large percentage of their viewable area when looking at their screens. Or, change the background colors of all the screens from black to red. That might harm usability too much though. Maybe change all the other switch backlighting over to red. Or change the cabin overhead lighting over to red. To the greatest extent possible, the entire environment and interface needs to communicate the modal shift. And pilots would need to train on this shift constantly so that recognition, and the appropriate shift in thinking, would happen habitually. The Chinese relish any opportunity to make the claim that the U.S. is no better than them. There's a chip on the shoulder of their culture, which is strongly encouraged by the Communist leadership as a way of maintaining social order. Nothing suppresses dissent like an external competitor/enemy. But the reality is that SOPA is no more capable of overriding our Constitutional rights than any other law that Congress might pass. It's a significant difference between the countries that can't be wished away. Looks like I will be holding onto these Touchpads! Very exciting news. Many laws have passed, that were subsequently struck down by the Supreme Court as violations of the Constitution. I'm not aware of a similar process in China. Copyright probably did not bring about an increase in total creativity or art excellence. (How would one measure those metrics anyway?) What copyright did was create financial incentives for distributing the existing levels of creativity far and wide--so people other than rich patrons can enjoy creative works. Ok, that might work for Stephen King today, but how would it have worked for JK Rowling in 1995? What a terrible idea; I can't think of a faster way to kill the public credibility of this open encyclopedia project. Sure--nothing seizes the moral high ground in a censorship fight like censoring a whole bunch of democratically elected officials. As a 501(c)3, the Wikimedia Foundation is legally required to stay out of politics, and has limits on how it can lobby Congress on specific pieces of legislation. This is why, for example, the Sierra Club is not a 501(c)3. Changing Wikipedia, and tying it to a specific bill like SOPA, would likely tread very closely to that line, or over it. That really WOULD threaten the future of Wikipedia as it would face legal sanctions, or be forced to give up its 501(c)3 status, meaning that donations would no longer be tax-deductible. The WM produces one project: Wikipedia, the bulk of which is the English-language version. If that is given over entirely to lobbying a specific bill, even temporarily, they would have a very hard time arguing that that is not a "substantial portion" of their activity. This sounds great but I think it is worth considering two things: 1) I'm not aware of any persecution or prosecution of any private citizen for modifying their own device. For instance I've never heard of Apple seeking legal action against an iPhone owner who jailbroke their phone. Or heck, even against any of the groups who publish jailbreaks. 2) This would not force any manufacturer or carrier to provide support or assistance in modifying device software. As a point of legal clarification I think it sounds great but I think there would be little practical impact. Replying to myself to point out that Jimbo addressed this concern directly here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/User_talk:Jimbo_Wales#An_updat... We're talking about ads right now. The fundamental flaw of the DMCA is that it does not provide a mechanism for handling sites that exist outside U.S. legal jurisdiction (but of course are just as easily reached by U.S. citizens). There is a volume problem with the DMCA, as earbit notes, but I tend to think that that is solvable with software. But when a site sits on a fat pipe in the Ukraine, serving up every movie made in the last 10 years for free, there is currently nothing in the DMCA or other U.S. law that can do anything about it. It's worth pointing out that in general, people still have to pay for transportation even though the buggy whips are gone. The argument here is whether in general, people still have to pay for music. I think Citizens United was decided correctly, and while I support stronger protection of IP, I think SOPA is written too broadly. I see a big distinction between putting out an original movie that mentions a candidate (the issue in Citizens United) and building a website to distribute other people's movies (the issue in SOPA). Edit to clarify: distribute other people's movies without their permission. I could make an argument that it is transparency itself that is helping to erode that distrust, as each side seizes on (and/or misrepresents) details to portray the other side as corrupt. When in fact most legislative fights are simply translations of differences of opinion into the legislative realm. Accusations of corruption are a common framing argument; if I can get you to believe that my opponent is corrupting the system, I can make you believe almost anything about the issue or their point of view. This is much harder to do if both sides negotiate privately and then jointly present a compromise. As someone who has interacted with the government quite a bit,I think your post comes across as ignorant. I don't mean that in an insulting way, but rather simply that it's obvious you have not interacted with the offices of your federal elected officials much. There is a major difference between the bureaucracies of the executive agencies (think DoD $100 hammers), and the political and office staff of members of Congress. Political campaigns are basically startups, and most campaign and Congressional office staff are in their 20s or 30s. They are not scared of technology, and (especially in the House), they are intensely focused on competing every day. On the other hand, realize that they are working within a system of government whose #1 goal is to make sure that every law gets fully considered. It's built slow on purpose. The value of this is evident every time an opposition is able to slow down or stop a bad law. If you actually believe this then I would argue that you don't actually know how Congress works. There are numerous examples of citizen action overcoming superior funding on the other side; the entire environmental movement is one example. Along these same lines, I remember the fight over the DMCA. It's kind of funny to see the tech industry defending it so strongly today. There was a while there when it was probably the most hated law on the web. That part about them hand-illustrating in 3D was a joke. They show one guy working on the red version and one on the blue, side by side. There's no way they could do that precisely enough to actually produce a 3D image by hand. It betrays a fundamental misunderstanding of the traits related to cognition. Our "selfish genes" do not tell us how to think; instead cognition represents a delegation of authority from the genes to the carrier. We are attracted to porn, yes, but we are also aware that we are attracted to porn. Thus as some citizens descended into opium stupor, others observed that descent and made conscious choices to avoid it. As a result, human society did not devolve into one big opium den. Just like it will not devolve into one big World of Warcraft game. The real reason we have not heard from aliens is that the distances are physically impossible to bridge. This is a very important clarification because I think many folks believe that if they can hammer on the specific failings of SOPA, they will somehow "win." Fact of the matter is that IP issues on the Internet are not going to go away, because a lot of big companies believe their businesses are being harmed. So the long-term view is that the SOPA fight is just one piece of a long negotiation. This particular story is not about SOPA, it's about one company attacking another company for their business. This is a PR bonanza for Namecheap and they are going to ride it for as long as they can. Who uses email as the primary key for a CRM? What if a customer changes their email address? I have a hard time believing that kids or old people have never seen ads online before, and would be so easily confused. Even so, it is a problem that could be well addressed by the design of the ad space. It's much more difficult to detect and evaluate bias within the text of an article. There is plenty of this on Wikipedia now, usually because of partisan or ideological edit wars on lightly read articles. And it's getting worse as more and more barriers are erected to casual or first-time editors. It is almost impossible right now for someone viewing an article for the first time to improve it, even with cited sources. Regardless of quality, the changes are frequently reverted quickly by a bot or someone squatting the article. To get a significant addition or change to "stick" requires a large time investment and knowledge of the arcane rules of appeal within the growing Wikipedia bureaucracy. Result: most people don't bother. This, to me, is a much larger problem of bias than what you describe. I actually think ads could help this problem by decoupling the content from the money. Right now a relatively small group of people are the most powerful editors AND the largest donors. Wikipedia is at risk of becoming captive to a set of people who think it is "theirs." It is naive to think that money is the only conflict of interest. Wikipedia is rife with ideological conflicts of interest now, and much of the growing edit bureaucracy is designed to protect these conflicts of interest. NPR makes most of its money from private foundations and corporate sponsors, both of whom it acknowledges by name on the air. That is a type of ad. Wikimedia Foundation could raise a ton of money if they just did something like this. "I'm even more excited about seeing a $25 mobile device that has access to a killer web browser and endless mobile apps, and watching that device appear in the hands of a billion school children over the next 10 years." I would be excited to see that too. Can anyone point me towards such a device? "What Nokia did for the mobile phone, Android is doing for the smartphone." I don't see how, because Nokia is a hardware manufacturer who actually makes phones, and Android is just an operating system. It seems to me the hard part of getting to the $25 unlocked price point is the hardware, not the OS. Android is not even the only open-source phone operating system--how about Meego, created by (aptly) Nokia, and hosted by the nonprofit Linux Foundation? Android is a cool product, but I have a hard time swallowing the self-congratulatory posturing. So far Android has not done a single thing for the 3rd world poor. As far as I can tell, so far all it has done is provided the skeleton for a bunch of proprietary implementations by first-world hardware manufacturers and mobile operators. Nuclear war isn't the sort of thing that usually produces winners. I have a hard time seeing Google in particular starting a nuclear war over this. They value relationships with big content providers and have done a lot to build them. If a drastic action leads content providers to pull out of YouTube, Google Music, Google TV, etc., it would hurt Google quite a bit. Users care a lot less about YouTube than they care about what they can watch on YouTube, and the most popular videos are "official" music videos. It is rare that huge consumer companies allow legislative fights to spill over and impact their core business. It usually just annoys customers rather than generating any sort of meaningful grassroots bump. Richard Feynman never said anything about SOPA and I find it distasteful to try to leach off his name this way. > Internet companies have made billions of dollars in an unregulated market but have not paid off Congressmen/Senators through campaign contributions, lobbyists, creation of significant PACs, 527 committees -- things which all appeal to a politician's self-interest. This is completely false; Internet companies are regulated by the DMCA, which provides them safe harbor from private lawsuits related to copyright infringement. If the DMCA did not exist, they would have been sued into oblivion by the content companies long ago. There are a lot of reasons to oppose SOPA but let's not pretend that the Internet is unregulated. So do we just invoke "SOPA" for any little hiccup now? Spam blacklists are not exactly a new issue on the Internet. Big music labels exist because most musicians don't want to run a business, they want to make music. The label handles the business stuff for them. If musicians do want to run a business, copyright protections will help them just like they will help a major label. Ani Difranco started and built her own label by selling recordings. In situations like that (or Dischord, or Fat Wreck Chords, or Epitaph, etc.), copyrighted recordings actually helped musicians thrive outside the major label system. Major labels are much better equipped today to deal with piracy than small independent labels. These days they just do "360 deals" where they guarantee themselves a cut of everything--concert revenues, merchandise, sync licensing (e.g. TV ads). Creating digital copies is not free. It requires computing resources, connectivity, and electricity, all of which we pay for. I don't think the issue of digital copying is as revolutionary as we all like to think it is. I think we can look at it as another step on the long trek of using automation to reduce content production costs--a trek which began with the advent of the printing press. That was when the legal concept of copyright originated--which, for historical context, was the time of Newton. If you had a printing press back then, the cost of reproduction was reduced essentially to the commodity costs of paper and ink, plus the time to configure the copying. Fast forward to today. If you have a computer, the cost of reproduction has now been reduced to the commodity costs of electricity, fractional hard drive cost, and bandwidth, plus the time to configure the copy. Granted, those costs are way, way lower than a printing press 300 years ago. But to me at least that seems like a matter of degree than some fundamental difference. The answer is obviously (a). But Rick Santorum is hardly "one of the best-known national Republican figures of the last 30 years." I'd put on that list people like Reagan, George HW Bush, George W Bush, Cheney, Powell, McCain, Limbaugh, Gingrich, etc. That fact that you'd even think to put Sen. Santorum in that company inclines me to question your judgment. Santorum is a 2-term Senator who ran poorly for president a couple times, and who was made mildly more famous due to a minor controversy. He's like the Gary Hart of the GOP. > Google most assuredly does have signals as to which of the results on that first SERP are the ones users are actually looking for. Yes, and the spreading santorum site is the first result. So unless you have some actual counterproof, I think the reasonable assumption is that Google is giving the people what they ask for, as usual. Especially since Bing returns the same top result. Anyway, the whole thesis of this thread is factually wrong, since the top result today on Google for "santorum" is actually the Iowa caucus results table from the Associated Press. So Google has, in fact, manually inserted a search result in response to the surge in interest in Santorum the candidate. (Bing, by the way, has not.) It's of concern to us because we like the parts of Iranian society you mention, and we'd like them to succeed. This action will most likely harm them. The hyperbole around this law is getting irritating. Congress can't restrict First Amendment rights online any more easily than they can in print; laws cannot override the Constitution. Look, either you believe the Constitution limits the powers of the government, or you believe it doesn't. If it does, then SOPA would be subject to those limitations as much as any printing press law would (the example to which I was responding). If it doesn't, then why does SOPA matter at all? The government could just shut down websites left and right tomorrow regardless of what the law says. Only a truly stupid person would run for political office in search of financial gain. The level of work is extremely high (hours like a startup) but the amounts of money are small. For instance the average House campaign is just a bit over $1 million, and that funds dozens of people working very long hours for almost a year. Compare to capital funding or revenue levels in business. People willing to work that hard could make a lot more money in almost any industry. As hokey as it sounds, people get involved in politics because they want to change the world. It is the natural end result of activism like we are seeing around SOPA. It's possible that at some point, someone fighting SOPA will decide to work for a candidate or run for office themselves. At that point they'll need to start raising funds. Will that corrupt them automatically? I don't think so. It's actually not incompatible with SOPA. The bill demands that ISPs block DNS routing for certain domains. Returning no response to a DNS request would not break DNSSEC. It would just look like that site did not exist. Some people have proposed that instead of blocking DNS, ISPs should redirect a DNS request. That would be incompatible with DNSSEC--but that requirement is not in the bill. No, it's not. It might be immune from the DNS blocking but that is only part of the bill. The other part provides a process for content owners to issue "takedown" orders to ad and payment processors who do business with companies like TPB. No surprise: if people want something, and you lower the price, they will usually consume more of it. That might lead to greater profits if the growth in sales volume exceeds the reduction in profit margin. Or it might not. That relationship is called the price elasticity curve; every product has a different shape and optimization point. Learning the shape, and picking the optimization point, is a huge part of selling something. But the key point is that it is the right of seller to place themselves on that curve. LogMeIn Ignition is $30 in the iOS App Store. Obviously they would sell more copies if it was 99 cents, but they've chosen their pricing strategy. Does the mere existence of greater demand make it ok for people to pirate that software instead? I don't think it does. It's obviously true that there is not a 1:1 relationship between piracy and lost sales. But it's also not a 0:1...some pirated copies are in fact lost sales. And, what's lost in talking about this equivalence (or lack thereof) is the damage to the pricing strategy of the seller--even the copies they do sell will necessarily be lower on the price elasticity curve because piracy increases the volume. It's true that people are more creative in private than they are in public. But, that is why brainstorming sessions are so useful. Brainstorm sessions might surface creativity that has already happened. If you ask a group, "What are some product ideas we haven't considered?", there's a chance that some people have been independently thinking about new products, but wouldn't have thought to propose them. Or they can serve to direct/request creativity. If you ask "What are some product ideas we haven't considered?", people who had not been thinking about new products, might start. It gives them something to think about on the drive home or in the shower. I've received some great ideas via email a few days after the actual session. I would bet a lot of money that every single one of those photos and video clips was properly licensed by Apple. It's not even that complicated a commercial for that sort of thing--compare to the first iPhone ad, which probably had 2-3 times as many copyrighted clips: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nyYloJyq9M That's not really the way the harm actually plays out. The free rider problem generally won't affect entities that are very large, rich, and established. Microsoft has a ton of profitable relationships that won't just go away. Besides, they have so much money in the bank that they could easily fund the development of Windows 9 even if they did not receive a penny of revenue from Windows 8. Likewise, Radiohead is not checking the latest rates of piracy before deciding whether to put out another album. They have a big enough fan base that it doesn't really matter. But, if the free rider problem is bad enough it harms the ability of new entities--who do not have deep cash reserves or established relationships--to grow large enough to challenge the incumbents. To go from garage to professional success means making enough sales to either bootstrap or convince investors to buy in. If most customers are taking the product and not paying, that obviously is going to be a lot harder to do. I would put your position into the "clearly less informed" camp, sorry. Copyright originally was created as a legal concept shortly after the invention of the printing press* because individual small printers were making and selling copies of other people's books. At that time (about 400 years ago), there were no "well capitalized industrialists." The industrial revolution had not even happened yet, and the few corporations that existed at all were captives of the sovereign rulers who created them. In addition, from the very beginning, copyright was an individual author right that accrued to people, not companies. That is how it was enshrined in the U.S. Constitution for instance, although at that point in time it was already an old concept. The idea that it has always been (or is even today) a matter of industrial law is not accurate. > In truth, copyright law - as it exists - is fundamentally and irredeemably incompatible with a democratic society in which citizens have the power to duplicate and distribute at virtually no cost. This is the exact opposite of how public policy works. It is the very ease of copying that creates the need for a legal framework to regulate it. Before the printing press existed, copyright did not exist either--because it was not needed. In a free society where copying is free, the most precious thing is original throught, original opinion, original content. That is the last true scarcity, and must be protected. Otherwise how are we to distinguish one citizen from another? * BTW it is worth spending some time reviewing the history of the printing press and the impact it had on the world. I would argue that it was much more of a revolution than the Internet has been so far, although of course the Internet is still in its early stages of development. No. In fact, it would be a violation of federal law for Congress to interfere in a Justice Department investigation in the way this story describes. Well you've obviously got a better working grasp of names and dates than I do, but I think you're mistaking precision for accuracy. The Statute of Anne vested the copy monopoly explicitly in the author. Prior to that, guild members had the exclusive "right" to "copy" a manuscript, yes--but first they had to individually purchase the license to do so, from the author. This is what I mean when I say that copyright (in the modern, IP sense) ultimately accrued to the author. There was not much time following Gutenberg when it was legal for printers to copy whatever the heck they wanted. Recognition of authorship was a social norm that predated the printing press, and was very soon incorporated into the regulation of the new technology. To return to my broader point, try this thought experiment. Take snapshots of copying technology and IP law at 50 year intervals up to today. It doesn't matter if you start at 1450 or 1709. What you will find is that over time the marginal cost of copying has declined, and the legal protection of an author's IP has strengthened. Yet you're trying to argue that for some reason that trend will suddenly reverse. I don't see why it would. But I like to watch movies. I think a lot of movies are great--great enough to pay for them. Why should I shoot myself in the foot to keep someone else from shooting me in the foot? This idea that the root cause of all bad legislation is political donations: it's wrong, and not supported by the data. The vast majority of political donations are made by people who are not lobbyists. No one raised more political money in the history of this nation than Barack Obama during his presidential campaign, and the letter from his administration helped kill the bills. How about Rep. Issa and Sen. Wyden? Guess what, they got into office by spending donated money as well. The problem isn't money, the problem is engagement. The tech industry, particularly on the Internet entrepreneurial side, has long prided itself on staying out of Washington. Well, now we see the consequence of that approach: it took a last-minute emergency OMG shitstorm to stop some bills--bills that could have easily been shaped, adjusted, or stopped much earlier if the industry had been engaged and paying attention. The U.S. government is participatory. It will respond to citizen wishes, but only if citizens actively and continuously make their wishes known. And it is inclusive. No matter how much you might think copyright should end, or that the MPAA should just go away forever and die, there are enough people who disagree with you that it's just not going to happen. Internet companies and advocates need to get comfortable with continuously engaging content companies in the legislative process, seeking common ground, and compromising. IP law is not a winnable war. It is an ongoing negotiation that must be managed forever. A large portion of the work in the TV and film industries are not wage or salary jobs, they are contract gigs. Political campaigns are not, in the broader context of the U.S. economy, that expensive. The average cost of a winning House campaign in 2010 was less than $1.5 million. The max limit on a personal donation to any federal political campaign is $2,500. These are numbers that are pretty small compared to the value and salaries generated in either the entertainment or tech industries. The difference is that the entertainment industry has developed the culture and institutions to direct some of their value toward political activities. The tech industry largely has not. Joel's idea of free political advertising on tech properties could be problematic because advertising, even if freely given, has an economic value. Corporations are expressly forbidden from donating money to federal political campaigns, so this whole idea might be squashed by the FEC. Consider how long it takes to make a movie sometimes. The Tolkien estate realized quite a bit of value on the Lord of the Rings copyright via the Peter Jackson films, several decades after it had been written (not sure of the exact timing of the various payments). Now--is that a good argument for such a long copyright period? I don't think so. I think the only time copyright should survive the author's death is if they have kids who are not yet adult. Non-profits are corporations too; they are also forbidden from donating to political campaigns. If you created a PAC, then you could solicit donations from individuals and spend it on whatever candidates you, the PAC director, chose. But, PAC contributions and distributions are also pretty strictly limited: $5,000 per person, and $5,000 per candidate, respectively. Political parties can spend a lot more money, but only on candidates who are members of the same party. So for instance if you started the Internet Party, you couldn't give much money to a politician who is a declared Democrat or Republican. Sure, or the Internet companies could just make their own ads supporting each candidate, and run those. For instance Google could create ads telling voters to vote for Sen. Wyden and pre-roll them before every YouTube video served to Oregon. "Super PACs" can spend freely on their own political speech (i.e. their own ads). Legally, they can't give money directly to candidates or even coordinate with them. Only traditional PACs can do that. Giving ad time or ad space directly to candidates, as Joel proposes, would violate that rule--even if it was done by a Super PAC. However nothing would stop a Super PAC, or even the tech companies themselves, from creating their own ads supporting candidates, and running them on their own sites. (as long as they are not coordinated with the campaign) In case it wasn't clear above, I totally agree with you. If we could ever get copyright shortened I would expect a surge of creative output. "A solution is for the Internet industry to start giving free advertising to political campaigns on our own new media assets... assets like YouTube that are rapidly displacing television. Imagine if every political candidate had free access (under some kind of "equal time" rule) to enough advertising inventory on the Internet to run a respectable campaign." From the second sentence, it seemed to me that he was talking about companies directly giving advertising inventory directly to candidates. But now reading it again, it is a bit ambiguous. The PAC intermediary you describe would work legally, but it wouldn't be able to allocate much ad inventory to each candidate, since the most a PAC can give to each candidate is $5,000 aggregate per election cycle. I know you guys are in startup mode, but I hope you have retained a lawyer to advise and, if necessary, defend you. Lobbying is highly regulated and violations can result in federal prosecution. Just by paying a lobbying firm you will have to register with various federal agencies and report on the activities you fund. I don't see how the rules of society are an "arbitrary set of choices." The process of making law is not arbitrary; it's a conscious, directed process. I thank many of the people in power do recognize the issues, which is why transforming education has become such a hot focus lately. Broad advances in education were essential in allowing the "average" person to find employment in an industrial society; the modern average person is far, far more educated than they were 500 years ago when most average people were illiterate and farmed for a living. We will need a new transformation in education to allow future average people to find good work within an information-based economy. This means, for example, that the average person might be able to program computers at an average level in the future. Can't developers load their own apps directly onto their own device, without going through the App Store approval process? I think Apple even provides a mechanism for corporations to deploy private apps directly to large numbers of iOS devices, without traversing the App Store. You can do that now with camping water filters from companies like First Need or PUR. > Twitter is censoring users at the behest of their governments. They don't have to. They do have to. That is a special feature of governments: they can compel compliance. Sure: Twitter could just leave Germany. But does that end the censorship? No. It's still there; the only difference is that Twitter is gone. Good for Twitter's moral superiority, bad for everything else. And let's not kid ourselves about how important Twitter, Facebook, and Google are. German restrictions on Nazi-related speech have been around long before the Internet and Twitter. They are not likely to end because of these companies. Companies like these are only important to the extent that they empower individual people. To the extent they've assisted social change, like in Arab states, they've done it by being in-country and available to citizens. Not by pulling out in protest. Laws are changed by people, not by tools. If the people have tools, but don't use them to change the law, that's the people's fault--not the tool. Folks can design images in WYSIWYG tools like Photoshop because the output standards are much more stable and consistently implemented than HTML + CSS + JS. Every OS, browser, image viewer, etc. will render a JPG, GIF, or PNG almost exactly the same. But give them all the same HTML, CSS, and JS, and you might get very different results--especially if you are trying to make use of the coolest new features. Basically, hand-coding is the price we all pay for an industry that is innovating its technology so quickly. Amen. Without a robust delivery testing program, there's no way to know whether emails are actually landing in the inbox of actual users. 37signals has an easier time of it because the vast, vast majority of their emails are transactional, so users will pipe up and complain if they are not getting them. Marketing emails are a lot harder to troubleshoot. And before the masses get up in arms about spam, when I say "marketing" I am talking about even the most compliant, user-friendly, double-opt-in email campaigns. Even if people happily sign up for your emails, that doesn't mean they will tell you if they stop receiving them. In this case Congress killed the bills first, then Dodd said his members were unhappy and might not give any money to politicians who jumped off the SOPA ship. That seems more like your first chain than your second. I would respectfully ask: what problem? The tech community got exactly the outcome it wanted, didn't it? These types of services are offered by a lot of credit cards these days. Just have to call up customer service and talk to them about it. What about Facebook is not open? Facebook.com can be reached from any computer with an Internet connection. The content is standards-compliant HTML, CSS, and Javascript, delivered via standards-compliant TCP/IP. Anyone can create an account. Anyone can interact with anyone else, provided they mutually agree to do so. The content is not indexable by search engines--true. But, while that is obviously a problem for search engine companies, that doesn't mean it's not "open." In terms of getting data out, I had every piece of data I entered into Facebook before I entered it. I have my personal info. My photos and videos were on my cameras, phones, or computers before I uploaded them. The links I posted were in my browser history first. My comments were in my head before I typed them out. Sure I don't have an easy way to export my friends' data, but that is not my data--it's theirs. Anyway if they are really my friends I can just ask them for their email address or phone number or whatever. What am I missing? Facebook is a website that requires authentication to use certain features. So is scobleizer.com. It's interesting to reread The Diamond Age in the context of the recent fights over IP. When manufacturing is almost free, what gives one object value over another? Its design and software--the IP. In TDA, stealing IP was how smaller organizations competed with and disrupted larger more established ones. No organization in the world is larger and more established than the U.S.--hence the increasingly strong efforts of the U.S. government to defend IP. By default, all speech is presumed to be permitted under U.S. law. The First Amendment, and related court cases, concern the power of the government to limit speech--not the right of free speech itself. So, to make the case that anonymous speech is not a right in the U.S., you would need to show a case where the Supreme Court specifically ruled that the government may limit anonymous speech. I'm not aware of any such case. It's free speech both ways. The troll is free to post nasty stuff on the web, and other people are free to tell his acquaintances that he did it. The robots in Asimov's stories don't much resemble computers as we know them--they're more like characters. His computers tend to be massive centralized things, as computers were in his day. Compare to the pocket computers in The Mote in God's Eye, which are eerily similar to today's smartphones. Niven apparently thought the idea was one of the most fantastical aspects of the book. Not to be pedantic, but Vevo would not face criminal charges for showing one stream to a few people at a bar. To create criminal liability they would need to be infringing on a commercial scale--like Frontrow.tv and TuTele.tv do by hosting the streams with ads next to them. Vevo would be open to civil liability but it is up the copyright holder to decide whether it's worth pursuing. It's not just a question of legal/illegal. Some things that are illegal are not criminal--they create civil liability instead. If you lose, you owe money but you don't go to jail or have a criminal record. Have any individuals been criminally prosecuted for their personal BitTorrent use? I've read a lot of stories of people being sued, but I can't remember a story of criminal prosecution. I guess it would be possible if the prosecutor could make the case that BitTorrent is a form of distribution, and the amount meets the criteria in the law: http://www.copyright.gov/title17/92chap5.html#506 I was talking about this story with a guy I know who is a lawyer specializing in IP. It didn't seem to me like it would rise to criminal prosecution and he agreed. Whether it arguably could be or not, I think we both know this is never going to be prosecuted, which is why I agree with grellas' take on it. (edited to fix grammar) MG is right that much of what gets written in blogs and the press is BS. That's a truth that is not confined to technology. And of course to MG it seems like "it's getting worse"--from his perspective it is, because he is crossing over to the other side of the information asymmetry. It is an asymmetry that is purposefully and carefully maintained by businesses and investors. MG himself could help better "align the sides" by simply publishing or sharing this new info he is privy to. But he won't. So I hesitate to lay all the blame at the feet of bloggers and journalists. They are doing the best they can with the info they scrounge up or are given. Daniel Ellsberg's meditation on the limits of knowledge is applicable to this type of situation IMO. http://motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2010/02/daniel-ellsberg-li... It's a tradeoff. If you want general-public-scale levels of traffic, you will be subject to the general public's social norms or face their wrath. The general public did not use Usenet; the audience size was small, relative to what we see today on the WWW. Same goes with most personal blogs. And back when Reddit was not well known, they did not have to have a policy like this. I don't think centralization has anything to do with it--if your public blog suddenly got as popular as Reddit, I bet it too would be the subject of campaigns about its content. Dan Lyons is afflicted with the combination of being a very talented writer, but a terrible journalist. He's late to a lot of stories--I mean, he's JUST NOW writing about Arrington's conflicts?? And, he's frequently 180 degrees wrong about the stories he does cover--see his coverage of SCO for the most infamous example. I remember my reaction when it was revealed that Dan was behind the Fake Steve Jobs blog. It was approximately, "Huh? Who's that?" And every time I read a non-Fake-Steve-Jobs piece from Dan I am reminded of why I had that reaction. The guy is just not a good tech journalist. He's an incredibly entertaining writer though. I wish he would take his talents south and put out a sitcom or movie or something creative. Silicon Valley is not the greater public, it is a collection of very talented, motivated, rich people. It could be very influential in Washington, but until recently has chosen to avoid it instead. But in this story, the author did cite actual sources but was still reverted by page-watchers. I'm not sure where you're getting your definition. It's not how Wikipedia itself describes encyclopedias. In fact the term "secondary sources" does not appear in that article at all. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Encyclopedia In contrast, this sentence does appear: "The second half of the 20th century also saw the publication of several encyclopedias that were notable for synthesizing important topics in specific fields, often by means of new works authored by significant researchers." Pretty sure the "now" sentence is a veiled reference to the passing of Steve Jobs. (edited since I accidentally a word) It just means they have not been asked to identify an actual person for an actual case. I would not take this as proof that Epson (or any other company not on this list) printers are free from the ID dots. The .com domain would be within reach of law enforcement no matter what country houses it. It's not a choice of "U.S. or nothing", it's a choice of "which nation do you want to regulate .com". The U.S. is certainly not perfect, but it has accessible and transparent legislative and court systems, and the strongest Constitutional protections for free speech in the world. It has an open and liberal trade policy and it welcomes and protects foreign direct investment. And it is large enough to set its own course on the world stage--no other nation holds much leverage over it. There are a lot of good reasons to leave Internet governance in the U.S. Exactly. My impression is that the U.N. negotiations are largely noise, since nations will regulate things as they please within their own borders anyway. Of course it is never going to stop coming. That does not mean that all is lost though. The Internet as we know it today did not grow up in unregulated anarchy, it was purposefully structured this way by government action (as the article points out). That is proof that governments, given the right inputs, can get things right when it comes to the Internet. If you're fearful of what the government might do next, the thing to do is engage and influence the government to get it right again--not despair and dream of revolution. Plausible deniability is needed when you want to hide your role in something. Since I'm not sharing kiddie porn, I have actual deniability. No TOR traffic needed. I think that is alarmist in the context of this conversation. Google is not 2 people watching me sleep, shower, drive, date, make love, etc. It is software that stores and analyzes data that I choose to send to it. I choose to send my search terms to Google because I value the responses I get from Google; this strikes me as a voluntary exchange of value between two parties, not Big Brother from 1984. The Abstruse Goose comic is much more applicable to pervasive government surveillance. To the extent that I fear that the government would get its hand on Google's cache of data about me, I blame the government, not Google. I think if people spent as much time focusing their attention elected officials as they spend on hand-wringing about Google, we'd probably have better laws. (edited for grammar) Now the security of your backups is completely dependent on the construction of the append-only interface. Are you 100% certain it can't be compromised or permission-escalated? I think the best approach is to answer the question honestly. No good manager is under the illusion that they are getting Superman when they are interviewing you. They know that everyone has strong and weak points, and being honest about what you are and are not good at helps ensure that the position will be a good match. If you don't know what your weaknesses are, ask your current and past supervisors and coworkers. You should probably do this anyway from time to time. AdSense detection is not done on the client side. AdSense knows which ads to serve on which page because it leverages the search index cache and content analysis of that page. In the same way, Google serves contextual ads in Gmail by indexing the content of each email as it comes in. Of course, every other major public email provider in the world stores email in plaintext too, do I don't get how this is a knock against Google specifically. A surprising number of people, even within the technology field, don't like change that disrupts their personal habits. Hence the constant low-intensity warfare over the various Linux distros and interfaces. In this case a lot of folks are getting emotionally involved because this story serves as proof that electric cars can't be maintained with the exact same habits that an ICE car is maintained. Habits are a personal things, and can be difficult to change. A lot of people will fight to preserve them rather than adapt them. Totally agree, and I'll add that in my experience non-scientists frequently conflate "reproducible" with "verifiable". Simply downloading a data set and code, and rerunning it, is not really a scientific endeavor. To verify a scientific conclusion, other scientists need to design and run their own, independent experiments aimed at testing the same hypothesis. That said, it seems true that open source code can go a long way toward making that possible by reducing ambiguity about what, exactly, was being tested, and how. Really? Maybe it depends on the specialty, because every single company I know that works with Drupal has more work than they can handle and is hiring developers. I work very hard, including overtime. I'm salaried and I don't have profit sharing or equity--because I work for a nonprofit. However, my excellent performance at my job has resulted in promotions that have more than doubled my salary since I was hired. So to me it seems that my hard work did result in career development. Aren't there two elements to the question of jurisdiction here? The fact that .com is managed by Verisign is one (on which this article focuses), but the other is that Bodog was executing financial transactions with residents of Maryland. Thus, by doing business in the state, they expose themselves to that state's jurisdiction. The big question is whether U.S. jurisdiction can extend beyond U.S. based border based solely upon the fact that Verisign is located in the U.S. For instance, if a Canadian set up a .com gambling site, but only did business with other Canadians, could MD prosecute the site owner based on MD state laws against online gambling? I would guess no. But I'm not a lawyer. Perhaps my understanding is wrong, but I thought Verisign is the only registrar and operator for .com domains--other registrars like GoDaddy or this Canadian company simply resell Verisign registrations, which they get at a wholesale price. Thanks. "Sure it hurts at first but like a child living in a warzone you normalize to it eventually and learn to live with it. The best part of depression is that you feel like you are seeing the world for what it really is, gone are the happy hormones that force the oppression of hope on you , gone are the dreams and fantasies that you know aren't ever going to come true. There's a beauty to it. You feel awake." Emphasis mine, obviously. This is why people are giving you that reaction. If you have replaced the "you"s with "I"s it would have been more obvious that you are being descriptive rather than prescriptive. VCs care about future ROI, specifically the exit. Stack Overflow needs revenues only to the extent that they enable a big exit. They might not need to be huge if the exit is a sale to a bigger company interested mostly in the traffic (see: YouTube). Folks should not downvote Eric just because he's from EE. He's adding substantively to the discussion. Is this really news to anyone? I remember the announcement of the 1997 investment. The press statements and coverage at that time said that the investment was one aspect of an agreement to settle all IP-related claims between the two companies. http://news.cnet.com/2100-1001-202143.html With an iPad and keyboard you can turn the iPad vertical for some uses, horizontal for others. I think Hacker News strikes people as negative because a wide diversity of opinions occur here. Like all online communities it is self-selected, but in this case only really along one criteria--coding. All the other bases for affiliating with other people (politics, ideology, opinion, location) can vary widely. Whereas, social network communities like Twitter and Facebook are self-selecting along any number of criteria--political, personal, ideological, local, employer, etc. As a result, I bet most people don't see as much diversity of opinion through their personal social networks as they do in single-issue dedicated online communities like HN. So, I'm not surprised that this author found a more positive response from Twitter, than he did from Hacker News. The people following him on Twitter are already people who have affirmatively chosen to hear what he has to say. The people here have not, so they are more likely to argue, point out flaws, etc. That can come across as negativity, sure--but is it? Is disagreement or challenge such a bad thing? Personally speaking, I think that one result of highly personalized social media networks is that it leads to segregation from opposing opinions or very different points of view. The result is, seemingly, less tolerance for those opinions or points of view. http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/news/2012/01/internet-awa... "That final version has been publicly available for months, but many ACTA opponents continue to focus on these deleted provisions in their arguments against the treaty." This article does not mention it at all, but Bodog.com was accepting online payments from residents of Maryland. That is how a MD state court was able to establish jurisdiction. Once that was done, they were able to take action against Verisign, a U.S.-based company. The world population growth rate is not exponential; in fact it has been declining for decades. It seems increasingly possible that the human population will stabilize or even decline in this century. Hipster fight! Just because someone is doing something, it doesn't mean that is what they are best at. Maybe this particular baseball player would be much better at being a lawyer. But he wants to play baseball--so there he is, struggling in Florida. How does one know what they are best at, anyway? I try to be reflective, and I ask people whom I trust what they think. Often the answers don't agree, or they reflect the subjectivity of each relationship (e.g. my lawyer telling me I'd be a good lawyer--but how would he know if I'd be a better cook?). Sometimes they are things that I actually don't like doing. So where does that leave me? In college I spent too much time playing around with the (newly created) World Wide Web instead of studying for my degree. I didn't exactly graduate with honors, but it doesn't matter since I ended up working on the web. So for me, there was a great career at the end of that particular rabbit hole. What's the point of having memory if the OS isn't going to use it? Most profitable? Citation needed. Profit margins are higher in the tech industry--companies like Microsoft, Apple, and Google all have higher margins than pharma. In terms of nominal profits, pharma does not come close to the oil and gas industry. Lessig does not make the case for why Goldman, in particular, was so harmed by the act of going public. The incentives he cites exist for all public companies, and many public companies have existed, and done good work, for decades. Speaking of which, before we talk about the incentives that led to Goldman's cultural decline, how about some objective confirmation that their culture has in fact declined? The article is in response to a single executive's published opinion. With LED backlighting, isn't most of the screen's power draw driven by the switching? And the iPad has a lot of pixels to switch--almost certainly more than your Dell laptop. I'm on the purchasing side and I can say that I've been turned into a customer during a sales process. I've called just to check things out and ended up a very happy customer. I think a lot of what people don't like about the "enterprise sales process" is actually just due to shitty salespeople--folks acting pushy, calling all the time, trying gimmicks, being stupid or uninformed, etc. In contrast, interacting with a good enterprise salesperson feels exactly like getting great customer service, only it begins before you've plunked down any money. The key to managing the sales cycle is to learn how to figure out early that you've got a shitty salesperson and either get a new one (if you really want the product) or get rid of them and find another option. You have to be willing to be firm, and maybe even a bit of a jerk sometimes. The illustration makes it easy to see how credit or gift cards benefit Starbucks' workflow, by removing the price interaction. Regulars with a card can just hand the card over with the order and payment is immediately processed. This removes the round trip around price. There is strong demand for developers in the Washington, DC area as well. Marketplace is produced by American Public Media. http://www.marketplace.org/ There's probably a good argument to made that it could be higher. Their P/E is somewhere around 16, compare to around 20 for Microsoft. Does anyone really think Microsoft is going to grow faster than Apple in the near future? I think the recent stock bump has basically been the market realizing that despite growing very fast, Apple's stock price still hasn't kept up with real revenue growth. This is one reason I like the Mac UI -- every document/file is its own window by default, so it's easy to put things side-by-side, even across monitors. What people are replacing is their upgrade cycle: they buy an iPad instead of a new PC, and just hang on to the older PC for a while longer. Many of my non-techy friends are doing this. Water is free but it is still illegal to shoplift bottled water from the 7/11. Just like it is illegal to infringe copyright by redistributing songs without permission. And for the same reason. Try stopping into to some of those recording studios and having an in-depth conversation about how they're being impacted by online copyright infringement. I have, and while most accept it as a fact of life now, they will also explain how it is hurting their business and ability to make music professionally. > giving away CDs at shows to keep people coming to the next show No band in the world does this. They SELL CDs at shows, because it's one of the few ways they can generate enough cash flow to buy gas and food. For those wondering how this translates to the music industry, there are a few analogies. - Independent bands who sign corporate contracts--see The Roots. - Major labels who create teen brands like Justin Bieber or Selena Gomez. They don't care if you steal the music as long as you buy the t-shirt, buy the book, see the movie, come to the show, etc. - Sync licenses. More and more mid-level bands are depending on getting their songs into movies, commercials, tv shows, etc. to bring in revenue. This is another form of corporate funding. I don't think so, and here's why: we are post-scarcity when it comes to bottled water. You don't deprive any other 7/11 customer of bottled water when you shoplift, because 7/11 carries a lot of bottled water and has developed processes that ensure they never run out. You could probably shoplift all the bottled water you can carry, every day, and you still would not deprive another customer. 7/11 would simply keep shipping in more water so they would have product to sell. (Of course they would also get some cops in there to try and stop you!) Eventually, if they're not making enough money due to all the shoplifting, they might stop carrying bottled water. But that won't be because they ran out of supply; it will be because it's no longer profitable to do so. This is analogous to a movie studio deciding not to make or distribute certain kinds of movies anymore because it is no longer profitable for them. What about the store? Surely you're depriving them of the bottle of water, right? Again, not really. The store does not actually want to possess so many bottles of water--what they want is to make money by selling bottles of water. And if you look at the economics of the transaction, that's primarily what you're depriving them of. Let's say a bottle of water is priced at $1.50. 7/11, who buys in bulk and then marks up, probably paid $0.50 or less for that same bottle. Thus when you steal it, 66% of the harm is in foregone revenue! Only 33% of the harm is loss of property value. Again, this is analogous to copyright infringement, where the primary harm is foregone revenue, not deprivation of property. The difference is that there's not a big Twitter argument (that I know of anyway) by people who are offended by the Matthew McConaughey commercial. If there was, Dolce and Gabbana would have to deal with it, just like Geeklist is having to deal with this one. This is not exercise in defining objective rules about what "is" and "is not" sexist. Sexism is highly subjective, like most social topics. What matters is that a geek girl--supposedly the target audience for Geeklist--complained about a Geeklist video. Complaints about brand are not uncommon. If you manage a well-known brand they WILL happen, and there are good and bad ways to handle them. Getting the hackles up, subtly threatening the employment relationship, whining about being polite, are all bad ways to handle it. The lesson here is that defending a brand does not always mean getting defensive. Brand owners have to look at what is being attacked and decide how close it is to the core of the business. A t-shirt fashion shoot video is not the core of the Geeklist business model, so once it became a brand liability it needed to be cast off. An example of a brand attack that DID call for a head-on approach was the iPhone 4 antenna issue. Those complaints directly attacked a core feature of one of Apple's core products. Apple needed to go on defense because they could not just cast off the iPhone 4 hardware design without very serious financial damage. Brand owners also need to keep the personal and professional separate when their brand is under attack. Brands are created by a series of decisions. It is one or more of those decisions that are under attack, not the people who made them. In this case the issue was the decision to associate the Geeklist brand with this type of video. Decide whether or not that decision needs defending--don't mistake it for a personal attack. Before working online I was a manager in a specialty outdoor retail store. I spent a lot of time talking outdoor tech with company reps. Gore-Tex is not the most expensive because it is the most breathable fabric. There are plenty of others out there that are more breathable--heck Lowe Alpine was beating Gore-Tex breathability with their Triple Point Ceramic coating 15 years ago. Gore-Tex is the most expensive because they pay attention to ALL the details. For instance, as a membrane, Gore-Tex has to be glued to its face fabric. Coatings like polyurethane do not; they self-adhere. The type of glue, and how it is applied, makes a huge difference in the durability of a membrane-based waterproof fabric. Gore spends a ton of time and money on R&D around the gluing, which is why Gore garment manufactures must use Gore-approved seam taping machines. It's also why Gore can guarantee the fabric for life directly to the consumer. Gore also reviews and tests the design of every single piece of clothing or footwear that ships with the Gore-Tex hang tag. Every company who makes a Gore-Tex jacket must send copies of it to Gore, where it gets tested in rain chambers etc. If it does not past muster, the manufacturer has to make changes until it does. As you might imagine, this adds cost. But it also makes sure quality is high. This might not be as big a blow as folks might assume, because design patents are very specific. For instance the tablet in this video has a raised, seemingly plastic bezel framing the screen, while the iPad design patent specifies that the screen is covered with an edge-to-edge glass surface. It is that edge-to-edge glass that is a big part of Apple's suit. I won't claim I've done an exhaustive review, but I've glanced back at some older tablet concepts like the Apple "navigator" video, the Star Trek TNG PADD, and even the Newton and Palm and Windows Tablet designs, and every single one I've seen had a raised bezel framing the screen. The Samsung Galaxy tab has an edge-to-edge glass surface, not a raised bezel. Stupidly pedantic? Yes. That's pretty a good description of design "patents" in general IMO. Consider that "A Game of Thrones" was published 16 years ago, but its sales only really started taking off last year. I feel like it would be a shame if George R. R. Martin, who is still alive and writing the series, was getting absolutely nothing from this surge of interest. Some creative works simply take a while to get going in the culture. I don't think we should punish creative folks who are, for lack of a better term, "ahead of their time." Obviously this concept could be taken to an absurd extreme, but I would argue that 25 years is better than 14. It's at least closer to the duration of a full human generation. The word mark "Game of Thrones" is owned by HBO, not George R.R. Martin. One is not more simple than the other. People complain just because the behavior is different from Windows, which is what they are used to. Ha! "Study accidentally proves moon landings were faked." Obama came out of the 2008 campaign with a huge, well-segmented and highly targeted email list, and big numbers on social media. Many folks thought he was going to dramatically change Washington by coming into office with basically his own grassroots army. Yet, a year later he was struggling to get health care moving and the lists weren't helping. It turns out that no matter how good your DB is, people just don't get as excited for legislation and regulation as they do for a candidate. Ultimately politics is not about technology, it's about message. If the message is good, tech can help maximize the impact. If the message isn't good, tech can't save you. Visual interface won't work for this sort of thing. Glasses are too close to the eye and multitasking will require constant focus racking, which will tire the eyes and produce headaches. Elements displayed in stereo will require very precise calibration to the user's face geometry to prevent ghosting or eye strain. Elements displayed in one lens only will appear transparent. Even if the tech issues are solved perfectly, humans do not multitask visually when moving; this is why heads-up displays are not common in cars despite the technology being easy. It distracts more than it helps. HUD works in planes because there is no immediate danger of collision when flying, so pilots can focus just on the HUD for extended periods of time. Humans in motion multitask across senses, not within senses. Most people can walk and talk no problem--but walking and reading is a lot harder. So, the future of wearable computing is probably a wearable computer that listens and speaks. And it's here now: a smartphone with an earbud is a wearable computer, and it's proven successful in the marketplace. To be truly useful, it will need to volunteer interactions the way the Google glasses do--but to do that well, it will need to be listening at all times, and understand when information is welcome and/or needed. Right now that is not possible with current levels of battery and speech recognition technology. In the far, far future I could see visual communication multi-tasked into everyday life. It will take a lot of societal changes for that to happen though. I like the portrayal of "picting" in Greg Bear's EON series. Not to mention that he does not seem to understand the Google ad model. From the post: > Serve up bad results and the user must search again and this doubles the number of sponsored links you get paid for. Google gets paid when their search ads get clicked , not when they get displayed, so to maximize profit it is in their best interest to serve the absolute best results first. Apple already does this to some extent. But the issue is that they change their products frequently and sometimes abruptly, which can require changes to the components on short notice as well. In such situations, existing part inventories don't help no matter where they are carried. Instead what is needed is the shortest possible time lag between production of the revised component, and its arrival at the factory producing the final product. I'm not sure how closely you followed the auto "bailouts", but that is exactly what happened. Chrysler was sold to Fiat, and GM was put through an orderly bankruptcy that cancelled existing contracts and returned them to profitability. Government money was used essentially as bridge loans to maintain operations until these processes were completed. It is a good thing to have tech companies talking to content companies out of the glare of the press. They'll be more likely to understand each other and find common ground. Tech and content are not enemies or even competitors, they are inextricably linked pieces of the economy who must work together. That's why they fight so much; it's like brothers sharing a small room. By the same token, saying that one wants to block bad foreign websites is not the same thing as "voicing support for SOPA"--which is the connection the linked petition tries to make. And no surprise, since the SOPA protest was so huge. I expect every single IP-related issue to be called "SOPA" for the next couple years as a result. It has become a power word. I think folks need to understand what this bill is intended to do. When companies and governments detect and analyze intrusion attempts, they collect a lot of data. Currently they tend not to share that data with one another, for fear of opening themselves up to bad press, shareholder lawsuits, etc. As a result, a lot of easily preventable attacks work against company after company after company. The idea behind this bill is to create a safe way for companies to more easily share and learn, with a minimum of lag, about new attack vectors. A simple analogy might be to think of an immune system--it works best if the entire immune system goes on alert to fight each new infection (this is how vaccines work). The definitions in the bill seem overly broad, and the fears are that it will be used to collect and share personal info and user-generated content. These fears are legitimate, but I think it would be better to address these fears by narrowing the language rather than killing the bill. It's not SOPA in disguise. It's a cybersecurity bill that needs some work. Most bills that are introduced need work; that's why the Congressional legislative process is so complex and long. * Edit: for grammar Facebook wants better intel on new attacks as they happen. The same intrusion tactics that are tried against, say, Google or RSA, are used against Facebook. But right now Facebook would have no idea what those are until they hit, because there is no legal framework for sharing detailed network intrusion data, without risking legal liability. In addition the only government clearinghouse for this sort of data is US-CERT, which is so slow that its alerts are only good for nostalgic remembrances of attacks long past. The RSA -> Lockheed attacks were what led directly to this bill. That is why, for instance, the bill includes language on "intellectual property". The attackers were trying to steal design and software files from Lockheed, which could both be considered intellectual property. Personally I think they could drop that language from the bill entirely, since unauthorized network access is already a crime in the U.S. The private ownership of U.S. infrastructure is why this bill is built primarily around limitation of liability. The idea is that U.S. private companies will do a better job communicating with one another on cybersecurity if they don't have to worry about getting sued for admitting that they got attacked. Marx was wrong, and Marxism failed. A Chinese peasant who goes from earning 2 cents per day to earning 1 dollar per day has gained enormously, and they know it. That is why Foxconn sees so many applicants for their job openings. Capitalism is the system that produces such gains, and it's pulled far more people out of poverty than Marxism ever did. Consider that Facebook is probably how a lot of people find NY Times articles these days. 253.3 cm/s is the maximum men's walking gait, which probably looks something like this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2urNVmKnEaQ For comfy gaits, the study reported 127.2 cm/s for women (2.8 mph) and 146.2 cm/s for men (3.2 mph). That matches my own experience walking and hiking. I think you probably don't have a good sense of just how much energy walking and other continuous small movements burn. There have several studies that showed that even different amounts of fidgeting can result in significant differences in energy usage, which correlated closely with levels of obesity. "Overweight people have a tendency to sit, while lean ones have trouble holding still and spend two hours more a day on their feet, pacing around and fidgeting, researchers are reporting in findings published today. "The difference translates into about 350 calories a day, enough to produce a weight loss of 30 to 40 pounds in one year without trips to the gym - if only heavy people could act more restless, like thin ones." .... "The director of the study, Dr. James Levine, an endocrinologist and nutritionist at the Mayo Clinic, said the findings offered hope to overweight people, suggesting that relatively simple and painless changes in their daily behavior, like making an effort to walk more and ride less, could help control weight." Source: http://www.nytimes.com/2005/01/28/health/28weight.html I picked this one because it's the NY Times and Science, but there are numerous other sources available via Google. Articles like this seem to me like a good sign that we might be entering bubble territory. This is essentially saying, "hey everyone, time to cash in right now before the money dries up." Of course in that sentence "money" refers to capital, not revenues or profits. Such misplaced focus was the hallmark problem of the late 90's bubble. I went in all-in for that bubble and got 10 months of hope followed by 4 months of COBRA and unemployment, then another regular ol' job. But the opposite is also true--a charitable program can help attract the best employees if it is well-aligned with the type of people you want to hire. Patagonia's strong environmental commitment has helped them attract the best employees for their business, for instance. That commitment is solely Yvon Chouinard's decision since it is his company, but it's not inflicting anything on his employees--they love him for it. I think an argument can be made that the regulatory failure in the recent meltdown was more a failure to adapt regulations to changes in the financial markets, than it was a failure to uphold 1930s standards. In that context I think it is heartening that the JOBS Act passed. The outcomes remain to be seen, but it shows Congress can move quickly to adapt financial regulation. First of all, I totally agree with this and I too have been very disappointed by how the EFF, DemandProgress, and others have run their campaigns. > It reflects already- in- place common industry practice: providers are already sharing often-detailed information about attacks. I'm not surprised to hear that ISPs share info, but what about in the corporate space? Say, between JP Morgan Chase and Google, or between Facebook and Apple. My (limited) experience is that the broad sharing of detailed threat data are limited by fears of competitive intelligence and legal liability. Which would be why CISPA limits liability and puts the government in the role of a central clearinghouse. Site is not loading, which seems apt given the topic. :-) The profession of science is really, really hard, and generally does not pay well. But, when you learn something new in science, you have learned something that no one else knows, that is fundamental to the very structure of reality. To be a happy professional scientist, the emotional stimulus of that kind of discovery needs to be strong enough to carry you through all the hardship. It's not just "make sound investments," VC's need to make investments that will pay off big enough to meet their promised rate of return over the promised time horizon. (They are investing other people's money.) It's certainly possible for VC's to think that an idea has merit, but is not right for VC-type investment. Kickstarter allows time horizons and rates of return of arbitrary size. These guys now already have everything a business needs: capital and customers. Unless they commit outright theft there is no reason they can't succeed with this project. But there is also no requirement that they keep it going after their last investor gets his or her watch. They can just do it to the size needed to hit the natural demand, and then call it quits. You can't do that with VC money. WOW. That's a deal-breaker. It would be interesting to get the whole way through the new car negotiating process, then strike this line right before signing. What would the reaction be? How badly does the dealership want to sell that car? Probably not, since the point is to aid in accident investigation. Wouldn't want to give people the option to scrub incriminating evidence. I wonder how much data these devices can store...I doubt they're putting a 100GB HD in every car to create a full historical record. It seems to me that all you would need for accident investigations is a few hours prior. I didn't say that it would cost x sales in y time, or even that it would harm sales at all. My point is that it would be interesting to see the interaction between a car manufacturer's EULA, and a dealership's retail staff. I mean, do car salespeople even understand what a EULA is? It's not like selling Windows 7 in Best Buy. The cashier at Best Buy does not care whether I hate the EULA or buy Windows. The car salesperson probably cares very much about whether I buy the car, and they probably don't care much about some random EULA term. Granted: a bit off-topic perhaps. I would hope that such blanket permissions terms on sales contracts would be overridden by the protections written into the law. For instance I don't think health providers can undercut HIPAA protections no matter what their contractual terms say. Your story is the state of reality now for certain types of programming jobs. Here in DC there are plenty of government contractors who don't care how much demonstrated success a person has shown as a tech entrepreneur; they want a guy with a CS degree and 10 years enterprise Java experience ONLY. The folks who work these types of jobs are your classic middle-age engineers. They read a lot of documentation, have a lot of meetings, and don't much care about being agile or fast. The reason people here on HN are objecting to your story is that there are ALSO coding jobs for startups, PR firms, or consumer brands where they DO value entrepreneurship, speed, and creativity. And these types of jobs will never go away. Edelman or Nike is never going to convert their development shops to all CS Ph.D.s with 15 years experience optimizing compilers. They're always going to be building interesting interactive projects for major brands, so they need people who are always restlessly finding the next cool thing. So just make sure you always apply for the latter kind of coding job and you should be good.