Looking at the OPSkins website ( https://opskins.com ), they have authentication setup so people can login using their Steam account. I'm interested in creating a web app that allows auth via Steam account too, but I'm not seeing any docs about how to make that happen. Anyone know how that's done? [follow up edit] This seems to be it → https://steamcommunity.com/dev Looks like there's a Steam Web API that allow auth via Steam OpenID. Likely workable. :D Developers! Developers! Developers! Kinda thinking it might be beneficial adding this to the libgit2 project itself (eg via GitHub PR). Any objections to that? Just to point out... there's no capital G in PostgreSQL's name. It's either "PostgreSQL" or "Postgres". ;) Also to be super pedantic... it's SQLite, not SQLLite. ;) Definitely agree. The PostgreSQL Community began my serious involvement with Open Source Software, about 15 years ago. It's one of the best groups I've ever seen, due to their patience, friendliness, encouragement of others, and willingness to share info/experiences for mutual benefit. It doesn't hurt that being very good with PostgreSQL is useful on a CV too. ;) Audio very badly stutters here under Firefox on a reasonable spec Win 8.1 PC - 3.6GHz i3-4160 dual core, GTX 970, 16GB RAM. Not an award winning spec system, but for single threaded maximised games (most) it's more than decent. ;) For me, OSX was really good up until 10.6 as well. I used to use 12 or more virtual desktops at a time though (for mental separation), so the massive reduction from having 16+ available at any time to 5-6 without scrolling... massively killed my mental organisation. That one change has reduced my lack-of-distraction immensely. And now with notifications front-and-centre... that's just not understanding people who need to be focused and productive. :( Anyway, I've been trying out OpenBSD over the two weeks (using XFCE and -stable). It seems nice so far. Tried Lumina initially, but it just crashes for me very soon after launch. Also tried compiling -current a few times in the last few days, as I'd like try out stuff with the new vmm subsystem (and maybe make libvirt work), but it's failing to compile every time (bare metal and OSX Fusion). I'm obviously doing something dumb, and will hopefully figure it out later / gain-a-clue. :) Prob need to ask on IRC I guess. ;) Linux is absolutely a great thing for experimenting with, but once you're exposed to something that's planned/thought about... you get the sense it's an ever growing hodge-podge of utilities/functionality designed by people that don't really communicate with each other that well. Computers are growing more powerful, they should make our lives easier. That's not the direction Linux nor OSX nor Windows is going in the last few years. The BSD's each seem to take a more co-ordinated approach (better team communication?), so I'm personally hoping they do better over time. Try out the BSD's in a VM. Some of the command line utilities you're used to in Linux need different arguments, or aren't as feature rich. (I really miss tree mode in ps for example). But, in general the BSD's feel much better organised. Hope that helps. ;) Not the mountains I thought you were meaning. :p "... having worked for a short time at the Chattanooga Aquarium where he fed the sharks." That's also a line for people who died of shark attack. (ok, not Chattanooga Aquarium specifically) Just saying. ;) This article has the start of his journey... and he's 8 year into it now. But it gives no sense as to whether he's just breaking even, is killing it, or what? It wouldn't be that encouraging if after 8 years he's still struggling to make ends meet, whereas if he's killing things (in the positive sense), that's more inspiring. To me anyway. ;) And yet jolla.com has no mention of this (still encouraging buying), and neither does their blog. Um... wtf? Cool. It should be explicitly mentioned in the article though, not left for readers for wonder about and maybe figure out wrongly. ;) Tor is an amazingly good start :) to things. Tails seems to be decent as well. Hopefully there aren't other major vulnerabilities that turn up in it... but that's like wishing for a pink unicorn that er... expresses rainbows rearwards. :D Still doesn't seem that honest to potential customers. Trading when the directors know it's bankrupt is a big no-no legally isn't it? Hadn't thought of that. Thanks. :) The footer indicates REVSYS, but (in my opinion) that doesn't really say anything useful about what I'm meaning. The article itself would be better if it directly mentions this, so people can put it in context from that instead of having to guess. It's possible I'm being an idiot though. ;) "...iTunes in particular is becoming increasingly less about your music, and more about everything apple." This. 100 upvotes for this. If iTunes had a "local storage only" version, that doesn't share jack sh*t with Apple, doesn't potentially upload any sensitive info, doesn't try and force their crap onto people... (and the boundaries get moved with every single forced update!), that would be more than welcome. This is a huge pain point / bug bear for me at least. :( As a "general" kind of point, after using both *BSD or Linux for a few weeks, the BSD version generally feels better engineered. The command line utilities can be markedly different from the Linux version if that's what you're used to, but it's something that can be adapted to. This is a "general feeling" kind of thing though. It seems to be a common sentiment, but may not apply to everyone. YMMV etc. ;) One of the few(?) compelling arguments for cloud storage with no cave-in ability for law enforcement. :/ Kinda wondering if Yahoo's search traffic % would pick up if they do a u-turn into a "we don't track people" platform. eg DuckDuckGo or similar style. Being an actual trustworthy alternative to Google wouldn't hurt. ;) That being said, it seems like the opposite mentality of their current approach. They're not exactly building a trusted brand name for themselves. :( You can launch your games in Offline mode, which stops the need for having to go online/update/contact-the-Steam-servers-before-launch. It's not totally straight forward though. You need to unplug your network device (or turn off wifi, etc) so the initial startup times out, and gives you the option to use Offline mode. There might be a command line switch way to do that too, but I've never looked. ;) Thanks for mentioning this. Hadn't come across Affinity Designer before. Taking a look now, it seems good. Also seems like it would work with my old (mostly offline) macbook running 10.7.5. ;) Facebook is abusive of people's personal privacy, even though it is generally an effective tool for improving people's (layperson's?) communication. So, it's probably a better idea to approach it with a cynical perspective instead of an optimistic (naive?) one. It could turn out to not be estate-tax evasion... however it seems unlikely. Do you believe Google is or isn't a US company which would keep the most interesting stuff to itself/NSA/US-TLA's? Having Google audit the OpenSSL code is not really a problem... but believing them to do things for the benefit of anyone else isn't really feasible. They've shown themselves to be both good and bad actors on multiple occasions, so trying to pick which one this is... guesswork. :( Yeah, but you need to be connected online first for that. eg go through the whole "Steam starts, updates itself, etc". :) Please, re-read my question and think about it a bit. ;) 100,000ft isn't even close to Low Earth Orbit. Isn't calling that a "satellite" mis-representation? :( Guess it depends on the target audience. If you're launching cube-sat's to 100,000 ft for some pre-testing purposes, then "satellite" might make sense. eg environment testing of cube-sat's at 100,000 ft, as part of their dev cycle prior to real (rocket) launch Other than that though... "High-altitude balloon cube-sat", or "Atmospheric cube-sat" maybe? :) Shouldn't this have "(2015)" in the title? Maybe the further development of the LED tech could be useful for creating militarily useful lasers? Missing "(2011)" on the end of that title. :( Wonder how many of the layoffs will be from QA? Fusion 360 is the buggiest shipping product I've ever seen. Really hoping they don't lay off any QA staff. But, seeing the shipping product so far, I'm not optimistic. :( Exactly. Does anyone believe Autodesk won't pull an Oracle once they've transitioned their products to be Cloud only. I don't. :( Hopefully I'm wrong. :) Hopefully you've learned something important about not giving your login credentials for any service, to another service. ;) [And yeah, I'm aware of people doing this for other services too, eg financial account management. Expecting they'll become further anecdotes later one... :(] If you're one of the 135 people's lives they've wasted... you might take it a bit more personally. :D Yeah, I wish the language syntax in Sonic Pi was less Ruby, more Python. But, seriously disliking Ruby is just a personal hangup. ;) You're using GitHub for hosting a straight out commercial advert? That seems... not positive. :( Sure, and he's trying to downplay it. They're wasting 135 people's entire lives worth of time. Every single day. :( They definitely seem like an organisation who's dedicated to checkbox/feature-list improvements, and gaining everyone's complete data set (thus the lack of local file support). Platform stability... less of a priority. :( If they give it a "Manifest Destiny" point of view to work from... that would be a problem! ;) Just to point out... the US is the western only country on the planet which cares, or even mentions, people's skin colour/race AT ALL. Literally every other western country calls people... people. A man is "a man" not "a green/blue/pink/red/etc man". A women is "a women" not "a green/blue/pink/red/etc woman". Continuously giving skin colour qualifiers in descriptions of people... is (to non-US people) bizarre, and seems to be a large part of the language used to keep racism alive in the US. That's as far as I've been able to tell so far anyway. :( That's not at all what I said. I'm saying the US is the only country which prefaces descriptions of people with info about their skin colour. It seems (to someone not from the US) a truly strange cultural behaviour. [note - edited for clarity] Maybe have it be battery powered, and fly "home" for a recharge during the hours the store is closed? That is one very, very length announcement post. Very TLDR. :( Martin Shkreli described himself as "focused on pharmaceuticals". I think he missed a comma in that. :D Weirdly, the article refers to the Autodesk platform as "forge.com", which it's not. It seems to be called just "Forge". Incidentally, the "forge.com" domain appears to just have a squatter/advert type no-site-here thing for a web page. Missing "(2014)" in the title. Snowdrop has been known about for ages, there are demo's of it on Youtube... and it doesn't look all that good these days (my opinion). Looking through the comments for the top few most funded ones... _many_ (most?) seem to have not provided the thing they were attempting to provide. Lots of unhappy people in their comments, without anything shipped to them. :( Yeah. If they get involved with (say) the GitLab ecosystem, that could both reduce GitHub growth + attract more talent/projects to SourceForge. Both of which they'd be wanting to do. Their QA dept should also get it. People make mistakes during development... but there's no way this should have gotten past even basic QA testing. :( Hi, one of the SQLite Browser team here. Thanks for posting this. :) (Though, I'm kinda wondering why? ;> Our last release was nearly 2 months ago, and nothing super special happened in the last few days from memory... maybe I'm forgetting something? ;>) Anyway, it's all good promo I suppose. :D Wonder what the size of the data set is so far? Likely TB's? Do you reckon buying organic vegetables would help alleviate that in the US? Here in the UK, it seems to be effective for obtaining decent tasting tomatoes. The non-organic ones can taste very bad. Heh Heh Heh That's one way of looking at it. ;) Another way of looking at it is there shouldn't be a product update/release getting pushed out to hundreds of thousands of users (a guess), without passing an extensive validation suite. Developer unit tests are for a different purpose. Unless I missed your sarcasm? :) Thanks. :) Yeah, it's pretty reasonable for doing stuff with SQLite databases, and supports encryption. It's also GPL/MPL licensed, written in C++/Qt, so is fairly cross platform. Precompiled downloads available for OSX/Win, and it's in the packaging/ports system of several Linuxs & BSDs. :) We're kinda needing more C++ dev's though, as the GitHub Issues list is getting a bit out of hand at the moment. O_o Download stats wise... I think it's about 120k/month through GitHub: https://api.github.com/repos/sqlitebrowser/sqlitebrowser/releases (that's a rough guesstimate from last time I looked :>) Is anyone around with experience reversing obfuscated PHP code? We're trying to figure out what the code implanted by some hacker types in our forum pages does: http://www.shapeoko.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=7659 Initial reversing of code here by jacob32123, one of our Community members: http://pastebin.com/U6qwqhSX (line 221+ has more decoded info) If people are around with interest in this kind of thing, and time to assist... it would be really helpful. :) http://www.shapeoko.com/forum/viewtopic.php?f=7&t=7659&start=10#p60550 Any chance this is your kind of thing? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11093339 Seems like an interesting potential product/project. The Blog seems a bit awkwardly worded - "is open source" instead of "is going open source", as there doesn't seem to be a code repository available yet, nor licensing info, (etc). But, it sounds like you'll be off to a good start when you get those bits in place. :) Wow, that's larger than I was expecting. Um, is there a source for that info? Didn't see it in the referenced article. :) SQLite suitable? That's completely the opposite of my experience. It was only when I got completely fed up with it / gained the courage to well and truly fuck up the people that were bullying me... that they mostly stopped. I'd been learning martial arts for some years by then, which definitely helped. Hey, if you're into C++, you're definitely welcome to submit a PR with a rationalised interface. The UI has started getting featuritis... and we've no problems accepting improvements. :D Cool. Work well enough? Previous discussion: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11074587 There's a rebuttal here too, that seems interesting: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11093434 That lady would certainly have a lot of interesting people owing her favours. ;) This should have "(2015)" in the title, as it's not exactly recent. ;) It's kind of vague as to which law, which can be tricky in an international context as they sometimes conflict. Maybe it needs a get out clause, along the lines of "in case of conflicting laws, this clause is void"? The whole article seems to take the approach that these young women are wrong, and don't know what they're doing. Seems kind of an arrogant viewpoint? :( That's sarcastic yeah? ;) An alternative commercial program (not OSS), but free for Hobbyists is Autodesk Fusion 360. It does have significant drawbacks... but if you're just getting into CNC stuff, it has fairly decent CAM functionality in built, making it a reasonable intro thing. :) It shouldn't be. It's supposed to be for 1 year, and be renewable. I've been using it on and off for a few months now, without issue, if that helps. :) Well, if I'm not sure I ask. And I wasn't sure. :p Do something like this, but actually working: https://github.com/justinclift/EventsMap So a person can see what events are happening in a specific area, in a given time range. It should be: * Visual, using a map service background like the above * Have time range slider (indicting start and stop of time range) * Use the public data sets of conference/events. There are a few around that show up with simple searching: * O'Reillys has this: https://feeds.feedburner.com/oreilly/events * Red Hat has this: https://github.com/OSAS/rh-events * Eventbrite likely has relevant feeds too (lots of data) For a revenue source, you could look at adding planning capabilities into it, direct booking, and reminders. Potentially also group bookings, and/or fees for usage. For companies that want to send X number of devs to conferences over the next 6-12 months, having a good system to know which ones to go to, and accurately track/remind/etc people... is worth money. Maybe not super rich quantities... but it's unlikely negligable either. :) Seems interesting. It's Ceph + Gluster, and useful management console. With support. :) Heh Heh Heh It's kind of sad you sound surprised. :( If you were in their shoes, how would you have handled someone doing that? :) Heyas, Ex-GlusterFS person here (used to work at Red Hat on the project side, leaving mid last year). "Small file access", and "lots of files in a directory" have been a pain point with GlusterFS for ages. The 3.7.0 release had some important improvements in it, specificially designed to help fix that: https://www.gluster.org/community/documentation/index.php/Fe... The latest Gluster release is 3.7.8 (the same series as 3.7.0), and is worth looking at if you're needing a good distributed file system. If you have something like 1Mill files in a single directory though... hrmmm... NFS or other technologies might still be a better idea. ;) Yeah, it seems to be missing the "click here for next steps / further information" bit, which is less than optimal. :( From memory, it was something about not having a central metadata server combined with needing to talk with each of the nodes to get their idea of "the latest version" of file info. Especially tricky when taking into account edge cases, such as when some nodes are failed/down/etc. Unfortunately, I don't remember most of the details. It's fallen out of my headspace in the months since I've left. ;) Ugh. So it's literally still RH Gluster, needing manual setup. Also, there's a sentence on the end of the GlusterFS section there saying: "If you want to deploy a Red Hat Gluster Storage cluster on Compute Engine, see this white paper for instructions on how to provision a multi-node cluster that includes cross-zone and cross-region replication:" Apart from the typo (pedant alert!), the URL on "white paper" goes to a non-public document only Red Hat subscribers have access to. That should probably be that fixed, so non-Red-Hat-subscribers can read the doc and know what they'll need to do up front. If people need to subscribe to RH in order to get that info... just to know what they need to do... that's probably going to hinder adoption. Potentially by a lot. ;) Well, if you use XFS/ext4/etc (local file systems), they do decently. You can make them reasonably resilient by using multiple volumes, split across hosts using SRP (eg infiniband block storage interconnect). That's pretty strictly not WAN-suitable though. ;) Thanks for clearing that up, that's awesome. :) References? What's the name of that community college, so others in your area reading this can know to avoid it? :) That's good to hear. I've been meaning to look at Gogs again, after having first played with it in it's early days (before pull requests were available). Sounds like it's usable now. :) Call it *untu, and be done with it? :D What do you reckon the right way for them do that that would be (in a practical sense)? Thinking about that a bit, it would probably be possible, but there would be downsides that might not make it worth it. For example, supporting people on the low side of hardware specs complaining that X game/software/etc isn't working well enough. Conversely, other people on the same hardware might not have an issue with it. (different levels of "acceptable" for different people) Not sure it'd be worth the effort (any time soon). There are other much simpler things Valve needs to fix first in order to increase sales. :) Hopefully they will be talking to the FBI through lawyers only from now on. :) Wouldn't reducing the transmission losses be worth them putting serious R&D effort/$$$ into? Bit late now. ;) Because the current way patents in the US are viewed, is as ammunition to attack competitors (and potential competitors). :( > You also often have injection-molded parts (e.g., the transducer handle itself) that are expensive to produce (the molds for the injection molding machine are done with 3D solid modeling tools, then CNC machined from steel, etc. Just to point out injection molding, 3D solid modelling, and CNC machining don't have to be super expensive these days. Large volumes, and especially high end stuff... sure that takes a lot of up-front cost. But for smaller volumes (eg prototyping, short run) the costs are very reasonable now. It seems due to continuing development of Open Source hardware and software in these fields, which created good virtous cycles for them. Hopefully this continues... :) Note - saying the above as someone who's into 3D solid modelling and CNC machining already. Haven't gotten into injection molding yet, but it's on my personal ToDo list for not far off. :D Technically... probably possible. Feasible... that would be the R&D required. :D Undersea cables are run for comms. So, super-massive-XXL sized superconductor versions of that...? ;) You can't seriously be saying logical people aren't very curious? :( I've started giving 1-star ratings to both the product and seller, for those that do this "email begging for a review" thing. Frankly, I regard it as spam, and treat them as such. It's really ironic when a seller asks me to rate their item... when I already have given it a 5-star review + appropriate worded comment. It becomes a 1-star review, etc. There is no excuse for spam. Wonder if they would hire someone already in prison, purely to be a placeholder...? :D "... software is not considered complete when it's first released." The author was probably meaning "finished" instead of "complete", which gives a different meaning more in line with the article. Reverse debugging has been around for several years, but hasn't seemed to be widely adopted. Which seems kind of unfortunate, as the concept of it looked really useful. Does rr make reverse debugging much easier than it's previously been in gdb or something? :) As a data point, one of the problems with generics is the falsely made ones. There have been (unfortunately) large pharma companies over the years who manufacture generics, which are later found out to be not even close to manufacturing the real thing, or whose manufacturing processes are extremely unsafe. Ranbaxy and GVK Biosciences are examples that spring to mind from not too long ago. There may have been others since. :( Along with this, one of their unfortunate "policy" type moves is wanting a copy of everyone's data. :( So, anyone using Fusion 360, literally has to store the data in Autodesk cloud. There is no option to keep confidential/private data out of it (by design): https://forums.autodesk.com/t5/ideastation-request-a-feature-or/please-support-quot-local-only-quot-files/idc-p/5831809#M10320 Fusion 360 is a product that crashes often, sometimes several times a day (it varies). More crashes on OSX at the moment than Windows, but YMMV. They want us to store potentially extremely valuable data in their cloud... and we're supposed to believe the server side software will be of higher quality than the client side software (which crashes). Also worth noting, Autodesk has no bug bounty nor similar sensible way to reward disclosure of security bugs to them. They really, really don't want to know. To me, forcing customers to keep stuff in their cloud at the same time as sticking their head in the sand re: security... that's not going to end well. :( Why do you say "they have no bearing on the security of all our customer data stored with us"? The points I made seem (to me) directly relevant to the security of customer data. Honestly curious. :) _ugh_ Juniper Networks is on that list. Maybe we need start avoiding their products. :( " Except we can perfectly communicate visually, and we do it all the time. " Hmmm, someone should create a visual programming language using Dilbert characters & iconography. :) Yeah, 5 cpu's is an order of magnitude difference. ;) As a data point, "dnf" is the successor to yum. Started using it recently with Fedora 23... and it's pretty decent. (It may not have been earlier on, I really don't know. ;>) Something nifty about the new dnf is several of the older yum commands (eg builddep, yum-downloader) are now integrated directly so don't need extra utils installed. Seems like refinement is still happening. If only my fingers didn't keep typing "dns" instead of "dnf" all the time, it would be great. :D Rackspace is also known to sponsor significant resources for larger projects whom ask nicely. GlusterFS is one I used to be involved with doing this, and there are definitely others. If CocoaPods reach out to Rackspace and/or other hosting providers, there's a decent chance they'll be able to pull together a good solution. :) The downside though, is they'll need to figure out some way to keep it monitored/maintained. :/ Yeah. When I was a kid, I had a personal "no homework" policy. To me, school was a defined hours thing, and if they tried giving me stuff to do outside of that... that was their problem, not mine. I never bought into it, nor cared when a teacher complained. Didn't have a bad outcome from that approach either. Dunno. I've started and run my own businesses before, and generally that's taken huge effort. Been happy to do so, as they're obviously worthwhile endeavours. Homework though (of a school variety)... let's say I'm not convinced. :D " ... whilst taking their spawn on day trips. " Awesome. Please, oh please call your kids as minions or henchmen/women " when next talking with them. :D Next, teach her radians. :) She sounds like she'd be good with that. :) Related useful info - "Replication Prohibited", a talk at the recent 32C3 about 3D printing keys: https://media.ccc.de/v/32c3-7435-replication_prohibited Don't suppose those tablets had any kind of microphone or image sensor/webcam built into them? If they're using cheap generic android tablets, they probably do. Should be fairly simple to setup remote blackmail-material-collection. :( Cool, that's an idea I'd had in the back of my head for some time too. Good to see someone's gone ahead and done it, and proven the concept. :D Taulman Nylon 680 FDA would probably be suitable too, for anyone using a more generic 3D printer. :) The "some guy" in this case is a well known Linux developer, working for Red Hat (last I heard). He's not a clueless, random noobie. ;) I'm really hoping this crap badly affects the computers of some large justice/gov systems around the world (and/or the home computers of senior judges). That should get the right people involved for sticking the boots in. Senior judges often don't operate that way. ;) It's unfortunate, but that's probably correct. :( Kind of wondering if this action by MS would count as abusive behaviour by a monopolist. Infiniband as a connection technology would be interesting (to me), but Intel has been developing something called Omni-Path, which seem to be their version of a successor for it. Kind of wondering if these will work with Intel's Omni-Path, and if so, what the shape of that makes things... In theory, could be very interesting. Reality though, we get to find out. :) It was all good until this bit: " In addition, Pepper plugins (PPAPI), such as Flash, are now supported. " Ugh. :( Someone downvoted that? Guess they like Qt adding vulnerabilities. :( Hmmm, spammer_copy.py, with "def send_spam()" defined in there. Something's not right. There are even negatively tall buildings... :) "vacuum" and "sucks". Get it? :D Interesting thoughts. With the HPN-SSH patchset, do you reckon that would be useful to keep enabled for someone using faster than 1GbE hardware? Only, asking for my home network, as I generally use Infiniband there - the adapters are super cheap on ebay. :) Paywall. :( Maybe pick Open Source Software which people pay good money for skills in? :) " His e-mail address is right on the case and if something doesn’t work he can ssh, telnet, or VNC into the box to fix it. " Hopefully the telnet mention is just a stylistic phrase, rather than really meaning they have a telnet daemon enabled by default. No worries at all. Wasn't sure where you were coming from. :) Thanks. Tried the first few, but they led back to the FT paywall. This one seems to have the relevant text though, without going to the paywall: https://tallbloke.wordpress.com/2016/03/18/gchq-saves-uk-sma... Cool. It's good to know they're not being rolled out completely blindly then. Hmmm, how about tradies? eg plumbers They're not unskilled at all, but they also don't go to "college" for the majority of their on-the-job learning. OpenBSD doesn't appear to have Infiniband support either. :( Hopefully by "Open Source" they're meaning something OSI compliant, and not abusing the term as some others have done. Good find. :) So, horror movies are realistic for once. If you see your friend lying dead in the cellar... GTFO of there, it really is zombies (or gas buildup of some variety) . :) > As you could imagine, it takes several tries, dozen or two, maybe even three - depending on that cool password validator of yours. That's confusing. Are you saying 3 dozen login attempts for an existing account shouldn't trigger a lock out? That seems unusual. ;) If they were trying to change their ways, explain forcing Win 10 down everyone's throats except those who actively opt-out via registry setting. They need to walk the walk, which they're not doing. :( Also note their product is/was based on Adobe Flash (now Air?), which is increasingly unpopular, if not being phased out in many places due to it's terrible security record. Just watched the 1min Youtube demo for it. Looks interesting-ish. Stuff that stuck out to me: * Initial bootup sequence (first few seconds of Youtube video) is OSX verbose mode boot-like * IPv4 addresses everywhere * Command syntax is Unix-ish * ... but also has mentions of Windows flavour "C:" drive paths (but with Unix slashes). * Then it BSODs (complete with .dll error message about ATI driver causing kernel corruption. Who'd AMD annoy on their dev team? ;>) Not sure if I'd like it, or the inconsistent mashups of familiar things into not-really-right other things would bug me. Still... might be worth a look. That's excellent news. :) Lockouts on the 5th attempt is fairly common. If you need 20-30 attempts to get into your own account... that sounds like you're doing something wrong. :( Probably need to translate the text to Russian though, but the concept seems ok. :) Thanks, does this look correct? http://ded.ninja/dear_oracle/dear_oracle02ru.jpg Done, thanks heaps. :) Negative points: a) Not Open Source. Still, tried signing up on the free account to see if it's any good, as there's some old PostgreSQL training things in Flash that would be useful updated... b) Account sign-up doesn't work. Typing in email address, then clicking the "CREATE" button... goes forever. The little circle thing just spins and spins. Waited several minutes, then gave up. Oh well. :( Seems to work ok with Ublock Origin. Unlike Red Hat, Canonical are a bad company (ethics wise), mostly sponging off Open Source projects. :( Very few in the Open Source Community would cry if they were to disappear. That's semi-interesting, because the materials + equipment needed to make this are very commonly available. Not every household will have a vacuum chamber, but many people interested in the Maker scene will from resin/silicon casting, vacuum forming, etc. And they've being unethical many times as well. I have personal experience of this. :( Hmmmm, there is Fedora, which is Red Hat's kind of equivalent, and also CentOS. Guessing you're already aware of those and they don't work as well for you? How many axis, what's the volume, what rigidity/accuracy, which materials are you comfortable with? Reading through that, the "native HTML/JS editor" is welcome information. The "We started the year by building a proof-of-concept application on Windows, Mac, Linux, Android, iOS, and HTML/JS." is good for Linux support. Any chance of BSD support as well? :) With the 'accurate to 0.001"', how was that measured? Asking because a lot of people new to CNC (as you question seems to indicate) build their machine and don't know they have to spend a fair amount of time fine tuning to get the accuracy to where they want it to be. Not sure if that's the case for you, but pointing it out, just in case. :) With the 'metals' thought, be careful there. Soft metals (eg most aluminiums) are a lot easier to mill than the harder ones (eg cold rolled steel). It might be better to stick to soft metals for a while unless you're sure. :) derekp7: Sounds like the CentOS desktop/workstation builds would be more your kind of thing? Seems like a dupe? There are several announcements for UbuntuBSD already on here (which seems interesting btw). As a thought, talk to the people involved with bio-med prototyping. If you can work in stainless steel, that build volume would likely be of interest to them. (assuming your actual accuracy is workable, but talk to a few places to find their requirements first) I'd rather not get sued. :( Can discuss privately though, if it's relevant to you and you're not employed/contracted/related to Canonical. Stability of software, targeted at those who need it (eg enterprise). With a large supporting ecosystem around that. They have a jobs portal thingy, if that's helpful: http://jobs.redhat.com Won't be Airbus then, as their main CAD system has fairly powerful scripting bits. ;) Heh Heh Heh On one contract about a decade ago, the manager used to proactively screw around with server hardware (eg pull a hdd out of a raid set) when bored, to ensure our recovery processes were always battle tested. Didn't generally cause too many issues... until the one time he pulled a working hdd out of a raid5 set that already had a (real) failed drive, which we were already attempting to recover. It was a production database, but thankfully not a mission critical one :>. From memory, he stopped testing things like that for a while afterwards. ;) There are also (extended) attributes, such as the "immutable" flag, available on some OSs/filesystems. If you're interested, look into chattr for Linux, and chflags for BSDs. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chattr Hmmm, so how's it going to be immortal/omni-potent if it nukes the infrastructure it relies on for power/parts/etc? ;p And yeah... I know I'm being too literal. ;) Anyone around with CMake experience? We're putting some effort into getting it compiling on Linux/BSD - based on the APPLE CMake conditional already there. Someone with a clue :) using CMake would be really helpful: https://github.com/opentoonz/opentoonz/issues/34#issuecommen... Yeah, the similarity hasn't escaped me either. ;) Definitely a mis-step. The "touch focused" menu interface is literally of no interest to me. The described behaviour isn't that unusual. Several of the people I've worked with have said they do things in almost exactly the same way. (and they're not idiots ;>) It's now in Homebrew Cask (on OSX) too, if that helps anyone: $ brew cask install opentoonz Completely agreed. Shady practises (eg: email spam), plus dark patterns (eg presenting people who might be a connection as having actually sent a "Connection Request") have made it fundamentally a not-to-be-trusted website. My LinkedIn profile now literally tells recruiters to Fuck Off. And still they come. The only value it has for me, is presenting (generally) valid contact details (eg: email address) for the people I already know and whom I may have fallen out of contact with. That's not huge value though, and several times I've been seriously tempted to just remove my profile forever. Wow, well done dude. That very much nails it (really). :D LinkedIn is kind of like... troll food. So negative... yet so accurate. :D Well, that alone should convince anyone with a technical/IT bent to absolutely avoid GoDaddy. Most already know this, but that's further re-enforcement. That doesn't sound right. Why should a person maintain their LinkedIn profile, if they're not actively looking? Wouldn't it make more sense to only update it when they decide to actually look for a job, and not waste time/energy/spam-dealing-with before then? For example? Hmmm, on a surface level that sounds "ok"-ish. As a person working in the IT industry for more than a decade, being intimately involved with several major Open Source projects in demand, it sounds debatable (perhaps even wrong), as many in demand skills last longer than fads (eg PostgreSQL clueful-ness). So, what you're saying doesn't sound right to me. :( Thoughts? :) Pretty sad for Solidoodle. Good PR for New Matter though. Will they Open Source the windows spyware... er... "metrics collection" code? CentOS sure is. Guess by the downvoting that there's a reason people feel the "metrics collection" shouldn't be Open Sourced? I'd like to hear what that is, as it seems (to me) to be a stellar example of what really should be. ??? This one (from the same result set) may be useful too: http://w3techs.com/technologies/details/os-linux/all/all What's a better way to point out MS should be Open Sourcing the parts of their codebase which people don't trust (eg their spyware)? They seem to be making large numbers of moves trying to get people to use their platform... and at the same time, shooting themselves in the foot-head-foot with trust-destroying moves... and ignoring everything in relation to that. :( Yep, seems like it. Thanks. Tried to change it... but the "edit" link was gone by that time. Oh well, next time. :) Hopefully you're right, and MS does Open Source it. :) That would give people a chance to see what's really happening , rather than just seeing bad actions + hearing weasel words (aka corporate speak) to justify them. Really wishing you were correct. :/ MS have been pushing Win10 onto Win7/8(.1) end users for what seems like a few months now, continually escalating how forceful they're being. eg recent IT media about it: http://www.theregister.co.uk/2016/03/17/microsoft_windows_10_upgrade_gwx_vs_humanity/ As you mention, it seems like straight out PR suicide. Personally, it would be useful to know what their end game is justifying all of this bad karma. It'd have to be fantastic. Either that, or someone inside MS is seriously out of control. :( Hmmm, I really get the impression it's doing a lot more than just nagging. Direct examples mentioned here: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=11285488 The article says the discoverer was manually reviewing 300,000 pages of data (in graphs) because "a computer isn't easily programmed with such a vague task as "find something weird and cool ..." But then it says: > Because of it's oxygen atmosphere, Dox's spectral graph looked truly unique, and he brought it to Kepler. That seems to argue (strongly even) that computer based analysis would have picked up on this star pretty quickly. (Obviously assuming competent data modelling + subject knowledge) Perhaps the discoverer will now automate things a bit? :) > "imagine a shipping container full of guns with no known owner" Assume CIA? :D "As we shift into a constantly connected state... " That's a scary thought, if people are generally assuming that's the direction things will go. People need time out, to disconnect and re-energise. A "constantly connected" state seems like it would generate massive burn-out and/or mental issues. :( Although this sounds useful, it also sounds like the kind of thing that industrialised agriculture profiteers (eg Monsanto) will go out of their way to stop. :( Wonder what strategy places like Monsanto could use for that purpose? First approach that springs to mind is trying to discredit the approach... probably combined with something legal like trying to get it banned outright because "food safety". Hopefully the industrialised agriculture profiteers can be warded off long enough for this to get legs. :) As a funny thought, remember the article a while back pointing out party drugs are detectable in downstream water sources from large populations? That could make for some interesting secondary food stuff harvesting. :D Your understanding of Open Source is ok (for you), but not in line with the rest of the world's use of the term. ;) They seem to accept Pull Requests: https://github.com/larsbrinkhoff/awesome-cpus/pulls Check again. Still needs du -> de. ;) The article seems to get some of it's key foundation points a bit wrong. :( eg: > If you think about it, blue doesn’t appear much in nature — there aren’t blue animals, ... Unless they're being very precise with their definition of "animals", which the article doesn't sound like it is being, they're off base. Blue creatures do exist: * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bluebird * http://www.flmnh.ufl.edu/exhibits/always-on-display/butterfl... (etc) Wonder how the bundling of ZFS will play out legally. Anyone know if the FSF is in a position (and of a willingness) to take legal action? Gradient solids sound like they'd be useful for things like bone lattice printing. Some parts of a bone could make use of having greater density than others. eg to optimise weight, flexibility, strength, biomass holding area, in different areas. STL is very common in the 3D printing space, as many 3D printers accept it as their input file (to print with). For other use cases, like transferring model data between programs, then STEP files (.STP) are very common instead. A STEP file contains much more data about the model than the equivalent STL file, so can be much more useful. STEP seems like a pretty huge set of specs though (possibly a bit scary to implement from the ground up): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_10303