Thankyou! Nice to think I wrote something that struck a chord.
What do you mean by 'heard, understand &amp; reject islam'? I've never partiicularly heard it, I've certainly never understood it, and yet neither have I explicitly rejected it. If you just plain don't understand it do you consider that rejecting it?
No. No no no no no.
Largely for historical reasons. Despite the fact that 17th century Europe was heavily religious, it wasn't enough for the Puritans, so a lot of them sailed to the Americas to set up communities where they could be free (if 'free' is the word) to practise Puritanism to their heart's content. For this reason whole swathes of the US were populated by heavily religious communities while Europe emptied of the most fundamental Christians.
&gt; absurdly American centric I'm not American. OK - I'll re-word my sentence: Europe emptied of the most fundamentalist brand of Christianity. Better?
I was trying (perhaps not very well) to say that there are examples where regimes have convinced enough people that a particular group are to blame for the ills in society to be able to persuade them to kill. In the case of the Nazis, the population as a whole elected the Nazis without knowing the full extent of their plans for the Jews (Hitler didn't stand on a platform of instigating a holocaust); it then took only a small percentage of the population to actually put the plans into effect, by which point the larger proportion of the population were powerless to prevent it, were largely not aware of the extent of it, or were more concerned about fighting the war. I would imagine that a lot of the Nazi guards at concentration camps were deeply uncomfortable with sending women and children to their deaths, but were powerless to change things in a regime where any dissent would have meant a similar fate for them.
&gt; who are obligated to practice it whether they believe it or not If they don't believe it, who's doing the obligating?
This is the one thing that I find so completely unfathomable about religion: that those who ardently follow one religion and believe it is true above all else don't look at the millions and billions of people who believe exactly the same thing about a completely different religion and go "Hmm... they're just as convinced that they're right as I am that I'm right. And look - they have a holy book too! Wait a minute: we can't all be right.....?". I don't know how e.g. a Christian can look at a Muslim and feel so utterly certain that the Muslim has it all wrong, but never wonders why the Muslim must also be looking at them thinking the same thing. Surely there's a point at which a rational human being starts to get to *"What if none of us are right and it's all just a guessing game...?"* Someone please tell me - I just can't understand it. How can you look at a billion Hindus in India, or a billions Catholics, or whatever and think "they're *all* wrong but *I'm* right"? You're probably thinking "OK smartarse Atheist, how can you look at billions of religious people and say 'you're all wrong'", only it's simple: I know that in the human body death is an irreversible process meaning that after a certain point a human body does not recover, and the brain that existed inside that body is lost. Which means that *nobody knows what happens to you after you die*. I also know that no-one was around at the beginning of the universe to see it happen, and therefore I don't believe a fucking book written by human beings that purports to explain how the universe began, which means *nobody knows how we got here*. So all the people arguing over who knows what happens after we die and who knows how we got here: no, you don't. No-one does.
&gt; I'll be honest, by the standards I see a lot of atheists claiming, I'm surprised we have any history at all. You say this like there's a very fine line between reality and completely fantastical claims when there plainly isn't. People do not return from the dead. Death is an irreversible process in the human body as has been shown billions of times since the dawn of time. Yet you want to take a couple of eye-witness accounts from the guy's personal fan-club, with shaky, contradictory evidence, and say that proves that something different happens in this case? If you read about a great battle in medieval times in which a famous warrior flew around in the air shooting laser beams from his eyes would you unquestioningly trust that as a valid historical record? You'll have heard the line "extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence"? And that's the difference. Imagine a history book quoted Napoleon as having said a particular sentence, which was reported by 2 of his personal guard, would I believe it: it depends on what the sentence was. If it was "Not tonight Josephine" then sure. If it's "I fucking hate the new iPhone 6" then of course not. Yet the evidence cited for both would be the same, so what's the difference? Because one is probable and plausible whereas the other would require him to travel 2 centuries into the future and back again, so is completely implausible. If you can't tell the difference it's because you've decided upon the answer and are trying to manipulate the very thin 'evidence' to make it fit that answer. Try forgetting the answer and using some critical thinking skills to see where you end up instead.
Increasing secularity is based on more people realising they don't need religion, it's not that people are abandoning Christianity looking for another religion to attach themselves to. The decline of Christianity in the West is coming from increased openness and freedom of information coupled with advances in science, which all gradually erode the myths of its teachings. Islam is more ardent about keeping its flock in the faith, but is just as susceptible to those same forces which are undermining all religions, especially in Western socieities where a secular education, access to the internet, and mixing with people from many different faiths (or no faith) all show people a way of life that doesn't rely on their particular religion. Yes, Muslims can bring their children up to be religious but it is very difficult in Western societies to keep those children away from secular influences or the internet or anything that allows them to question their faith. The growth in Islam in Western societies is more down to immigration than anything else. In the UK we have seen Muslims grow as a percentage of the overall population, but it's not because British people are converting to Islam, it's because they are already Muslim when they come to the UK. I can see how Islam might grow as a proportion of religious people, but not as an overall number. I know several Muslims who only identify as such because their parents would be ostracised from their communities if their children weren't being seen to follow the faith. They have no intention of passing it on to their children. &gt; Unless we turn our attention to Islam immediately, we will find an entrenched enemy that is perfectly willing and able to turn our own laws against us, with little we can do to stop it This is just bullshit scaremongering.
&gt; I've got tons of Muslim friends who always go clubbing but don't have a drop of alcohol. There's a difference between going to a club with a load of other people who aren't drinking and going to a club where you're the only one not drinking. I agree in general though - I once went on a Muslim stag do, had a great time.
This is a real blind spot for theists: "this guy said it happened so it must have done". Firstly, anyone can make anything up; the fact that it's written down doesn't make it any more credible than if you heard the words bumbled from the mouth of a crazy person. Secondly, pre-enlightened societies were so utterly credulous that many people could be easily persuaded to believe all kinds of insane things. In societies that have no kind of scientific understanding of the world, where disease, war, famine and pestilence are apt to wipe out you and your family at any point, people latched onto myths in a desperate belief that they could influence their chaotic lives. If Paul was writing in AD40 then years, even decades had passed since these events supposedly happened. Could you recall every conversation you had word-for-word from 20 years ago? He was part of Jesus's personal fan-club, so of course he's going to suggest that Jesus has supernatural powers - why wouldn't you when people are so credulous and desperate for order and hope? Also, all religions have sacred texts, yet you don't believe in all the other thousands of religions of the world. Why do you think your religion's texts are any more valid or reliable or credible than any of the others? If you read Aztec stone tablets that talked about Quetzalcoatl would you treat them with the same credulity that you do Paul's letters? Or would you dismiss them as myths?
I think you replied to the wrong thread there mate.
&gt; I'm sure you'll cherish that day, but it'll also be the day that atheism loses meaning I wish Atheism didn't have to exist. Atheism is a counter-stance. It doesn't stand for anything, it is an absence of belief and it only exists because there are people in this world who create myths to force unwritten rules on societies with no right to do so. It shouldn't have to exist any more than being a-unicornist or a-leprechaunist should. And by the way, you can't prove a negative and I don't have any intention of even trying whatever anyone else thinks. &gt; No gatherings to condemn religion Where are these gatherings to comdemn religion? I've never heard of such a thing. &gt; no more showcase of wit or intelligence Just to prove I'm not here to try to win points for my wit or intelligence, my considered response to that comment is go fuck yourself.
We don't know what happened before the big bang... isn't that enough to be an agnostic instead of a theist?
I could see how followers of all Abrahamic religions might recognise that they're all basically following the same God in a slightly different way. But what about the non-Abrahamic ones - Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Taoists? They number a couple of billion between them don't they?
Don't forget pork crackling, pulled pork, twice-cooked pork belly and pork sausages. Man alive, without them, bacon, sex, alcohol and weed I don't know why life would be worth living. I'm almost jealous of OP about to try all that stuff for the first time.
&gt; The RA is obsessed with and addicted to being right What stupid crap. Are you saying you are happy to be wrong? Will you consider the truth of the fairies at the bottom of my garden? Or do you believe you know the truth of that claim already? Are you denying those fairies exist because you have a fetish for having to be right all the time?
How patronising. I grow tired of people telling atheists that they're atheists for the wrong reasons or because they haven't thought about it enough. There is no 'right' way to be an atheist any more than there's a right way not to watch TV. Once you hold any religion up to even the most basic critical thinking it is obvious that they are man-made. Otherwise why don't you believe in Zeus, or Ra or Odin? Are you disbelieving of them for the right reasons? How deeply did you think about them before you dismissed them? Or were you just brought up in your chosen religion and have never actually examined what you've been taught with a clear, unemotional, free mind? What is it you believe: talking snakes, virgin births, water into wine? Perhaps it's you who needs to think a bit deeper?
Is that supposed to pass as debate?
&gt; How do you know it is true that solipsism is wrong? I'm not sure I necessarily do know that as an irrefutable truth. But, you know, the universe and all that. &gt; There is no fairiology but there is theology The difference being what? Sounds like you're saying that it's just about the number of people that believe it. Otherwise where do you draw the line - Jedis? Flying Spaghetti Monster? Norse Gods? Scientology? There's not exactly a hard line between 'legitimate' religion and outright fantasy or mythology. You can reject something you don't know well if you believe that it is founded on an impossible premise. I wouldn't waste any time thinking about anything a Medium or Clairvoyant told me because I don't believe they can talk to the dead. &gt; my question is, where and why do you draw the line I draw the line at anything that reverse-justifies by claiming to know the answer and working backwards from it. I'd be more than happy to have a theological debate, but I wouldn't bother with someone who claims to know the answer already when I don't believe that there is any way they could. Atheists are not without wonder and imagination - I would love to be clever enough to study the origins of the universe and try to genuinely know how we got here, but I think religion is just a complete distraction.
&gt; You can obey God or you can obey any number of false idols (Baal, money, yourself, etc.) I don't need to worship or obey anyone or anything thanks. I have a responsibility to society as a whole, but that's all. I see no benefit in wasting a load of time giving my servitude to a God who either isn't there or isn't listening.
If the evidence is unobtainable, then why are theists allowed to state with absolute certainty that they're right and atheists are wrong - something they do *all the time*? If you tell me that God created the universe then it falls to you to prove that; if the evidence is, as you rightly say, unobtainable, then why is *any* religious claim valid? &gt; Those tend to be the weakest, and truly identify someone's character in terms of how they think and process information Yeah, anyone who disagrees with you is obviously stupid. Well done you and your towering intellect.
&gt; What kind of evidence would be convincing to an atheist? How about some evidence that prayer works? What if there were observable double-blind tests that demonstrated that e.g. groups of cancer sufferers who prayed were more likely to recover than those who didn't? Of course [those tests *have* happened](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Studies_on_intercessory_prayer#The_STEP_project) and proved the opposite. What if our increasing ability to understand our history revealed things that proved that things in the bible actually happened - i.e. a flood covered the entire earth and that animal life can be traced back to a single pair of animals on the ark, or that life was first created 6000 years ago and has never evolved at all? Of course, all evidence points to the contrary meaning that most people now recognise that most religious texts are full of fallacies. What if someone proved that virgin births were possible, or that in some cases people return from the dead? Quite a lot of evidence that they're not. You might say that those are all facets of religion rather than theism, and just because there was no talking snake and virgin birth that doesn't mean there couldn't still be a God, and I'd probably agree. But most religious people claim these as evidence for their God despite a lot of them being disprovable. Even forgetting religion, I still don't see anything that makes me think there's some kind of deity designing or controlling everything.
Mayonnaise - blergh. The more I hate it the more it seems to permeate into every area of life. I've all but given up buying pre-packed sandwiches.
