Buying an Impala could work.
What brought that on as they're usually doing the international cons around that time?
Which is why we should do a writers' panel.
Bad posture. It doesn't have to be ram rod straight, but stand up with your shoulders back, pick your feet up when walking (don't shuffle), and don't mumble when talking or overly apologize or be passive aggressive. It's not about being "super confident," just more about presenting yourself as being an adult who can hold adult conversations with people.
My five pound cat doesn't have the ability to judge her reactions of clawing me if I rub her the wrong wat.
They're trolls.
The Professional Left, Supernatural The Crossroads, Dead Authors Podcast,
steampunk= waterpunk was a bit of a joke. I really, really like this take on it as steampunk is so overdone and really cheesy a lot of the time.
but I don't know what I'm going to do yet.
Are we talking about Colbert or Joe Howard playing George Frankly? Honestly, I'd listen to either on NPR.
It looks like slave princess Baldrick
I'm here to chew gum and invade Poland, and I'm all out of bubblegum.
This is based on a movie from the 40s with Ingrid Bergman, Charles Boyer, and Joseph Cotten. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ToLfQU2xmg Also Angela Lansbury's first movie ever. She's like 16 here. -- I get... frustrated with this concept. My mom is constantly getting gaslighted by her husband, and even worse, she has some legitimate post-brain tumor memory issues. But he still uses her to put her down just manipulate her in order to boost his own ego. It's slightly more complicated than regular negging/downputting/emotional manipulation. The concept is that someone is actively trying to convince another person that they're insane/incapable of rational thought/emotions for their own selfish reasons.
I think context is key here. Prior to Pedowitz was Dawn Ostroff. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dawn_Ostroff Around S6-7, she was actively trying to rebrand the channel as a teenaged girls' angst channel, and pushing their more popular shows off (like SPN) to make room for that kind of market including trying to push SPN onto Friday with a very low budget in order to kill it off (part of Gamble's problems was lack of budget). That's why we got things like The Carrie Dairies. Pedowitz is directly talking about the mistakes Ostroff had made by targeting that audience, and then the rest of the world labelling/dismissing it as "a young girls' network." Yes, he could have stated it better, but that's the real point of reference here. He was trying to re-rebrand it back up to men and women (yes, back to mostly men) with SPN helping a lot on that area, but now going to more of a DC on CW channel that could be inclusive for women and men and hit the superheroes trend while it was red hot.
120 years- you think the Spanish American War just fought itself?
Jared and Jensen introduced JDM to his future wife, and they've since had a kid together. He might not be in that clique, but they're very tight. Jensen definitely sees JDM as some sort of larger than life not-quite father figure.
My cat had to spend a week at my grandma's. I finally got the cat home, we're hanging out, and I realize that she smells like grandma and not my cat. I was slightly peeved.
I totally get what you're saying- that Star Trek is the epitome of utopia scifi and should strive to be so- where all of the "problems" are external and not internal. That was actually one of the negative critiques of DS9 at the time- that it was too dark, too outside of the scope of what Roddenberry wanted to do. But we, in our culture, need the internal tension as well as the internal. We need to pluck at the threads of our assumptions and happiness in order to tell good stories. It doesn't have to be an absolute self reflecting belly button naval gazing out into the universe, but DS9 found a solid middle ground of shaking up the axioms of Trek while also solidifying those ideal tenets.
Oh I get that. but it's the weird "everything is bunnies and sunshine" world viewpoint in a movie that features a pretty kickass woman character who is both designed to be the perfect sexpot AND ALSO subverting her culture's expectations of how she should act and be solely based on how she's drawn.
Could be, but I also heard it disseminated out on the web as well somewhere. That also could have been Tiki, so I didn't want to presume it was just one person.
You mean you just have to take 5 extra minutes to rewrite something to make a plot fit the character? Like, let's see. Cole is back home from the war. He's having emotional issues, gets up from a nightmare to find the same scene. He's 23-23 at the time, capable of fighting, but just shuts down, because of the scene. Ten years later, he's back, and is completely dedicated to hunting down Dean at age.... 34 ish.
Puking on pork rings must be the absolute worst.
Ah, yes. Rosemary's Baby. The story of a mother to be carrying the anti-Christ and usher in the Apocalypse.
You're completely wrong about the interviews. TDS is completely underrated for its interviews, and one of the few shows that feature academic and authors at all on television.
Why is Samuel Colt not the gunsmith??!
