that might apply to smaller servers, however big servers like balmung and gilgamesh will still have the problem of hunts being killed by 30 people rather than 8
I obliviate myself from time to time just to get that feeling again.
If there was a way to send it over the internet, I would.
I actually liked the healing LB of BRD, I saved a lot of parties with that when I used to main BRD
Except Fat Cat would eat all the food laid out.
3 hours for dungeon drops? Thats a cute estimate. 1.5million Gil is also over the top, though I guess that depends on your server but on Balmung you get everything for around 300k last I checked.
It will be quickern I agree but three hours is really a bit generous, it all relies on RNGesus. And ouch really?
Really? They nerfed that? Damn.
Well to be fair when I did it, I had the time because of a lasting injury. All in all I did it in a month, mostly stuck on Alexandrite. Hows the drop rate on that now?
A lot of massacres are announced ahead of time, but most of the time they aren't taken seriously. There are a few Youtube channels of now dead shooters where they announced what they were gonna do.
Looking at statistics, the NFL has less concussions than college and high school leagues. I'm thinking its because youth players take more risk and don't think about the consequences.
Use the other debuff thingy-majick the dark purple one. Name eludes me atm. I use that and Foresight for the first heavenly heel and easily survive with 6-10k hp depending on whether or not rng allows me to parry. I use all slaying on my DRK and have about ~17k health with party and food buff. I got a whole rotation for the fight which keeps me alive pretty good. If you want to know it, I'll type it out.
Thordan is a good PLD fight, it's OP in there. Doesn't need to use their "Oh shit" button at all and the DPS isn't bad on PLDs, obviously not as good as DRK or WAR, but still enough to push a bit when needed. What really got to me was that Royal Authority isn't comboed with Riot Blade(iirc, i'm bad with remembering Skill names, the mp givy back one). It has a higher potency than what it is currently comboed with, making the DPS combo of PLD suboptimal.
Why would it kill that for you? I hope I need to do AS4 for it. i want to earn it and not getting it thrown at my face without effort.
I'd say DRG is easy to learn, but hard to master. The rotation is pretty straight forward, but knowing when to Geirskogul and when to not is the biggest issue I had while learning the new 60 rotation. It's satisfying to get off Wheeling Thrust/Fangs and Claws at 1s left.
He is talking cinematic though. Lore-wise a DRK without restraint and who has given in to the dark side would win.
Mentor system? I heard of the training hall system but I didnt hear of this. Mind explaining it to me?
Fun fact: if you put your fc logo on it, it's on it's right butt cheek.
That makes me sad. I had a DRG in Void Ark who literally was just standing on the flank, not moving at all apart from skill animations. I die a little inside everytime I see that, having mained DRG in ARR
Well the thing is, a WAR giving in to his Inner Beast is just a wild beast, while a DRK may not have the prowess, he can still think and is highly intelligent whem he gives into the Dark side. There is another comment chain in here where it's explained better than i can.
I'm not a native english speaker but I thought "dude" could refer to both men and women alike. Just like a mixed group of women and men can be called "guys".
Oh I'm not talking about new players(they are quite tame, with some bad sheep here and there). I'm talking about people who are alt leveling. Had one guy who told me my opinion doesn't matter because he has more 60s than me.
You don't need any cooldowns until Heavenly Heel. And yeah Shadow Wall and Foresight is the only thing I pop for that. Next CD on Bladedances. I usually LD and Concalescence the sword one and use whatever cooldowns are left for the shield one, with good DPS yand good RNG the WAR will have his one downed and it will be a soft Bladedance. Again no CD until next HH. Second one is a baby one since theres nocleave after, Foresight and Shadowskin. Next Heel, big damage Shadow Skin and Shadow Wall. For fourth one LD should be back up, I pop that and them the fight is nearly over, except you enrage but he just spams Ancient Quaga then and it's just a DPS check from there. Hope it helped. Feel free to ask me anything that is unclear. Also there should be no third Bladedance, you won't meet the DPS check if you get it. Thordan should be around 71-69% at HH. If you get him to 69, he will skip the cleave after HH.
Are you running Thordan with your static? Or are you pugging it? If you are pugging it, I'd recommend setting the ilvl up to 200, while ilvl isnt everything, it does balance out some aspects of people with bad rotations.
Ah I heard about Goblin from someone in my static, he transferred over to Balmung because there was nothing going on on Goblin. Hope you get your clear soon.
