Saint is taller. That looks a lot like Hard
With the imports, NA lcs has a stronger lineup of mids than EU
Having one of the most veteran players in Froggen to help and Rick fucking Fox will be hugely helpful for him and Hard
I imagine Rick Fox will take a hand in mentoring or managing them yeah, or he'll know how to pick out a great coach with his background
EU players are still a very small portion of the total players in NA. This joke is pretty forced
Historically EU has really good mids while its NA's weakest role in regards to native talent, most eu imports are mids as a result. Top is the other weak NA role that has a lot of imports. Look at something like adc and you'll see more NA players. It's a bit early to say TSM is the strongest.
That's not saying much since there aren't many NA rookies. I don't see Remilia or RF being better than Moon, Stixxay, any of the TLA players
TL's shot calling has left a lot to be desired. I'm not sure it will be a big downgrade with Dardoch
Top 5 Korean mid
Statistically Gamsu was pretty bad. He had a large share of the team's gold yet did really poorly in his stats. He was a mediocre player with flashes of good play
Zion preformed on Coast despite a bad team. Altec preformed on Winterfox despite a bad team. Gamsu was part of Dig being bad. Dunno why you're so upset over the fact that a player might not be that good
I'm on my phone but http://oracleselixir.com/statistics/na/na-lcs-2015-summer-regular-season-player-statistics/ I imagine you can get to spring from there too so you can look at both splits. Click top laner and go to town. Thanks for being condescending though, mature way to carry a conversation
I feel like RNG might be a smart team even if they lack outright talent. I could see them taking wins off smart play rather than smashing lane or mechanical outplays
You'd hope he would have the self awareness to improve on that after seeing how it works against him
Trundle as flex for top and support. Beyond that good list
Seriously. "NA has no talent" "challenger players? Team will be shit" "Lol imports dae 2 eu" It's a damned if you do damned if you don't. Try challenger talent and you're laughed at or called weak, if you import you're part of the problem and memes are posted
It's 2 years to be a resident right? So Ninja could not be considered a resident until Summer 2017 unless I'm mistaken
Yup. No one is gonna say "I might suck as a top."
I just want a keyboard that puts comma and period to the right of space. Having those so easy to access is the thing I miss most from android
You're right, the Danish flag *is* pretty great
This comment is lame
Fnatic made him a big offer so money isn't the motivation
Maybe the king of a very small, inbred kingdom
Elements vs TIP is the MyM vs Coast of this split. Gotta love races to the bottom
I believe Baby changed his name to BIG, going by his Twitter and the Echo Fox announcement
