If you really want to find why people quit you can just put up a strawpoll, as long as you format the questions right.
Maybe ask any who quit and then returned? Would still not be an ideal crowd, but you will have more people.
Also Garden of Terror is the same world as Dragon Knight. You can see the Dragon Knight statue at the top of the Garden.
Many foreigners ruined their bodies because of starcraft. Carpel tunnel is very common. It might not be to the same extent, but injuries happen in all sports, in all levels.
I doubt most people's faces would bear any expression.
Just think about your face when you type anything, be it a "lol" type comment, or an angry one. You only have to see your own face as you write comments to see how probably others do it. In fact expressions happen for a very short time, and to think that someone continually keeps their expression for the whole comment is absurd. Furthermore, people may be upset or smirking while writing something, but having an extreme emotional experience come from reading something on the web is pretty rare I'd presume, and even then writing something while laughing or trembling with rage is probably pretty hard.
You presume that most people's days are ruined, or even harmed a bit because of losing, while you can't really know that. It is a game after all, and if you're not having fun while losing as well (maybe to a lesser extent, but still), then you're playing the wrong type of game imo.
SI-7 Agesnt would be almost as good, so it's not like the chances were that abysmal.
Going for a lot of heals and taunts would then make you super strong, and doesn't really take a lot of thought too. Something like ramp druid would work wonders.
0.25 it used to be 1, but they changed it.
I rather Al'ar to be its own card, so it can be more complex.
It's obviously a possibility, but I doubt there would be such map soon.
Probably not so terrible in decks with minimal amount of spells like Zoo.
Why does it have to be a white guy? Would a black rich guy know more about Detroit because he is black? Why include race into this?
As a rank 1 lvl 20 murky main I disagree. You can get kills many times if you have some sort of support, Murky is capable of much more damage than people realize many times. Your regeneration also means that you can do some damage and back off. Sometimes you die because of overextention, but the push potential, and the possible kills or forced hearthstoning is worth it imo.
Of course dying without an actual reason is bad, I just commented on your ending comment, as imo you should fight most of the times as murky.
I go block, Living the, large pufferfish, grab, 35% extra damage on the pufferfish, pufferfish makes slime, and rewind. Always the same build. It is based on the combo, killing 1 person at a time. Being 1v2 I stay low and simply try and kill minions while not in range of the 2 players, if they are ranged. If they are melee I try and slowly take away hp with slime while not overextending. Egg is always between the gate and fort, it's a good place vs cloakers and cannot be hit easily from outside. Lategame I move the egg a lot normally, although I'd say as a rule of thumb it's better not to be greedy with the egg, although a lot of times I can't help it. Team fights I dive in normally. I try to split them up, and if they don't then they take a lot of damage. Try and have your egg nearby so you can suicide multiple times in a fight.
I like the 1st ling sent so the PF won't target the banes on the way, it was really smart!
This is probably due to pressure by the Druze in the Golan Heights. Since many of them have family in Syria they want help sent to them.
I am Israeli myself, but this is just what I heard. There are so many people suffering, to urge to help a specific group probably comes from personal reasons.
Brood war skills definitely transferred more than WC3's ones did, as macro is more important than ~~macro~~ micro most of the times.
I meant that macro is more important than micro. The macro aspect is pretty similar compared to the micro. Indeed SC2 is much smoother than the older games in that aspect. Macro most of the times is more important as having more units can make a huge difference sometimes, while microing rarely has the same effect.
Ye I love archon mode.
Fastest turn is Turn 2 Pint Size summoner. (costs 2) Turn 3 Portal. (costs 3) Turn 4 portal. (costs 1) Turn 5 Jaraxxus. (costs 4)
Could be special shells that are infused with Psi or something. This is why it takes energy to use it.
