Both kids were supposed to be entitled jackasses. You're not supposed to like them or Janice.
He's a free agent because his career is over.
If he had a challenge he could have used it for just plain safe/not safe. The "Replay Command Center" has overturned calls that were challenged for another reason. Last season, at least. I'm not sure about this one. But the first challenge Banister made was really a waste, which is a point worth making.
Hope you're feeling better.
Sorry I'm late but there are other subreddits that should probably be linked in the sidebar. /r/AskDocs for one.
If they're done well they're better than looking at the standings. The idea behind them is good; the execution rarely is.
I don't think the A's should be a seventh ranked team. But they will likely put some wins up this year. They're nowhere near as bad as their record. So I'd take the BP rankings seriously in the sense that the A's are not a team I really want to face right now. The next few nights are going to be interesting.
Nice writeup and good video, too. Seems to square with the other things I'm reading.
Not sure what it is but it reminds me of [this shit](https://www.reddit.com/r/SHHHHHEEEEEEEEIIIITT/).
He's been better. Go to /r/Colonel_Rhombus and look at the weekly reports.
That article ought to shut up Mac Engel and Galloway, but it won't.
I really don't think Jeff Russell really belongs in the Rangers HoF. He was a good closer at times, but this is setting a pretty low bar.
They'll fall back to Earth and I guess they already are, but next year it looks like they may be pretty scary.
I can't get that site to work. There's another at absurdlyobfuscated.com that I've used before but I can't get it to work, either. I don't want to use it for fatpeoplehate. I do hate that sub but I generally stay away from drama. Want to use the autotagger for non-dramatic purposes.
GunsAreCool, same story.
I'm far from fat. I hope you die in a fire.
I use a bunch of RSS feeds to keep up with the news and stuff. Reddit never has been good for that, really. Pick out a variety of news sources, stick them in a feed reader, and it will do a better job at aggregating news than reddit does. But for discussion, I don't know of anything else for general topics. Over time I have slowly confined myself to the baseball-related subreddits. They're free of this poison, thankfully. I also follow a couple of smaller technology subs. But while here I can't resist pressing "All" now and then. Curiousity, plus I know there will be one or two interesting things to read along side a bunch of stuff that doesn't interest me at all. And that's when I run into the darkness. Sadly you never have to go very far to find that. Anyway, as of right now I don't think there is an alternative. There will be someday...right now reddit is sick and it's going to die. Something will take its place and hopefully it will be better.
I don't have to try, but thank you for your kind but off-topic suggestion. I have one for you: do the world a favor and set yourself on fire.
So there's no easy way to do it from the image itself?
You are a commissioned salesperson for the Rangers, right? I think it's only fair for you to disclose that.
Yeah I generally like Banister but he needs to keep his goddamned mouth shut. These guys have a lot of pride, and baseball is really hard. Plus there was a lot of failure to go around. It's simply unfair to call out Choo. I have no idea why he would do that.
&gt; I was under the impression he has a pretty far above average arm while every other aspect of his defensive game is poor. I think that's probably an accurate assessment. Overall he grades out to below average at best, but he's had a strong arm throughout his career. That's something that usually isn't lost with age, or at least not at Choo's age. If he isn't throwing well this year it could be that he's still not 100% after last season's elbow surgery. I doubt it but it's possible.
The mods ought to filter you out for a week or so. Calling others names has never been acceptable conduct here.
Wow, I didn't know people actually read anything over here. I know what you mean about community, and while it was strange to me for the longest time, the internet has become a place to form *real* communities. And there are a lot of good ones on reddit, too. There's a lot of everything here, good and bad. As of right now there's not really an alternative to reddit. If there were I would have left maybe a year ago. But as time goes on and so little changes, I feel that any contribution I make to this site makes me complicit. So I don't want to add anything anymore. Or at least I don't want to add much while I wait for the next thing to come along. /r/TexasRangers is a good community. Occasionally it will go a little sideways with the voting, and you have these lapses where nobody posts content and things get a little dead. But the people are generally good. I saw that today was kind of a rough day for it, but it's been worse before. Believe me. Reddit as a whole was never really a healthy place, in my opinion. There has always been a dark undercurrent here. It has gotten worse, but it has always had some truly vile people. For as long as I can remember anyway. The demographic has always trended toward the young male, and let's face it, they can be angry people who are easily suckered into things. Anyway the administration has really dropped the ball the last few years as reddit has grown. It now has a userbase that equals the population of some nations...they can't allow hate groups to make a home here. It's not feasible. It's not right. As for me, I'm cutting back a bit on my time at the computer. I've got this bum leg and yet another surgery coming up. Before I go through all that shit again with the recovery and rehab, I'm trying to enjoy some other stuff. When I'm stuck in the house again I intend to create a Rangers blog. Many of my friends have dispersed, too. Some are dead. Most of my family is dead. So, yeah, I do have a need for community and I'm not sure my upcoming blog will satisfy it (especially at first). I don't know what I will do. I just know I'm fed up with this place. Thanks for reading and responding.
Well if I were still a mod here they sure as fuck wouldn't be.
