You need a kitty. They are like cramp magnets. You hurt. Magically you have a purring cat on your lap. They also give you zen from purrs. Feel better :)
Someone posted a picture of a lock on a fence in a Nation Park a month or so ago. That's litter. Grr.
How often does this happen? Our ASPCA has a record of no deaths from spay/neuter clinic for something like 10 years.
Man I wish they bottled their sour. It's so good.
I know 2 sets of parents who said something like "You are treating my son like a criminal" when he was charged 4 years for sleeping with a 13 year old (he was 23) and "Why didn't the parents come to us and we could have settled it quietly" when their son had been diddling his 12 year old cousin for years (He was 33). Yeah. NO.
This is such a good book.
Was it Enya? She had a ton of her music in commercials in the 90's
Our state has a damn chart for consent age.
Yup. Came here to say this. Wrist foot and kree in the misc. Pile. :)
Sweaters. I have really nice light sweaters. And a lot of tank tops to wear under v neck stuff.
Screaming buttons we call them
If it's a chimp it would win. They are way strong and have sharp teeth and mad crazy jaw muscles. Mofo can bit your face off and snap an arm like it's nothing. Bitch don't even need a knife. Unless it was like a lemur. I could probably take a lemur. Source: anthropology major
Don't study the day before and sleep well the night before. It takes 24 hours for that cramming to set in. Cram in advance. Basically study each week. Make questions and answers that may be on the exam and pop quiz yourself. Oh and ask the prof for tips during office hours. Oh. Do not. I reapeat. Not. Let the prof see you cry. Never show weakness to the enemy.
My boss had to tell our ceo, under no circumstances, would there be bathroom meetings. Ceo installed private loo in his office shorty after.
Some asshat at a club I did not want to be (obligation for work ) at grabbed almost every girls ass in my group until me when I turned around and told him "young man that is very inappropriate". Then I informed the bouncer and my totally yoked friend who stared him down the whole night. Fuckin people like that guy.
Guy 1. He was never there and married to his job. i Graduated college and got wine to celebrate. Woke up at midnight when he got home. Drank wine by myself. Guy 2. Told me I had to get rid of my cat. Had no emotions and only wanted sex in one position. Guy 3. Bragged about being stabbed and had no idea how to treat a girl. Spent all my money and was a drunk. I sure know how to pick them. But I'm with a chill dude now. We rock. No plans to get married and we are cool with that. Plus my cats love him and he loves the cats.
Isn't she against gay marriege and some other controvercial things too? I think it's just a ruse to cover up real stories like the TPP and the Freedom Act. We rather fawn over a celeb than worry about freedom.
I would like to see him shooting a gun and smoking a joint while high fiving an eagle and drinking a beer with an Iraq vet.
I just wished my bf liked makeup. He tolerates it but he's not a fan. Even when I do no-makup makeup he notices. I have okay skin and will use a bit of cover up most days (unless there is a miricle and the skin is flawless) but even a touch of brows and brown eyeliner accents and he's like, " :( " I guess I should be happy he likes my face.
Seriously. If you order a certain beer or drink day in and out (local dive bar, so you see people 5 days a week) and they switch to something you get confused. Or you are THAT guy who just orders a "vodka anything". He seriously just lets the bartender make a new vodka drink every day. Good guy.
Go to a craft cocktail bar where they choose your first drink for you based on your tastes, then each drink revise until you have found your poison. There are tons popping up all over.
First thing I noticed was your 'y's. Next thing, you are legit. Bartenders hate making coffee. If they wanted to be a barista they would have applied at starbucks.
My significant other is a fancy cocktail bartender and orders white Russians at bowling alleys. Then again, he likes white Russians. Also, I am a white Russian.
Even worse, Tuaca and Diet. BLARGGGGGGG
Because you mean business. You know what you want. You know to pace with a shot. Drink the beer slowly, take the shot. Rinse repeat. This type of person always pays their tab plus a big tip for not bothering them. We have a guy that comes in and orders a beer and a shot almost every day, he's polite, friendly and always in a good mood. He has also worked every single day since the end of February. Service industry makes you appreciate your booze.
