It depends. Do you want it to last, or do you want to cheap out on routine maintenance?
you can drive it in the US on canadian tags all you want (well, for a couple months atleast, given you are a canadian citizen). Question is whether one of those is legal in canada or not.
oh and RHD doesn't matter at all. My triumph was RHD, and many mail jeeps are as well.
if they give you 20k trade in, likely they will be in it another grand with a detail, inspection, etc. I see the accords advertise at $21.9k w/ incentives. So would you sell a car for the same price as a new one if it was used?
Well go ahead and give it a try then. Just temper your expectations more reasonably. It has to be a good deal for everyone. The dealer has no incentive to take a trade-in that they will lose money on.
I don't think they are trying to scam you. You got a tax break based on your trade-in value. Basically you only pay sales tax on the difference. However since it was a lease, you don't get this tax break. If it was a dealership that handles leases, this should never have happened. If they don't normally handle leases, then i can understand the mistake. You aren't obligated to keep the car in this situation, but it's kind of a dick move to not pay the taxes you owe.
in house loans are usually contingent upon someone living in the same county, just sayin.
i'll even ya out here with an upvote. Kinda sounds like they didn't give all the info.
Why would you let someone borrow your car for 6 months if they aren't trustworthy enough to have already repaired damage like that?
Nice Taco! Those old dell workstations, not so much. I feel your pain if you are in IT and trying to keep those running. We only have 4 and its a weekly chore.
haha.. no shit. My vacuum was a couple grand. But i've bought one set of filters and nothing else in a decade and it gets used multiple times a day. My shop vac at home needs filters every couple months.
aye, and if the dealer wants to chase it, he has to try to get complete payment, which lets be honest, is probably more than anybody who does bhph's net worth.
i've had a couple. Damn good batteries. Interstate's top of the line battery.
It should be on level ground, if it's leaning one way or the other it will become permanent when you bolt those things up.
You can pass inspection probably. The discount ones have the bare minimum platinum in them to make it pass. The more expensive ones will last more than a year or two.
If it is aftermarket it can be hazardous as flammable gasses can build up in the truck, if it's stock it will be vented to outside the truck by the manufacturer and is perfectly safe.
man i've been trying to buy my neighbors for 20 years. He died and his widow scrapped it. I cried.
That's a custom intake and 3 carbs. GoodParts still makes them i think. https://www.goodparts.com/shop/index.php?categoryID=2
I have the Cub Cadet mower in a self propelled walk behind. It has two blades side by side and 4 speeds. Used to take me 2-3 hours to push low my lawn with emptying bags. Now i mulch the whole thing with that bad boy in about half an hour. http://www.cubcadet.com/equipment/cubcadet/walk-behind-mowers/wide-area-walk-behinds/features That said i was looking into the honda harmony or snapper riders because they were the only ones that would fit through my gate (36") but they are fixed deck mowers and won't mow an non-flat lawn well. Anything else was too damn expensive.
not much short of an acre. Its more work than a rider (steering it mostly), but a similar amount of cut and speed for a fraction of the price.
ammonia will also ruin your tint if you have tinted windows. hence why you shouldn't use windex.
yeah. stock tint is inside the glass so it won't hurt it, but better safe than out $250 for a retint.
people always underestimate how much padding, plastic, and safety equipment is in a modern car. Having worked with airbags they are really fucking heavy.
usually only with new cars, not used.
yeah, that's why we dropped autotrader in favor of cars.com. They weight their ads so the premium cost listings show up first and the standard pages that us little guys use get shoved to the back of the bus.
