Oh fuck. RIP
Well, it was a no. Thankfully they're only in our work this week and two floors up. Will help stop any awkwardness hopefully. Shame as it would have been nice to speak to them and just get to know them more. Oh well, we move on.
The e-mail from Valke (sp?) is what did I think. There was no solid proof before that. That tipped it.
Yeah, they crumbled in my hands quite easily. Disappointing. No doubt due to the changes in salt allowed in food. Shame as I loved to indulge in them even though they were bad for you.
Superb.
Because of the exposure due to their cup run? Good to see anyway
Please come to Pittsburgh we have space and top four opportunities
Argentina? Are you for real? Also Mexico have had it twice already.
He went down like he was shot
DBC:14 is still £44 on Amazon. This saddens me. Although I have it on PS3, I use a PS4 now.
GAME.
I'm a lumberjack and I'm okay, I sleep all night and I work all day.
I live right by the seafront though and never heard a thing, let alone see one.
Same. Shame to see him go East
Why did Button get a penalty?
The Libyan migrants are really pushing the boat out now.
We all know that we should be collecting them, giving them a shave and a meal and then sending them back to Libya. We're too soft though and soon there will be an influx of people coming from North Africa into this country which we can do nothing about. If you want proof that we're too soft, look at those stowaways that were found in Harwich dock recently. They were released and **given asylum if they wanted to stay**. Of course they're going to take it, why do you think they've gone through all that. They should have been returned to the first safe country. But, we're too soft. Need a strong leader or UKIP will do better next time round. Whilst I don't agree that everything, like Housing and the NHS is because of immigrants they are the main cause. Especially when once the people are settled they can bring their family over I believe.
He'll stand as an Independent then switch to labour half way through.
I hearby banish you, begone!
There's is a reason those teams didn't qualify.. They weren't good enough. 32 is fine.
How does that work? If they weren't good enough to qualify now they would have less chance with fewer teams.
Ha that would be something.
Channel doesn't show in my country. :(
Sadly, yes.
GOSH?
