change all mentions of 'bastard' in 'Sneaky Bastard' to 'b*stard' so we at least get some of the word?
For pistolminds you can get it to 44/18/22 with Velocity .40, Polymer Flashlight, Ergo Grip, Extended Magazine, Pistol Red Dot Sight and Two Tone Slide. http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/mOLJFBCDa:pC8::s43-6-22-12-24-10-13:
How exactly are you getting it to 44/20/30 with that build? Here's the pistol you propose + Gunslinger Aced: http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/mOLJFBCDa:pC8::s43-15-24-13: That's 44/18/17.5, are you using Equilibrium and/or similar skills? That doesn't actually increase accuracy or stability, it just reduces spread by a very small amount compared to a higher accuracy. PD2skills unfortunately gives false stat boost numbers similar to in-game.
Thanks for the info! Standard interaction to use the TV, similar to the hand-dryer?
Akimbo Deagles are pretty amazing to play with.
Thanatos sucks ammo like a black hole, it's only good for maps with little combat.
Just a quick reminder, a rule of the subreddit is that you're not allowed to show someone's username if they haven't said you can. You may want to crop/black out those names.
He drops shit into trees when he's like a few meters above the things. He could swoop over a clearing instead.
Oh, this is an ARG trying to promote a payday 2 mod. That would have been helpful to explain.
Does that work for all character models? Is walking in front of a tased team-mate a valid strategy to break the taze before finding and shooting the taser?
PD:TH secret was the Overdrill and the secret vault on FWB. AFAIK the first team (Team 7200) just got special masks and first crack at PD2 beta.
Am I allowed to ask where I can find out about this thing that must not be discussed?
1. No, because I usually can circle-strafe them quickly when they're standing still and fire a few rounds into their heads. 2. Primary shotguns are not helmet poppers (Loco) - they're either concealable (Raven) or HE stunsticks (M104). 3. Pistols are kind of crap compared to your options in the Assault and Sniper Rifle categories. You're always going to be trading off. 4. Cops usually have predictable hurt animations, I roll with my ARs set to single-fire 90% of the time and I don't have any issues with follow-up shots on Tans.
game balance =/= IRL statistics
What exactly are you going on about? Is this more fan ARG? There's already enough noise surrounding the Secret, we don't need more.
Thanks for the information, I had no idea that effect existed. Now I can just disregard Cable Guy entirely and afford an 8-point build surplus.
Needing either Overkill or Bezerker to buff your mid-low pickup rate weapon to breakpoint 100 is not reliable. The loco doesn't need a 12-point skill to one-shot tans in the head, and you just don't need an automatic shotgun in general. That's not how helmet popping works.
The only problem is getting them here and engaged with asking for help. Most people probably won't even know we exist.
Arguably crippled by overspecialization - you don't have aced medbags, no Run &amp; Gun, you've taken Cat Burglar instead of Shinobi for some reason, Underdog is only really good for the ace, and Oppressor does not affect panic chance. On DW you'll never get enough hostages to compensate for the huge volume of damage-boosted fire coming your way, especially if snipers start eating entire segments of your HP wheel, and you won't have the medibags to keep yourself away from regular custody.
~~Isn't it possible to drop the Auto-fire attachment from that build, regain 2 acc and still reach the 40 breakpoint?~~ whoops nevermind I had left Bezerker on from earlier and just noticed the little blue skill boost on the side it was providing *two points* more, too. Just enough to skew my numbers without tipping me off with 50-damage SMGs.
Thanks, that makes sense.
Nah, we can already sort of see surface luminance through smoke and light gets scattered in smoke IRL anyway.
but *why* it sounds like a zany 2000's animated comedy movie this is so mood-breaking for Payday it hurts
Disturbing the Peace and threat suppression are different effects with separate mechanisms. Extra threat does not increase your odds of panicking an enemy. Please read the Long Guide's section on the Muscle deck.
There's overwhelmingly large numbers of students compared to mentors, and it'll be even worse during the summer sale. I signed up to help anyone who asks, I didn't sign up to ask every single person in the steam group if they need help.
