How can they guard anyone with an L85 and those stupid hats?
Some are good, some are great, some are terrible. All are better than the fucking degenerate anime text adventure games.
What is the warranty period on children?
So, you claim that Donetsk and Luhansk have US soldiers engaged in combat right now? Source? Keep earning those rubles comrade. Given how worthless they are, you'll need as many as you can get.
lol. You should make your lies less transparent.
Lots of combat in Lviv?
Keep dancing around your claims. It amuses me.
So, how was the incident resolved?
Who gives a flying fuck what they want?
I hope she doesn't destroy her future trying to do this, because she won't succeed.
HAHAHA! They can barely get announcing the next station correctly, or which train is arriving.
What race? You can't just give poor people a large payout and expect them to succeed with it. Doesn't matter what colour their skin is.
No one forced him to incapacitate himself. Being drunk is not an excuse.
How are they taking advantage?
Why isn't it ok?
If a cabbie was upfront with charging $1k, and some foolish drunk didn't notice or care, I would congratulate the cabbie. Manipulating drunks for profit is A-Ok in my books. Drivers caught inebriated should be summarily executed.
This is entirely untrue. I applaud your efforts to keep the lower classes from VR technology.
&gt; But I think good-will would be to buy back the licenses. Fuck that. Licenses were never meant to be a retirement investment, and the government is under no obligation to maintain their value.
Given their performance in Yemen, I'm unconcerned with selling the Saudi's weapons, since they are unable to use them effectively.
Fuck, that was close! Can you imagine the terror that would have been wrought if this man continued to collect things?! A whole 0 people could have died. Meanwhile, my elderly neighbour still has her driver's license, something that is guaranteed to end in tragedy, and yet nothing can be done.
Why the flying fuck would Israel cooperate with the UN on anything? The UN has allowed itself to be used as a political cudgel against Israel for a long time.
They should skip the harrier entirely and get the A7 done next. It would do really well next to F-18 and F-14.
On the other hand, Luckey claimed that it would be roughly in the ballpark of $350 as late as September. Previous numbers thrown about were between $200 and $400. Nebulous hints do not trump real numbers, so it's understandable why people feel betrayed.
With a launch price like that, I expect developers will think twice about continuing with VR support. Will the Elite Dangerous and DCS devs be able to justify the development time to support a niche product like this with their already niche software?
$65 shipping? Do you live in Alert?
