I'm very familiar with sarcasm. That wasn't sarcasm, it was somebody who was incredibly wrong. Just stop.
There's a link discussing it in the sidebar. Suffice to say, I'm still more than qualified to discuss the law.
Have you received a diagnosis? Are you getting counseling to help with the problem?
I don't think you fully appreciate exactly how much you don't want to do this.
I assume he's being blackmailed and he's trying to tell us that something is wrong.
That's actually brilliant. It's a shame it sounds like a slur.
Just buy a damn pipe like a normal person.
"Phobia of cigarettes?" Really dude? You should be rethinking your career path.
Ah, okay. Yeah, big difference. I took a look on angel list, they've got some solid people on board, and I'm sure they're going to get millions in angel funding before they ever really get started. Even then, they may never take off. OP is not in the same category. I also guarantee that their very first step was to pay a very large retainer to a reputable law firm.
I question the demand. Their video presents gas stations as this massive drain on time, but I just can't imagine that people really feel that way. If I'm in the car driving, I'm always going to be driving right past a half-dozen gas stations. The only way I can imagine using this service is if they were somehow quite a bit cheaper than anything else.
What does your contract say that makes you think they're in the wrong here?
As an Ambassador Extraordinary from the State of Colorado, I hold diplomatic immunity.
Yeah, this is the sort of thing that will draw DEA attention even in Colorado.
You need a lawyer in Nevada. It's really not optional for something like this.
You may not qualify for a PD, but you can try. Call the local PD's office and ask about qualifications.
That just sounds like a really odd clause. I'm not convinced you aren't misremembering it.
They only get one. After that, he'll have to serve as a slave on board a pirate ship.
How do you think I got all of my comment karma?
~~He should have his doctor call in another scrip, or just go without.~~ He won't have any withdrawals unless he's using way too much. If you go through a TSA checkpoint with this and get caught, you're going to get arrested.
Haha, I don't think I've ever been called out so much for a mistake on here.
Totally agree. He should sue, but damned if I'd ever expect to collect. This was a lesson that cost more than my Bachelor's.
Call the cops. There's no way this is legit.
Give 'em a call. They'll usually let you reschedule a couple of times. It's perfectly reasonable if you're going on vacation.
It's absolutely grounds for termination or corrective action. On the plus side, you may learn firsthand that welfare isn't only for people who don't want to work.
It's hilarious to me that people who misunderstand government functions like welfare also misunderstand government functions like enforcement of the first amendment.
