Only if batman gets preptime
Same as an elevator
That is a very good question, that maybe deserves its own thread. Im on it!
^^^Hail ^^^Satan *Blink* ^^^Hail ^^^Satan *Blink* ^^^Hail ^^^Satan
*Reality check,* *Reality check,* *Reality check*
But, but plasma!
I dont think dirt roads develop potholes or washbording if there are no water/rains. The road between the settlements would not be hard to substian, the rest wasnt much of a road. The raiders in the caynon probably kept that road clear. It was my understanding that the leaders of gastown and bulletfarm where Joes brothers, and he was the oldest and therefor ruled them all. They didnt seem super loyal, be he had the only know large source of water around. The bikers with have a underground in a cave somewhere. It seemed like not many solarcells survived the fall, and they couldnt make new ones
yeah, its more the ring of (inner) fire
Compare the center of the galaxy, and you will see that the maps have the same "north", while terra is in the "south" in the old maps and in the "west" in the new maps
Flash can reach lightspeed by himself mostly, add superman to that, and all the speed he got from the other speedster (who came from a race of energy beings who were all speedsters, who gave that speedster all their speed) and flash had a lot of speed to work with. 7 billion humans, superman, the other guys planet and all their speed.
probably their zombies
Pain is greater then plesure. Even the greatest orgasm is nothing to the feeling when the flesh sings. With that said, the fact that his human side was freed did change him
Later versions of him could remove these problems with the speed force iirc. He can choose if he wants to expeirence relatistic effects.
Our universe have been destroyed by an incursion. :/
every zombie ate galactus
Well, this beats my fanfiction!
Thats very much breaking the 4th wall.
Yeah, its not like a jedi should just lie down. "oh no, i lost my defensive weapon, i cant just use that blaster that is right beside me, thats a offensive weapon. huh, seems like will just die then"
&gt;They were just writing books to get paid. Aint that kinda the opposite of fanfiction? Having the owners permission to write it. Fanfiction is when you just write what you want, a unautorized fan writing their own fiction in the setting, aka fanfiction.
read the rules pal, you keep breaking the 4th wall to much. If you cant keep in universe, then this is not the sub for you
OP did kinda ask a 4th wall question, this is not the sub for this. When the entire question is 4th wall breaking, its not really any use to hold hard on that rule
&gt;Cyberdyne couldn't have developed the processor for Skynet without the Terminators' (1984) death after finding his parts in the factory. Why not? What makes you say that? Ofcourse they did, casue evidently, they did! Just casue some developer said it dont make it true. Also the parts he got from the terminator was from the future, after Skynet had upgraded itself a lot, so its not the same as the first time. The one he developed with the help of the scrap parts was probably more advanced then the orignal one. He couldnt develop the one he did with the parts without having the parts in the first place, but he did develop a similar one without the parts the first time around. Let me make into a real world historical example. Say you timetraveled and forgott your smartphone in alan turings house. Now, he finds this, with help of it, develops a very basic smartphone. He can now truthfully say "i could never have doen that without that timetravelers smartphone", becasue without the smartphone, he never did. But he did develop the predissesor for it, the first computer. Same here. Without the processor, the one he made was not as advanced. With it, he was able to make a new, more advanced, that he would never have been able to do before, without the terminator. The first time they did it themselfs, just that the second time, when they had the parts, it was only easier.
Ok
You can, and you are allowed to break the 4th wall if you are providing sources, discussion canon or invoking the word of god. What are not allowed to do is say stuff like "cause the author forgott" or awnser a question about if the ET universe is connected with the star wars universe with "Its just a easter egg". What you could have said, and would probably have been allowed, is if you taggad it as 4th wall breaking, And said something along the line with "(4th wall breaking) Its just a easter egg, its not canon. Just a nod to Steven from lucas.Lucas said so." Note: i dont know if its canon or not, just a example, as your current awnser is both against the rules of the sub, may be false, doesnt provide a source nor explaining why you broke the 4th wall, may be you just saying it casue you think these people are silly or stupid nerds trying to find a connection where its obviously just a ester egg. Im not saying you are a asshole, im just saying i have seen that happen.
Yeah, but even then you need to get rid of *a lot* of ice in order to make in the same shape as the wall. Even if the glacier is the same height, it will be much juch wider, and not have as steep sides. You will need to remove a lot of material to get it wall shaped, and by then it would almost be easier to just build the wall bottom up.
