Lol I've never seen spy kids 2 but yeah exactly like that
I don't remember mine cycling thru all the numbers but I could be wrong. I've only tried it once on one jeep and it gave me the right code
She came and started farting
Totally random, but Your username is like a rearranging of "Peggy tanzer"..someone I Know
I used to drive a 1991 maroon crown Victoria, I thought getting pulled over once a month was totally normal. Then I got a less ridiculous vehicle and it's maybe once or twice a year
Going over rocks and such
Wait. He was just selling stolen credit cards?
I loved that game but I beat it in a couple hours and I'm not one for the challenges and stuff
Good skill if you decide to watch attack on titan, intro is like 8 minutes long
When I was a kid and that show was playing I always thought it looked super lame, then it blew me away when I was like 21, one of only 4 shows I've watched all the way thru
Starting small imo is really the only way to go. I didn't one day just decide to spend a couple hundred dollars on fish tank shit. I got a 10 gallon cuz I thought it would be cool. Then I bought a couple plants, upgraded tank sizes, found out about aquascaping and have little by little Been collecting everything I need to have my dream tank. Same with my jeep. I have a friend on the other hand who drops money into a hobby then quits after a month or so. A few months back he told me and another friend he was getting into leatherworking. Couple weeks later I asked if he's made anything and he says "nah, I need to buy more tools first ".... how can you invest so much in a hobby which you only like the idea of? He has no idea if he will even like leatherworking.
Offroading(or more building up your truck), lifting weights, just depends how much you wanna delve into it
Eh. I feel like planted tanks can get equally or more ridiculous than saltwater (although admittedly I know near nothing of saltwater tanks) What with light levels, light spectrums, co2 systems, conditions to breed different fish and inverts.. but the coolest part to me is simply the styling of the whole thing. Look up aquascaping contests, some of those tanks are so damn cool. If someone told me 3 years ago that setting up a fish tank is a form of art I would roll my eyes but it totaly is, and it's almost the only form of artistic expression that I really enjoy. I'm creating a little underwater world in which different critters will interact. Then after initial planting you get to watch it all grow out. You kind of set it up not in a way that looks super awesome, but in a way that will look super awesome when all of your plants start taking off. Edit: oops, I kinda misunderstood what you were saying, my rant pretty much confirms what you say instead of arguing against it.
I am on mobile haha thank you for My first gold!
Always sunny, breaking bad and trailer park boys although they're due for 2 more seasons. There may be one or 2 other shows but I can't think of them right now
I might have been also. My memory sucks and I guessed
Bitching
Oh shit. This is the best example of this I have ever heard
Take his advicd, stop comparing yourself to other people, your lift numbers are not very good. But that's totally ok because you're new to this. Just go lift weights until you can lift more than you used to
Oh they won't hatch though
Nerite eggs don't hatch in fresh water
Freshwater tanks doesn't always mean planted though, they're just usually just talking about looking nice
I have a cousin with that name. .he has our last name tattoo's across his chest. ..spelled wrong. I wish I could make this up
That's so fucking extreme
My mind fucking wanders. I Think of some particular incident then get curious about one random detail and that leads me on a trail of random bullshit
