See you l8er boy
Dang, she'd be a lucky girl to get hit on by a TNA legend
But how's the PS4?
Have you played TEW? The most over wrestler in the video game is figuratively a fictional version of Adam Rose. He could get over with the right booking
No way! WAs just reading about him helping young talented in NXT a few days ago, RIP!
He had a Honda Sonata! He was nice the entire trip! I didn't talk to him too much, but my friend and him had a great convo when I left!
They call hiiiiiim Cage.
Hi
I played the entire series throughout High School but senior year passed until I could finish 3 (I started a week before prom). I felt more emotionally attached to Shepard and crew more than my friends from HS when it ended. The game will always be a massive part of my life
I'm really into a good Christian girl right now, and since she would drag me to church on Sunday, spending time in Italy exploring Venice and Florence before shuttling it to the Vatican for worship sounds like a fulfilling weekend
My first playthrough he died in the Suicide Mission. So it took me the second time around for my cry my eyes out
I definitely agree. Even unpopular characters like Jacob and Ashley each formed a bond with me that I couldn't ignore. With limited screen time, ME was able to create Legion into a beautiful, misunderstood creature and Zaeed into the king of bad asses
I just pictured him railing off that list!! Yeah, he's a world class bad ass. One of those characters you just are happy has your back with their bad assery!!
"Hahaha I will be taking over Manhattan...with the People's Elbow!!"
Pros: Has extensive playing time for a player at his age without super high expectations. I would say he has panned out quite well for someone w ho was drafted in the mid 20s. Could become a very good 3 and D player like Wes Matthews. It's up to Bud to develop this kid Cons: Didn't get the best value of the earliest non lottery pick. Still a lot of relatively good talent available for us to choose from
I know, that's what I said.
Happy birthday!
20 male California
Also pretty much most of Asia's distant uncle
Well what had happened was we went out for a movie. I ended up saying "wow you religious kids weren't allowed to watch Star Wars? That's too sheltered, in my opinion". She went off about how judgemental that was and told me thay the only way I was getting home was in her trunk. I said no way that was happening, so here I am. My Uber driver was amazing too, older guy told me all about experiences with his friends! :)
On and off, usually when I have a drink or two. I never really get drunk in public but still best not to get caught driving after a few drinks. Safer for everyone. It depends I've had 1-2 really rude drivers but the last few have been amazing!
That year the most "obvious" choice was the most intriguing. Jericho vs Punk with more fanfare could've been huge
Turning 21 in April! Not a heavy drinker but I'd love to rub elbows with community at night. I hope I prepare for it before I do
If you need a few days, save up a paycheck or two. Cities like Seattle or Memphis have hotel-airfare packages on Orbitz that cost around 300-400 bucks for half a week!
He's also in the new Star Wars movie coming out next year! There are actually two asian male protagonists in Rogue One!
