http://imgur.com/d51xYFl [Non-hentai from Devil and Realist](/spoiler)
The flush the foot flag came off one of the inner tube vehicle toys IIRC. Presumably the Turtle one.
Damn that sucks. You can try Arata the Legend too I guess, that I think is still going. The romance isn't quite like you wanted though. It's there but its second to the action and it's a love triangle kinda.
The Akron and Cleveland Zoos are great places to visit if you like animals.
Man, I love Hudsons. This sucks monkey balls.
She was very cute!
Lol, I was in Con Ops often enough over the weekend too.
Aren't you just the most brave guard dog, huh? XD
What crime do I have to commit to be chased by adorable bouncing kittens?
I can see why you'd be confused. It totally looks like some kind of chastity bra or something. Hell, I was even gonna suggest it might be for fitting bras, but no dirtyqtip is right and it has nothing to do with brassieres at all.
Is this by the Oh My Goddess guy?
Yeah they're still pieces of shit (I got a Stargate one and it sucked), but the ones in the pic seem well, a bit shittier than even that.
I've only been in the gym for a Biden rally, but it was nice. The tax measures always seem to pass easily there too.
It's a ball of fluff and eyes. Nothing else.
"RIDGE RACER!!!!" Oh and "hit the weak point for massive damage!"
But it did launch a 1000 memes. Or at least two.
The only really good Minion thing is the Minion Goodyear blimp.
It's apparently been redone for iOS at least. No more paid transactions, but it costs two bucks now.
Holy shit, that ray is HUGE!
Okay fine, so it's a dangerous ball of fluff and eyes. XP
It was actually a promotion for Despicable Me 2, but here ya go: http://imgur.com/hj7iAob
Not sure exactly what it was I'll look around and see.
It's this: http://brickset.com/sets/30320-1/Gallimimus-Trap
Yeah, it's all made up. Says so on their about page.
My Target often has sets for cheap. I found an open and resealed Minecraft Crafting Box set for twenty-five bucks. Still seems to have everything too.
