I think you might lose a lot of money.
You are a pretty simple person.
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
AH!
Its okay, i survived.
PETE JUST FLEW INTO THIS TOWN AND HE'S HAVKING UP ALL THE WOMEN'S MEAT
FUCK THIS THREAD IM GONNA EAT SAUSAGE
You know the NBA has gone completely soft when we obsess over a baby in a post-game interview more than we obsess over the league's best players... It's time to forget about Riley
I agree
Everybody just needs to shut up about "riley curry is the greatest thing to ever happen to the nba since jordan" shit because that's how the NBA is treating it. There's been more coverage of her in the past week than curry or lebron.
Japa dog?
This is just weird coming from him.
AND
Right, but they sure didn't call New Vegas the Mojave Wasteland and same with D.C.
These all sound like some fun for a more advanced character, i will try it out wih my already-made character tho
The score's tied at 239 a piece heading into the 10th overtime in game 7 at the looney toon arena. LeBron has 200 points, Lola with 30, Taz with 5, and Foghorn Leghorn was fouled twice for 4 points. On Curry's team, Steph has 179, Bugs has 30, Daffy has 10, Elmer has 2 and Bills Murray has 8. LeBron is completely gassed- scoring most of his teams points by playing every single minute of the game, trying to beat Michael's space jam record as well as beat Steph. Steph, however, was tired but fine; and was capable of taking control of this game. As the buzzer sounded and 5 more minutes were added to the clock, Lola suggests Bron should take a break. LeBron shouts, but agrees- and in comes foghorn leghorn. In 1 minute, Steph scores 15 points and 5 assists to bugs and daffy, as well as 1 to a wide open elmer fudd. LeBron looks up at the scoreboard in disgust, and a gleam out of the corner of his eye catches his gaze- Bill Murray drinking out of a white water bottle. Some purple tape and black text written in hasty sharpie appear on the other side of the bottle, and Bill Murray stops drinking and sets it down. LeBron screams "timeout!" And the game stops with exactly 3:30 left. "Yo tweety, come here" the bird comes over to LeBron as he whispers in her ear. Tweety nods, then flys off in the direction of Steph's team bench. As Lola tries to draw up a strategy, LeBron can only stare at tweety struggle to carry the bottle, he gaze never leaving. She finally returns with the bottle exhausted, and LeBron takes it back to the bench. "Michael's Secret Stuff" the bottle reads, and when nobody is looking, LeBron crosses out Michael's name and writes his own. LeBron takes a sip, and immediately downs the whole bottle after realizing its power. The buzzer sounds, and LeBron is to guard Curry. "Time to change eras, old man." Says Curry. "Man, shut your mouth little girl." Says LeBron, who pushes off Curry to catch a pass from Lola. LeBron screams as he runs over Steph, tramples daffy, steps on Bugs, then finally uses Bill Murray as a launchpad to soar 40 feet in the air for the 1080 dunk. All of the looney toons' jaws drop, and LeBron shrugs. As the fame progresses, there is no stopping LeBron; but Steph is persistent. With 30 seconds to go, Steph trails by 5; another timeout is called. LeBron heads back to the bottle to find it's empty, and he immediately goes to the ref to complain. The ref gives him a warning after 25 death threats from Bron, and the game continues. In the huddle, LeBron gives his team commands. "Okay: Lola, cut to the basket. Bird, set some screens. Big Chicken thing, fly around and check some people." Curry gathers his team. "Okay guys, ughh, have fun out there." Curry gets the ball from the pass from Bugs. As LeBron charges towards Steph with a full head of steam along with Taz, Steph throws a 3-point alley-oop to Bill Murray. Down by only 2 now, LeBron takes up the ball. Dribbling around for 20 seconds, Steph's entire team is now on LeBron but he refuses to pass it. Finally, with nobody open, he shoots it; and watches as the clock goes down to 0.0: the ball still soaring through the air. "Yes! All hail the King baby!" He shouts. "Suck my nutsack MJ, you Chicago piece of..." LeBron stops talking as the ball hits back iron and soars back across the entire court- and into the other basket. Steph's team can't believe it, and the crowd goes nuts. LeBron bows his head into defeat as he goes into the press conference sporting an all-black turtleneck and skinny jeans. "LeBron, who is most accountable for he loss today?" Asks a reporter, eager to hassle LeBron. "I found that the officiating wasn't really up to par, and my teammates are fuckin' looney toons. Also my coach Bacid Dlatt doesn't know shit, and i play for quite possibly the shittiest team in the league; i mean i carried us here. I am the only reason we're here." LeBron pauses for a moment and looks down at his microphone. "But we play as a team, and we're all to blame really... We win together, and we lose together. As the press conference starts to end, LeBron reveals he is taking his talents to Acmeville.
My personal favorited are *"12 Angry Men"* and *"the Treasure of the Sierra Madre"*
I typed it on my phone in like 7 minutes so i guess that explains the quality
Already played this lol... I played a rapper from New Reno who just gets drunk kn vodka, whiskey, then jet and heads to the casino to gamble away
I write and publish books in my free time. Not even my closest friends know.
Or those vaults that crazy people usually have in their backyard in our world
What? You payed $400 for them, not using/needing them ever would sure seem like the college is just screwing you over, wouldn't it? And why would they do that?
Away for a week, can't play fallout until monday, don't have any fixer. Halp plz.
How so, if i might ask?
Sounds good, if i have to say! I never actually thought that people would want to read it right away... Should have though that through. I will make some adjustments to the story and will try to get it up soon!
