Maybe they'd be up for *Propeller*. Or, more likely, I'm going to put together a proposal for *Separation Sunday*.
Lightspeed is open! Also, I find it interesting that even though the Saturday Evening Post's contest is for Great American Fiction that evokes America, there's no explicit rule that I can see that it has to be written by an American. Heh. Heh heh. I have some work to do.
Wasn't big on the new Hot Chip but besides that this list looks pretty familiar.
That's tomorrow, yeah?
Ok, so you have an idea. Have you finished a written draft - ideally four or five - of this idea?
Same here. I tried scheduling them last time and that was a big cock up so I'm just going to tweet from my phone directly every half hour.
Pretend it's YA, because going by this PitMad thing it's the only stuff agents are snapping up.
Right? I mean, we're not talking about high art here, no matter how much Reddit tries to pretend Nolan is Scorsese. They're superhero movies - most of us could probably have written the basis of them, complete with dialogue, when we were twelve.
I've known this particular user for a while, they're a theatre writer - a playwright. Generally speaking, anyone with that kind of experience could conceivably knock out a screenplay over the weekend - it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done. We're talking 120 pages max, nowhere near as full as a 120 page novel, and let's say half dialogue if we're doing an action-oriented piece (more for the artsier stuff). Plus, it's a 120 or so pages of superhero stuff - let's be serious here, we're not talking about stuff that you have to think really hard about. Guardians of the Galaxy was fun and all, but it isn't burdened by an overly intricate plot or weighty dialogue.
Hey hey hey woah woah woah There are some decent writers on Reddit. Hell there are some decent writers on /r/writing.
Yeah, we'll have to agree to disagree I guess.
You're right, that's not what I said. I said nothing about anything being "finished". In fact, if you'd care to read what I said, it was: &gt;- it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done So you're arguing something completely different than what I'd originally laid out. FYI there are people who knock out the first draft of a 50,000+ word novel in 72 hours. They do it every Labour Day weekend. As I said above, they're first drafts and require work to bring them around to something salable, but people do it all the same. The first draft of a 120 page screenplay over the course of a weekend is entirely within the realm of possibility.
Isn't that the same newscaster that used to tell me about the miracle cure of acai berries?
Sorry, I guess I need to sharpen my hair-splitting knife.
Actually, I believe the technical term is "Proto-CBGB Richard Hell? Never Heard Of Him Punk".
She drove it like she stole it She stole it fast and with a multitude of casualties
/r/synthwave - for that early 80s coke-numbed nihilist feeling!
Yes, absolutely. *Darkness On The Edge Of Town* is the moment where Springsteen stopped believing in the power of redemption for his characters. His losers stayed losers, and they struggled to hang on to what they had rather than reach for more. Also, the title track is hands down the best song he ever wrote.
Hard to say. Either *Let Love In* or *Dig, Lazarus, Dig!!*. *Murder Ballads* is too obvious, *Tender Prey* comes close but doesn't quite make the cut, *Your Funeral My Trial* is brilliant but messy. *And No More Shall We Part* would normally be my answer but I'm in the mood for loud, not reflective, which cuts out *Push The Sky Away* as well, even though the title track there is easily one of the ten best songs he ever did.
Hmm. I have to go with *October Rust* because the first girl I ever loved and I used to fuck to it all the time. I feel deep down that *Bloody Kisses* is a better album, but my dick says something different, so...
This is the absolute truth. The clueless teenagers of 1996 didn't get it, but it's really a leap forward for the band.
Insomniac
*Funeral* is the safe answer, *Reflektor* is the real answer.
God, yes, he's amazing on that album.
Oh, I was joking. The only album worse than St Anger is the Black Album.
