The amount of muscle he gained while staying shredded is considered next-to-impossible in that time-frame without steroids. Google says he went from 120 lbs to 230, and then down to 190 all in 6 months. So that's a 110lb weight gain in 6 months, which is around .6 lbs per day. Moreover most of that .6 would have to be muscle, and humans can't naturally gain muscle that quickly. EDIT: wrong maths
Afraid this isn't the case. Most hover around 5%.
Tavors have a selective fire system. Perhaps he's just saying that soldiers typically don't use the fully automatic setting.
It's not an altarpiece. It's the altar wall of the Daredeviled Sistine Chapel.
Yes as I said they "Daredeviled" it. I imagine they took away the double-arch so the Punisher skull would fit more cleanly. It's clearly supposed to be based on the Sistine Chapel. They open with *The Creation of Adam*.
They're the Gaza Strip government and they stand for the destruction of Israel. They execute terrorist attacks upon Israel, primarily through unguided rockets shot into civilian areas. They also plan infiltrations into Israel using tunnels for kidnappings, shootings, and bombings. They use international aid and building supplies to create more tunnels used for smuggling and terrorist attacks, although both Israel and Egypt destroy these tunnels when they find them. Any internal Palestinian resistance is suppressed and Gazans are routinely executed. (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamas#Extrajudicial_executions_of_rivals) Most Western nations consider them to be a terrorist organization.
What's confusing about it? B'Tselem is trying to smear the Shin Bet while skirting the fact that they're aiding in the detention, torture, and murder of Palestinians for selling land to Jews.
The bot fails to mention how this land was purchased legally from a church, and that the initial plans are to build a hotel. No building permits for a settlement have been issued. Moreover, "Israel" doesn't plan to establish a settlement there, just the rich guy who bought the land. Talk about a slanted article.
Most people probably don't know this because /worldnews mods have been deleting all the stories on the hundreds of terror attacks perpetrated by Palestinians on Israelis in the last few months. First they shoved all the stories into poorly updated sticky threads, and then they got rid of those too. How is a terror attack in Israel "local news" if a terror attack *anywhere else* isn't?
The blockade only started after Hamas incessantly attacked Israel. Plus, Egypt also enforces the blockade, which a lot of people forget/neglect to mention. It seems as though Hamas can't play nice. There's a reason most of the west defines them as a terrorist organization like ISIS or Al Qaeda.
Many Jews (like myself) find the rabid anti-Israel sentiment on campus troubling. One can be a Zionist and still find Israeli policies problematic. Zionism just means we believe in a state for the Jewish people (Note: this doesn't mean a Zionist must be opposed to a Palestinian state). However, now Zionism has become akin to a swear word, and people who know very little about the history of the I/P conflict are screaming for the indictment of Israel, banning Israeli scholars or scholars with a pro-Israel stance, and conflating all Zionists with war criminals.
Apparently the rotisserie chickens at the main Canadian chains (I usually go to Metro) are actually sold at a loss (or at least cost). They're meant to make you hungry and buy more food, or bring you to the grocery store to begin with. There's a reason they're always by the entrance.
It's for the Jewish people, not practitioners of Judaism (a religion). Zionism is a secular movement. Remind me, which country prints "In God we trust" on their currency?
If you support the Palestinians (not saying you do) how do you reconcile your dislike for a Jewish national movement with your support of a Palestinian national movement? Also note that while Israel includes many Arab citizens (20%), Abbas has gone on record saying a future Palestinian state will have 0 Jews.
There are different subsets of Jews who share similar genes. The main ones are Ashkenazim (Eastern European), Sephardim (Spanish), Mizrahim (Middle Eastern), and the Beta Israel as you mentioned (Ethiopian). Within these subsets Jews tend to share similar genes (about as much as any other race). EDIT: To add to this, this is why Ashkenazim have stereotypes about their appearance. Dark hair, brown eyes, curly hair, etc.
Jewishness is separate from Judaism. Judaism is the religion of the Jewish people. Jews tend to share genes much like any race (especially the subsets e.g Sephardic Jews).
How long do you think Gaza has been blockaded for?...
To question 1, no. The religion has changed over thousands of years, the gene pool has remained similar (about as much as any other race over that amount of time). To question 2, yes. They would still be considered Jewish. 42% of Israeli Jews define themselves as atheist.
I believe with this jackpot a very rich person would already make a profit if they played all the numbers and no one else won. However, it would take something like a full year to process that many tickets (saw someone else post the math on it but I'm too lazy to find it).
I don't know what that time is.
I'm certainly not. I responding to a comment saying that NATO should be political allies with Iran. Also, regarding the Iranian populace, are you so sure they're the moderates you claim, or are you just regurgitating what everyone else in the thread is saying? What do you think state-sponsored Sharia law and holocaust denial does to a populace? How can you explain Iranian citizens chanting "Death to America!"? What you're saying is that the populace of an extremely conservative theocracy that's flooded with propaganda somehow remains liberal, while I find that very hard to believe.
The US doesn't execute political dissidents, children, or LGBTs. The US isn't a theocracy, doesn't deny the holocaust, or follow sharia law. This is the BS I'm talking about. The US has its problems but comparing it to Iran is absurd.
Really cool mod. I think it'll become popular. Thoughts on doing the rest of synth armour? synth armour looks like a nasty hunk of plastic, rather than hi-tech armour of the future, and there really aren't any good retex's out yet.
Ethnically Jewish means one whose lineage is Jewish (like a race/ethnicity). Ashkenazim are a subset of Jews from Eastern Europe that stereotypically have dark curly hair and brown eyes and are most likely the "look" you're talking about. However, Ashkenazim look radically different than say Beta Israel (Ethiopian Jews) or Mizrahim (Middle Eastern Jews), who are also ethnically Jewish.
Yes it does have meaning. It's usually a slightly unfortunate thing to say because their understanding of "looking Jewish" is most likely based on Nazi propaganda (not that they're aware of this). Plenty of Ashkenazim have blond or red hair and green or blue eyes.
