To pee with you idiot
&gt;very detailed &gt;The entire ocean floor has now been mapped to a maximum resolution of around 5km, which means we can see most features larger than 5km across in those maps. LOL no
because it makes bush look crazy bad or serial killery back story
Contact COC? Because, if it's not official, it's going to be *hilarious* fallout.
You must have missed the bush years
I'd vote let kids be kids and make some remark about "I love ANW and none of the people on that show are your size" I'm a little protective, I'd be in SJW face if she says anything else
Not like you can change your weight right?
I'd feel so much safer if black people had a curfew after nine. I'd have so much fun Ojhh crud, went full storm front
Ah Amazon wishlist for the lulls. http://amzn.com/w/3IVQT6CLJA3BP
Triple xl shirt size, lol
click clack, the tappet brothers are at it again!
lol, you do realize that ATF errrrrr FAA regs are now outdated and pax planes being overweight is a growing concern. &gt;Since 1995, most airlines have assumed a weight of 180 pounds for each adult passenger in summer and 185 pounds in winter; checked bags are assumed to weigh 25 pounds each. I really hope they go towards weighing passengers just for the hilarious meltdown that will cause, even though it's ... literally not to die. Because, weight and balance charts are realz, not feelz. I can't find it right now, but there used to be this most beautifully written rant that some alaskan bush pilot was fatphobic and shit, because he weighs each passenger and then shouts the weight to a ground crew guy to plug into his Center of mass?? and weight tables. It was beautiful. Sauce: http://www.nytimes.com/2003/05/13/us/weight-estimates-on-air-passengers-will-be-increased.html
tumblrbot, you'll always be my true love &lt;3
It reminds me of i'm awesome, by spose.
I got trapped between two HUGE people, they both were on top on my seat when I was little. It was a terrible 7 hour flight. I couldn't even drink and pass out. One time, a very large black woman sat next to me, and i had to lift her belly roll to access my radio volume and channel buttons. Then she had the gall to stare at me like I just tried to rape her. It was bad.
There used to be a "sort by bought' that I loved. But I'd get sad and get drunk as a skunk that I couldn't get people to buy me macs. But amazon got rid of that feature in the last 2 years.
Challenge accepted?
huh, interesting.
lel
that he is!
Basically, if your index fingers were guns that discharged, how fucked would you be? AKA, what are your fingers currently pointed at. Also, what is a dream gun of your's. It's my friday night, I'm drinking, sue me.
That's what the FAA assumes for weight. That doesn't mean the individual airline doesn't do other methods. But, pretending the airline didn't figure it out for itself, they'd just use the FAA math and plug that into the center of gravity calculator which basically lets you know if the plane is going to be able to fly or crash horribly.
lol
Damnit, my bad, I didn't realize there was a sub for this. In repayment, I'll grab a beer, and then upload photos after bluing guns thursday
did you see how pitted it started off as? sorry bro, you're kinda an idiot
