Engineers also accounts for people running in vehicles a lot, so you might see similar numbers for medics and engineers.
I've heard the new keyboards have an excellent keybed, although they're a bit feature-lacking for keyboards that expensive. That being said, if you want Komplete, and you want a keyboard, you might as well buy them.
ah, whoops.
Think of it this way- future you, under the genjutsu, wouldn't feel sad that they don't have any pain. Sure, you wouldn't be happy during the process of being forced into the genjutsu, but in the long term you'd be much happier. Given that Madara knows this, and given that you're still the same person under the genjutsu (whether by the pattern or continuity theory of conciousness, or because you're in the narutoverse and absolutely guaranteed to have a soul) it would be the most ethical (at least from a utalitarian persective) thing for Madara to do, regardless of what you currently want. Plus, a sufficiently good simulation is indistinguishable from reality, and we don't get any indication that the people under the IT realize they're dreaming. Any lotus eating machine worth its salt would make sure to include just enough problems in the dream to make you feel like you're still struggling and doing something meaningful, but not so many that your overall enjoyment is decreased. And the IT is certainly worth its salt, as countless ninja, experienced at spotting through illusions, don't realize something is wrong. Scary thought for the day: what if the IT succeeded, but in their dreams people saw themselves beating it, because that's what made them happiest?
\&gt;intertwined \&gt;battle for all eternity Dunno, man. Sounds kind of hot ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
More Uchiha dickery, but that happens every chapter so it doesn't really need to be said.
...And promptly move onto the second biggest problem: the big crunch. Oh well, you win some, you lose dome :P
No, the 1.71 figure is the square root of 3 divided by two, like how 2 is the square root of 4 divided by two. Screens are in two dimensions, which is why this happens
/r/niceguys edit: this is, in fact, a troll. A good one, but a troll nonetheless.
I'd say the majority of the planet, easily, believes he existed. His divinity is in question, but muslims, christians, jews, hindu, even many atheists believed he existed. That definitely accounts for, at least (by my estimate) 2.5 billion, and likely more.
This is where it's at, man. Memorizing key signatures was way too much of a pain in comparison.
Eh, it's a bit hard to say. If they're positively massive, maybe, but it's rather difficult to kill someone with your bare hands. I'm also a fairly tall dude, so I don't get intimidated by tall people (even when they're taller than me.)
still neckbeardly, but not nearly as much as believing it's his waifu.
Not like a prank, but like one of those series of pictures where people take an object on a trip with them then take pictures of them with that object. The joke would be that he brought something as ridiculous as a cardboard cutout of a waifu. (That is, assuming he doesn't actually think it's his waifu. HE very well might-- I just don't know without being provided more context than a reddit title.)
Itachi-senpai-kun would like to disagree with you.
Yeah, that's bullshit. Except for create outfit to thirty, that can stay. I get the impression that people who join the game then make an outfit just for their friends don't stay long anyways.
I actually run both pretty well on my new computer, and passably on my old computer (i5 4430, intel HD graphics), but forgelight has had serious issues scaling up to large fights and with server performance. The multi threading update has significantly improved performance, though.
I know the problems this system has, but I feel that the potential for new player retention could rise significantly if implemented correctly. For the first group, if they make their own outfit it's just the blind leading the blind, and they leave, overwhelmed. For the second group, unlocks like this have been going on for ages on much more popular games (read: COD), so I don't think it'll negatively impact recruitment of new players. For the third group, it's all bad, yeah. That being said, if you're in an outfit and making alts, you're already pretty likely to stay with the game, the ultimate purpose of the update.
&gt;As it is still wishlist, a lot could change including full takebacks. Yeah, as I see it, that's my primary concern. I like the general idea, but I think items need to be shuffled around so players are immediately funneled into being useful to their team (medic, engi, MAX standard, for example) with more niche things coming in later (like infiltrator) but everything unlocking by BR 15. Except for outfit creation, that can stay at BR 30.
Yeah, it might be a good idea if they were to make it account-wide.
Ahh, makes sense.
&gt;Asari_Lover You don't get a say, you filthy alien loving heretic. I bet you keep illicit vanu pornography in your bunk, too! Report to your nearest commissar, for immediate application of BLAM.
&gt;I would have never continued playing this game if Infiltrator didn't exist. Mained it from BR1 to BR100. That hardly contradicts what I said. It's a niche interest- sure, some people might be infiltrator fanatics, but the vast majority won't be. I'm a dedicated airsperg, and I still put ESF to BR 15. And it's really not arbitrary- in the thread I made for this, support classes and vehicles are given first, then infantry in increasing order of difficulty, then vehicles in increasing order of difficulty. &gt;Do you think that new players will have a lot of fun by holding a repair/healing gun up to players and holding LMB? Do you think that will excite them enough that they'll want to stay? Do you think they'll have fun constantly dying and never feeling like they're doing something useful? Anyways, the support classes give the highest XP for new players, and the medic in particular has a decent combat ability. They'll be able to unlock the other classes faster with the support clases than if they were given the other classes and had to kill themselves up to the support classes. &gt;The "New Player Experience" should be based around making the game fun for new players, not for turning new players into the support slaves for the game's BR100s. The new player experience should be based around making sure new player stick with the game. Fun is secondary, because they can always have fun after the new player experience finishes.
&gt;Collosal direct damage to kill vehicles false. These were nerfed to the point where a full volley into a tank's back armor will only put it to burning. Harassers and flashes will just dodge them, and sundies take way too much ammo to be even close to being worth it. I mainly use them to fight liberators and galaxies, actually, where they actually make a difference. &gt;(really, how they fit?!) if I recall correctly, the P-39 Aircobra (a WW2 plane) fit 6 M8 rockets (114 mm). That doesn't sound like a lot, until you realize a single one would obliterate a heavy tank. Really, if this game was anywhere near realistic all vehicle weapons would be reverted to launch state. &gt;Hornets are even worse - enormous range, laser guidance Range is capped at (IIRC) 300m. They disappear afterwards. And against infantry, render range usually works out to less than 300m anyways. &gt;great splash to farm infantry not really, I find myself killing 1-2 infantry in a single well-aimed volley, which isn't that much considering that infantry tend to run into buildings and avoid my wrath. And that's despite having considerable experience with them- I have roughly 500 kills (Although a great deal of those are on aircraft/ground vehicles.) &gt;to 1-2 volleys, because it is still enough to kill a vehicle patently false, unless your vehicle is a flash, harasser, ESF or valkyrie (and I'm not so sure about harasser). This is assuming 100% accuracy by the way. Considering that vehicles and infantry are more than capable of dodging, A2G missiles are in no way needing a nerf. &gt;well, A2A missiles can't now I find A2A tomcats extremely effective, to the point where I'm a credible threat to AA nosegun/ AB tank ESF's (pure air) using banshee/a2am (mixed air and ground.) And that's despite being, all told, not that great a dogfighter. My only auraxium is the aforementioned banshee. Coyotes finally have a counter, but that only applies to a very small segment of pilots anyways (max stealth.) &gt;nanorepair it used to be overpowered, but it can no longer be used in fights. And really, unless I'm playing bail assault I'd rather use stealth. &gt;This will make aircrafts not farming combiners, but actual tactical tools, which should be used only when neccessary - to destroy AMS or protect it from sniping tank. And when tactical task is completed aircraft will have to return for resupply. Not farm constantly. This will do nothing of the sort, because ESF's already incapable of destroying sunderers (sunderer garages protected from aircraft), and except in small fights are unable to kill tanks. Nerfing aircraft won't somehow make them "more tactical." A rebalance, where some stats are buffed and some nerfed might, but you're just sh*tting on ESF's across the board. &gt;P.S. tl;dr you play exclusively infantryside and don't want anything that lets vehicles actually affect the meta of capturing bases.
Since it clearly bypasses the timer placing cooldown, a game mechanic specifically included for balance.
