Well, I've not followed what other companies are offering, but in the past I found Feral more or less best value. Could you give some competitors that you think are better value? Note that Feral have not enforced bandwidth limits for ages., except for http and transmission traffic.
Yeah- read what Lemon says to you because he is the boss of Feral. For more than a year, I think, my bandwidth figure reads as a few GB per month as my actual traffic is for the types of traffic Feral does not count. It kinda makes sense; I think by now Feral has a lot of long term customers like me, who are in any case using much much less than the theoretical bandwidth limits.
It's a terrible road. Also prone to awful jams when it's nice weather at weekends and people are trying to go to Scarborough etc.
1) compromise for historical reasons. 2) benefits employees in retail. But I agree, for corporates and for consumers, I cannot see the benefit.
It is likely she would change, but bear in mind all cats are princesses and princes, and you are kinda forced into lifelong slavery when you take one on. But you had them already- you surely know that. PS Plus on top of that, they are plotting to kill you. Seriously- yes she would change, but it might take a couple of years. Or it might be overnight if you're lucky. One thing I do know- it's impossible to predict whether a cat will want to sit on your lap.
An adapter is fine, but make sure you get one that is stable- you could always just run it off an extension lead. I don't know about NZ, but here in the UK Feliways have just come out with a more stable design; of course that means we had to buy a new one as the refills only fit the new diffusers....
Do you live in Newcastle?
This post is brilliant, but will make no sense to anyone who's not been following a recent mad person who keeps posting this. https://www.reddit.com/r/malefashionadvice/comments/3z4w8q/uk_ppl_am_i_ugly_like_this_going_outdoors/
It's safe, but the tl;dr is most people suggest using an old version, 2.2.1 which you can get from filehippo or oldapps.
Franks but not French?
There's quite a lot of cutesy over here e.g. Boux Avenue sleepwear. Primark is low-end; my gf says it's better for men than women. Maybe that's why my Primark stuff has worn very well.
Yeah- I read on your post history... You are from in or near Halifax - well, no wonder you feel what you do when you go back- that end of W Yorks is just amazingly beautiful. But more than that, that end looks more to Manc than to Leeds (Bradford is in the way) and you even support Man U. If you are planning a family, it's a no-brainer that it's better for children to grow up outside London. We're in the other end of W Yorks, in Castleford. But because of the attractions of your end, we will more often go out there than locally (e.g. Shibden Mill, the Gray Ox, the Fleece at Barkisland, the Ram's Head at Denshaw/ Saddleworth) and probably the pub we've been to most often (not that this is so often) is the Turnpike between Ripponden and the M62 J22 - which is a perfect stop coming back from Manc and all points West and North. By London standards, 35 miles along the motorway in 35 minutes is the equivalent of 6 miles in traffic or on the tube....
It's the identity of the EOD man, for me.
If not more. I've had an external on 24/7 for 6 years now. However, now I've posted this it will no doubt fail tomorrow.
Mind you- your first sentence says it. There are lots of good providers. It should be a market where if you are unhappy, you were unlucky- most customers of most providers are very satisfied. I have found whatbox, bytesized and feral the three most recommended, and all have a staff presence in this sub for extra support. If you are unable to admin a dedicated yourself, don't get one to start off with. Go managed with one of the many good providers.
Feral hosting (I've been with them 5 years s a customer); the other two most recommended are whatbox and bytesized. Those three are very reliable; if you go elsewhere make sure to get better value than they offer. You can download all the what freeleech torrents and seed them.
Everyone gets burnt once or twice.
I've got good stuff from Arnold and Arnold. http://www.arnoldleathergoods.co.uk/
Posh restaurants with rooms- very romantic- Yorke Arms at Ramsgill or Black Swan at Oldstead.
Have you watched NCIS Los Angeles and NCIS New Orleans?
It so much depends on the winter we get. It IS going to get colder though. If you haven't been to Snowdonia though, it is lovely for all sorts of reasons. If you can bear other people, I recommend joining a walking/ climbing club because everyone shares car rides and there's no disadvantage, therefore, to have no car. As you say, any larger area is far more accessible with a car. Snowdonia is compact, for example, compared to the Lakes, but it has several micro-climates- with a car you can decide when you get up in the morning where you are going.
OK, well funnily enough I had some spare minutes today when i was out with the car and really had to use up the time (I was waiting to pick someone up from an appointment) and so I actually went in the Asda where I get inhalers and bought a spare. So this one was issued today and expires end of Oct 2017- that is 21 and a half months. My previous one from them (because of this thread I asked them to check!) was on 10 march 2015 and expires Dec 2016 (like yours!). I also googled for you and the shelf life seems to be 24 months. http://www.medsafe.govt.nz/profs/datasheet/v/VentolinCFC-freeinh.pdf So one presumes they buy in a batch and sell it gradually- that means your current two were likely obtained some time between December 2014 and spring 2015.
Oh I know! Richer Sounds has a really good set of customer policies. For example, they do an extended guarantee service that if you do not use, you can get a refund of your premium at the end of the 5 year (or whatever) period. It's worth asking them.
Like a lot of people are (or used to be) I was brought up a nominal Anglican - the line always was that British people say 'I'm not very religious' when asked questions about faith. Now, as Brit, though, the Anglican church means the Church of England to me- unless there is a world congress or synod or something, I never ever think about Anglican congregations abroad. I actually love the cultural side of the Anglican church, but I think it is in a really difficult position a) it tries to be inclusive (we say high church and low church) and so deals with pro- and anti- women clergy people and gay clergy people b) its buildings are impractical and expensive here, because largely old and listed c) its forms of service and stuff, as well as the bricks and mortar mean it's much harder for it to adapt than for non-conformist churches. I warmed to Rowan Williams over time, especially when he wrote the Narnia book, I'm not sure about Welby. I think women clergy are an obvious good thing, but I don't have any view on how the C of E and Welby relate to other Anglican churches abroad. In the UK, the obvious divides (apart from Christian and other religions and no religion) are between Catholic, Anglican and Non-conformist.
Yes, of course they are great fun. I'm a really old member now of most of my trackers, so in many ways the BP are not so important to me. The BTN multiplier is really excellent for promotion- at the start you think the BP required are improbably high, then you realise it really rewards long-term seeding. The PtP system allows you to earn enough BP to keep yourself with enough credit always to download. However, more recently, when I've been experimenting with daily freeleech torrents, I've seen that actual upload earned is much higher. I totally agree these are much more satisfying systems to experience than ones with a small number of points per day or whatever.
