OVO 12s are coming out this summer lol
does Mango have an Ali? How to cop bro?
but dont get the turtle doves... i would stick with the Tans or the PBs cos u wont get called out for the pattern (the biggest flaw w/the 70$ yeezys)
YES GUCCI GOGGLES I WOULD COP! Make em affordable and qualiT
thats a different wallet than what this guy is looking for ^^
Just ordered the French blues from him, but I didn't wait for him to update the price on the shoes (should be 80 I copped for 50 and DHL for 10) should I be worried
I was thinking about getting moonrocks also, but im leaning towards tans cos the pattern is less visible. and the sole of the Moonrocks supposedly has a greenish tint or something along those lines. I would play it safe and cop the PB or OT
those DS bro?
from where did you cop them and what are the flaws on the shoes??
honestly thats the whole rep game in a nutshell... the chinese fam can eazily make perfect fakes but why when there are hypebeasts buying ish for 10x retail
yes!!! espeically with UNHS not being gucci rn... Ali bape hoodies also ples
does he got a size 12??
try adding water to the MTN dew and dilute the amount u drink eventually u wont like the taste
I actually dont know, but when i asked if they have the "nips"/dots he seemed to know what i was talking about and linked me to his yupoo, and he apprently does have size 11.5 (EU 46) in certain styles so that would fit me (a US 12)
DAMN. Probs only in fucking california sounds lit tho 16 mins of glory
shit... never lucky willing to sell the jersey
because i have seen bapemen's store for a while now and remember it had a lot of pages lol
nice fam wish i could find a size 12
ill buy it for 10$
sorry fam... theres not even TTS XL out... btw if ur only 148 lbs theres no way u wear XXL fam... im 5 11 and like 200 and wear an L-XL
oh lol good!!! i think it looks good... champion reps usually arent hard to get right but this is the first batch so lets see
could u remove that real quik? then its all gucci
YES THIS IS HEAT
they high key on the come up damn
i wanna c dis
