I once went to a reception which had nothing, but finger foods, along with a "slider bar" (mini burgers) and a mashed potato bar. I know the last one sounds odd, but the delicious hot potatoes were served in martini glasses and could be topped with butter, grated cheddar cheese, sour cream, green onions, bacon, salsa, guacamole, and a few other things. It was ah-MAZING!
ZANG!
Release that inner Bridezilla. Attack Mashed Potato Town! (There might have been a mini taco bar as well.)
*She started sulking and said DH and I aren't making time for her.* "How old are we, MIL? Being sulky over our family's schedule for the foreseeable future doesn't suit you. Buck up. Perhaps things will smooth out towards by the time the year's out."
What.A.Bitch. When you're around her and she's nasty or mean, or whatever she is being, look at her and reply "nasty." Or "mean-spirited," or "unkind." "Disparaging." Hell, I'd get a thesaurus and start learning synonyms left &amp; right.
Here are a few of the and they're doozies! https://www.reddit.com/user/PocketSized-Moose/submitted/
So, I have to ask. Is your Gran slightly touched, or does she just have a sense of humor no one gets? I sprayed coffee all over my laptop when I saw the wood.
Have you given her your own trash? Like, perhaps a single slipper, or an old magazine?
SHE gave you used/contaminated crap, and she expects YOU to be embarrassed? Yeah, her picnic basket's shy a few sandwiches.
Amazon has excellent customer service, but you'll have to drill down through their *Help* links to where you can send them an email asking if it is possible to keep your home address private. I know in the States, FedEx will ship to a local FedEx store near you for you to pick up at your convenience. I believe it's a free service. You might want to ask Amazon C/S if it's possible to request any gifts from your Amazon registry be delivered via FedEx to a local FedEx store.
Future grandmother wants a present at a baby shower being thrown for someone else? Had no one pointed out to MiL how self-centered &amp; wrong that expectation is?
We all need to carry the JustNoMiL cards.
Tastes are individual &amp; highly subjective. Mama Lupe's Tortillas are not widely available across the States, so that might have something to do with the low recommendations. I happened to stumble across them while surfing online low carb stores/support groups. I prefer them to the gummier/fluffy/bread-like tortillas as I think they hold up better to wetter ingredients, but not everyone likes a firmer tortilla. Preferences.
Take u/87roses' suggestion. Check the official webpage for the state where he was born. There should be links to their Bureau of Vital Statistics where he can order copies of his birth certificate/record of live birth. I recommend ordering 3 or 4 copies because he might need them later for obtaining a replacement SS card, passports, etc. Contacting the Social Security office should be fairly easy as well. They do replacement cards for lost/missing cards without too much difficulty. Might be a way to arrange to pick up the new card if they insist on mailing it to his home of record.
Unless you &amp; your FH are willing to bear all the wedding expenses, you can darned well bet there will be trouble with the wedding planning if his parents are contributing any funding. Your best bet is to sit with FH &amp; make a list of things you will not bend on for the wedding, and then a separate list of flexible choices. It will give him a better idea of things he'll need to hold firm on with his MiL and give him better ammo with which to negotiate. If you can swing the wedding costs without help, then definitely keep her on an info diet. "Oh, that's an idea, but we have that already taken care of." "Yes, that's interesting. We'll have to file that away for reference." Your wedding. Your choices. Stop trying to "make" her like you. That boat has sailed. The best thing you can do for yourself is be polite, honest, &amp; straightforward. Have witnesses, save communications. Always keeping the evidence of playing fair &amp; nice. You never know when you'll need it.
&gt; "I'm calling you OldName." "...and I won't answer to it any more, so if you want to waste your breath saying that name into the void, knock yourself out. You've been informed of MY preference for MY name. Discussion is now officially closed."
Oooh! Good one. Although I've heard Taylor, for all her marriages, was a fairly well regarded &amp; genuinely nice person, so might not fit Poor Pity Party. Screw up three marriages, and one really should be wondering "maybe it's ME!?" But yeah, that almost never happens, does it?
She IS trying to kill his sex life. Well, actually, she's trying to prevent any romantic interaction between her son &amp; The Other Woman. "Mom, I want to spend the entire evening banging my brains out. The last faces I want to see are my parents'!"
&gt; Because from here on out, how you frame things will be very important. There's a huge difference between 'Your mom is a manipulative bitch,' and 'You are way too smart to fall for that.' OP, this is important! You know the old saying about flies to honey? Unfortunately, it applies to a stubborn, obtuse husband who still seeks his mom's approval. You don't have to back down one inch, but play to your DH's strengths. He's too smart to fall for things like u/_Green_Kyanite_ said, or "in a normal relationship between two adults who understand who the baby's mother is and who is NOT the baby's mother, we could reason with her, but we know from past experiences this isn't the case." Also remember the power of "we." "Honey, I think it's better for daughter if we stick to her schedule." "Sweetheart, I know she's full of advice, but medicine and pediatrics have advanced over the years. It's best we stick to what her doctor suggests." Always use the "we" and not "I." Think of it as the Royal We, like the Queen.
You wanna know how to get Gobbler? They pull a knife, you pull a gun. He sends one of yours to the hospital, you send one of his to the morgue. *That's* the *Chicago* way! And that's how you get Gobbler. Best of luck! Will be looking forward to the eventual updates.
Lay down the law to all parents &amp; step parents. There will be no invitations, written or oral, issued by anyone except you &amp; DH. Demand, yeah, DEMAND a list of potential invitees from the parents and asl that the most important people be indicated on the list, possibly in order. You will accommodate as many as possible, but you do not want to get grief from ANYONE because not everyone will be invited.
How difficult would it be for you to place a phone call to her workplace and speak with the Human Resources department (or similar department)? You could say you wanted to know what sort of documentation she might need--because you want to be super helpful ;)
&gt; "By hook or by crook" Even older than that! Its usage dates back to at least the 1300's.
Question time! I realize you cannot give medical advice. What I'm asking is what is the proper terminology to use when asked if I have any allergies. A PT gets documented urticaria from head to toe with the use of certain antibiotics. No breathing difficulties, but oy, the itching &amp; welts! Is this a sensitivity or do you call it an allergy? I want to help the medical staff help keep me as safe as possible by giving them correct information (They do usually red band me for the meds &amp; a latex sensitivity for caution's sake). I also have sensitivities that popped up during scratch testing I had done because I had noticed some funky reactions when I ate certain foods. On the 0 to 11 scale, they run from 4's to 10's. Should these be mentioned as purely sensitivities if reported at all? In my case, the worst reactions to most of these are my sinuses clogging up or a few skin itchy "splotches". So far there has never been a reaction any where even remotely close to being seen in the ED. I hate feeling like a special snowflake by mentioning crap, but damn, I don't want to be that dope that failed to give people in charge of keeping me well proper information! It makes me wonder--"hey, idiot, you do have a sensitivity to certain seafood. Ya think that might've had anything to do with that weird thing that went on with your eyes about an hour after you had that contrast dye? And you know your dad has a sensitivity to the dye...hmmm. Do I mention this or was it a normal side effect that they failed to tell me about?" What to say, when to say? I want to do the smart thing.
Thank you! I'll be sure to follow your suggestions. :)
