It is honking with the big Yes printed on it. Lets be honest, you wouldn't see a britnat fly that flag anyways, just leave it as the Saltire.
Yeah, that looks much better!
I always use the AT-ST as a anti aircraft weapon, always satisfying blowing rebel ships out the sky, the only issue is the ridiculous range of the ion cannon, you can sit back miles away from the action on the ground and still get taken out. especially on Hoth
If the rebels have better ships, then surely the imperials should have the advantage of numbers in the air, help even it up
Hurray!
On WA, I kinda wish they would limit the number of Rebel fighters you can have in the air at once.
I'm surprised people believe you need to have skill to use the pulse cannon, its a 1 shot kill weapon. In my experience using it, no skill is really needed, its as simple as point and shoot.
Brilliant, I love the force choke but you shouldn't be using it in situations like that!
It's not the man weapon I use, but if i'm having one of they days where I just can't seem to hit anything, it is my default gun to help get a few kills and get the confidence back
Brilliant
You find that camera on the ceiling? Only kidding, congratulations!
I think Viper droids are just easily to spot because they hover above the ground.
Sounds as if the Galaxy class could be seen as a potential failure
Did the Odyssey manage to take any out Dominion ships during that encounter?
Yeah the Galaxy Class could easily go toe to toe with other know capital ships of the time (pre dominion war that is)
I'm sure we seen one or 2 getting destroyed at the first battle of Chin'toka
&gt; I would have rather them kill off O'brien and his family to make space for her. Wait, what?!
If you have a good partner who is trying to play the objective, it can be really handy to use him for spawning and getting back into the action quickly and not having to run a mile to catch up
Same with the crew, they leave spacedock as the bright eyed, full of hope and energy, excitement, coming back as cynical, wearied, angry from the experience... Or just not making it back at all
&gt; If I remember correctly, his crime wasn't that serious Tbf, He did join a terrorist group
[http://tng.trekcore.com/bluray/images/s3comp/tngs3-bluraypreview-313-3-hd.jpg] Enterprise D from above in the atmosphere
Would loved to have found out more about The Husnock and the adventures of one lone Borg cube/sphere in the Gamma quadrant
IMO air superiority can make a massive difference to the outcome of a game, especially when the uplink is sitting out in the open, A/Y/Speeders can easily pick off players from above. Being in control of the sky can help dictate what's happening on the ground. Plus if you have any Tie fighters still in the air at the final uplink, it means they can take out the speeders before they can attempted to take down a walker with a cable, leaving the rest of us to concentrate on the ground forces
&gt; I imagine a lot of worlds could feel threatened or put off by the insular and, frankly, xenophobic Klingon and Romulan empires so having the Federation around would mean a lot. I always imagined the Federation having something similar to a NATO with certain non member worlds.
I wouldn't want to mess with Italian Leia.
