I don't see anything in that video that doesn't look like basketball... Other than the white people and short shorts.
Dude Melo was the first option on the friggin olympic team. He might be the best first option in the league, up there with KD. That's never been the knock against him.
Ah, I got what you mean. I think he can be the best player but needs to be surrounded with some really good talent.
Originally they had a ton of unsold ad inventory so they inserted charity's ads so they could claim a certain amount as a tax break.
I think the 8th seed Knicks in 99 were a better David vs Goliath experience, particularly since we were missing our hall of fame center.
He said in a post game interview that he uses some kind of special beard oil.
&gt; Lineup data showed throughout the season that the two point guard lineups that had dominated in 12/13 continued to dominate in 13/14, but Woodson refused to go to them. With what point guards? "Facing divorce and felony gun possession/mid-life crisis obesity" Felton and Prigioni? Get real, dude. The two guard lineup only worked because we had Kidd and a healthy Felton, neither of which we had in 13/14.
134 minutes over an 82 game season is a comically low sample size. But I appreciate the sources and facts. Upvote.
It's an old Orson Welles technique.
Komazawa Park is where you wanna go. Usually only 5-10 people (not highly skilled) playing on weekend mornings.
Go to the rooftop "beer garden" of restaurants and bars across the street from the inner Kabukicho Hub. It's a blast and perfect to accommodate you.
What's not authentic about KFC? It's just standard fried chicken.
It's izakaya style, yeah. And tons of different restaurants. It gets pretty crazy in there.
To be fair, JR or Shump make one more shot and the cavs win. Kerr is playing a very dangerous strategy.
Very hard to get a visa without a degree. Stay in school and maybe try to study abroad.
4 years, dude.
I think Dirk is a more impressive player than Barkley.
Nope. I'm older than most and can remember watching Jordan's threepeats and Barcelona. Barkley wasn't a true first option imo. It's a major reason why his shooting percentages are elevated.
I think what [Madison Bumgarner did in the World Series last year](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Madison_Bumgarner#Baseball_records_and_accomplishments) would be equally as impressive.
Not from the post.
He would be killer on this gsw team as a backup for Klay. Holy shit, I kinda wanna see that happen.
Examples?
He turned Wall into an even cockier stud than he was (and he can back it up).
Eh a lot of people here did the same for Atlanta.
Because anything in the 60s is bad.
