"Hey Israel, Palestine, Iran, Iraq, y'all need to team up to defeat aliens from outer space that some people still don't believe are real." Yeah, I could see why that might not work.
I was so hoping he would walk to the ships. He's a fucking giant, who needs boats?
Jon and Sam explicitly discuss that dragonsteel is probably Valyrian steel, but they don't have anyway to confirm. Until now! Fucking confirmed!
"You're not my mother, [you're a SNORT!](http://www.natalieserber.com/sg_userfiles/b_IMG_5470.jpg)"
Dany did have a vision that she would marry a blue rose on a wall of ice. It's happening!
I was expecting him to do that for half the scene. Real reason? Probably very expensive and technically challenging to get it to look right with ththe water and everything.mplua no dramatic NK/Jon showdown.
[Ser Waymar Royce](http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/Waymar_Royce)
Hey, you asked who knew, and I answered! =)
Oh god. It was staring us in the face the whole time! Gendry has been rowing around in circles because his blacksmithing arm is stronger than his other!
&gt; Jon isn't going to stay dead. Dude, even Sam knows that. "Jon always comes back."
My biggest question: what would wildfire do?
I think the bigger question if he gets on the boat is, "how does he get on it without it tipping over?"
"Man, he keeps on hitting him. Rattleshirt is going to be pissed when this is [squish] ... oh. Is he dead? [pool of blood] Holy shit!"
To be fair, it made it a lot easier to keep track of people during the fight. Also, it made the final scene when they all stand up that much more impressive.
NW: "Lord Commander!" Jon: "Get her to the ship and come back for me!" NW: "You'll never mak-" Jon: "NOW!"
NW: "Lord Commander!" Jon: "Get her to the ship and come back for me!" NW: "You'll never mak-" Jon: "NOW!"
"You're not my mother, you're a SNORT!"
Quick check says I may have to eat crow. Catelyn I doesn't say it where I thought it did, only that Ice's name came from another sword during the Age of Heroes.
My bet is the "Previously On" for the last episode includes the Orell death scene to confirm/remind the theory, same as Jon getting Longclaw was the reminder this week.
That was my thought the whole time.
So... Cersei's face 100% of the time?
Catelyn I in GOT says VS Ice got its name from an ancestral sword named Ice from the Age of Heroes.
Who else would it be? His head looks like a crown! Or Darth Maul. But also a crown!
Yup. He even brings it up to Jon, and the conversation is something like: - Sam: I found one account of the Long Night that spoke of the last hero slaying Others with a blade of dragonsteel. - Jon: Dragonsteel? Could that be Valyrian steel? - Sam: That's what I thought too. - Jon: [something to the effect of hopefully we never have to find out. keep reading]
That's what I thought too. The Other had no idea what to do when he couldn't just toy with everyone. He made one huge swipe that Jon easily parried that exposed himself to a deadly counterattack.
