because hes got so many bitches on lock
Whenever I start to feel that my weight is holding me back, [I look at this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4qagwtthNI) and ask myself, what's my excuse? Your weight will only hold you back as much as you let it, and it'll be gone soon if you skate every day anyway!
Where I live, the blank decks are half the price of printed ones. But you have to go to a local shop and buy their shop stamped decks; if you go online you'll pay a lot more.
Love your videos dude, and this trick is absolute bonkers.
So to me, this kind of sucks. I'll wait until the full release to judge it, but this trailer has all the makings of a political force feeding, with skateboarding as the spoon. If it's about the people, it might be an admirable pursuit. If it's about the politics, it's going to be disgusting.
I make my room cold, but have lots of blankets. As my body warms up under the covers, it sends me to sleep.
1. It's fine. 2. [Here's your list.](http://www.brailleskateboarding.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/BRAILLE-ARMY-TRICK-LIST-e1419921617537.jpg) 3. Look for quality wood. There's not really much else you can look out for, so just check that it's made from Canadian maple or similar. Any name brand board should do just fine.
Dark Souls 2 speed run
&gt;can i go smaller to like an 8" Do you mean board or truck size?
So in other words, he wins.
You can. The axle will stick out a quarter of an inch - not that big a deal. I wouldn't really worry about it, you'll probably end up sticking with 8.25 anyway
Is there any explanation for why the Dark One is present so strongly at Shayol Ghul?
Bring back weapon scabbards!
There is a certain maneuvre when riding that I never knew existed until I saw someone do it; if you push down on your tail, and jump ever so slightly, you can push your board forward whilst taking almost all of your weight off of it. Using this technique, you can go over big cracks, small curbs, debris like sticks and pebbles, even stuff like metal grates and those bumps they put on the curbside to help blind people. Learning this skill propells your ability and confidence in cruising the streets, and it is a good level to aim for in regards to your question.
1090 burger is the only thing that makes northcote worth visiting
Learning this truth has only caused me pain.
Wow thanks, but you're only saying that because you haven't seen my kickflip attempts :) The board is a MiniGreen, it's 21" long and 6" wide at its widest point. It's a lot of fun!
I hate this so much
That kind of a setup would be well over OP's budget I think.
Aspergers afflicted 20 something checking in. Fuck the police.
Check out /r/NewSkaters
The Wire, and the first scene. Poor snot boogie
Yeps, it's good. Good board size, Zero makes alright decks. The trucks/bearings aren't the best but that's always the case with completes. This should sort you out good as a starter setup.
The capacity for an uprising that will sweep the nation is the precise reason that the second amendment exists. It's so that the people of America will always have the ability to overcome their government if they need to, because that is the way that America was created in the first place.
Mission Impossible did a pretty good train roof fight scene, in regards to realism.
