oh, an atonal degenerate noise fan who is also a satanist. what a living cliché...
that's a lot of bums. is it atonal?
ah, the marvels of tonal music :)
true, it's all noise - who cares? :)
early music to me is music played in dry turtle shells
did you know the acoustic guitar in portugal is called viola and in brazil violão? they are so not from the bowed strings family...
I was not there, so I don't know. But this account might help understand Horowitz view: &gt; Rosenthal's usually malicious wit was legendary. When he heard Vladimir Horowitz blaze through the octave passages of Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto at his Vienna debut, he remarked: "He is an Octavian, but not Caesar." from: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Moriz_Rosenthal it isn't enough to be a great artist, it's always accompanied by vanity...
it's a device for certain moments where sustain is needed. As a simplistic view, you could press it at the beginning of a compass and release it briefly just before the next - you end up playing your foot to the rhythm of the music. But that depends and it should sustain notes as long as it's part of the same phrasing or key. but when you're learning the piano, keep it clean without the muddy overtones from the sustain
beautiful. I'm still to explore more symphonic Tchaikovsky. I've used to play a piano reduction of this movement, very well-known.
I was about eleven when I found my dad's old vinyls and among them a few classicals from a collection, including Beethoven's fifth, Chopin's Nocturnes and Tchaikovsky's piano concerto. He's never been that much of a fan, more into folk and rock.
guess buccaneers already plundered it...
what would you expect from a bunch of whiny kids? Too bad most of us who are old enough and willing to actually discuss about games we love have mostly lost time to do so due to that damn real life...
his famous serenade. Originally a lied.
is it more obnoxious than "singers" talking in the same monotone rhythmic pattern? that said, I truly don't care for vocal music much, even the ones where the singer is used more like a musical instrument and less like a criminal thug.
Biber will get old too.
&gt; I have memories of coming home, going straight for the computer, and then listening haha, to think I was born before the internet and used to listen to music on stereos...
haha, read that as Music for 18 Magicians
FYI, that was the jump from AC IV to Unity
just so you guys know: I haven't played it at launch time because of all the fuss and crying. However, it was on promo some weeks ago and I bought it to play after finishing Uncharted 4. I have to say I'm very positively impressed. Both by how this is the best downgrade ever and by all the whinning GTA fans can generate when pissed by newcomers. seriously, WD is in some ways more impressive than even AC Unity. At the very least, it has a large urban city that feels alive with both traffic and people in the streets, while GTA V was pretty empty... and the grass! the hills are alive with grass and trees extending to the horizon. TW3 cries... now I see from where The Division took its engine and made it better... I think it was the DOF with bokeh that made the most cries about downgrade. Or the lack of it in the finished product. There's no use for it during gameplay. Some PC bozos came up with one in a mod to show off but these same pc bozos are the ones that hate the most "blurry" backgrounds LOL
how about Bach's other partitas? How about his violin concerto? I posted an Adagio from it a while ago. Then, there are his Brandenburg concerti grossi. what exactly do you seek? Baroque music? solo violin? in either, Vivaldi excells, as do Corelli.
is that you, bennevis? :)
aren't joy and melancholy a trademark of Chopin?
there's always a moment like that, no? I used to listen to classicals in old saturday morning cartoons, but never bothered enough. After Michael Jackson's Thriller phenomenon got me hooked to vinyls, I began searching for new music and a lot of this was truly old and marvelous music. :)
the Rossini one still sounds great, but 1812 is truly terrible... the best part of it was La Marseillaise and the worst the cannons.
fiction is better than reality. Amadeus is a great movie precisely for this. It's not a documentary on the life of Mozart, but a reflection on the worth of art, on mythmaking and on the dicotomy between art and mere craft.
