Prohibitive cost vs value, underwhelming build quality, lack luster styling and performance. GM hasn't made an interesting vehicle in 40 years.
Looks like fun, AWD yes? Can hardly call it a Volkswagen anymore though.
An E30. I won't argue the downvotes, it was a little rude. I guess I'm bored because of the super boring Jetta. Does no one drive interesting cars anymore?
If you insist on subjecting yourself to bottom tier performance and craftsmanship that's fine. But don't expect the community at large to share in your fanaticism.
A remake? Absolutely not! A Sequel? Maaaaaaayyyybe. I could see Johnson take the helm. Hell theres already source material for continuing the story.
Thats what I said. Also the sequel script has been kicking around for years, it was turned into a comic book. They could surely tweak it to include El Roca.
Amazing.
Find a complimentary smell that you like and gradually overpower the purple stinky punch.
Are we still letting Audi consider itself a luxury brand? They've become nothing more than expensive Volkswagen. For when you *need* to drive a Volkswagen but can afford a little more so you aren't *seen* driving a Volkswagen. Benz is a 70 year old man in a Top Hat and tails with an aging trophy wife in one hand and a Martini full of roids and Viagra in the other. BMW is the handsome young yuppy douche bag jockstrap looking for his first ex-wife who everyone loves to hate. Most people would trade places with either given the chance.
Upset? You lack the significance necesarry to be upsetting. More like annoying. Now do you think you could stop pestering me you redneck piece of shit.
&gt;far more thoroughly than being yelled at on the internet. Especially considering he can't hear any yelling at the moment.
Looks like a LeMons car.
I'm confused, I see a window, it looks like the panel is on the ceiling but I also see outlets and a light switch. Anyway it sort of looks like the light board you use to look at x-rays and transparencies.
Wes Anderson is a boring pretentious hack.
8 Days wow, surprised it hasn't sold yet.
The target audience isn't the Accord anymore. Those guys go Acura now days. I don't know what the target market IS for that car but its not who it used to be, they've moved to other, better options.
My dad had an 86 El Camino with a built small block in it that he took off a friend for about $700. I wanted that car so bad but he wouldn't sell it to me, said I would kill myself or someone else in it. he was probably right. My first ended up being an 83 TBird Turbo that HE wrecked a week after I bought it. I still bust his balls about that.
In the past squad cars would have accuracy certified speedometers and police were trained to measure your speed based on relative speed to their own vehicle. A lot of places still do this.
Am I missing something? Whats shitty?
&gt;By 1993, the existing Mustang had started to get a little long in the tooth, and as a result Ford made efforts to mix up the car’s design to appeal to a fresher market. &gt;Prior to that, Ford had transformed the Mustang into a front-wheel drive sports car that looked more like a European saloon than the infamous muscle car, leading to an intense backlash from fans. The article has some facts out of order. The front-wheel drive model they're referring to *was* a Mustang concept but negative feedback led Ford to go opt for the Panther platform instead giving us the Fox Body Mustang. The FWD concept ended up being a Ford Probe. The Fox Body ended its cycle in '93 and the SN95 was well into final prep and production when that happened. Shitty journalist.
Ok, I get that. Its still what appears to be a standard issue stock R33, its neither shitty nor modded so......
Just looks like repairs to me. No discernible patterns.
Maybe you should be careful. Same platform, Panther is an umbrella term as it predates Fox and Fox is merely a SWB variation therein. Shit journalist.
R34 had bigs and smalls R32 had an intermediate light between the brake lights.
It is when its reclaimed.
