Will they be able to restart it when Germany eventually comes to its senses, or does the permanent shutdown process destroy the reactor?
&gt; Mitchelle Blair was attending a custody hearing This is probably going to hurt her chances of getting custody of her surviving children.
So they will likely begin dismantling the reactor as soon as possible. Merkel's Panic will have very expensive, long term consequences. What a shameful legacy.
It is absolutely beyond the pale that this paper - Karl et al., 2015 - is being accepted uncritically by /r/skeptic. It is a work of political activism, not science. You must know that if you accept this sort of dishonest limits-of-plausibility data massaging in climate studies, you give it validity in other areas. Is it really worth accepting corruption of science to strengthen a negotiating position for the Paris Climate Treaty?
This fact does not enhance the credibility of the paper, but it does harm the credibility of *Science*. And this is exactly the problem.
I wonder if we could agree not to call it an "earthquake" if it has a seismic energy less than that caused by a passing truck.
But they did that by counting negative externalities as costs, which is totally illegitimate unless you also count positive externalities as benefits.
Inexpensive energy has many positive externalities, such as poverty reduction and the accompanying benefits including basic health care and education.
It is more effective and ultimately more efficient to encourage organic economic growth and reduce poverty than to perpetuate aid schemes that enslave and corrupt. Expensive, aid-subsidized energy will just create and maintain poverty traps. We must not perpetuate these mistakes.
Supposing that you have self-improving AI (AI with a model of itself on which it can operate), it isn't too much of a stretch that the AI can construct models of human minds and forecast their collective desires, detect coherences in those desires (e.g., no one wants to be turned into paperclips).
One proposal is to use diagnostic AIs that have the goal of "answer question X about the CEV AI and then terminate."
Suppose you knew that 80% of people, when deprived of one religion, will invent a new one. And that, on average, new religions are worse than existing religions. You could rationally and ethically be an atheist, while also supporting the existing theisms for the 80%. In fact, some ethical theories would require that you hold this position. Another possibility: suppose you were a howling void of a person whose only remaining emotion was the lust for power over others, or a Member of Congress. While you, yourself, have been atheist since you dissected your first few victims and failed to find any sign of a soul escaping as their eyes stopped seeing, you notice that by mouthing certain words you can obtain the obedience and even loyalty of strangers. And not just any loyalty, but that most rare and valuable of loyalties - loyalty unto death. Since hypocrisy and lies are nothing to you - your entire persona is a fiction that changes with every press release - you are exuberantly pro-theist and regularly introduce mandatory church attendance bills.
He's gonna have to get in line behind all the others.
The Polish government just wants too large a cut. Eventually the government will change or come to its senses.
Yeah, they'll have to shut them down because of power market distortions like rocket propelled grenades.
Most people who drive for a living need to be considering their options.
You'll likely be interested in this blog post ... https://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/placebo-effects-without-deception-well-not-exactly/ Discussing the infamous "Placebos without Deception: A Randomized Controlled Trial in Irritable Bowel Syndrome" PLoS ONE paper. One complicating factor is that is that [placebos have negative effects](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Placebo#Negative_effects) (like withdrawal symptoms!), so you don't get an ethical free pass when prescribing them.
So much error arises from the false natural/artificial dichotomy. As if people aren't part of nature - it doesn't even make sense.
&gt; I realised that I had been wrong
&gt; The answer to this issue is not increased regulation, but rather rolling back regulations and encouraging innovation to make America energy independent. Being energy independent isn’t some distant hypothetical. We can be energy independent almost any time we want in the sense that most of the constraints are self-imposed. The horror, the horror.
&gt; "Faculty participants rated the male applicant as significantly more competent and hireable than the (identical) female applicant. These participants also selected a higher starting salary and offered more career mentoring to the male applicant." Some of this is likely discounting to compensate for affirmative action. I've seen people go to significant lengths to avoid working with a "diversity hire" - including people who advocated for the hire.
A glacial isostatic adjustment is used to exaggerate official sea level rise ... http://sealevel.colorado.edu/content/what-glacial-isostatic-adjustment-gia-and-why-do-you-correct-it but how large the adjustment should be is very uncertain. Much less certain than simply measuring sea level with satellites. I'll also note that most of the recent sea level rise can not be accounted for by melting ice, it is assumed to be from heating of the ocean (warm water takes up more volume).
&gt; Why are we "assuming" this, rather than accounting for it? Mainly because we don't have good data on the thermal structure of the ocean ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermocline#Oceans The varying salinity at different depths causes the ocean to stratify into a number of semi-permanent layers, and we are only just beginning to understand the heat transfer processes between these layers. Add in [thermohaline circulation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thermohaline_circulation) and the[ important processes that occur at the poles](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Antarctic_Bottom_Water) and the thermal model gets quite complex. Rather, I should say that we've only started getting good data very recently (last 10 years) ... http://www.argo.ucsd.edu/ And there is indeed a problem with "missing heat." Currrently it is assumed by Alarmists that this missing heat is hiding in the very deep ocean just out of range of the Argo floats. Although maybe with Karl et al., 2015 the missing heat problem goes away - whenever they adjust recent temperatures up, they usually adjust past temperatures down so that they can pretend they've been evenhanded.
There isn't a lot looking at global air pressure trends. I did find this [2003 study](http://www.nature.com/articles/nature01487.epdf?referrer_access_token=df_hg1U2Q4PxjZa9LbgFT9RgN0jAjWel9jnR3ZoTv0PGx0WIQdW3t4nLiFz8ZggJADcmwujD5FCGQsVMhc6gl4u_DtXgBFxI-B_pGH670ZK7G761b5d1ZAW0CPUR4Umr5GpHzYxUGKiwxL7sC_fLK0Fom7DpuozlIK_hvn7gzaG1qVW-nqMEsAnngPQwK7gV&amp;tracking_referrer=www.nature.com). It looks like the (slight) trend is for lower air pressure over the poles and higher air pressure over Europe (1948-1998) - by eye, lower air pressure wins out overall by a few millibars.
One thing I think everyone should know when thinking about sea level is just how **not level** the sea is ... http://marine.copernicus.eu/web/46-sea-level.php Even ignoring 10,000+ mm movements due to tides, the ocean still "piles up" in places to create persistent peaks and troughs in the 300 mm range due to changing ocean currents and winds.
