A slag tag?
I think that would be pretty easy! If I wanted to use the internet I could easily keep myself entertained with youtube/wikipedia/whatever for a day.
What would be a better choice?
Sideburn Sid. He was called Glenn and he lived on the army base with a load of huge snakes. Or the kid who used to pass out every time we did sex ed or anything even remotely related to genitals or reproduction. Poor bastard.
Yeah why those other guyz gotta bring the Pit down?!
A time where I need the money for something essential.
My farts.
There was a guy....I want to say Ben, here who slept with Peaches Geldof and posted pictures. I believe they took heroin together too. I would link but I just tried and got some pretty NSFW results so no dice.
A place to share and discuss almost anything online.
I think there should be a name for when you see like more than one bird. I suggest Fluck.
Why don't you guys have squash? Or why isn't it more common? Shit is tasty and pretty healthy and noway near as dull as water.
Ah you met Paul Moore, yeah he is kinda androgynous.
Has anyone really been far as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
Why use that word if you are going to have to explain it anyway?
Sorry I meant the drink, like cordial.
She...?
I did the same recently, someone pointed it out to me so thought I would do the same as I actually didn't realise!
It doesn't get read. Well it might, but it's not guaranteed which is why they suggest you don't.
OK well I ask because hopefully that might give you some insight into how he feels. He obviously likes those body types (as you like tall guys) but the fact that you aren't that exactly type isn't necessarily an issue, as his height isn't for you.
The best one hit wonder IMO: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Google. &gt; -inurl:(htm|html|php) intitle:”index of” +”last modified” +”parent directory” +description +size +(wma|mp3) “Nirvana” Swap Nirvana for the band you want.
8 fingers and 1 thumb. I originally wrote 2 thumbs but realised I actually only use my right thumb for spaces, the left one is doing nothing!
ME?!
Shia.
Yeeah.
