Yes, very!
C'mon guys, ronasd4 was joking. Since when do we negative-vote people for harmless fun like that?
I recommend the pilot thing, I did that 10 years ago and it has been awesome.
I don't know if it was a misread or a language issue, but the phrase "inconveniencing the way we do business here" does not automatically mean "inconvenience business". If a person wishes to eat breakfast at 6AM at a restaurant, then they will need to find a restaurant that is open. The person being inconvenienced if the business does not open until 7AM is the person who wants the breakfast, not the business itself (except through the transitive property).
I'm impressed, this has been up for 20 hours and there hasn't been one post along the lines of "fake" or "that's so fake, it's obviously a setup" or even "Why Would They Be Filming? Its Not Real". We're getting there, reddit! Good job, everyone!
It was contaminated with incompetent handling, if I recall correctly.
I showed my wife and in a rare misstep she responded 'meh'. I let her know she was wrong, of course.
Throughout the rest of the program there remained many who believed ANY RTLS would result in LoV. Thank goodness the process was never needed, though a TAL might have been cool... Back when SLC-6 was still on the books we got great stuff like certain events in David Brin's book *Earth* or [this cover art](http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/ciu/40/e9/d207d250fca0712c3bde7010.L.jpg).
With Activator! Jailbroken phone, Activator runs a bash script through Activate Command. Activator uses connect to and disconnect from triggers for my car Bluetooth. Final component: csay to do speech synthesis. Example script (it also toggles my wifi so I can sever the crummy connect in my driveway and switch straight to LTE: #! /bin/bash activator send switch-off.com.a3tweaks.switch.wifi sleep 2 csay $(shuf -n 1 /usr/local/bin/gabber/carstart.txt) sleep 5 activator send switch-on.com.a3tweaks.switch.wifi &gt; /dev/null 2&gt;&amp;1 Carstart.txt is full of the likes to say, obviously. Have fun!
Sure, but it's being able to rendezvous that makes all that possible too!
With &gt;100 people being laid off at Symantec in the very near future, expect dramatically increased competition in the job market shortly. A data point for anyone who is not bringing their 'A-game' to this because maybe they figure in the back of their mind that "ah, well, I'll try harder when I'm *serious*"...
exactly i got a 93 iq and thats a A afain
If ramps are always available, sure. I bet you don't have to go far, however, to find someone in a wheelchair who has encountered those exceptions. I wonder if the wheelchair users of the world face psychological barriers to going out based around the fear that there might not be a ramp?
It's like watching myself play Street Fighter.
Carnival Imagination, must be a fleet pattern. ...and the fact that i see your post means I gave in and paid but it was just now and holy crap, I did not expect this post to explode.
A note: I bought the 'value plan' in the middle and imgur.com is blocked. That's lovely.
'Supposed to' in what way?
That's what the hole looks like when things birthday fast. I know you want the comfort that comes with an elaborate federal conspiracy being needed to pull this off, but the world we live in just isn't that orderly.
I was literally out of the country, folks, just docked in Long Beach. It wasn't me.
Oh shIt, I didn't think my alibi through. welp, guess I'm going to superjail.
Nice! Yes, definitely the same here. As far as implied secondary characteristics go these ones seemed pretty funny if they really weren't just an odd artistic touch. 😸
Do they have hyper drives?
This one wonders how you might define 'glitch' if not the behavior described.
no u
"Elmo lives, Elmo dies, ELMO LIVES AGAIN!"
