With regard to the weather, check out southeast Asian Muslims wearing veils in 30 degree weather with 90% humidity. They don't even sweat. Meanwhile the white tourists wearing tank tops and bike shorts sweat buckets.
What is the percentage in London though?
They believe that they are superior in all aspect..., and that their countries are being overtaken by these primitive savages? I don't understand that contradiction.
Practical-minded practices are like laying down a towel before sitting on a public bench to not transfer fecal matter. What practical reason is there for hiding a natural spontaneous erection?
I agree. Once you see that immigrants are just people trying to find a better live, it's hard to spout hate at them.
I occasionally one shot a beast with mechablast rocket, then act surprised that I was able to loot anything useful from it.
I disagree. Languages can be changed forcefully, if the desire behind it is strong enough. What gives me hope is the recent addition of a new word in English, santorum. (Disclaimer: I don't have any stand in that matter, only interested in the process of getting the word out.) What I hope to see is a movement by all German esperantists to introduce something like 'dojcxo' to mean Germany. If they can push out enough literature, change all of eo.wikipedia and use it in conversation, I believe that the change can be made.
Apparently a land like the Sahara can support that population. Wikipedia puts the population of the [Tuareg prople](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuareg_people) at 1.2 million, and the 3-fold land is way bigger than the extent of the Tuareg people I think. They mainly inhabit across interior Sahara. EDIT: Granted, today's Tuareg probably buy food from coastal cities, I don't know...
Like it or not, Microsoft, Apple and Android are the trendsetters in this field. As of June 2015, "modern" means a flat design with two or three bright colors, no grays, and simple silhouette icons. XFCE is about ten years behind I think.
When live gives you a hole in the wall, you make a door.
I figured it out. Replace 'thus' with 'this'.
The portuguese, as always. The portuguese word for France is Franca (sorry for spelling), but the language, people and adjective form is frances. From there, it's just the usual Austronesian vowel and consonant transformations. F becomes p, double consonants have a schwa inserted between them, and c and e is morphed.
Does he actually believe that those are respectable sites, or is he aware of OP's bullshit and is cryptically conveying it by suggesting those sites to him? I seriously can't tell.
Vorto de Mormont-Domo: Cxi tie mi staras.
Reading the title, I assumed it's from fakemalaysiannews.com
Thank god we know at least ONE thing that jet fuel can't do.
I am actually impressed. I can't come up with half of that even if I were to try really hard.
Rare because there aren't that many living channellers anyway. With the surge of new recruit, that would be subject to change. Furthermore, policing is definitely needed to stop the kind of harmful experimentation that Semirhage was doing.
Shirene is still alive in the book.
You should keep your job in a safe then. If you're parading it around, you're just asking to be robbed.
Could be his luck at work there. Though at that point in the series I feel like you could cast a net at a busy intersection and catch a darkfriend everytime.
You actually made the trollocs look cute... They look like furries.
Reddit has more than a hundred million users. (That needs clarification. I think it's unique visitors not user accounts, but not sure.)
Yeah, it's like that where I'm from. When I went to mainland US, it weirded me out that it rains only when a front passes over.
And the company is supposed to repair and maintain the fleet. Fuck, that's a really good deal.
