Or "clean that spoon and give it back, so i can throw it on the floor again!"
Hey now, I saw Naked Gun in there the other day. They're not all bad.
Are... are you my parts guy? It's like pulling freaking teeth to get little stuff like that.
The reason he doesn't like car debt is because the value is going down, while you're paying interest on tope of the depreciating value.
That's hilarious, it's almost like they're running to get back on the wheel. "wheee! that was so fun! Let's go again!"
Use your laptop to rip the cd to an .iso file, it makes a copy of the cd. Then transfer it to your pc. What version of windows? Windows 8 can natively mount that iso, so it will look like another drive, like an inserted cd perhaps. You'll probably have to reinstall fallout, but it will work magnificently. You could also look for a no cd crack on torrent sites, or just pirate it, because, really, who cares since you've actually purchased it.
Don't forget all of your friends needing head gaskets.
Pcs+ r9 290, I think the highest core temp I've seen is about 70 degrees.
Well that's more or less what the 10 he didn't drop said.
"What are you giggling about over there" "Take a guess" "...Tiny arm Ned?"
The signs in Colorado call them runaway truck ramps.
Volvo pls dont
They're in Vegas, that word means nothing to them.
Well its not supposed to happen
Hah, fucking horizontal and vertical are the opposite of what I think they're going to be!
It may be faster, but they're going to have like 5 minutes of play time. A 7200mah 3 cell (more powerful than the battery he used) in my Traxxas slash (like the rc truck he used, but 4wd) lasts about 20 minutes if I'm easy on the throttle. And it doesn't have all that weight to push around.
Finally, I *am* the 1%!
From working hard and not being a drain on society? Go to a tech school, get into a trade. It's pretty easy for a couple of slightly trained people to combine for 60-70k, roughly $15 an hour, especially after a couple of years of experience. 2 years out of tech school, I was an auto tech making $14 an hour. By the 3rd year, I was a few over that. My wife works in banking, without a degree, and makes well over that $15 threshold. Combine this with actually knowing how to handle your money, and it ain't hard. 100k in 10 years is about 850/month. Anyone with kids knows that's about the same as daycare for one child. So wait until you're 30 to have children. Wait until you're 25 to have a children, invest 850/month from 20-25, and still have over 2 million. At 600/month from 20-25 it's worth 1.6 million at 65. Only invest that 850/month from 25-30, when your careers are a little more established, and have nearly 1.5 million at 65. Invest $600/month in that time and you'll still have just over a million at 65. All of this is assuming 10%, which can never be assumed, and I didn't even include interest compounding while you're doing the saving. It also doesn't include matching 401k, it doesn't even have to add anything after the initial 5 or 10 year deposits.
Wat? Mine says 1 hour til the show starts
Is it just me, or does that look like the tiniest stage ever?
I think it was coolant for liquid cooling.
Say opportunity one more time motherfucker.
No, it will be an upgrade, but it sounds like you can do a clean install if you want.
GoW on PC? I've heard great things, so that's exciting!
hah, I'm totally gonna get that for my father in law, he can't drive a truck anymore because of health issues!
