I agree. Brady this year reminds me of Payton Manning in 2012 or 2013, playing at a crazy level, but I think in a couple years we'll start to see the decline more.
If anything, they Tennesseed
My Raiders don't really need an extra receiver, but if we picked up Leonte Carroo I would be ecstatic still
Marrone would be the best fit imo, he did ok in Buffalo and that was without a decent QB.
If I was a QB about to get drafted high, I would just refuse to play for the Browns Eli style. Until they decide to have a decent roster before grabbing a QB every two years, there's just no chance anyone could succeed there.
Smart move for this draft would be to trade down and take a WR or DB in the first, right?
One B1G championship? Yes, please!
If you just blow up the team for picks, you'd be in a better situation than us or the jags were in 2012 when we started rebuilding. It'll be a couple of years of pain before things pick up, but it not like the Browns are close to competing either way.
The Cowboys have been nothing short of outstanding and working with troubled players. They've kept Greg Hardy from getting into any trouble this year, same with Randy Gregory. Dez's biggest problem has been that PETA doesn't like his monkey. If there's one place Johnny can succeed, it's Dallas.
Too busy tweeting
The Browns should hire Schwartz. He turned the Lions from a 0-16 laughingstock to a respectable team that even made the playoffs. He won't be the best coach, but he could be a good stepping stone for the Browns to start to show some signs of life.
He can't be so stupid as to record a snapchat of himself in Vegas and not expect it to come out... Can he?
The best was at the half when they asked what adjustments Chip would make and he said none.
I remember seeing that all the time in 2013! He would just keep going backwards under pressure and either give up a way bigger sack than he should've or got lucky.
Hire Spagnuolo please! He would be a really great fit for the giants.
ESPN Las Vegas does not lie
Even though I'd be sad if the Raiders moved to LA, I at least know they'd be in good hands.
Can you imagine Djax and Maclin with Jordan Matthews in the slot in that offense?
I think Josh Ferguson should have a good performance and could get drafted somewhere in the 5-6 range. He played some great football at Illinois and could be a good third down back.
What's the answer then? Go full Browns and fire a coach every year or two? If you fire a coach after two years (one of which he made the playoffs) that job loses a ton of it's value and you get stuck picking up all the crappy coaches no one wants.
Vince Young, guy was really special in college and looked so good early on with the Titans. I thought he was gonna be a star.
He's not good, he's elite
Nobody but Al Davis would have taken him anywhere near that high though.
He'd be like this for the first three quarters then play well in the fourth
To be fair their is basically just Nuk
