You can verify his Judo rank or lack thereof in about 15 minutes. Judo is REALLY REALLY strict about keeping records of who has what black belt rank.
Step 1. Actually train BJJ. Step 2. Participate in the subreddit community in a meaningful way via discussion. Step 3. Write stuff that is applicable and accessible to the community you are posting it to. You violate pretty much all of those. You don't train BJJ, you don't participate in the community, and your post itself was poorly written and kind of crappy.
If your post were written better maybe that would have come across.
Yup. That's the most straightforward way to lose weight.
www.joshjitsu.info It's primarily focused on BJJ and BJJ related training philosophy. Some of the articles can be more widely applicable, like http://www.joshjitsu.info/2011/11/circles-pyramids-shotguns-and-lasers.html but most of them would only be interesting if you are training in grappling of some kind.
Pretty much. He's able to get the bow and arrow, so never has to transition to the back. Imagine not being able to get that grip, so instead of finishing with the bow and arrow right there you have to hug them instead and take the back. I do like his pressure on the collar like that, I'm going to have to try that setup.
Everyone had BETTER be washing it regularly in this subreddit.
Same stuff I use. Works great.
Um, Cobrinha always has been and always will be my #1.
Sure, but mount is worth as much as it is primarily because it's a dominant striking position. Your submission options are actually a lot lower from mount than from side control because of the angles you have to work with. So awarding 2 points for the lift seems a reasonable compromise and a way to encourage good behavior like blocking the lift or releasing.
Video views aren't even peripherally related to this topic. Kimbo Slice has more views than Rodolfo, doesn't make him a more respected or admired fighter. Your anecdote is not evidence. You can say you feel that way, you can say that people you know feel that way, but you can't use that to make a sweeping generalization about the community view.
&gt; but the biggest problem would be that your opponent would have to be wearing something you could easily grip that wouldn't rip or come off This isn't true. Using your feet to pressure the biceps even without any grip allows for a pretty effective defensive guard, especially against the untrained. And a solid wrist grip without sleeves lets you do almost all of the same spider guard technique if you want to. However spider guard is used in self defense to slam upkicks into your opponents face, not do anything fancy. You just post on their biceps, then kick them in the face, then return to posting.
/u/rand486, king of the internet, comes through again.
I appreciate the concept behind that, but the setup for that guys leg lasso made me cringe. I don't think I would ever go to the leg lasso until I cleared that trapped leg. Otherwise you lose a lot of your control and ability to sweep, and set yourself up for things like this kneebar. I suppose it's good to know this in case someone fucks up and lets you trap that leg and still throws the lasso on.
We're bigger than /r/martialarts and more active, strangely enough.
You don't have the upper body extension that you get with a spider hook, which means your opponent can pin your bottom leg, clear the lasso, and continue to pass. You should use the spider hook until you clear the leg. RDLR + Lasso is not a place I would want to be. I'm sure there are some people that play that position really well, but it's a lot of risk for little reward in my opinion and I would rather play elsewhere.
Reduce your volume, increase your weight. Replace all of your isolation work with plyometrics. Keep the big compound lifts. Lat raises, cable crunches, curls, facepulls, tricep pulldowns, those can all go out the window. Drop your reps from 5/5/amrap to 5/3/1 where that last rep is 90% of your 1rm.
Switch for a couple of months, see what the change does for you, how you feel and how the workload feels. Then once you have adjusted to the heavier weights, if you are starting to lose the hypertrophy that you want then pick up the isolation work again until you hit the balance you are looking for. You are unlikely to lose a lot of your definition while you are still lifting because it's not as if those muscles aren't getting worked pretty hard. You might be slightly less swole at the end of the day, but you'll be a hell of a lot stronger.
Sure, if it's a violation of german law the way he's doing it then that's on him to deal with. But it's also a normal and common practice for all MTG players beyond the most casual. I don't know if that will make a difference to the german courts or not.
This is one of the times when I recommend a break from BJJ For about 3 weeks, then start weight lifting. Squats will fix your knees if done properly.
How come the only thing I remember from reading these books is my favorite characters getting murdered every 20 pages, while the TV show seems to have them raging across the landscape in invincible fashion?
OK, I watched the video twice more and I didn't see a single instance of an active RDLR hook. The bottom guys leg is pinned, it's not active. He can't use it to do anything. This technique is Dillon stepping around a weak hook unopposed in order to hit a kneebar. If the bottom guy had a spider guard hook and was pressuring up so that he could free that bottom leg and use it as an active RDLR hook then that kneebar option becomes a hell of a lot more difficult because you don't get a free step over. This whole technique relies on your opponent choosing to go to the lasso without an active hook.
Someone reaches out to shake hands and you establish the dominant sleeve grip and start reaching for the collar.
What crash? I haven't had a post caffeine crash since 1999 when I stopped taking caffeine pills. I was up to 3000mg a day of caffeine at that point, which will make you hallucinate just FYI. I drink coffee up until like 2 hours before I go to bed....
Apply steady force in the direction that they are weak in. No need for bursts generally speaking.
