The easiest thing is to get a new band, but I like to come up with creative fixes too. 1. Determine the ideal position for the loop. 2. Drill two tiny holes in the existing band. I have drills smaller than 1/32". You could force a pin through using pliers for grip on the pin. 3. Find suitable leather from an old coat or shoe upper. 4. Cut a doner piece the size of the loop that you want. 5. Sew the two ends of the loop to the base of the band using the two holes made above. You would use the two holes as well as wind the thread around the outside edge of the band. 6. Use nylon thread if possible for strength.
I don't know the age or model of car and that could help. Why is that tape around the hose? Check the fluid levels and see what is leaking. If it is brake fluid, drive slowly and guardedly to service after filling it. An oil leak you can keep topping off until it's bad enough to warrant a fix by way of mess and expense. An antifreeze leak is tricky. Most leaks get worse and antifreeze is under pressure so it can get worst fast. The insidious part is that air is drawn into the system and causes hot spots in cylinder heads that eventually can cause a blown head gasket valued at many times the leak repair cost, sometime the whole engine. Leaks can't be ignored until you know exactly what you are dealing with.
A vice is generally mounted on a workbench. Anyone with a workbench and vice probably has an abundance of other tool including scissors. For lengthy cloth, I have an electric pattern cutter. The razor-blade in the vice would not be good for cloth or paper because there is no slicing effect. Still, i don't discount this idea completely as there may be a use in cutting something. Cheese? No. String? Yes Fingers? FoSho
That all seems rather intense for a new year's resolution. Step 1: Have some discipline. Step 2: Make a decision to change at any point in the year when you discover change is desired.
Generally all you need to do is pull out those remaining thread pieces along the seam. They will pull out more easily from the back. sometimes it helps to take the material and roll it between two fingers on each hand to loosen them. You can also use fingernails on the back or even a seam ripper very carefully.
It's a nice looking watch because of the color. But it is a cheap watch with a movement equal to what is found in a dollar store watch. The band is proprietary and not made for any type of replacement or repair. The buckle end that you show from Amazon is designed as a replacement if you have a suitable mating end on your band. Your picture does not show the buckle end so I can't tell if you could install it.
Since it is new, don't screw around. Craftsman stuff is returnable. Go with something else. I suppose you could play around with shimming the short side with washers, but why? I never have this problem with mine. But again, I leave the jack in place when under load. It never moves. Use a proper dolly if moving a load.
It's a bedroom door so you probably can't hurt anything. The problem is that you loose 1/16" or more of door space at the closing side and this usually causes issues of jamming, tightness, rubbing, etc. If it does not and you can live with the "custom" look, OK. It's not that hard to carve out the space for hinges with a chisel, but there are risks of damaging surrounding wood. There are tools for it, but old craftsmen can do it quickly with simple hand tools. Scribe the position with a pencil or whatever. Take the chisel and hammer in the perimeter. You are both marking the position and setting the depth with this procedure. Then chisel in from the edges to avoid damaging other areas. Try to go about the right depth. You can shave the space deeper as needed. One key to his is to have an ultra sharp chisel. I would be using a 1" or so, but I have an assortment. Actually, what I really do is use a Dremel type rotary tool with a router bit free hand if necessary or with a small table. Depends on what tools you have. But I still would set the depth with a chisel on the edges for accuracy. PS&gt; A "5-way" tool also works as a good chisel for these.
Based upon reading your answers to the posts, I surely suggest you contact a professional for service. You will end up paying for a service call. The actual repair could be very minor. There may be some simple reset. On the other hand, a control board may have been damaged by the surge when power came back on and that would be costly. I lost a security camera to such a surge this summer. I think this is your best move.
Usually, refrigerator/freezer trays have a stop mechanism at the far end of the travel. It's not very complex. It consists of a "speed bump" at the end. You were caught speeding. Place the tray in the slot and lift it over the speed bump and slide it in. Pass me a beer.
There are not many parts to this device. It's mostly a heating element and a heat sensor. The wiring in your picture looks pretty clean. So I guess there is a short in the heating element. It would be unsafe to use if it did start. Consider yourself lucky. A heart transplant of the element is probably not warranted financially. You could confirm all I'm saying by testing with a multi-meter. Check the resistance of the element. It should measure a few ohms. If it measures zero, you confirm a short.
I'd certainly hold off on spending money at this time. I have seen a simple reboot like you did last for six months or until the door was left open by a kid or kid like adult.
Agreed, unless this is the end that the dog chewed up.
I've ruined lots of glasses and screens with compounds. Be sure to post pictures of your results and the technique you used.
Congratulations! Your reply makes my day. PS&gt;Yes, sometimes I just scribe the pattern with a utility knife.
I knew where this was going when you said "set of scales." You only need one scale for weight checking and I suggest a digital model. You don't want to be subjectively reading an analog one. Stop eating sugar and all processed food. That is all.
I can confirm this answer. And I add that you can take the old belt and measure around the circumference. Then measure the width. The angle of the V if it's that type is a factor also, but just eyeball it. Better yet, measure the inside width and compare with replacements. Hardware, appliance and utility vehicle stores stock a wide assortment and can match. Further, Note how much play you have for adjustment of the belt. You may be able to use one slightly longer or shorter as a replacememt.
Looks like a 3/8X16 machine thread to me. I'd hold it closer to the ruler to be sure. This would be an extremely common size, although the head is less common. Depending on what you use it for a simple he head might work as well, but not something with a tapered head. When you find what you think is a match at the store, hold the threads next to each other. The threads should nest together perfectly.
The internal connection where the prong of that plug meets the wire inside is failing. This drives the resistance up and causes heat. Eventually there will be arcing and more heat, even fire. You can't continue to use such a plug. A cheap plug end can be purchased at the hardware for a few bucks. You would need to strip the wires back to install it. If you are unfamiliar with the procedure, have a friend do it, and watch if possible.
Buzz killer here. This is the time to consider various ways to gain a job skill. Either go back to regular school or a trade school of some kind. Learn how to cut hair or something. I realize these things take start-up funds you probably don't have. There must be "gub ment" programs available. If this direction fails, find a job with a tradesman who could eventually sponsor your for a trade. My details may not work for you, but the direction is bullet proof. Your first goal should not be a job and money. It should be finding a way to improve your skills.
Off hand it sounds like the drive stripped a gear. This is the buzz. You know it has power. There is no generic fix. You have probably already tried to coax i to work by manually helping it to dance. If that doesn't work you will need to disassemble it and observe the defect, probably a stripped gear.
From the picture it looks like that pivot arm is pressed into the chair portion. You don't have equipment to remove it unless you could cobble up a drive piece with a C-clamp. You could beat it out with a hammer and punch if it were quite loose and I bet not. Your next alternative is to design some bracket to duplicate the function. This would be the job of an avid tinkerer that owned perhaps a welder and an assortment of metal pieces to fabricate with.
I have no experience with this product. Facing a $400 alternative, I would surely give this a try. You will only be working with the damaged part and not spreading the damage. You can always replace part.These products largely depend on the skill of the applicator. I could see cross-purposing this material on siding, garage doors or mail boxes.
I'm not positive what I'm looking at there. When the rust is that bad the screws could be hopelessly rust-bonded in place and require drilling out. Other times just the head is rusty and the threads are pristine. So try removal first. Heating is helpful in making them de-bond and unscrew. A small pencil torch would work. Don't over do it. It looks like a good Philips head on the one. Always use the perfect size driver and push hard in while turning. Another approach is an impact driver that imparts torque and "normal" force at the same instant and can break threads loose. But don't bother buying one if you don't already own one. You could try putting the proper driver in place and tapping a few times with a hammer in hopes of loosening it. And of course there is the obligatory suggestion to wet them with a "Liquid Wrench" type product and let it sit an hour. Lastly, you could deeply slot the heads with a Dremel type tool and a cutoff wheel. However, the head looks so small that the head would probably split off the first time you tried to use a flat head screwdriver on it. That's all I got now.
Yes, but you can always purchase an annuity with a portion of the cash received and achieve the security of yearly payments of the level you choose. And remember, the cash up front proposal is merely the discounted cash flow of the long term payments based on estimated interest rates. The Lotto itself buys an annuity with that SAME cash when the winner chooses long term payments.
