Just my two cents.. Abuela is Spanish. There are a great many white people living in Spain.
I am also a sub, and I don't know where you teach but I do have authority to enforce rules. I can't even tell you how many referrals I've written, and *most* of the kids know darn well that I can and will do so. As a result, *most* of the kids behave themselves.
It's only ever happened once before, and I wasn't pregnant then... but they aren't normally sore at all.
But wouldn't that happen *every* month? It's not a normal pms symptom for me.
Here's hoping!
Mine are usually...shall we say...less than sensitive. But now, if I brush against them it's very uncomfortable, whereas normally I'd never even notice. If I may ask, how many days did yours hurt before your BFP showed up?
YIPPEE!!! I'm very happy, because I've done all those things except the new reputations. :D
No one is forcing you to fly. Stop trying to force me *not* to.
Searchable achievements. That's what I want.
Well, I don't play on a PvP server. You choose for yourself if you want to fly or not, but do NOT make the choice for me.
Well. Guess I won't be going to a rescue to get my next dog. We're planning to get a playmate for my 1-yr-old pup, but he's not neutered and he's not going to be.
You're luckier than I was. My 5 yr old GSD was diagnosed with that - after he'd died while getting the x-rays required to diagnose it. :(
Looks good, but I don't think it's available around here. :(
Those kids must have really good parents. Kudos to all of them.
Teacher gave me a referral for using rewetting drops (I was wearing contacts) in class. Went down to the office, pointed out that there were no drugs at all in the drops and that as he was not my ophthalmologist I would not be taking advise from him on how often is too often to use them. Went back to class with no punishment.
I was in an after-school program called "latchkey" in elementary school. One day in sixth grade, the counselor yelled at me to stop reading at the snack table, because apparently sitting there quietly with my nose in a book was "distracting". Told my Dad when he came to pick me up, and he turned right around, called that counselor into the hallway, and gave him a right telling off. First time I ever heard Dad use a bad word! Even better, once the month we'd payed for was over I never had to go back there.
Sorry, but once I've done all the content land-locked (actually I think I'm at 7 times now) I'm perfectly happy to fly while leveling my alts.
Dear God.. I'm glad that's not a policy around here! I was a long term sub at the beginning of the year, high school, and I'm pretty sure at least half my students got Fs on their report cards just because they wouldn't turn in any work.
I was testing early the past few cycles, and even twice this cycle, but at this point I'm not very hopeful so I'll probably wait and see if AF is late before I test again.
My cat, who I recently had to put to sleep. He was 19.
Aside from my best friend's wedding and formal events like that, I haven't worn makeup since I was 11. But, I'm taken already. Sorry :D
I'm currently on cycle 8 and fully expecting to start cycle 9 today or tomorrow. I'll let you know.
Umm.. aren't there already night elf mages? Not sure about blood elves.
I still know my old ICQ number...
Test again.
