I'll just add a tid bit on, since most of the info has been covered: don't be afraid to copy and paste your answers into multiple questions. You will be asked similar questions in different areas. Don't try and be artistic with your words, just copy and paste that pedagogical theory and keep going.
This can be a ton Of fun! Take something you read this year and have students create a story board for a trailer for the film version. Make sure they go through an approval process with you, so there is a blue print, the text in each panel, and then they make the large version.
You can have them do the book they have just read, abridged. My kids loved Shakespeare abridged and said they would have liked to try to create Romeo and Juliet scenes that were only a few minutes long. Have them make scenery, sets, and bring "costumes". They can write a script. They have to boil it down to the essentials!
You shouldn't have a kitchen job on your teaching resume, unless you teach culinary. I never listed my Starbucks work, even in the beginning. It just didn't apply to teaching.
I told my kids to use their cornell notes we have been taking throughout all of this unit. I reminded them EVERY class! It was the only homework. Read and do cornell notes. The scores on the written portion are dismal. The only notes I see most kids have are those from the first day that we did together! If they do have notes, they wrote down story summaries and didn't look for the terms I told them to focus on. Sad sad sad. Typical for this time of year, but it SHOULDN'T be! The apathy kills me. Also, not listening to directions. I've told kids to plan outside of class for a poster they are assembling in class. NO ONE is bringing in pieces to assemble!
Improv comedy, Theater major, and my Masters thesis on digital citizenship in online gaming. I'm also 100% confident in what I say.
Interview vs. actual work wear
If I had stayed at the school I'd been at during the start of the year, I could see myself having left the profession. The place I started at mid semester reminded me that there are amazing staff, students, and admin out there.
Honestly, teaching has made me a coffee addict. I would love a gift card to a coffee place. Also, my students know I love games. I would dig on a gamestop gift card so hard. My favorite gift had to be a Christmas Bauble with all of the books we'd read that semester on it. I LOVE Christmas and it was so dang thoughtful.
Congrats! I'm i. The interview rounds again. Waiting to hear back from 4 schools! Been a while since the first 2 schools, but I called HR departments and they both said decisions were still being made. The other two were within the last few days. FINGERS CROSSED! I can only hope I find an amazing environment like the school I am finishing at this week.
That definitely helped!
Oooh home star! My old friend!
I see a lot of typical call outs on here, but not to the lovely platformers that made me want my PlayStation. Sly Cooper, Jak and Daxter, and Ratchet and Clank all have trilogies that are so worth it! Platforming fun with witty cartoons! Also the PS3 exclusive, Puppeteer! For RPGs, you must try Nier! I haven't finished, but it is absorbing! Ni No Kuni is another must have in this category.
Review, intro, practice, apply... I try to use this model when structuring a class. The best way to stay on point is setting a timer, at least for myself. Time management is a strong point for me, and my timer is the reason. I really want to get a large one for my class, one that I can stick to the wall.
What is a room mom?
Student (graduating senior): Why didn't you send me one of these cards? Do you not love me? Me: Of course I think you're wonderful, and I wish I could have more time to tell you if you'd just shown up to class. Class: OooooOoooOooo
Got a hug from this student on the last day. Real sweet heart.
At this point I don't think you're the teacher. You're a concerned friend of the mother's who is trying to help her son. When it gets to giving your number out and saying "I love you", I think you're actually not the teacher any longer I don't think it is wrong, by the way, but I think you need to realize that this is a friendship with the woman. I think she needs you as much as this kid does.
Amen. It is super weird when you're so close. I had a student say they saw me, but didn't say anything. That is always the craziest! I just hope I don't say anything weird that they overhear.
12 minutes? Is it all suburbs and stop signs?
Kids love the fantasize about our lives! My SO is a teacher as well, and his students used to think he HAD to be dating the secretary because they were the only two young people on the campus.
That's exactly how I felt this semester. It is so nice to be able to leave things on a Friday, because you know you can come in on a Saturday to right them.
How can they not have this in high school? Listen, I know I couldn't ever teach elementary, I just am not a fan of the formative teaching, the management at that level, and the tiny children minds, BUT there is no reason high school teachers should be left in the dust!
Same. She is too.
I love my talk radio!
