12, Dennis Martinez 6/2/98. Danks' is the 15th of ten or more in that span.
Any part of the bench in any dugout in any major league park. How did anyone else get here without that being their answer?
&gt; To you, it's just a baseball. That thing can brighten a kid's whole day though. Why would it be "just a baseball" to the grown man? If his reasoning was that he'd never caught one before, then obviously it means more to him than being "just a baseball." The whole damned *game* is grown men running around doing what kids do. I would be willing to bet that the ball means far, far more to the man than to the kid. If I had been given a ball as a kid, I don't know what I would have done with it. Probably played with it myself in the yard. I certainly wouldn't have bragged to my friends or anything, since after all, I was *given* the thing. I didn't catch it. But when I caught a foul ball at the age of 23, I was old enough to know exactly what that ball was. It was a piece of the game I love, that I had spent 23 years building up a deep, romantic appreciation for. Something that I revered, cherished as sacred, and out of it popped a little tiny piece that fell into *my* hands. I can look up the play-by-play and see the word "Foul" and know that *I caught that foul*, that that word is indelibly etched into baseball's permanent history and it involved *me.* It was an *honor*. No kid thinks of it that way. You are only obligated to give a kid a ball if you directly interfere with his/her chance to catch/retrieve it themselves. Otherwise it's yours.
Of course that's how it is. What you say with scorn I say with conviction. It really, really does mean that much to me.
ITT: quite a lot of people who are ignoring the butterfly effect. As soon as you start interfering with past events, everything starts to change, and those changes snowball into large, global changes over time. If we're talking a span of 3000 years, by the time you made it back to 2015, not a single person on this planet (including you, though I suspect the genie would take care of this paradox) would have been born, nor would their parents, grandparents, etc. There would be people, but they'd be an entirely different set of people. There would be no computers or automobiles or airplanes, no television or radio, *unless someone happened to come up with them on their own.* The English language, if it had been allowed to evolve at all, would be entirely different. The countries we know wouldn't exist. Maybe the new world would be objectively better. Maybe it would be much worse. Rather than take the chance, I'd either decline the offer or find a cave to sit in for 3000 years.
The only explanation I can think of is the first pitch. It was low and away, looked good and the ump raised his arm and clearly called strike. It's possible that he then changed his mind and it wasn't captured on video. The other strike was dead center and Votto swung and missed.
The angle from directly behind the fan at 2:46 does show that he didn't touch the ball. I wonder if the replay man didn't see that angle, because it looked pretty cut-and-dry to me. Maybe his very presence counted as interference, which I suppose is the spirit of the rule if not the letter.
Adding the /s ruins the humor. Let it stand on its own merit, and if the joke is well-phrased and contextually appropriate, people with intelligence will appreciate it.
Maybe it's because I recently watched *Baseball* but I read this in John Chancellor's voice.
Having a magical run in the regular season only to be annihilated in the end by the Yankees. I mean, they made a *musical* about it.
I've never seen a bat carry through the zone that fast. All I've seen so far is his last PA where he walked, but each time he swung I don't think the bat stayed over the plate for more than a frame. I have this weird feeling that I'm going to remember what I was doing when I tuned into the eighth inning of the choppy mlbtv stream of Joey Gallo's debut.
Some of that seemed to be channeling the roommate from Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
It needs to be stressed that it happened in the *same series to opposing teams*, and that neither pitcher walked anyone. This Is The Greatest Game In The World.
The kid needs a nickname to go with the stellar career he's about to begin. I propose "The Iron Giant" but I'm willing to hear other suggestions.
He can't slap it past him because if he could then they wouldn't shift on him.
His job is to see if there's *conclusive evidence to overturn the call on the field.* That's how it's supposed to be approached.
To fall down at your door
As far as I know, field umpires are still empowered to overturn their own calls, which they should have been able to do after watching the replay on the jumbotron.
&gt; 2004-2015 (so 10 yrs, plus two months) That's actually 11 years and two months.
My OCD *hated* the uneven divisions. My OCD *still* hates the uneven schedule and playing the same interleague teams over and over. It could easily be fixed but they don't care.
The National League was founded in 1876 and for much of the 19th century it was all there was. There were rival leagues occasionally, often with different business practices and the gumption to steal NL players away, but they all faded away. Then the American League declared its majority status, had the money and clout to threaten the NL, and all the "senior circuit" could do is accept the new rivals. They gradually started to incorporate themselves together, with codes of conduct, a commissioner, and collective bargaining, and eventually we just started calling it Major League Baseball. The rules were exactly the same until 1973 when the AL adopted the DH and the NL didn't.
Well, there is a reason, which is that there are seven days in a week and that's not a multiple of 3. They want one series each weekend, and stacking 3-game series one after another would quickly ruin that alignment. Scheduling an off-day every week would lengthen the season considerably. The alternative is to play a 4-game series one week and have an off-day the next. In practice it doesn't work out that evenly but it's the general idea.
And the confusion probably stems from the fact that they kept "league" in their names. The same thing happened in the NFL but the two merging leagues became "conferences" instead.
If I'm the batter and they move the catcher into the field, I'm just going to swing and miss at three straight pitches and saunter to first on a strikeout. Doesn't seem to be a particularly intelligent defensive move.
Why not "don't cross the streams?"
