Owens promo was brilliant. Cena's promo was good until Cena hit Owens with the "your words aren't fight Owens fight...your words are never give up" Basically: just like I inspire your son, I inspire you too
Some people are just always gonna have a stick up their ass about Cena. He's a super hero. He gives hope. Kevin Owens is almost a man because he doesn't believe in superheroes. He doesn't believe in unconditional hope...which is what children do. It's fairy tales vs reality.
Cena wasn't calling him a bitch because of some perceived physical inadequacy. Cena is calling Owens a bitch because Owens has a problem with giving hope and believing in fairy tales
I'm ready to spend 10 hours of my life clearing out the metro tunnels to see if they're all connected
No thanks. Currently have that situation with the flyers. Having guys who are past their prime and preventing new guys from getting playing time is a hindrance. All time eagle. Perfectly timed departure
They were high on Jarret. It didn't work out
If chambers ever figures out how to keep Philly guys from going to Cuse and go to State, PSU has a chance. As it stands now, I don't think Penn State gets close unless they can get guys like the Morris bros
I find it a bit worrisome that eagles fans have to demonize someone and just can't accept that he left. Bring on the downvotes. Dude just wanted to get paid and went to the highest bidder. He can still be one of the best eagles of all time and the guy who left for money
Wasn't a reference to you. Was reference the downvotes I'm getting for speaking the truth
Andy MacDonald and Lecavalier. MacDonald was a terrible contract but Lecavalier is the risk you run with a guy like Dawkins. If you pay them, and they are past their prime, it's a terrible contract that ways you down and prevents you from developing younger guys.
Macdonald definitely held back a guy like Gus (but I guess the flyers mismanaged Gus from the start). Lecavalier definitely held back Akeson from developing
I was truly expecting Iverson as the front page player for us
Is there any chance, that if he owned up to it, people would be like "aight"?
CRUEL, but good word use
The arena will be made mostly of MCW's bricks?
Operation Shade commence
I'm hoping so. Only 2 weeks until draft
I don't feel bad for Tampa because of years of brig forced to watch that horrid trap. If you sit on a lead, you're gonna have a bad time On the other hand...fuck the Hawks. I'm conflicted
At some point you get to dap up Malik rose...so that's worth something
Tell you what: I'll give you kimmo in his prime if you don't score that short side goal on Leighton
Cleveland really needs Kyrie. That depth is already thin
Nope. Never
Maybe. I've tried to block those things from my mind
Looks like a giant nug of weed, honestly
I honestly don't believe that the show writers ever gave Stannis a fair shot. And to those who say that since Stannis killed Renly, he's not afraid to kill his kin: Renly walked away from Stannis. He was a threat and an enemy that was pleaded with. He was not the heir to the throne. Go away
