When can we read some afterreports? :)
Early versions of ToME4 looked a lot like Angband. But the UI and gameplay have both changed considerably since.
No way, even Byron wasn't as bad as that demon :( All out religious demonic force with terrible CGI flames? I'll take the singing Byron over that any day...
Lyta's development through Byron is interesting though. The telepaths weren't that interesting as a group, but seeing how the others interacted with them revealed a few new things. In particular Sheriden having to deal with troublesome rebels, and Lyta learning the truth of how warped and used she's been. If the Byron arc had been condensed and more thrown in about Lyta's resulting terrorism involvement I think it could have been far more gripping.
You need to calm down and step out of this thread. It's fine to dislike a game, but don't start attacking individuals.
If you go to Z'Ha'Dum, you will die... Sure lived up to its promise :)
Few dozen is fine for this sort of gathering. Do it! Get IRDC USA 2016 scheduled now!
A pretty good introductory article for anyone unfamiliar with roguelikes in general :)
Yay, a write-up! I'm glad the meet-up was a success, and it sounds like there's good appetite for more in future. In the past we've struggled to get anyone motivated to run this before, so big kudos to /u/heroicfisticuffs for kicking this all off! I was sorry to miss it, but it sounds like my name was invoked a good deal :-/ Poor local Nethack players must have been so confused... Hopefully next year's IRDC will get roughly scheduled soon. I can then try to convince my fiancée that we should have our honeymoon around the same time and place ;)
Well there was a push to maximise numbers on this to make best use of the space. If you're restricted on numbers then concentrate on getting key people instead.
Thanks! We've done both hunger clock and hero trap. What other tropes are you thinking about?
No corruption involved there - just 45 minutes of me talking to myself.
There were issues with the outtro recording, and a few people's submissions were too low quality to include, but overall it went fine :)
Welcome to the fun! The roguelike community is pretty awesome :D Just don't ask us about the definition of 'roguelike'... ;)
We had a procedural generation episode, but not one specifically on levels. To be honest it's not an easy thing to discuss in audio - you kinda want diagrams and code snippets to demonstrate points in depth. Jim's IRDC talk on level design in Dungeonmans is brilliant: http://www.twitch.tv/irdc_usa/c/6781057
It's most of what we received - a few we couldn't use due to audio issues. But in the scale of all YASDs ever, this is nowhere near representative of the total human suffering roguelikes have caused ;)
I'm not sure if I have much positive to say about either topic, but I'll see if I can get on people with different views ;)
Give Hoplite a go. It's a mobile game, quick to play, very tactical, has the core roguelike formula. I know very few people who haven't found it addictive :) From there try to branch into the bits you like the most or what you feeling is missing for a fuller experience.
Sad fact is the same is true about fantasy. Fantasy is utterly limitless, but it always ends up Tolkien spin-offs.
PRIME is like a sci-fi version of Nethack. Might want to check it out for inspiration. Does a lot of fun things - has corrupted floppy disks and so on. What I'd love to see is a cyberpunk roguelike :)
Heh, I couldn't guarantee, but I would try my best to attend.
And Babylon 5 ranks...?
Sorry, but this isn't the place for promotional posts, especially when it's not a traditional roguelike.
Not sure, but you may want to try /r/roguelites.
Woohoo! Keep us updated. One of the joys of this sub is hearing the "wow" posts from new viewers :)
