I've not been to a McDonalds in more than 25 years. What am I missing?
1-ply if you have a septic system. I've errantly fingered my bunghole many, many times.
Accident implies no such thing.
Can you point to a worked example of what you mean?
Dick for following so close.
And by merging illegally, they accomplished exactly what they set out not to do. If they'd allowed more room in front, they could have eased up instead of over.
When we think of brood parasitism in North America, we most often envision parasitism by cow birds. However, cowbirds rarely parasitize barn swallows. Were you able to examine the contents of the nest early or after the eggs were expelled? Barn swallows often lay more than 2 eggs, and so early hatched birds may have pushed out non-hatching eggs (infertile eggs or eggs not yet ready to hatch). Those eggs (those that hatched and those that did not) could have come from the same pair, but alternatively, what you may be witness to is intraspecific brood parasitism, barn swallows trying to rear their young in the nests of others. http://www.bioone.org/doi/abs/10.3161/068.040.0201
This guy engages in the most despicable douchebaggery you can imagine. He's a college dropout that sees no value in education, which is why he's slashed both K-12 education immensely and removed $300+ million from college education. He's disbanded the science arm of the Wisconsin DNR, because who needs information to make decisions? He campaigned on growing jobs and Wisconsin is one of the poorest performers in the Midwest. He campaigned on balanced budgets and reduced taxation, but the reductions in taxes have been meager ($100 less property taxes, for instance) while the budget deficit has skyrocketed. He likened teachers and public safety workers (cops and firefighters) picketing at the state Capitol to terrorists. He wants Wisconsin to be the Mississippi of the North. Mississippi! Are you fucking kidding me. If he becomes president, we'll all be living in Mississippi.
I read that he's reduced weight, to 206 or so, down from what at one time was around 222. Hopefully this reduction in weight allows him to better keep his feet under him, allowing him to maximize his incredible skillset. I'd love to see him as the 4th or 5th S. I see them keeping Abdullah, Parker, Branch, Kelcie, and Commings, with Berry on NFI.
I hate IT at my place of employment. They think security trumps capability. I think if they sacrifice capability for security, they aren't good enough for their job. IT works when no one hears from them EVER, but I fucking deal with them damn near everyday. I hate IT.
I wish it were that way. The problem is that IT isn't judged by how they maximize (or even optimize) organizational capacity - there are no metrics of capacity or accomplishment by which to judge them. Why? Because they don't exist to satisfy the mission of the organization. It's those of us doing the business of the enterprise that are judged by what we accomplish. And right now, because of IT's incompetence in keeping organization resources secure, the organization's ability to accomplish its mission is hamstrung. If a mechanic can't keep a vehicle functioning well, the mechanic is replaced. The mechanic isn't responsible for maintaining the vehicle AND policing the streets on which it operates. IT should not be responsible for organizational security. An entity separate from IT is needed, one that allows IT to do information technology rather than information security (IS). Bring in people trained specifically in security to handle information security, rather than leave it in the hands of individuals with AA degrees who cannot and do not possess the education to cover the breadth of IT let alone IS.
Unless the Pope mentioned something about limiting the human population, it isn't enough.
The error pointing to the registry makes me wonder whether you have the immortality key? Have you used WinBUGS before on this machine?
I'm advocating for more competency by paying for more educated people focusing on one task rather than two. With as much corporate espionage (e.g., St Louis Cardinals-Houston Astros affair, government employee data breach) going on these days, it's time to find an alternative way to accommodating security without costing us our ability to operate. Currently, conflating IS with IT means we don't, and can't, have good IT.
If he clears waivers, he'll probably get an IR designation.
I'm a member, though I've not done anything for/with them yet. There's often sample design problems, analytical chores, etc. Some might require coding, but there's a variety coming in all the time and you can pick how involved you want to be.
It's all pro bono, no dues, only the time folks invest in it.
I did this once. Except when I went for the phone, the guy turned away and I ended up poking him in the eye. He left the theatre, though, to finish his call. He also called the cops and I was arrested. The cop REALLY wanted me to apologize to the guy but I wouldn't. Would do all again. So, beware, if you answer the phone during a movie, you might get poked in the eye.
My wife affected an English accent after we spent a week in Canterbury. She couldn't help it. I was incredibly embarrassed the whole time, but the Brits didn't seem to mind.
I can't for the life of me understand the fascination with a serial killer. How can this be a show?
There is no reason you couldn't go to graduate school right now. You may have to make up some of the coursework, but if you find something that leverages your educational background (e.g., diseases affecting both humans and wildlife), somebody would almost certainly love to have you.
Mismanagement cut the population... Hell, overpopulation is the cause of global warming. Depopulation is an entirely reasonable solution.
Most campus bookstores I'm familiar with do not allow you to stroll around with a book bag. You got to check those things.
What country are you in, because that won't work anywhere I've been in the U.S.
I choose to believe this is really a debate about taxonomy. 41% side with the idea that birds are dinosaurs.
