Prince Fielder had a pretty damn good month as well. But no Kip deserved it
Alright so I'm a summer day camp counselor and there is a kid at the camp who is cheering for the Warriors to win the series because he knows it bugs people. My god is this kid a shit head I heard nothing but trash talk all day. I would throw a jab or two back but considering I'm the adult in the situation I couldn't just belittle him
How about an anti joke!!....how much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to mall your face off if you ever ran into one!! :D
Broham whenever I post anything semi criticizing Manziel I get down voted to hell and deemed a "hater". It's a lot more than 5-6
Bitonio was a 2nd rounder. It's not like it's unexpected for a 2nd or 3rd rounder to contribute day 1 but u understand what your saying
Assuming Smith isn't hurt that bad, I wouldn't mind him or Bosa for the Browns. If with their first two picks the Browns could snag two of the following three it would be great. Bosa, Smith, Thomas And I'm not an OSU fan in the slightest
they need a pass rush as well
If you're gonna repost, you should prob wait at least a day
Madden 16 is the latest one. Why would you go back to a previous madden?
So if the wheels fall off the kart with the next guy do we fire then immediately to? I mean fuck why not keep Pett because it's not like we can get any worse
We need Tennessee to win
I want him or Jaylon Smith (depending on how bad his injury is)
He has been playing a lot better the past few games
Check literally any other thread on the sub
Gonna guess somebody from Bleacher Report
Nah they are getting yelled at by O'Neil as we speak
Can we see some Pryor at QB because why the fuck not
Johnny "Angstey Teen" Manziel
Please no
we go from "High School Mike" to "College Chip"...one more regime and maybe we will finally get an NFL caliber HC
Wait no flag?
Like I said, the whole "Pett has lost locker room" is just untrue. We just don't have any talent
He's not trolling. Anything that is anti-Manziel is not trolling.
broham i've been downvoted on this sub for saying the Johnny the passer didn't play well against KC and I hope he bounces back. So yes. Literally any valid criticism on Johnny gets downvoted
I stand with Joe. Manziel should have at least been in the locker room to support his team
