boots look great. waxed laces over rawhide is kooky talk, though.
Yes, but it hasn't been officially processed yet, as they said they don't refund until it officially ships, which it hasnt yet.
natty cxl is probably my favorite boot I own. If I could only pic one, I'd definitely choose it over the shell, though obviously the shell is great too.
After VAT refund the pair I just ordered from oki-ni was 225
You handled that with far more dignity and aplomb than I would have.
I find the color on these a bit confusing. Pic #6 is the only one where they look tan/brown, the rest just look grey. Would you say most of the pics are true to color?
Side 1 is a great shot.
So who's going to sack up and do what needs doing on these EG shell derbies from the MrP sale? http://www.mrporter.com/en-us/mens/edward_green/windermere-cordovan-leather-derby-shoes/465706
Way off. They're going to be in the 150-200 range for sure,
Do they have to get it right? Isn't their whole business model based on avoiding all risk by putting all the uncertainty on the customer? They get to let the product validate itself. Plus I think they have a large enough user base of fanboys who will be in for one regardless. There's just no way to make a CXL sneaker for under $100 and still have room for profit though.
These look great! The last definitely reminds me of the OSB trench, but for half the price it seems like a great buy. The stitching all looks super tidy, and it has a great matte black finish. What's the outsole like? Commando lugged? Anyways, these seem like a great pickup for the price.
&gt; No eyelets though. We save you money by having you punch your own!
I would have thought so, but they fit somewhat different to my 110 boondockers. The boots are a size 9.5 and fit rather generously, whereas the oxfords are a size 10 and fit snugly in both the toe and heel. Could just be a difference in the leather or lasting process, but the fit really is quite different. Agree that my pics look similar to the reference pic in toe shape, though
I've only tried on the oxfords once, I'll check them again tonight.
[First wearing of my new CPs](http://imgur.com/kFHYIsX) Really impressed by how comfortable they are. Also appreciate that the redesign version has the cream soles rather than pure white. Overall just really enjoying these.
Wait what? Rancourt makes SWBs?
Maybe I'm just more laissez-faire about this stuff, but none of those seem like grounds for a return to me : / You'll see worse scuffs on literally your first wearing, and the heel thing seems pretty negligible inasmuch as it won't really cause any performance issues as far as I can tell.
Super impressed with shipping times from Oki-Ni in the UK. Ordered GATs on Sunday, and they're scheduled to be delivered today. I've ordered things from Chicago where I live that took 3 times as long as that to deliver.
I think if I'd lived closer to a distribution center that might have happened, but that it took an extra day to get to Chicago from there.
quick follow up, did you get hit with any customs from oki-ni?
super cool, love the RO heel counter
right, I figured it was them wanting to start the GYW run with their flagship boot that always sells well to test the waters
holy shit, look at this. [almost every size still available](http://viberg.com/collections/footwear/products/service-boot-brown-chromexcel)
I've tried on those shoes I would order the 8
I ordered them but ended up sending them back. They were nice shoes but just not what I was looking for. TTS is definitely the right way to go though.
