Uh well maybe it was cold and he was trying to keep warm? I don't see how keys in the ignition are a guarantee that this guy was driving.
I have those same boxers. They are Christmas themed superman underwear
Yeah I was kinda being sarcastic anyways. Because mapporn always has the most ridiculous random maps so this kind of thing would fit in
I live in North Dakota I see about 1 Chinese person per year. I don't actually believe that Chinese people shit on the ground I was just going along with the shit I always hear on reddit haha. Come to think of it I've seen 4 people shitting outside and they've all been white
Ahem I masturbate to my globe every single day and my racial tolerance has never been higher. So you don't know what you're talking about
Wow reddit sucks. JLo uses her fame to endorse a charity and all you people care about is the fact that she isn't dressed like mother Theresa. I'm willing to bet JLo has donated more to charity than everybody in this thread combined. But no fuck her because she has some rings.
Yeah, that's why he thought it was GTA.........
Cool!!
Why would this petition affect them at all? Are the guys who made bloodborne gonna be like "ok guys we can make $50 billion dollars from PC but all these sweaty guys just signed this thing telling us not too. *sigh* guess we won't get that money"
God and every single comment was the same. "Omg this AMA is the best!!1!"
It's actually 2 four year olds standing on top of one another in an 8 year old body suit
To be fair some people do eat dogs. And some people keep pigs as pets. I don't get the argument you're making. Obviously people are not going to stop eating beef. Would you rather cows be treated like shit before we eat them or would you rather they get to enjoy the time they have alive?
Ok so his mom then
Ok
I do refuse to admit it's wrong. Because I don't think it's wrong. There's no argument to be had here because neither of us are changing our mind. You value an animals life just as much as a humans life and I don't. End of discussion
Maybe if you had a parent who wasn't there for things like that it would be easier to sympathize
Ah it's always the dumbest shit that makes me laugh the most
Montana?
Yeah they used to deliver by mail. I mean they still do, but they used to as well.
Idk what I just did but that was really hard for my brain to do
Neat! Ah ok give me 10-15 min I've never won this before
Yeah but what does the second part even have to do with the first part? The more proper way would be: Yeah alcoholism and drugs are bad, But maybe if you're can't quit drugs and alcohol you're better off dead anyways. Or something like that. Yours is just kind of confusing and doesn't really mean anything
7 faces 2 loudspeakers
Haha no I was just taking a shot in the dark... Was I close at least?
seating sections of a church?
