Stop overthinking and do what you feel. once you have pulled an "overnighter" (I am assuming this also means sex) then it's pretty much on. So relax, he is enjoying himself, you should be too.
"You suck dick right?"
Well, time to practice your baseball skills. Next time at bat, try to score second or third base!!! In my experience, once we are kissing and making out, the cocks become hard and if you touch him or draw attention to your hardon, it is just natural to wanna play with it. Ease him into a blowjob situation, and suck his cock. I find that sexual as hell and very intimate! It's not as big a committment as heading to the bedroom for upside down naked calisthenics, and often can be the most intimate way to provide pleasure.
Yes, it's a thing. Take note of specific instances IF there is a behavior you would like changed, be aware this isn't just about him, this is also about you. Look, I am a man's man kinda guy. I have tools, owned guns, intimidate younger straight boys, do my own brake jobs, fix plumbing and repairs around the house, remodeled the kitchen, et cet. None of that makes me feel insecure. But when my partner makes comments about my being our dogs mama to other men I would be insecure and object. Eventually I learned to deal with it and he learned to show enough respect that we reached a compromise. It just is key in realizing that just because he looks at you a certain way, that doesn't make you into that person. You can ask them to change, you can ask them what they mean, and explain how it makes you insecure. In my life he tells our 13 Lb Shih-tzus to "ask their momma for a treat" I have realized that it is endearing and affectionate and I no longer object, he does take my car to the gas station and fill it for me sometimes, and he does a lot of the laundry chores and we share the cooking. It works for me, I don't take any shit for it, when my work friends come around they get a kick because they all see me as very powerful and manly, and he allows them to see a tender side to me. EDIT: spelling, some grammar, (iPad autocorrect hell)
Hey str8 bro, no one likes being "catfished" and what they did to you was awful no matter their sexuality or gender. If you were recorded, against your will, and without your knowledge, that is not a crime. However, if you were recorded while you were being misled and they then disseminate your images to porn or other content providers, they have committed some crimes which are prosecutable and carry both civil and criminal liability (fines, restitution, jail time). If anything they may post it somewhere. If you do find it out there, seek legal help to have it removed and control it. Keep in mind that you are not a celebrity, so your pictures will not stand out unless someone knows you. Don't be too afraid, the pics will be largely unseen until you run for office...
Offer him the whole package bro. Instead of trying to be his first, try to be his all. Go and try to win out against the boyfriend, but you have to offer the same things. You don't mention that the brother is into you at all, so you must be just wishing from afar? Time to find out if you have a chance at being his boyfriend, not just some guy who wants to fuck him.
All you have to do is take it to the next level. Instead of eye contact, it has to be verbal, so be cute when you say something. Take your time wording responses and instead of short curt responses, take the time to introduce new subjects while keeping the conversation going. For instance: (Him) Sup? (You) IDK- but there are possibilities.... There is no way that won't get a response, (or blocked haha). Be suggestive, sexual, excited, and interested, but use your words.
Remember to have fun and talk about how it feels to your partner. He needs to know if you feel good and vice versa. One shower will work, just pay attention with soap and washcloth to all the ares where he might be close. Scrub your ears, your toes, your ass, taint, hole, Cock, balls, and stick a finger in and around inside your anus to make sure you are clean, if you have a foreskin, retract it and clean all inside there. Above all have fun, and don't be selfish.
&gt;He lets me be selfish and not do much and he does a lot of the work haha Well it's obvious you and he are in different places. You think you are simply fucking, and he thinks he is building a relationship. At some point you figured to stop taking advantage of him? Or did you plan on being the "selfish one" from now on? So you plan to ghost him. Wow, that's payback for his investment. Why not just level with him and explain that it is purely physical for you and obviously not for him, and it's time for you to go. God forbid you take some responsibility here. Be firm, be real, tell him that it's over and you are not seeing him any more.
Challenge yourself. Let him drive. You need practice at that. Social first or you will be easy and they won't date you, but will just use you for sex. These aren't hard and fast rules, there are always exceptions, but as a gay man, you owe it to yourself to learn how to function socially first so that you can separate the serial killers from the potential husbands.
Yes, three years ago I was heavily recruited for over a year for what turned out to be my dream job. I was in a three year old relationship that had a commitment ceremony, joint assets incl. shared home, shared vehicles, and joint checking accounts. When I tried to talk to my husband about the recruiter he laughed and told me to submit a resume because "what could it hurt?" I said that they would probably offer me a job. I did, they did, and when it came time to move I almost got divorced. We moved together, it was extremely difficult on our relationship, we suffered from the loss of his income while he was working on certifications and credentials for the new state regulations. Eventually it worked out, but I will never ever consider a move without full disclosure with joint compromise and decision making. Why has it recently changed? Is this his preference? Or is an opportunity just too good to pass up? It is one thing to be upset over not being near each other, but what happens when you guys try to solve work problems? I had to support my mate for a year and a half to get to a place where we were both working successfully. If you guys want to be together, then ask him to marry you and solve the problems together. Many schools offer degree programs online, is he able and willing to help you work you way into a more successful degree? Will you be content working and doing school part time while watching him be successful? Do you trust him to help you? TL:DR if you love him and he loves you then work on each other's careers together.
Are you fucking kidding me? I'm gay, this is /r/askgaybros, and in case no one else has the balls to tell you, you're fucking gay bro. Time to get the counselor redirected to help you accept it.
Why are you asking this question. Do you not realize you are in danger?
crying that often is a red flag. You are being manipulated, controlled and systematically abused.
You need to get out of your head and into your hands. Start painting and doing things that require concentration. It will be much healthier than letting your mind go in circles. Meditate every morning. Observe your thoughts. You will find that porn is like a drug. You have been an addict, dealing with the minds addiction to it isn't easy. Don't fuck around until you know someone. Minimum of three dates, they have to make the first move, leave your penis in your pants and concentrate on holding hands and being in the present.
You need real dates, not hookups, emotional intimacy, not sexual activity. I don't understand why people want to pretend that love and sex don't go hand in hand. You need to have the social intimacy of falling in love, date, kiss, hold hands, be real, talk about fears and share them. Then you will have enough emotional investment to control the sexual expression of that.
You have asked him to be your boyfriend? If not, then do. but you know what? Wear black, do some mourning, take care of grief like you lost a relationship because you have. It's the same process for getting over unrequited love as any breakup, feel it, self care, slowly get on with life. It isn't supposed to be easy to feel, but the question remains; now that you got hurt playing FWB, don't you think it should be a boyfriend you share sex, intimacy, and secrets with? Don't look for a hookup, don't look for a FUCKBOY. Look for a real live boyfriend...you sure wouldn't be worried right now if you had. Stop being so easy, once you show them your cock, you are all out of reasons to date and be boyfriends.
Dealbreaker. I don't mind a conservative, have your own mind, but a guy who is gay wanting to support Cruz or the other guys who want to roll back gay marriage and go to "kill the gays" rallies. Sorry bro, deal breaker.
Gotta be real with ya, it is a lot more fun when boyfriends cut your hair.
Dude, go ahead with your plan. You get a dog, he gets a cat and there you go! Raise em together and all is love. If you need some cat tolerance remember that some gay men just have to have a little pussy. Haha!
You have to level with him. A relationship won't make any sense because you don't want the same things. Explain that you don't want a relationship with anyone right now, and he will probably want to end your sexual relationship and possibly move into another roommate situation. Good luck
I like a Case. I have carried one for years.
Gay activism is not limited to bar flys and drag queens despite what the media would have you believe. It is anchored by families.
Dude, get a room. When a friend helps you because of a breakup or what ever, you don't break the rules. You don't invite people over, you don't smoke in the house, you don't treat it like you are the homeowner. You quietly get back on your feet and move on. Then you can have a stranger in the living room naked at two am.
Hi Bro, I was molested. I also know that I was gay before I was molested. I also understand the issues around pedophilia. The NAMBLA crowd he mentions has been around for years, but has always failed to gain traction in the mainstream. Why? Because sex is HARMFUL to minors, it damages their self esteem and ability to develop into confident sexually aware adults. It is generally accepted that young minors do not have comprehension of the consequences of their actions and so do not possess the ability to consent to sexual acts. They are also commonly manipulated into having sex even when they do refuse. Legality for pedophilia will never trump protection of innocent children. I am not impressed with his claims to be a counselor to gay clients, I would not want to do therapy with someone who had no empathy for my situation, and referred to my group as "them people, you people" he obviously doesn't support homosexuality, compares homosexuality to pedophilia and is repeating common political rhetoric as being a learned man or scientific researcher. Unfortunately all of what he points to is not empirical research, not objective scientific experimentation, but simply conversational opinion bolstered with facts inappropriately drawn into the conversation much like any of us might have or argue with about our political opinions. He is apparently repeating shit that he has heard.
