Went to a wedding earlier this year where the Various Nefarious were playing. Absolutely mind blowing.
Kings Canyon, Northern Territory. On the way out we kept on laughing at the couples coming back in. No talking, no smiling, just stern determination on their faces. 6 hours later, we were that couple.
It was about 4 years ago and the middle of your summer. I was a lot better looking back then, so maybe? :)
Even in my belly! Seriously, the best liquorice in the world. Got hooked when my brother worked for neg micon, would always bring back the good stuff.
Yes. Exactly like that! What is it?
So excited, he's shouting?
11 years this year and your advice still holds in our house. Why split the chores? It's my house too, my kids too and just as I like having free time to myself at night, my missus does too! my input on the question: do be true to yourself, don't forget there's another half to your entity now.
Thanks, man. You've stilled the troubled waters of my soul. :)
**quite different from what I've found here in Australia. I think the sensation was a combination of this and some top-notch softis. It's so hit and miss with the quality of the soft-serve here.
Or as expensive! Blew my mind when we bought 4 slices of cake and 4 muffins for my daughter's 5th birthday and it cost AUD$80. Regardless, 10/10 would visit again.
No shoes, no service.
Read your comment, had a chuckle and thought "my wife says the same thing about me". Then looked at your username and went "Holy Fucking Shit! Is she on reddit?". Then I had to trawl you history to make sure you weren't her (sorry!). Good news everybody, /u/LivinginAdelaide is not my wife.
Ssh! Maybe. I have young kids. Does anyone with young kids really "live"?
You want to get stabbed through the heart? Because that's how you get stabbed through the heart.
Pilot: Ground, this is VH134 request clearance for runway 21. Ground: Repeat VH1..wwwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee! Pilot: VH134, I repeat, VH134! Ground: Roger VH1...wwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeeeeee!
Classic Indiana Jones.
Eminent Domain sounds like it will fit the bill too. Recently played it with the Escalation expansion and found it thoroughly enjoyable. Has the Lead/Follow role selection mechanic with deck building. It's possible for the engine to be kicked in first turn if you're particularly keen and the strategy you want is evident in the lay of the planets. Otherwise, it's in play by the third turn at the latest. No spatial reasoning required at all. Turns are quick and there are clear end game conditions. Sometimes it feels too quick, but there are optional ending conditions to increase the game length.
Shut yer cockholster. That's a complete fucking fabrication, you dick mouthed galah.
A crossfitter, a vegan and an atheist walk into a bar. All the other patrons left.
Gave it away when she asked him "Are you ready to go?" and he replied "I've been eagerly waiting for it all day!"
I'm not a conspiracy theorist normally, but I don't see this going away through any sort of law reform. Why? Because cash can't be traced (easily). I'd bet there are powerful lobby groups on behalf of big business that are telling the government it's a great way to offset the costs/bonuses of law enforcement agencies while encouraging the populace to move to a cashless society where the tax people can trace transactions and the NSA can build a better monitoring program. You know who else it benefits? The guys the lobyists represent - the guys who put together all your information and spending habits to better target you.
Yes! It was the single go to sport for me in every Winter Olympics compendium on any game platform ever. My obsession caught on and it became the go to tournament between me and my friends when playing.
The three Rs: redaing, riting and arthitmitc.
1: continued 2: about 3 3: about 3 4: exactly 2 5: no.
Maybe not this weekend, but will be there in December. Enough of the 20 hour flights already.
