how about that the scar is the gun in the image? im guessing a tiny % knew that
or you rethink what he wrote
You can't replay missions though. This method is a leak.
well you get extra points if you get a kill with it. so if you're trying to win it can be an interesting choice between more points/favored weapon.
ehhh kind of semantics i guess. currently without this method, you can play it once on a specific map. with this method that valve didn't make public you can do it whenever you want on a variety of them. I don't really care whether it's a leak or not. Glad OP posted though it's kinda fun and I'd like to be able to mess with it more than just the one time.
Hey man I don't come around here as much as I used to but I've seen your analysis recently and it's excellent. Very little opinion, lots of concrete facts organized in a narrative. Great contributions.
They've already been doing this for at least 2 years+. It has always been in their catalogs. For select ssds/ram it lists a price when bought in a combo. It just doesn't advertise it elsewhere. I got that combo when I put my PC together a long while ago.
i bet the same way! I've even made some money off some luck (opened a tf2 hat with a free key long ago and sold for $100). When I'm watching a game I've bet on, you've never seen someone care so much about .08 before!
I think I'm just really trying to figure out a way to continue to see her and not get hurt lol... Initially my emotions were in check. Maybe not so much anymore... I think you've brought me to the same crux that I got to typing all of that out. Thanks.
nah that's not true. it's the silencer + tighter spread
I will never use it because of the stance on adblock. I respect the choice but I and many others aren't interested in it for this reason.
Very true, but analysis and betting strategy are two different things. It's a good thing that so many people play "pick-the-winner" for guys like you and me though.
omg...
lol when should one be trying to scam someone? he's a scared kid -- pathetic by your account -- and yet he's still got you all riled up. I'd much rather see someone who makes a mistake correct it, even if not by their own initiative, rather than leave the deed unexamined. There's a chance he learned something.
I actually agree completely. I think the issue is that there are just a limited number of niches for pistols. They aren't weak, just situational. The only thing to buff on them would be armor pen. And if you make them viable against armor I think you have to make it swappable with 5-7/tec-9 because they would just be redundant. Lack of armor pen is actually what gives it a unique place.
Ya agreed. It deserves its own slot soley based off the fact that it fulfills a unique niche compared to all the other pistols. The guns it swaps with are for entirely different use cases and you should have to pick which one is available to you before the game.
bad odds = good odds!
considering how much money valve is raking in off micro-transactions, and how micro-transactions directly fund a much bigger prize pool in their other competitive e-sports game, I think it's a very fair point regardless of olof being the one to make it. at the very least you have to wonder why there isn't a specific micro-transaction used to fund majors. Is The International Valve run? in contrast to the solely 3rd party valve-endorsed CSGO majors?
I like that. Leaves the judgement out. Opinion-less. I used to follow more closely and think, at least by my standards, I got pretty good at figuring real odds. It was all from watching a ton and seeing how teams fared against eachother. Beyond that and the random technical detail (a team is very good/bad at a map, stand-in, etc.) I think people buy into "noisey" details too much and it skews lounge odds. It's like "Hey - here is all of the relevant information organized in one place for you to make a judgement on." That being said, I guess you're right that it isn't very substantial *analysis* but I find it much more useful than someone giving their opinion based off facts (or not) that they don't flesh out in their post. I frankly put very low value in other people's opinions on real odds (I think most people suck at it), but I do appreciate someone who can summarize the relevant facts.
What about a site that serves as some sort of betting "hub?" I imagine a front page with the most bet on active match playing, lounge match odds with links, a section for analysis (or links/scraping /r/csgobetting), chat, links of current bettable matches, etc. some sort of betting "hangout." right now the place you bet is different than the place you watch which is different than the place you talk about it. i wonder if you can bring it all together to clarify, im not talking about a betting service - the idea is to link to csgolounge and use that userbase, not try to carve your own niche alongside them. that's probably a terrible idea.
Ya I have no illusion that they are tier 1 teams. It's just primarily what I watch (just works out time-wise) so I don't really consider that people might think I'm talking absolutely. Anyways, I've found most people over-exaggerate the skill difference between the top tier 1 NA teams and the bottom ones. The underdog wins more than *expected* and everyone screams "wow never betting NA again, so inconsistent" when in reality they are just overrating the top teams. You're definitely right to think most all NA games are risky, but that's a good thing depending on your betting strategy.
no he wasn't. someone contacts you with a threat then you block them.
i've been gn 4 for several weeks as well. won about 60% of those games and I'm top of the leader board almost every game. A handful of those have been with friends above my rank where I have also done well. Not a complaint - just echoing that mg has a fairly substantial barrier to get into. I've been surprised at about every win for 2 weeks that I haven't ranked up lol
to play with friends. not saying you're wrong mind you
as far as he knows that just puts him in an uncomfortable situation. there is no telling if that would actually have negative consequences for someone.
