&gt; looks down to check what balls they have
I heard it as "My work is tearing out, peep yee-a-laut"
curves right in to a BGH
i did still feel sorry for the axe
"Some Skeels for me"
http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/1st1a4/look_closely_to_lunas_eye_isnt_it_eclipses_icon/
active the first few weeks of new season and slowly dies down until the next season.
expected title to be '5 reasons to join ti5'
&gt; ravenholft assissin A+
on the flip side, catching up in LoL is astronomically easier. like, in dota a level 1 , 50 minutes into the game, can get to level 10-12 in 5 minutes, but in league, you get from level 1-&gt;10 in like 10 seconds (few creep kills). However, on the flip side of that, if someone does abandon, 4v5 is way harder than in dota.
why did he stash the refresher orb before, and after he used it
Still unplayable in competitive. It's a 9 mana 9/7 that does nothing the turn it's played. High cost cards need to impact the game immediately to stay competitive. U spend a turn dropping a 9/7 with no taunt I'll just go face.
man lol guys so butthurt. how about you guys think about it this way. $10 is a donation to blizzard, a token of appreciation, don't expect anything in return, but just as a bonus, you get an alternate portrait. you're not forced to buy it, just buy it to support the game just like how you would donate to a streamer and the streamer gives you custom chat emotes.
well there you have it, a redditor who instabought all 3 alternate heroes
Bloodseeker is easily #1. i remember when bs first came out in dota1 it was the most mayhem in clueless pubs. Rupture has got to be the most unintuitive skill to face against. "I'm running away and he's not doing anything how am i taking damage! I'm running even more, i'm still being hurt, what's happening" and was easy godlikes for bloodseeker the first week of release. tough times. Abaddon is likely #2 for unintuitive, hitting him heals him when ult procs (but you don't know that if your'e clueless).
protecting a minion is like protecting your face. if you lose when ur 0/9 minion dies the experience is going to be similar with just having 9 life to begin with.
i feel like any golden rare is harder than a legendary. i have less golden rares than i have legendaries
&gt; Secret deck: facing another secret deck solution, queue your secret deck with 2 kezan mystics, or murloc deck with hungry crabs
Works out fine, play d3 for couple weeks when new patch, then hearthstone new expansion , play hearthstone, then dota new patch, play dota, then starcraft new patch - play starcraft... then... d3 new patch again!
but then they 'bribe' us with special perks like "extra cosmetics" or "pre-order trophy" etc to entice us
i might get a paladin skin since it's the only class i play
this mitigates the issue for legendary properties that have no range. smk/dod is a good example. however for those that do: Incense torch, Furnance, etc, the amount of min maxing on that will be even higher. (suddenly your 41% ancient furnace is garbage now, ur going to keep hunting for a 50% one)
another buff to demon hunters
the opposite of what their approach is in hearthstone
no kidding, since most of the positions are back back side (db/systems) area which is probably the biggest constraint for more deck slots.
