I didn't really discover edm music that I liked until I was nearly 30. I can't fathom the idea of going to a club/show/festival. I can't imagine being that guy with a bald spot trying to spit game to 18-24 yr old girls. And I can't imagine getting into recreational drugs I've never used before with a full time job and other time sensitive responsibilities. Still love edm, I'll just enjoy if from the periphery.
So was Best Buy 10 years ago. "Hey bro, glad you could come over...what do you want to do? We got some time to kill." "Wanna go to best buy? They got Madden on a sweet setup with a 60 inch TV!"
...Where do you live?
Definitely fire...but [2 years ago fire](http://www.reddit.com/r/trap/comments/1amg1v/milk_in_my_sippy_cup_y_trap_mix/).
He's probably used that same line/joke at many other gatherings. Political speeches, be them serious or not, are well rehearsed. He was probably just too lazy to remove the Biden bits, or hoped no one would call him out on it.
ITT: people far too edgy and brave 4 me.
Do we know which sets are marketable/tradeable? Is it random or are only the same sets marketable/tradeable? It would be interesting to see how the system is messed up. Is it random sets, specific sets, and is it an error. I could see a lot of problems if they revert the items from marketable/tradeable to not tradeable. A lot of users would be upset if they fucked this up.
Checked out vpgame.com...I can't read anything...
&gt; dota2.vpgame.com Well that certainly makes a difference! Thanks. I'm very new to betting. So new, most of my bets have been for mere tens of pennies. I've only used D2L so far, but might give vpgame a try. Thanks!
Only way Cleveland can get a foul call: be a 5 foot 10 white guy getting clobbered by 7 foot black men.
Well, for Republican lawmakers, the goal is to starve the Obama Administration of legislative victories. And Obamacare is his signature legislative achievement. If Obamacare is upheld, continues to work, and is successful over a period of time, it shifts from being the "new healthcare law" to becoming the standard, the expected. It becomes commonplace and no longer a point of contention. And at that point, Obama would be heralded as a greater president because of it. Republican lawmakers want to deprive this potential future history from becoming reality.
Yup, 10% is the max.
KINKY
With rumors that they don't want a 1 mana cantrip in standard makes me think it landing in a blue-focused EDH deck, with new art, would be an ideal landing spot for it.
Rule of thumb, any commodity, when it is digital, [drives towards zero.](http://www.amazon.com/Free-The-Future-Radical-Price-ebook/dp/B002DYJR4G)
Sheesh, I just can't get into cosmetics like others can...I'm just too cheap. Sure, I have expendable funds, but I can't justify spending large sums on digital items, or literally anything digital. I did "splurge" on the lvl 50 compendium...but even that I was hesitant "Is this a good value? Will I regret this purchase? Is it worth it?" questions run through my head before every purchase, especially "frivolous" ones like hats. To this day my total expenditure on Dota 2 is less than $50. Thanks for subsidizing my play, big hat spenders!
Kevin Hart is the socially acceptable Katt Williams.
This is true, and in many ways a convenience...but internet speeds and other applications really haven't caught up to make it that accessible. I mean, I still can't email an attachment larger than 20 mb at work through outlook. To download my entire library of one genre of EDM music would take me hours at the 15-35 MB/s speeds available in my area. If we want everything on the cloud, we need some big fucking pipes, and we need them everywhere.
Yeah! It used to take me 15-30 minutes for a single Limp Bizkit song on Napster! I did it all for the nookie!
Any link? Cause this link dont work.
*water weight*
I think it also stems from the fact that reading/browsing reddit is an entirely personal and solo experience. Reddit is loaded with inside jokes, internet humor, and circlejerks that your average person won't understand, and won't understand why you find it so funny. Sharing reddit posts and/or comments with others can quickly become cringe-inducing.
Seems confusing for causal players...more confusing than additional deckslots.
One thing is for sure, advertisers now love using trap tracks on their commercials. From shoes to beer to cars to energy drinks. The more generic the better. I probably notice a new commercial featuring trap once a week.
Yo fam, you dun kno me. Shit is str8 fiya. Got me ROLLIN on dis un, ya erd? Hahahaha
