No trouble with its water resistance?? That seems like a bit of a dangerous trip for an Apple watch.
Haha as an incredibly inexperienced paddler, this was my first thought!
Have you personally tested this? Because that's good to know... if it's true haha. Doesn't say that on the website.
Honestly, you should try cutting out carbs and dairy from your diet. Cleared up my eczema in only a few months! It sounds hard, but it really isn't after the first couple weeks.
Seymour Hersh's story about how the killing of Bin Laden was a lie. Not because I think that the story about killing Bin Laden was true, but because I really believe that he died of health problems between 2003-2008.
I don't see it... what are you referring to?
Thanks. I just bought the PassportPlus plan from AT&amp;T, and I'll be turning all of my apps off. I was just wondering if bluetooth can draw data for whatever reason. Like when my watch does heart rate, or checking the weather and other things it does in the background, can that consume data even with my phone not using it? That's my real question.
Fucking THIS! We just need to learn how to be skeptic about a fellow subscribers post without being a dick about it, while also not calling anyone who disagrees with a post a shill.
Agreed... They are just two cheeks of the same ass.
Rothschild is back now...
They are the reason for all the US interest in Syria right now, so you should probably care.
&gt; Note that none of Obama's executive orders would have prevented attacks like San Bernardino, Paris attacks, etc. No laws are going to stop the FBI from orchestrating these reminders of "WHY THEY NEED US!"
I mean, Oz may be a hack, but he did get a lot of shit for speaking out against GMOs.
If it isn't true, then why get all butt hurt about it and reprimand Lorne Michaels???
Really glad they don't come to /r/conspiracy for that...
Therizinosaurus, also known as a Deathclaw.
Two cheeks of the same ass
I thought it was "all for the old people"?
Just look at all that asbestos on the piping.
They can smell the menstruation!
Can you provide an example of some videos that you consider "CGI fakery"? I too am genuinely curious.
He said "front page"...
And if you like this, then definitely read Graham Hancock's new book, Magicians of the Gods. Mind = Blown http://www.amazon.com/Magicians-Gods-Forgotten-Wisdom-Civilization/dp/1250045924
Someone should let B.O.B know that.
You mean all of the data that NASA "lost" in the 70's? Yea, totally verifiable. Or what about the "moon rocks" that we brought back? When Holland tried to verify them, they found out it was nothing more than petrified wood. Where is this "verifiable evidence" that you speak of? Not trying to be a dick, genuinely interested.
