That is what I was thinking. That the White Walker would freeze the bay and send the howling undead hoards after the boats.
Most likely to be wheelchair accessible.
My 40 year old friend in Colorado posted this to his timeline. I will start with the obvious. Cutting off a person's welfare check would be a violation of the 1st amendment. Secondly the racist is angle is incredible. Not all black people in the US are receiving welfare benefits. Sigh...
But capitalism...
One of the most horrible nights of my life. I had to watch standard cable.
Yeah the best part. When I call him on being racist he says that he can't help it he is from the "South". I point out that Colorado wasn't a state until 1876. Well after the Civil War.
That is what I tell my friend when he starts in with that shit. He doesn't bring it up around me much anymore.
Yes. At least I would think that would be a first amendment violation.
I had some Simpson's game for a short time. It was when my phone started yelling at me to come play in Homer Simpson's voice that I uninstalled and deleted the app.
You should tell her that you want to prevent future cheating by having an open relationship. Than bring home a second girlfriend. I wonder how quick the shit would hit that fan in that case.
Reading the reviews for this movie. It sounds like Cameron Crowe has a lot more to apologize for than the casting of Emma Stone.
I would leave him alone. He might freeze your head.
The Lufftwaffe was largely destroyed by D-Day. The Pointblank plan had been conceived and instituted in early 1943. This was a joint Anglo-American campaign to the destroy the Lufftwaffe and German industrial targets. Pointblank was very successful in depleting the Luftwaffe. Eisenhower promised his troops that any aircraft they would see would be allied aircraft. A promise that for the most part was true. Essentially allied forces had depleted the Luftwaffe to near inoperable levels and rule the skies of Fortress Europe. Source: D-Day the invasion of Normandy June 6, 1944, Randy Holderfield &amp; Michael J. Varhola.
I think she meant to say most Fox News polls show the world has a "lower regard".
I am on the US west coast. I have not seen a digital price tag anywhere. Would make sense.
I was pretty disappointed that the wrote Stannis sacrificing his daughter into the script. I think that Stannis would never have done that and that it was out of character for him.
Stannis typically killed those who had broken a law or otherwise were wrong. Renley was not next in line for succession to the Iron Throne. Yet he was trying to claim the kingship for himself. Yes He killed countless others. He typically is a harsh man who will force those guilty of crimes to face punishment. Consider good Sir Davos. Sacrificing his daughter to the Red God is out of character IMO.
Wow and they did it poorly as well. It is possible to change just the hair color without changing the rest of the image. In this case the designer just altered the whole image and not just the hair color. I have worked in commercial printing. We often would change a small portion of an image to show the different colors that the product came in instead of taking multiple pictures.
Don't disillusion the racists.
Can't say I blame him for making this choice. A bullet to the head beats weeks of torture and a slow beheading or being burned alive in my book.
Come for the donuts. Stay for the revolution.
I gave you an upvote for being honest about liking "The Village". No go be ashamed of yourself in the corner.
I remember all the little signs that pointed to Bruce Willis being dead. My main problem with signs was that water was acid to the aliens. The ending just went off the rails in my opinion.
I think there is also a natural desire to explain the world around us. Religion would provide clues to our origin and why the world works the way it does.
I agree with you. I do think that we naturally need to believe in something. Religion or otherwise. I would suspect it is part of trying to understand our place in the universe.
