Given that it's a Japanese production there isn't much else they could do. The all Japanese cast and change of setting does seem like it'll take a lot away from the series' atmosphere though. While it bugs me, it's only one of many gripes I have with this what we've seen of this movie.
The only thing that bothers me about the dub is some of the translations. They butchered my favorite line, right when I had finally gotten used to the English voices and was anticipating hearing it delivered. But whatever, life goes on, the dub is still pretty good.
This sounds like it would be hell on sub. So hard to track 2 convos at once when you have to look down at the text. The subtlety would be completely lost on anyone who can't understand japanese.
Oh, well I'm not a huge anime fan, so I wouldn't be able to say exactly what distinguishes him from other characters in other franchises. Maybe that he's a badass midget (?). I'll allow someone else to help you out on this.
I think the description is stupid. The "facial and body form" excuse is bullshit, that's just the way Manga/Anime art is drawn. According to this text, every single character in any manga is Japanese. The only things Japanese about the franchise are the author and Mikasa. Every thing else is western, from the setting to the characters. Even in the Japanese dub, the characters refer to each other by "First name" "Last name", like they would as Europeans. I also haven't heard many honorifics, though I may have missed those.
Mikasa becoming a Titan Shifter would be like reuniting the Triforce, given that she's already OP due to both of her parents' bloodlines. She might literally become the Asian War Goddess foretold in ~~Slap on Titan~~ the ancient prophecies. I like her the way she is, as a demigod only, so I'd rather this not happen. Erwin for me.
IDK if you're being sarcastic or not, since I've heard people argue both sides.
You are right with a lot of what you say. However, SNK is definitely not set in Europe. If it is set on this planet, the dimensions of the walls, fauna, climate, physical geography (save for the ever increasing elevation towards the center), and cover art suggest it takes place in North America. I also don't think it happens in the future, I think it happens in an alternate timeline which diverged from our own in the early 17th century. I have no idea where the calendar they use came from though (Maybe year 0 is Charlemagne's rule, given that he's the original Holy Roman Emperor). Edit: Typos Edit^2 : Why the hell is this getting downvoted, nothing I said is false or misleading.
The walls don't fit in Europe in the slightest, unless you go as far as Russia, which doesn't match the Geography at all. Remember that there are canyon-like deserts in the southern parts of the walls. All those things you said could be explained by the fact that people from Europe fled to North America. They would have brought their culture with them. Edit: I was wrong, no need to go as far East as Russia. But Eastern Europe still doesn't fit the geography.
I felt similar at first but I got used to it. It's a really good dub. Regarding the roars, that bugs me a bit too, but they're just emphasizing the Titan's craziness over its anger. It isn't wrong per se. Without having heard the Japanese version before she shouldn't find anything weird. My gripe is really with the translations they chose.
Looking forward to reaching that part then. I'm excited haha
I watched the first few but I'm waiting for my friend to keep going.
Oh God, I still haven't gotten over the Japanese dub version.
The ones I remember are from Episode 6. Some of her flashback lines, as well as her thoughts when she's facing death. In the English dub, she's speaking to Eren in her mind [Anime Spoilers](/m "and says "If I die, my memories of you die with me", which I find too ambiguous. It's still early in the series and she isn't fully characterized yet" ). That's why I prefer the Japanese dub's [Anime Spoilers](/m ""If I die, I won't be able to think about you anymore"" ), which I find conveys her ~~obsession~~ feelings for Eren much better Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but she's my favorite character and that bugs me a bit.
It's all opinion obviously, but I really don't see what the problem is. They want to end the episode by emphasizing the effect and projected effect on his friends. Her hair is flicking because she's on a roof. It never struck me as a parody of other strong female characters
I doubt MT's power is that straightforward. Even if it is, he knows that he's fighting against the coordinate, so the presence of Titans wouldn't be to his advantage.
Thank you! This is actually a hard question to answer lol. A bit, I guess. Enough to be able to make educated guesses. It seems like the whole truth will be out in the next few months though. Also, I forgot to mention but it is heavily (really heavily) implied that Monkey Troubles turned Connie's village's inhabitants into the Titans that attacked
If I remember correctly that was actually Ymir talking, not Hange. Idk how far you've read so I won't spoil, but she's trying to make him give up that thought by antagonizing him.
What a twist that would be. Someone call M. Night and offer him to adapt.
Indeed. That's too bad. I've been streaming it off some weird website haha
I honestly think it will tie in with "Before the Fall" or whatever that spinoff is called, since [Manga Spoilers](/m "it starts 70 years before the main series and we've already seen it progress through several years. Wouldn't be surprised if Ymir ended up being the kid of the "Titan Child" and that noble girl he ran away with. It would explain perhaps why "her death made people happy", if the people refer to her noble family").
If it isn't what I said, then I believe they will at least run in to her at some point. Ymir said that it was 60 some years, so it may have been less than 60. There's some wiggle space. We also don't know how much people age while in titan form (whether aging is completely stopped or just slowed down), so maybe she changed as a 5 year old and emerged as a 10 year old or something. It just seems to tie in well with her understanding Historia's situation. I also doubt that before the fall won't tie in to the main storyline somehow. It's all speculation, but time will tell I guess.
I think so, I think Isayama co-authored it.
DOA
Not quite as bad as I thought. It seems like it will rise above Syfy quality after all. Still, so many movies look good in the trailer just to be horrible, so this trailer not being horrible still doesn't convince me.
