There are deloads, where you reduce intensity for a while (eg, 60% for a week) and then go back to where you were before. This is useful to allow more complete recovery without detraining. Then there are resets, where you reduce your working weight (eg, -10%) and re-progress from there. This is useful for getting through plateaus. You're trying to use a reset where you'd usually use a deload. If you need a deload week, take one. Likewise, if you want to use smaller increments, do that. Or if you've milked all you can from a linear progression, switch to something else. But one of the best ways to cheat yourself out of progress is to deliberately avoid it. Don't reset just because it's difficult; it's supposed to be difficult. The thing about linear progression in the novice phase is that the brain lies to you: the point when you start thinking "no way can I keep adding weight every session like this" is long before you *actually* can't do it. Also, missing reps is fine. The program is designed to allow that to happen. Practice failing safely for bench/squat if you don't already know how.
&gt;Your arm muscles are exerting a (roughly) downwards acting force aren't they? No. Put a bar on your back, and step on a scale. Note the reading. Now pull on the bar as hard as you like. See if the scale reading changes. Technically yes, the hands are exerting a downward force *on the bar*. But we don't care about the bar, we care about the combined bar-and-lifter system. By Newton's Third Law, the bar is exerting an exactly equal upward force on your hands, so the net force on the bar-lifter system is zero. Simultaneously, there is a normal (contact) force from your back onto the bar, which prevents the bar from accelerating downward as your hands pull on it. The contact force from the bar onto your back prevents you from being accelerated upwards as the bar pulls on your hands. These forces again cancel out for a net force of zero on the system. It's the same reason you can't levitate by pulling on your own bootstraps. Forces internal to a system never generate net force on the system, because this would violate Newton's Third Law and also the conservation of momentum.
Yes. Muscle gain/loss has a lot more fiddly bits than total weight gain/loss, so it's harder to make absolute statements of the form "Eat/do X and your muscle mass will change by amount Y", but protein intake along with resistance training will favorably affect the ratio of muscle to fat gained or lost.
Retaining your strength while losing weight and not lifting is definitely decent. After four months of not lifting, you haven't been stuck at this weight for months, you've been *not lifting* for months and are lucky to not be starting from scratch. But if you can bench 115 for 8 reps, there's just no way you can't get a single rep at 120. When would you usually decide to add weight?
Or just plain peanut butter eaten with a spoon. The effort-to-calorie ratio is hard to beat.
It's not the same exercise. A trap bar deadlift is a different movement, and uses muscles differently, as the article you linked describes. Also, plenty of gyms just plain don't have specialty bars. And if you want to avoid bloody shins, long socks are a hell of a lot cheaper than a trap bar.
There's no trick. You just have to get leaner. There might also be an expectation problem, here. [This guy](http://images.sodahead.com/polls/004041743/34475830_getting_a_6_pack_abs_xlarge.jpeg) is pretty frequently cited as a goal physique. If he were just a bit less lean, that Adonis belt would look like love handles, even though most of the bulge comes from muscles, not fat. As long as your handles are getting less grabbable over time, you're doing OK. For most guys, they're one of the last things to go.
Getting stronger helps you get bigger, too. Yeah, high-rep bodybuilding stuff is great for hypertrophy, but 20 reps at 135 isn't going to do you as much good as 20 reps at 315.
This is in some cases possible, but generally not reproducible, and almost never worth trying for specifically. You can lose five pounds in maybe a month. Trying to recomp five pounds could have you spinning your wheels for a year *and maybe not even succeeding*. It's fat. You want it gone. Your scale weight is meaningless; who gives a shit if it decreases when you lean down?
&gt;Should I just focus on ONLY eating until I get more mass (around 22 lb heavier) or just eat while also regularly lifting? Lift. Gaining weight without lifting will be mostly fat. In general, you should never stop lifting unless you are literally unable to (eg, sick or injured). &gt;Is 2300 calories a day a good goal or should it be lower/higher? Doesn't really matter. Try it for a few weeks, see what happens, and adjust from there. &gt;Protein powder or weight/mass gainer - or do I not need it yet? They're just food. If you want a drinkable source of protein or calories, use them. They're never *necessary*, but sometimes useful. &gt;Any tips for trying to eat more than you can as a skinny person? Calorie-dense foods. Liquid calories. /r/gainit has lots of good recipes for gainer shakes. &gt;Is it better to work on one body part per day (30-40 mins on arms) or multiple per day (10mins Shoulder, 10 Chest, 10 Arms, 10 Legs)? Follow a real program. Some good ones are in the wiki. Beginners are generally not qualified to design their own.
I'd wondered why I couldn't find potassium supplements in useful doses. Great post.
Yeah, just like you're destroying your joints when you lift. The difference is, a few hours per week of stress on the joints is recoverable; perpetual stress is just detrimental.
Be warned that, with belts, you get what you pay for. A $20 belt will fall apart sooner or later. A real quality (leather, thick, non-tapered) belt is more like $80-120, but is durable enough that you can leave it to your grandson in the will. I can't personally attest to the quality of Rogue belts, but they look like they should be good. I have an Inzer, and it's great. I've also heard good things about BestBelts and EliteFTS. If you want a belt *now* and only have $20, I see lots of people with Valeos, so they must be decent.
This is [not true](http://www.strengtheory.com/the-belt-bible/). Belt use makes you stronger in both the short and long term.
Yes, I picked that because it was the most optimistic possible setting. "Average genetics" has you at 153. "Hardgainer" estimates 142. Are you putting in the wrong height or something? 5'5" is 65 inches.
Yeah, I would not want to try it for the first time while in the dark. Unrelatedly, definitely do practice "failing" on purpose with light weights sometime before you actually need it. Being stuck in the hole with an attempted max on your back is not the time to figure it out either.
http://www.reddit.com/r/Fitness/wiki/getting_started#wiki_adding_exercise
A whey protein shake, with carrot sticks on the side. Liquid calories are, IMX, pretty low in satiety. (There's a reason we always recommend them to the skinny guys who can't eat enough.) But if she's set on that, you could try adding psyllium husk.
The common beginner progression is to add five pounds every workout. It doesn't really matter what progression scheme you use, as long as you have one and it isn't insanely slow.
/r/leangains is more in love with meal plans and exact macro counts than any other community I've seen. They still do consistency, they just treat workout days and rest days differently, which is at least sort of justifiable. By comparison, there's no clear reason to eat differently on weekdays and weekends.
RDV for sodium is what, 2500mg? Yes, some seasonings have a lot, but not so much they're unusable in moderation, and other seasonings don't have that problem anyway. Just be careful not to use more than 833 servings of that curry powder, and he'll be fine.
1. No, it means 90% of your 5RM. Volume day sets are not supposed to be max-effort, or else you'd never get through five sets across. Even at 90% they're pretty brutal; you might want to start with 85% and adjust from there. 2. Yes. Recovery day is lighter, because it's a recovery day. 3. Up to you. If you're interested in powerlifting, you should probably not alternate, because bench is a competition lift and press isn't. If you're training for general strength, alternating is fine.
"Hip drive" is a cue Rippetoe seems to love, but it never did anything useful for me. Don't stress over it.
Protein shits are hard to miss.
If you do anything that involves grip strength, you're training forearms, which is how all those people got them by just "training seriously". I agree that most people don't need isolation work for it.
