Stay away form the wall Dany! Don't walk toward the light!
Or just use a better jig: https://youtu.be/daOZIKsHBAQ?t=56
because religion
Prank gone horribly wrong(56k no)
Hey I live in WA too but western. I drove 6 hours to record that and it was totally worth it.
I agree but there are some people who really know the truth but just refuse to accept it since it's not what they want to be true. Most modern christians are this way since very few follow the bible to the point that a person who believes it to be the word of a god would. Aaron Ra has a great quote something like this: "The problem is not what people don't know it's what they WON'T know."
Mr. Bean goes to the movies https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3aIfMX7FBbI
Don't mess with Dogmeat. He'll bite your legs off. http://i.imgur.com/4BSk0pL.png
Everything really. I don't want a person with the ability to order a world war thinking there is an afterlife.
I do. It's a small sign of progress in this country. Baby steps.
TIL a subnet is also an actual net that catches subs.
If you think about it we have seen forms of necromancy on both sides. http://i.imgur.com/kMlIPqF.jpg
Corn! Corn! Corn!
Designer: Doh! I knew we were forgetting something.
He just tripled that 2 hours later. Nice to see something good came out of this.
http://www.saleemacademy.com/ Just following in the footsteps of his prophet: "The majority of traditional hadith sources state that Aisha was married to Muhammad at the age of six or seven, but she stayed in her parents' home until the age of nine, or ten according to Ibn Hisham,[11] when the marriage was consummated with Muhammad, then 53, in Medina."
I have that model they are pretty rock solid. There is a camera that points down just to help it maintain position. You can literally grab it by the landing gear, pull on it, let it go, and it will return to it's position like nothing happened. (unless of course you hit a prop)
Who's supposed to be rowing? I don't know not me!.. Me either!.. I rowed last time!
Goth Washington does not row.
Insurance for remote controlled aircraft must be a terrible business even with a $150 deductible it seems like they would lose money. In the US you can get AMA insurance with membership but it only covers damages to others not your craft.
Anyone know where to find high rez versions of this?
What is dead may never die
Ill stick with "Never even think about entering a conservative islamic country for any reason."
you are my daughter.. and because of that I will keep you close in case we run into trouble and need a human sacrifice.
Corn!
