I'm gonna get downvoted to fuck for this: But Breaking Bad. All of that ridiculous, nonsensical shit about the ricin cigarette completely ruined that show for me. The plot surrounding it wasn't clever. It was overly convoluted, and felt like an extremely contrived reason to bring friction into the relationship of the two main characters. I mean, honestly. Write down the ricin cigarette plot in bullet points and tell me it doesn't sound outright retarded.
Any change on conductivity triggers the safey device. You can't cut *wet wood* with it, because it will trigger. Sweat. Water. Bugs. Anything. All of that shit will trigger this device.
Yes. Actually. You just defined what an accident *is*. There are no 'unavoidable accidents'. I know every single accident that happened at the saw mill where I work, and every single fucking one of them can be traced back to people doing unsafe shit or not being told how to do something *properly*. If you use a saw properly, *your fingers will not touch the blade*. If that blade is ever spinning, and your finger touches it, *YOU FUCKED UP*. Unless that blade is literally jumping up out of the machine, *you are at fault*. Fuck, if someone *pushes you into the saw* that is still an accident, and was still avoidable! What world do you live in?
I have thought of an unavoidable accident in the meantime. The benching saw where we worked was open at the top, with a 'blade' at the back, to make sure the wood split open for the guy on the other side to grab and pull it through. It keeps the wood straight. Anyway, wood can, in specific cases, get caught on the *back* of the saw, and get flung forwards at the bencher. I've seen it happen. Thankfully, the bencher saw the wood was cracked and got the fuck out of the way once it started moving through the saw. But it spat a heavy-as-fuck jagged piece of wood a good 5-6 metres out over the floor. Not fatal, sure, but it could have broken bones and given nasty cuts. And there was nothing really you could do to avoid that accident except anticipate it. But that still doesn't involve someone touching the saw. I cannot for the life of me think of a single instance where a finger touches a saw that is avoidable by *simple* safety measures and proper technique. *Maybe* if you're shaving a small amount off the side of a piece of wood. But even then, why aren't you using a fucking wooden wedge to push the rest of the wood through the saw, therefor saving your fingers? Ugh.
That is definitely one place I can see this working.
tl;dw: I spent five minutes in what was clearly a laggy server and uninstalled the game.
In the versions that weren't censored for moral panic, you could murder children. *That* evil.
I'm predicting about... maybe -50. maybe even -100. Unless you chicken the fuck out, /u/MikeVick2015, and delete your comment.
As someone in the outback, all I can think is... Why the fuck isn't that horse gelded?
Lag. Lag in videogames makes me fucking wild. I don't mind if someone is better than me, but as an Australian living in the middle of nowhere with some of the worst internet infrastructure you've ever fucking seen, losing the majority of the time due to latency and lag issues makes me froth at the mouth and scream obscenities at my tv that most other people keep to themselves or yell out of car windows.
Oh, those poor, poor people. What must it be like to have all your personally identifying information in the hands of people who shouldn't have it in the first place?
Probably a test question. The way you answer that can inform the previous answers. For instance, if you masturbated at work and then you go 'wtf no' and it's obviously a lie, the polygraph would show that. The polygraph test is not a 'yes/no' lightshow or something. It's just a collection of data. Sometimes, they need to ask you something completely out of left field to know how you react under the pressure of lying, so they can compare it to other tests. There are probably questions like that on every polygraph test.
Just about the only person in the world to fully inhale a plastic dart and survive. Go me.
This.
Number 1 isn't really super attractive. Too flat. But I'd sure pick it over the last frame. I don't understand the fascination with tits. They're just.... there.
Jesus. If that's true, how did you survive? Swallowing a battery is no fucking joke.
Hello? Netflix? Why do you have the same episodde listed twice? It's a re-run sir. You don't need to do fucking re-runs. The old episode is still there! We need to do this sir. How will other people ever find the episode if we don't post it several times over? By LOOKING for it? We think people are too stupid to do that and too stupid to notice. We're gonna keep re-uploading the same episode under slightly different names. Good day, and thanks for the karma.
Yes. And I would hate myself for every fucking second afterwards.
Pluto has moons? I thought pluto was already a planetoid or someshit. *edit* And after some research, apparently it has four moons. I was told none of this in school.
Absolute fucking scum. I think the userbase of that sub should be made aware of what kind of fucking idiotry it's run by.
Mining - still fucked by collectors not working if you use more than one. Bounty hunting - still fucked by no enemies spawning. Missions - still fucked by bounty board bug Exploration data - probably still fucked by the bug that causes your save game to become corrupted. So, in total, we have a patch that didn't really fix any of the problems with four of the five only ways to earn money. Cool.
Use six. You'll see. The collectors, at least for me, CONSTANTLY fucking bug out. The main one is that they all go for the same target. I've literally had a second collector pop out of my ship and take the fucking item a collector is ALREADY bringing to me. And then there's the collectors that come back, and expire immediately after a single run. But mainly, it's when they fucking form a snail trail all following one collector. You've got one collector actually grabbing things, and *FIVE OF THE FUCKING THINGS* following after it doing exactly nothing. And the only way to fix them is to blow them up by turning off your collector system. Watch your collector on radar next time you're mining. You'll start to notice it. My clipper has 130-ish cargo. I went out with 70 drones and with all the fucking bugging out, I managed to mine a grand total of like 20 tons. If they didn't bug out, it would be *amazing*. I would actually enjoy mining.
nah, I'm down to using two and they do the same thing. Both will travel at the same fragments, one will grab it, the other will follow. They return. Rinse, repeat.
Very handsome.
I don't mine at RES sites specifically because of pirates. I went there llooking for pirates to kill. Found nothing. Went back there to do mining, and lo and behold, a wing of three cunt MK3's started shooting up my mining rig. So I warped out, came back in, and a fucking *anaconda* crept up behind me like I didn't fucking see him lurking back there. As he scanned me, I lowered my weapons and started to bail (Can't catch a clipper, bitch!) but he just said 'uhhh, by the looks of you, I'm just gonna move on' and left. Never saw another pirate all my mining time. Pre-patch, mining was *impossible* because you would be constantly molested by pirates.
