I ain't got nobody, and nobody cares for me.
Young pups TIL...Damn I turn 42 tomorrow.
40 year old virgin when the drunk woman he picks up at the bachelorette party starts driving and hits everything then t-bones the parked car and says "Fucker Came Out Of Nowhere!" And a lot of scenes in Kingpin...One of my all time favorite comedies.
This guy is a credit card hackers wet dream.
Speaking of Robin William movies. The Fisher King has some really sad parts.
Thanks TransvestiteCurves
You taught me a valuable lesson. I will now always use the bathroom before getting on an elevator.
Meant for people that are less fortunate, but only has an HDMI hookup 😒
That dog is defective. They can still take it back, because it still has the price tag on its neck.
"What officer? Guy can't join hair club for men? Is there a law against that now?" "Sorry sir, I am just going to give you a warning this time." "Damn right you are"
Take your damn upvote!
Scheuer wasn’t killed and didn’t wind up with paralysis or brain damage, thus limiting the potential damages. “The facts are good for GM in that one,’’ said Bob Langdon, a lawyer in Kansas City, Missouri, who represents dozens of plaintiffs suing GM alleging injuries or deaths caused by ignition defects. “It’s not a big injury.’’ It just takes two small paragraphs to prove, once again, that lawyers are the fucking scum of the earth.
There us no telling how much more shit he lied about. The amount if people he said he killed sounds ridiculous as well.
You get an upvote for using the, almost extinct word, Kerfuffle.
It is a perfect example of how everyone could pitch in to make everyone rich, but we are too selfish
Yes it wood. Wood you buy one? I know I wood.
Daniel Day Lewis says I GOT 3 BITCHES! SUCK IT! https://youtu.be/q9drV2hHVp4
Nike has been doing it for decades.
Because of a valued resource....Oil. Iran also has one of the largest oil refineries in the middle east. North Korea has nothing we care about.
I love mine. Now that I have it, I could never see myself without one.
Vachina!
Gitmo, Larry, and Curly...Fuck Shimp.
I think it is funny that there is an article just a little above this one talking about how a barrel of oil is the cheapest it has been since 1993
Saudi controls Apec. Look at it this way. If you were selling bags of peanuts and you had 50 bags to sell, but I had a booth across from you and had 2000 bags to sell I could adjust my price way below yours so that you would never be able to sell yours....In other words, I dictate the market. The same way SA does with Apec prices Edit: As another Redditor pointed out it is OPEC, not APEC. I typed it at 5 a.m., and was not really thinking clearly.
That is what I meant. A wire is loose in my head. I typed it around 5 a.m. this morning, so i was really not thinking clearly.
