The mouse when you are watching a movie or youtube video and the person who put it on left the mouse in the middle of the screen.
Too literal man.
Black and White 1 (Never played 2 not sure about them) had a solid route if you pay good attention. You can go back and forth with a volcarona for ez hatching. I also liked to go to the train station and run by putting a small rock on b and right.
UGH! Another 2 rival game? What ever happened to the one solid rival in R/B/G/Y, G/S/C, or D/P/other P? I'm okay with Black and White One because Bianca and Cheren were fleshed out, but the other multi rival games were weak in comparison.
Yeah, being a 9 year old with Diamond, I picked Infernape and proceeded to always died on Bertha
Same, it took me 2 years to beat her and my parents grounded me when I beat her so I had to wait a week to go to the endgame shit.
How didn't ya make it? Those were 2 pretty easy games, did you just not have the time?
I love how I am the only one who said anything from gen 5 besides Cynthia (Undella Town)
I watched for 8 innings, nothing too eventful. LOOK AT MY PHONE FOR 3 MINUTES AND 6 rUNS!
Mine was 2003
HEY LOOK! A FOREIGN CHILD WITH A NAME THAT SOUNDS SIMILAR to V****! LETS MAKE FUN OF HIM OVer SoMEthiNG he cAN'T cOntroL!
Except for the first and last ones, the rest sound like problems with the family and not the couple itself
Well, all the asians in my class get straight A's... You guys are fucking smarter than us, of course they give ya'll higher marks
Good idea, can I use this too?
SOMEBODY GIVE THIS MAN A GOLD
&gt;... and his strong desire to be a swinger (a person who partakes in sexual activities with many partners, not a person who dances to swing music). SO THATS WHAT NOGLA WAS TALKING ABOUT!
Things like running around and killing cops as a squad are pretty fun...
Rest in peace. It was a good win streak. It bought joy to many lives. Let us remember Jakey A's streak 2015-2016
Diamond/Pearl are fun and more challenging to Nuzlocke than Platinum, so I would keep that in mind if you are going to do those
That's why I always count when the movie says an even will happen in *x* seconds. I love it when it is withing a second or so.
Polynesia, when he is landlocked he is like a pet.
I am trying for this too. You need no wheat, Desert Folklore, and William on a Sandblasted map. YOU BECOME GOD! My science is literal ages above everyone else, and my religion gave city states and orgy
No, I mean blowpops, they're lolipops with gum in the center, and the gum ruins it.
Really no problem, I just wanted to make a point on how it is one of the best lollipop flavors and the gum ruins it prematurely.
If you don't have the funds to join the Middle East server, joining a bar guild and achieving the "bouncer" rank will let you get random PvP events
