In Spain and Portugal all the children stay up late and eat dinner very late with the whole family.
This is quite normal in Japan.
I'm a woman, and I hate shopping. My husband has three times more clothes and shoes than me.
not intentionally
That's not hypocrisy. The fact that something is appropriate/necessary in one situation but not other doesn't make it hypocritcal.
You know what is worse than licorice? SALTED licorice. You can buy it in Finland. Jesus :-O
Bloody Tepco
I have this the other way round: for example, I dream of being bitten by a tiger, or having a surgery, and I am (in the dream) in the great pain. When I wake up, I feel fine. I thought that maybe there was something - a stomach ache, let's say - that would trigger that kind of dream, but no, nothing. Sometimes I can feel the pain/bite for a while after I have woken up, and then it disperses. So, I think it can work both ways: sometimes the body sensation can produce a dream, and sometimes a dream can produce a body sensation (BTW, I also often have sexual dreams, in which I am very, very aroused. But when I wake up, I am not aroused at all, the feeling was just in a dream).
Evil Boy is my favourite &lt;3
I lived in Poland during the Cold War, and I was not aware of it happening. I was a child, and then a teenager, interested in Guns n'Roses and some boys from my school, and completely oblivious to any political stuff going on around me (and I rememember the Marshall Law &amp; soldiers etc.). Only when I was in my twenties I realised I lived through the communism and social transformation: when it was happenning, I simply didn't notice.
Yes, Triumphant George says this to all newcomers, jumping dimensions is a functional metaphor.
speak for yourself :-P
My family live in three countries - how can we possibly avoid flying? You cannot travel on a train over the ocean to see your parents ... But I agree that ferries and train journeys can be fun, although can take too much time.
But where? In the middle of the city?
I've been to Kaikoura! Haven't seen any whales though :-(
Wasn't it a turn to agriculture that screwed the planet and our health in the first place? I am seriously asking, and I am veggie (vegetarian, NOT a vegetable)
Me too! But I was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos.
you see Matrix!
http://thoughtbrick.com/meditation/tummo-meditation-depth-guide/
Ehlers-Danlos ...
Me to! :-) I also have EDS :-) unfortunately I do have some other problems associated with it.
wow
how?
:-)
I've seen that film
