Whether you go for the yeard or not is not that important. The question is why go back to being a boy when you're successful looking like a man?
" [G]oing from 65 to 68 or 70,” he [Jebb b} added. “And that, by itself, will help sustain the retirement system for anybody under the age of 40.” Anyone else catch the unstated subtext to this statement? To me it's obvious that he is excluding raising the limit on wages subject to SS withholding--and lifting that, even eliminating that,--that would only effect the wealthiest--is contrary to the Bush Doctrine of protect the rich at the expense of the average guy, who must now toil in the Bush Field for 3 to 5 years longer before becoming eligible. That's just not fair, but it's very "Bush!"
Yet again, jingoistic foreign policy, but absolutely no realistic way to pay for it--and that attitude raised the debt level of the US because of the unwarranted intrusion into Iraq, a Cheney "accomplishment!" For me, unless these old guys who want war shouldn't be able to send the young to fight for the old guys' "priniciples" unless they state up front how they--and this includes their personal wallets--intend to pay for it.
At least you didn't panic and take it back to the wood, and that would have been worse and made the Shaver's Remorse harder. Congrats on no panic!
*“If I’m president of the United States and you’re thinking about joining Al Qaeda or ISIL, I’m not going to call a judge,” he said. “I’m going to call a drone, and we will kill you.”* No judge, no third party intervention to make sure your intel is right about the intent, it's more Republican shoot, fire, aim policy--it got us into Iraq. "Tough guy" jingoistic nonsense. Oh, and how is he paying for his "tough guy" policy--strangely quiet on that I think, maybe not so strange but just plain dishonest.
Raising the payroll cap alone, or eliminating it would do everything that's necessary--and more. No need to go after investment income, a tricky thing to try to assess anyway.
Facing boldly to the past, he tries to move his candidacy forward. Time, ideas and reality wait for no man, even if he is an elected US Senator. He's now a man whom time &amp; history have passed by.
Well, then what is an "investment?" One of the largest for most Americans is their home--should profits on the sale of homes be subject to SS? How do you distinguish between an interest in a cooperative apartment and a home, does it matter if property is held for rental? It's a whole wide area and so it's a matter of practicality, wages yes, investments--too convoluted unless absolutely necessary.
Memo to Santorum: "Physician" heal thyself!
Next time you get that compulsion, put down the scissors and trimmer and say, "Never shave below the ears!" Nice growth, will be better with a little more length.
A man cannot have "too much facial hair"!
Certainly seems to have caved--but no one, but no one can trace ISIL, AlQuada in Iraq (didn't exist until post 9/11) and other Sunni reaction groups to Paul Bremer's Order #2, a hamfisted declaration that pushed the Sunni's out of power in Iraq without adequate consideration of the relationship between Sunni &amp; Shia and their history. Solely a Republican creation, everything Obama has done is cleaning up the "shitstorm" created by Order #2.
How can Obama change 1300 years of hate between Sunni &amp; Shia--just as the Shia were excluded during the Sunni/albeit Baathist period under Saddam &amp; also under his Hasshimite predecessors, they weren't going to change their spots either, so they excluded the Sunni's--hate beyond most people's understanding and not unique to the Islamic world (think Catholic/Protestant in Northern Ireland). Order#2 dove right into that struggle and apparently hadn't thought a thing about the possibility of problems. Urging doesn't change deeply seated conflicts such as that. Shia once gaining control wanted and sought payback.
Exactly--just more of what we have come to expect from the pandering to hate talk of GOP candidates to stir up the red neck vote--after all, why not, poor taste costs no more!
Count yourself lucky--a lot of us had it move from the top of our head to our back, etc, even ears.
Good to choose a barber who sports facial hair. Maybe you should consider his haircut if your receding hairline doesn't stop! ;-)
Is "trust" an undefined metric as posed in the question more or less important that intelligence--a less subjective test. I'll go with intelligence any day of the week.
It's a sad twist on The Man of LaMancha--The "Man" of Louisiana has delusions of the impossible dream. What this article fails to mention that insofar as voter appeal, Pyiush brings with him his ratings by the voters of Louisiana, who hold him in the lowest regard compared to all other states.
someone is several sandwiches short of the picnic at /r/rateme!
The creation of ISIS/ISIL has a start point, Order #2 by Paul Bremer which dissolved the Iraqi army on the excessively simplistic basis that all members of the Baath party were to be essentially disenfranchised no matter the reason for membership. This hamfisted policy arose out of arrogant ignorance of the Sunni/Shia division in Islam, a division dating nearly 1300 years. Seemingly W and his henchmen such as Wolfowitz "thought" the Iraqi's just wanted to be more like Texas! Well they learned that Iraq isn't Texas, and that the destruction of the Sunni government would lead to a Shia government with significant corruption and a whole lot of unemployed Sunni military who had nothing to lose by joining forces and protecting their interests. Bush didn't "help" he willingly and through avoidable ignorance lit the match--and now it will flame for decades.
Yes, stupidity as the underlying foundation. As for profits, they thought they would gain effective control of the Iraqi oil industry and thus "control" the oil price independent of the Saudis.
Well, W's library is extensive, both books, including the one he didn't finish coloring!
ISIS takes place in an area strongly dealt with by WWI &amp; II, but the match that lit the tinder box was Order #2, it enabled the Shia to dominate the society, and to settle sectarian scores brewing for hundreds and hundreds of years.
Exactly, I'd estimate 30% at a minimum of the men at mine are bearded in one form or another.
Colin Powell got Bushwacked by W &amp; his henchmen. Particularly offensive was sending him to the UN with bad information when they knew it was bad. Powell was very much in line with those like Elliott Richardson in the Watergate scandal--he believed and knew that his duty was to the Nation &amp; Constitution and not the current AH sitting in the Oval Office. Scary that these massive lapses in honesty always happen with one party!
