Those piece has neither consciousness nor individuality. It's like calling a cow grounded into a beef patty a thousand cows.
We won't need to. By that time humans (and maybe other animals too) would have evolved to being able to live with high radiation... better yet, we'd need the radiation to power our body.
What happens if I get all eight at once?
I swear Witcher fanboys are trying very hard to be the worst gaming group on the internet.
What's your opinion on too many cooks?
Another Blood Moon? Let me pack up some blood vials before I go find the baby.
Instruction unclear, dick is off... blood everywhere.
The comment section has a bunch of them trying to justify Geralt's "dancing moves" as practical sword fighting technique (and attacking anyone who disagrees). It's like reading the Onion.
Next time you see people chopping woods, go up and tell them they are making faggorts.
Reminds me of Space Dandy's ["the Fish is Huge, Baby"] (http://space-dandy.wikia.com/wiki/The_Big_Fish_is_Huge,_Baby) episode.
I was thinking about that but I thought OP's picture only has the shaft but no balls. Doesn't hurt to try posting though.
LOL. Maybe you just needed to tag NSFW or something. Anyway, thanks for the heads up, I'll give it a shot.
I think you should write to the manufacturer and get them to hire you to develop some (mildly) interesting (to adults) products :)
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Looks like something out of a game...
I didn't, but /u/OneHunterPercent did. See the link to the original submission I posted.
That guy is most likely to be another photographer taking pictures at different angles so people can post for likes and karmas later.
Fromsoft's (arguably Miyazaki's) meta game is second to none :) Remember the analogy from DkS? The player IS the undead. We are sustained by our will/desire, and we only truly die (go hollow) when we give up (quit), or that we have reached our goals and left with nothing else to do (platinum'd). It's the reason why Siegmeyer resonates with so many players - subconsciously, they are trying to save themselves. Can't wait for future From games.
Diable/Torchlight/POE crossover with Souls combat would be fantastic. Don't just give me bigger numbers, let us BE part of the action!
3D dot hero is the tits.
I'm getting mad insights from this thread.
Dogmeat!!!!!
Got the results from my x-post in /r/mildlyinteresting. So it seems we cannot x-post at all... and we have to be the person who took the photo. Double violation on my thread in that sub. It was fun, thanks for the laugh :)
0/6 on identifying the wav, but 5/6 on the 320kbps. Seriously, I'd narrow it down to 2 choices, and then I always choose the 320kpbs over the wav. WTF. Gear: Eymotic Research ER-4 via Galaxy Note 3. I blame the phone's audio chip :P
Same thing here. I'm guessing that's the problem with the audio chip or the DAC (or the lack of). I listened to the songs on my phone with a nice set of headphones, and I picked the 320kbps ones everytime!
