Yes. What I get looks like this: http://imgur.com/mO1ayv0
I got in trouble in the third grade for spelling correctly. Turns out the teacher couldn't spell.
And you think the Windows "everything's a tablet" approach will be cleaner? How about iOS? They're certainly not trying to sell you anything.
Wow, your definition of "works" differs dramatically from mine.
It's easy to not get hurt when all you do is take a report and file it somewhere. Nothing in my experience suggests that police would take seriously a teenager who lost his phone, even if he had GPS location on it.
Run an income app, like Perk TV. Should work fine on your wifi, and eventually it'll pay for itself.
Not yet, but as soon as there is one, we will.
I've been doing Celeb TV - Lifestyle and Fashion. As with the others, it goes to App Trailers when finished, and it seems to earn as well as App Trailers. Plus the yellow pom-pom is easy to spot when I'm scrolling down the list.
That the Internet thing was just a fad.
Damar would have been more compelling, had he survived and had DS9 gotten another season. By the time his arc got really cool it was all over.
It's a shame you present things so confrontationally. Your ideas have merit, but you won't get many people to listen, the way you present them.
You know, I did this for a long time on my Chromebox, and you know what I ended up using it mostly for? Web surfing. After a few months, I realized the idiocy of this and put ChromeOS back on it. Never happier.
I thought there was some kind of algae bloom that made it unsafe to do this this year...
Higher than the typical 20-30mg trip report. I'm curious what it might be like, but I'm a little afraid to try it myself.
I agree that there should be a changelog available on MSDN or TechNet or somewhere else like that, but the "Windows has updated" slideshow is NOT the place for them. Something that every user must see and cannot skip is not the place for indepth technical stuff.
Good, I read over what I wrote, and realized I might be interpreted as advising you to overdose, which I totally am not. I'm just interested in real strong trips, because that's what I enjoy myself.
Order some powder.
If I'm going to disable everything on my phone, why keep it at all? I could sell it and buy a Windows Phone or something, to the same effect (no Google, hardly any apps).
try the cable that came in the box for charging the gamepad. i've found the shield remote is fussy about the cable
Welcome to the wonderful world of open hardware. Your new purchase will never lock you out of root access, and there will never be an update to it that will prevent you from gaining root. We are delighted you've decided to join us. :)
green pulsing means it is charging. when it stops, it's full. there's a PDF manual around somewhere that has all this info, the only place i found that actually explains it. the remote seems to last a couple weeks to the charge in my experience, the controller must be a lot more, since i charged mine in October and it's still going. i use the remote more than the controller, might have something to do with it.
And then where do those of us paying rent there go? Don't fucking give away my apartment, unless you're offering me yours!
I have yet to figure out a way to make skip go to 30 seconds during videos, but Next Track during music. It seems to be all-or-nothing with the new skip.
View Towers is pretty nice now. Most of the shady characters have left or been evicted, and the price keeps them from coming back. After more years than I'd care to admit, it's now a fairly nice, quiet place. I don't want it to go back to the chaos...when I moved in here, you had to step over nodded-out junkies in the stairwell; there was a woman who wandered the halls, knocking on doors in the middle of the night to randomly ask people for cigarettes; there was another woman who would sit in the elevator and cry; the 10th floor was all drug dealers; you couldn't get through a week without being woken up at 2AM by a fight in the hallway or in one of the adjacent apartments. I pay to live here, I would be heavily against any kind of appropriation that made it a worse place for me to live.
I've heard that a lot, but I've never seen any evidence that this was the case. In any event, that's not what they are doing now, and not what the people living in there now agreed to when they moved in. I don't think taking housing away from anyone is the answer, even if the plan is to give a third of it back. There's lots of buildings that aren't lived in that could be renovated (and probably cheaper, since they wouldn't have to put up the current residents somewhere while they did the work, not to mention the asbestos removal), or a new building could be built.
