Deadeye is a priest ADC with the ability to Revive anyone just like the removed summoner did. Ayy lmao rito
I'm still thinking about who or what Orochimaru did... if he did anything at all... http://imgur.com/IQTVJiR
Alright, new champion has a 3 hit passive that randomly silences, has 100% armor pen, or blinds enemies. Way to go rito
True, but the hair makes no sense. White, sure, but light blue? Orochimaru did mess with Mitsuki's body (because of how he's able to stretch), but I don't think he would be bothered to alter a failed host's or his own genes just to produce that colour. So far, it seems hair color is always a trait from one of the parents since no one from the new generation seems to have any kind of mutations, except possibly for Mitsuki, of course, though IMO very unlikely.
In the 127 seconds it took the snowball to hit, Shen's base regen would have regened the base snowball damage. 100% damage reduction baby.
She's from a movie, can a movie really be considered filler apart from the fact it's mostly never from manga? I mean... Boruto, The Last One...
I like to think that movies are semi-canon; true, but not really relevant. Then again, I was all up for Suigetsu x Orochimaru, but when you look at it, despite Kishi's kind-of meh-ness regarding the future Naruto and Boruto franchise, you have to take in account that every new generation's kid appearance and abilities were considered beforehand, and not really random. That being said, while Mitsuki's hair seems refreshing to the whole series and all, I don't think that's the only reason he was given that appearance. That's why I like to fantasize about questionably canon things to be actually canon. But still, though, Suigetsu x Orochimaru all the way.
https://youtu.be/YgsbF2gW3Eo?t=51s Serbian/Bosnian/Croatian is a lot worse. Like it's literally cringe.
If a rengar is in your vicinity, you hear his ult as well, before the ! appears, especially Headhunter Rengars.
Well, you know, Rengar's range is like 600-800, Nocturne's is like 3.5 - 4.5k I think, and Reksai is global.
Veigar and Heimer are also Kaneki Ken, Shaco and Twitch are Crab guy from One Punch Man, Taric is rumoured to be the gay prisoner hero from One Punch Man.
Heim is voiced by Kaneki Ken's seiyuu, I think lol
I don't think Link ever talks lol
8s silence though
There is w, and lately the japanese have been using most of the syllables, and are slowly abandoning b.
I don't know if you noticed, but Jhin has a huge hunchback, like literally Captain Grievous style, that's why he walks like that.
Well, Fiora is a fighter. Fighters usually have something in their kit to help them win trades.
riot@ritogames.com
Wow, this is actually very plausible
Riot beat you to it. Around a year ago.
The thing is, it's kind of disappointing to have it voiced by a seiyuu with such a small character list, also was hoping for it to be a little bit more ominous and a little less humorous. Honestly, to me it seems like there's way too much accent on "jester" and way too little on "psycho".
Why would you want to nerf Rengar?
I fucking hate Nasus
I think thunderlords is better on both of them
She has very high numbers, a very toxic pseudo-CC, but she is also very sluggish and has no reall CC other than the 2s decaying slow. I've been spamming her as a support recently because people are tilted AF when you get your E off on them, but other than that, I'd say she is balanced. Insanely strong with the right kind of setup, but useless against a disengage comp and/or 3 or more seconds of hard CC. All in all, there are champs who shit on her like Vayne, Poppy, Irelia and Tristana, just because of their abilities to outplay her, stun her for long amounts, and/or get her out of her tentacle area of death, but as long as you never stop walking, no champ should ever get hit by any of her abilities - although you buy Iceborne and that relatively fixes your problem once you get in range.
