Nope. I have yet to be in any, although I have filmed some police doing traffic stops. They had zero interest in me. Which I guess is actually a good thing.
I think I remember reading it does have something to do with their State Constitution that allowed them to have a specific dual purpose checkpoint. I am not sure where I remember hearing about it though.
I remember my test and i backed halfway into the spot and the guy said that was good enough and to move on. I was like uhh ok.
It is understandable to be angry if the thing is flying around your backyard and possibly videoing your family. I guess the question is, how is airspace defined over ones personal property?
Check the other video. They follow him in his car and then pull him over after claiming he didnt stop completely at a stop sign. They also immediately open his door when they walk up.
I'm a bit perplexed at the downvotes against a few of the people because there are certainly times, for example, during a trial where you have waived your 5th or during a court proceeding where it does not apply. Now technically I suppose you could still refuse to answer questions or make statements in those situations, but it could have an adverse effect.
[Part 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWsAVbxzpos) of him being arrested, handcuffed, then unarrested. [Part 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhdQR5_L124) being finally told to leave the property.
/r/ttotm is leaking.
I have to assume the keys thing falls under the "officer safety" umbrella.
I was going to do a text post on this issue but I'll just write it here. Is an accident scene treated the same as a police call to investigate a criminal complaint in terms of giving statements? Do insurance carriers require you give a statement about what took place in the accident? Is it still best to just say you don't have anything to say?
It should really be as simple as "I will consult with my lawyer before I givea statement on the accident". And as far as the confiscation of keys goes, that has been done in other videos on what appears to be a routine traffic stop. They will simply say that it is ok to seize them because they are worried you may drive off (endangering the public), or use it as a weapon (theirs and others safety).
I know that the casino's I've been to, that you have to fill out tax forms if you win over a certain amount of money. I am not sure when it involves a situation like this guys where he is being asked to leave for counting cards. It would seem more reasonable that they want his ID so they can have him trespassed but initially it seems the sole reason they want his ID is because they suspect he counted cards and want to know who he is before they cash him out and tell him to not come back.
Yeah [here is the article](http://www.nj.com/eagles/index.ssf/2015/06/does_chip_kelly_lecture_in_2008_explain_eagles_swa.html). Innes is just doing some racial trolling. You can almost hear it in his voice. Race talk makes for lots of calls.
He is. The entire bit is fake racial outrage to get listeners fired up and call in.
Was the rationale that he could have been mentally disturbed?
Could this be the EMS News guy from youtube? I am 99% sure he had the video of him being involved with filming the radar van. And interestingly enough, his videos are no longer available without having permission to view.
A few of my friends are teachers and movie day usually means they are hungover.
I just realized it wouldn't look very professional if they ever had to give "HurricaneSandyHook" credit for finding videos.
He had some great videos. I have a feeling he made them private while this lawsuit stuff is being panned out.
I always try to include a news article if available. Most of the time there just isn't any though because the video is too new. People do downvote strangely though. Do bots downvote in smaller subs like this?
I think sometimes people are prepared to exercise their rights but then encounter police that also know the law and act appropriately. The encounter suddenly goes in a direction the citizen is not prepared for. The only thing I can see him being upset about is that they are photographing his license plate and likely will run the tag. I am pretty sure though that the police can run anyone's tag whenever they want as long as they are not doing so as part of some personal reason.
This guy is notorious for holding up signs that say motherfucker. I heard him call into a radio show before about a previous incident with police. I think he would have a better case if he just held up his sign instead of yelling. Even not saying curse words can get you arrested for disorderly conduct if the cops are bored and decide your yelling is causing others within earshot any sort of alarm. Seen that a million times on Campus PD.
I can see them increasing the structural integrity of a dick.
Especially liked this because the trooper asked about a license but didn't demand to see it. He may have known the guy was filming but still good work on both parties part.
There is also the possibility that state troopers are more educated than the run of the mill town and city cop. I like to think they know more of how to behave but they also likely know of all the videos that exist and what the guy "is trying to do".
