REI tents seem to be overpriced to me, and for backpacking seems pretty heavy for what you do get. It's basically over-engineered and charges boutique pricing. I don't have a particular suggestion for car camping at this point since I went hammock and never looked back. Backpacking though you have a *ton* of options for around REI's price point (it's no longer a minor brand name, you're paying for the REI label at this point). If you use hiking poles you might want to consider something that isn't stand-alone, like a lightheart gear tent, or one of the MRS line, or even a Big Agnus. You can get pretty lightweight if you shop around too. Jetboils are fine if you're wanting to boil water, fast, and don't mind the weight, and are willing to lose the speed and the efficiency if you're going to camp anywhere with anything more than a breeze. They aren't efficient in the wind. At all. And for me at least they'r damn heavy. The Titanium option wasn't bad, but I don't think they make that any more. For roughly the same price I can get an MSR micro rocket or gigapeak and something like an evernew Ti pot and save half a pound or more on my cook kit. I could also go with a caldera cone kit and an alcohol/spirit stove solution and go quiet and a little slower (about 7-10 minutes to boil water). If I upgraded to TI I'd be rocking less weight than the other two options. Plus, once you buy your stand alone pot, it can be moved between systems. The Jetboil is pretty much only usable by jetboil systems. You're locked in. Sleeping bags- Check out Enlightened Equipment. They actually sell closed footbox quilts. I really like them since they combine the lightness of a mummy bag and the comfort of... well... a blanket. They're also economical compared to the competition.
If you have a dehydrator you can make all kinds of meals. I dehydrate peas, pepper strips, green beans, then dehydrate some hummus, either store bought or home made. Dehydrate, run the hummus through the blender, rehydrate at camp. Very tasty snack for lunch.
I started with the Ukulele Boot Camp chord drills for C like... 2 weeks ago. Once I got most of those comfortable, especially as others have mentioned C, Am, F, and G/G7, you can start moving on to songs. I picked up Stand By Me because it's dirt simple, you can use it to practice different strum patterns and see how it changes the sound of the song, and it is a song we all know and probably like okay. It's also if memory serves like the 50's pop song progression of doom.
Making your own taco seasoning is dirt simple, and if you want to share with your dogs, you can omit the onion powder. Seasons roughly 1lb of meat * 1 tablespoon chili powder * 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder * 1/4 teaspoon onion powder * 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes * 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano * 1/2 teaspoon paprika * 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin * 1 teaspoon sea salt * 1 teaspoon black pepper I use this without thickeners and just let reduce until it's fairly saucy. Works fine. I also tend to omit the red pepper flakes or at least reduce them if I am not in the mood for heat. If you want a thickener to make a more traditional taco seasoning sauce, you could probably throw some corn starch in or maybe some xantham gum (though not much, a little goes a long way and too much creates a slimy consistency). Adjust salt to taste, and consider cutting down the teaspoon of black pepper. It makes things pretty peppery.
Big fan of rum &amp; spiced cider on a cold night. Instant cider works but isn't great sadly unless someone knows a better brand than Alpine.
Egg crystals are better for this anyway. Weigh way less. Buy ovum egg crystals, dehydrate bell peppers, get some turkey sausage that's been cooked &amp; crumbled, dehydrate it, then rehydrate on the trail and make some killer burritos for a fraction of the weight. Dehydrate mushrooms too if you want, they dehydrate great. Onions are smelly to dehydrate and you can just get the freeze dried ones to get some mild oniony flavor going. Heck you could dry out diced tomatoes and rehydrate those if needed. For longer term tortilla storage packitgourmet used a vacuum packer to make smaller batches of tortillas packed for freshness: http://blog.packitgourmet.com/2009/10/life-of-tortilla.html
Not particularly worth it. I looked and they generally charge more than what you'd pay if you just bought the DLC off of Steam. My suggestion is to wait for a steam sale. They were offering 40% off most of the DLC over the Christmas holiday. Next sale is probably around Valentine's Day or possibly easter/spring break.
hikelospadres.com for a giant database on trails and campsites. Good News Everybody, they just lifted fire restrictions in the LP! You can have a camp fire again! Or an alcohol stove, or a biofuel stove!
How did I know that you had an EE? EE has a long lead time now but man... their quilts are awesome. Dollar value to performance is insane, weight is good, it's just a fantastic product from a fantastic company. If you toss or are a little bit round like I am, you can get a wider quilt. Helps out a lot. You won't rack up weight like I do since you basically say you are pretty petite in height.
Protip: Backbone trail is not a trail you can camp on. There are campsites around but logistically it's difficult.
I would imagine swimming would achieve this too. But that's a great idea about cycling. It also gets you into the swing of sustained lower intensity exertion for longer periods of time.
&gt;And by "all that extra shit" you help prove the fallacy of the ultralight mindset; saving weight for the sake of saving weight. Skurka dubs that mindset "stupid light"
I've seen people hammock out nice and snug in snow. I've hammocked in freezing sleet and been perfectly warm and more comfortable than I am on the ground. Maybe you were doing it wrong? I don't think hammocks are for everyone, hike your own hike, but the arrogance of your argument is offputting.
Happy Solong 6 owner here. It doesn't have a mesh interior, but it will give you like 6 inches of clearance on either end of you. It's a huge-ass solo tent for an ounce shy of 2 pounds.
Most of the Los Padres is open to you. There's a ton of options and while there's a little snow at the higher elevations you're probably fine.
Well first note that it is designed to use trekking poles. I can't remember if the site has stand alone poles, but those will obviously add to the weight. Setup- Stake the 4 corners out. The tent has a bathtub with carbon fiber stays in it which are awesome for keeping the bathtub floor a bathtub floor. The top corners loop over your stakes (this is a little trickier if you can't stake things down. You're going to need rocks or extra line or some creativity to do it. I talked to a woman who pitched the solong on AT camping platforms using cordage and rocks). Then you unzip the tent, and there's a little plastic/carbon fiber stay in there that's bent (I think it's rigid plastic) at just the right angle that velcros in. Take your hiking pole, stick the tip in the plastic tube, and shove the round handle down into the middle of the tent. Repeat on other side. I usually crawl in, hold it up, and pitch that way. Adjust height for tauntness. You're basically done at that point. The awning rolls up or pulls down and can be propped open with a stick. Dropping it into storm mode is basically as easy as Pulling the stick out and maybe having a stake or a rock or branch or something to tie down on. Pretty easy. It takes a little getting used to and you absolutely want to pitch it a few times in your back yard before getting out on the trail. Make sure you use a tyvek groundsheet (you can order one from the website if you don't want to dick with it) because the ground bathtub is silnylon and pretty thin. It's just safer to pitch on top of a groundsheet. In better weather you can roll back the awnings and get some real airflow through the tent, which is another reason I like it. I'm really happy with the tent. I haven't met anyone who didn't like the design.
I was going to suggest figuring out some way to donate directly to the MS group's charity directly or contact them and see if they can work with you to give you some legitimacy.
One problem with buying a freeze dryer is that it's like 2 grand, not including electricity costs.
https://paleomealstogo.com/ if you want straight up Mountain House style meals. Pretentiousness included at no extra cost.
I just use one of those 12oz mini coke bottles. I have FUEL written on it in sharpie on a loop of duct tape and I've colored the cap. Works fine. If I'm really paranoid I'll add like a drop of green food coloring to it.
Yeah. Or boxer/briefs. Or if you want to go hardcore, North Face better than naked running shorts. There's a varient called long haul or something like that which has boxer brief style liners. Those things are awesome. Expensive though. Easiest is to just go buy a pair of under armor boxerjox for like 20 bucks. Or ExOfficio give-n-go boxer briefs. The key here is that you want boxer-brief or compression shorts style grip.
&gt;hike at every spot along the way Taking the coast you're talking about... oh... 700 miles or so of coastline. Hiking "every spot along the way" would probably take 6 months or so. Actually longer considering that the Los Padres alone has like a thousand miles of trail. But do you want "coastal" as in "I can see the water from here?" or are you talking "accessible to someone driving down the 101"? Because there's a difference. Big Sur, Los Padres up above Santa Barbara, the stretch of ocean between Point Magu &amp; Malibu (along with all the santa monica mountain trails), and I'm sure there's stuff further south but I never go that far south. For the Santa Monica mountains, check out Sandstone Peak &amp; Inspiration Point loop. 7 miles or so with some cracking views.
I actually eat about 80% paleo for other dietary considerations. I have little against the actual diet.
The problem with biofuel stoves is that they aren't able to be used above alpine level and in areas with fire restrictions, which basically means large portions of California and other dry places for like 6 months a year. Not to mention screwing with building a fire when you're hungry and just want to eat and crash means a long runup and a long time to wait for the fire to go out. In areas where you have a limited water supply using a firebox like that also requires you to douse using water that could be used for drinking or eating. Or you could just blow fire safety rules out the window I guess. Also, you conveniently posted the XL version of that stove, which is absurdly expensive. The regular one that you'd use for backpacking runs 40 bucks.
Yeah if you're looking for the absolute lightest stove solution esbit might be worth looking into.
