Looks like your pizza had a stroke.
Yea that's pretty good. Hold onto it!
Rugrats, solid
You should probably take the words off at the bottom too, makes it cheesy
Yea I get the time zone thing. Maybe change PM to CST?
Marude: Candystorm
Not even a single shot.
That's OK, because the labor was not done on the sabbath. Labor is good. Labor on that sabbath is bad.
I can't find the short article she mentions in the post but I did find this: http://abc7chicago.com/news/victim-claims-attack-in-chicago-park-was-racially-motivated-/765406/ I hope they get justice.
They do it to me every time.
Jet fuel can't melt something eve related
Ooh good to know. I'm pretty powerful though, I have all 5 war Chiefs and the whole top row in the second area, made the end really easy. I'll just brand and betray, the usual orc business.
Yea they actually need to be removed by the parent. Talk to your pediatrician.
/r/nosleep is fiction.
Why did they get to inbound it from the sideline instead of the baseline?
Ach makes sense, thanks.
Aww we all know the school will not change its decision come hell or high water
Sorry I'm not too sure what your question is. Are you asking how to make a deal with the devil? I don't think there is one hard and fast way. My faustian bargain came this way- I was at the music store, and there was this bitchin guitar. It was 700 big ones though, and I didn't have that kind of money! So I left. Outside though, there was this man. His skin was pale white, his face covered by a black hood, but I could see his eyes- baby blue. He offered me the money on exchange for my soul. I was never a fan of Blues, so I took the deal. The sucker though- he gave me the check and just walked away! Never even asked how to collect his. Anyways the check was good and I got the guitar. In retrospect I wish I had asked to be good at it. I can never find the time to practice, and I only know a few chords, so it basically just sits there in my living room. I'm thinking about trading it for a PS4. Anyone want it?
Seriously though! It's opposite on phones and computers too. It kills me.
Yea 2013 was mild, but they won it away. CPD is good at crowd control, they can force dispersals.
Yea the whole shoulder to shoulder to horses thing is a great idea. People will give shit to cops, but not to horses.
They've probably watched the show and seen people complain, or they are specifically told to complain to create 'drama'
No spoilers here.
Can you imagine a burger with all sauces? More like a sodium soup.
I love kincades, on Tuesday and Thursday? Best wings, so cheap.
