I'm not sure Moose is a must add in all leagues. He started off hot, but has cooled big time. Been brutal over the last month plus. Minimal power, no speed.
marijuana is bad, mmkay
man, this kid needs to catch a break
His erection died 8 drinks ago
Hi Bet. I'm Sam
Box office smash
So some guy pees in a cup in a concert that appears to be packed and bumping. He holds this pee long enough to cool to a temperature that wouldn't be obviously warm. He then throws this piss cup 75ish feet perfectly to the singer's hand?
Yeah you're stacked. I'm also pumped about my dynasty squad. Harper Springer Buxton Arenado Mookie Gallo Seager in my NA farm slot
If Rollins got hurt, or Callaspo, Guerrero, and/or Turner got dealt for pitching help, Seager could get the call
Yeah I like Donaldson to win AL, and Goldy or Harper to win NL
The Blackhawks were honored at Wrigley Field yesterday during the Cubs game. They sat in the bleachers (general admission area, no privacy), then went to Sluggers (a rowdy college style bar just outside Wrigley. This was just a great move on the Hawks part to be among the fans, instead of tucking away in privacy. Long story short, if you want to see the Hawks at the bars, go to Wrigleyville bars the day after they win the Stanley Cup, so long as there is a home Cubs game.
Can we pump the breaks a little bit? He has been awesome, but has a MLB track record of 10 games.
Hello, I love your version "thug newt", but now it looks like some stupid copyright or something muted the audio on youtube. Do you have a link to the video without going through youtube? Thanks
All 5 need freezer time
As someone who just moved away from humidity, bring on the dry warmth
Reefers
total babe
I'm surprised they didn't send you a bill
What kind of 16 year old finds a bong and tells their parents?
unless you're comparing against Peter North's ropes, no one is going to know what a normal amount is
The one I know is a hilarious stoner. Great guy.
for sure. especially to help push the munchies out the back door
I bet they both had albums coming out soon after the incident...
Will the coffee companies take the additional profits or lower the price to consumers? hmmmmmmmm
Yay meaningless wins!
