Sweet.
&gt; I go to my local bar and talk to Trump people, and after a few beers they all start talking like leftists. They hate on bankers and international trade deals, corporate influence on government, all that crap. Everyone still believes in the myth of the American Dream, but folks on both sides are beginning to notice the perennial shortage of bootstraps. That narrative only works to motivate the working class if a large enough percentage of folks manage to retire into that nice house in the suburbs, with a boat and an RV parked in front. When people never get to retire at all, they eventually start to question why they're still shackled to the treadmill.
Add a dash of military intervention and a sprinkle of nationalism to the general neoliberal philosophy, and you've got the current American neoconservative politics. From a practical standpoint, they're the same bogeyman.
American neoconservative policies are essentially just neoliberal economics with a heavy helping of foreign military intervention and nationalism. Both the 'neoconservative' and 'neoliberal' descriptors refer to two slightly different flavors of centrist politics. There's about an 80% overlap between the two, primarily in the economic policy arena.
People conflate socialist and social democrat.
I hear Bill's was "JustThaTip69".
It's definitely a regional thing, unless something has changed recently. In the schools I am familiar with in Texas, you generally just get access to a clinic where you can see a RN and get a few minor things done for cheap. No emergency care and they can only prescribe some drugs (birth control, maybe antibiotics, etc. Nothing scheduled.)
It's mostly the folks that fall into the gap where they should be covered by the medicaid expansion, but don't live in a state that took it. Even when they make slightly over the poverty level, the subsidies are pretty pitiful compared to the plans you can afford. The 'cheap' insurance on the exchange is a joke. Most are high deductible plans that are essentially unusable by the folks in that income bracket outside of catastrophic injury. That means people that may only be pulling in $1200 - 1500 a month are faced with spending $250 - 300 (or more) every month on something that they won't be able to actually use if they get sick, but aren't literally dying.
You're right, BCBSTX is offering it even at my old school now. Looks like they started some time in 2014 or 2015. Here's to some positive progress in the loan star state ;)
Because when you see the speech in black and white, you'll start asking "why is this worth $225k again?" Worse, when you compare all of the speeches and find out she's basically saying the same 10 minutes worth of drivel, the only conclusion left to draw is that it was never about the speeches, and always about the cash transfer. She's dragged it out so long people are convinced something nefarious was said, and when it turns out to be just boilerplate corporatism, it will add a metric ton of fuel onto the corruption speculation theories. She should have released the transcripts immediately when challenged. Dragging it out this long has exacerbated the controversy. She's really bad at running for office.
If we can figure out a process that lets people remove fraudulent and incorrect accounts from their credit reports, we can figure out a system that will let people expunge things like this from background checks. We may never be able to remove every record from google, but it's the info returned by the major background check companies that are the primary source of these sorts of problems.
&gt; The fellow that Marco Rubio denounced as a con man has forced the leaders of the party to kneel before him, principles be damned. The deal is done. The ring has been kissed. On with the show. The schadenfreude is strong...
I think that's what they meant by "The ring has been kissed".
I'm Texan, born and bred, and it's been a shame watching what has been done to the state over the last 15 years. I mean, hell. When I was in high school, evolution wasn't a controversy and they taught us actual sex education (complete with handing out rubbers) and out interstate system was one of the best maintained in the country. Now, intelligent design is part of biology coursework, 'abstinence only' has more support than actual education, planned parenthood clinics are dropping like flies, and our bridges are literally falling down.
Sander's is just a target of opportunity because he is more accessible. Hillary keeps a lot tighter control on who she allows near her.
So Hillary works for the big banking firms. Got it.
That's only a small part of it. Most of the current issue can be traced back to [this map](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ed/Texas_redistricting_-_2002_and_2004.png), which was the result of the [2003 GOP-led redistricting coup](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2003_Texas_redistricting).
Do you think Aaron Rodgers picks up the phone when the GM calls?
&gt; automation. It's already here and **as soon as it become less expensive** to replace a worker with a General Purpose Bot, it will be done. Painful times for yet another revolutionary transition. It's not even about the cost. It's already less expensive to buy kiosks than deal with employees. One of the biggest reasons keeping a lot of companies from aggressively transitioning towards kiosks for the majority of retail cashiers is pushback from older generations. It's part distrust of technology, part logistics. Kiosks don't work all that great when grandma wants to throw a wad of expired coupons at the cashier and then write a check, but processes are being streamlined and people are being weaned onto the new system. By the time the majority of the boomers retire, automated cashiers will be ubiquitous.
That entirely depends on the program. Admin costs range from about 2% (Child Care and Development Fund) to over 20% (HUD's public housing program), and this is before fraud is factored in. A UBI would significantly reduce admin costs for any program folded into it, and virtually eliminate fraud (since there would be no means testing).
There'd still need to be something in place for the folks that legitimately can't work (the elderly and disabled). Most plans I have seen call for the programs replaced by a UBI to be the 'gap programs' that are intended to supplement income (food stamps, housing allowances, etc).
&gt; Additionally, we should be able to offer employers more freedom to determine their own wages This is something that I think could help sell the idea to conservatives. It wouldn't be crazy to say that you could entirely eliminate the minimum wage if we had a robust UBI in place. If your basic needs are covered, who am I to say that it's wrong for you to go be a greeter at Walmart for $4 an hour worth of beer money and an employee discount on your 12 packs? It'd be between you and your employer to determine if your time was worth that when abject destitution is taken off the negotiating table.
Not to mention that drugs are expensive, which means poor people are often actually less likely to use than other demographics. And honestly, if the choice is between giving a crackhead a monthly check, or leaving them to their own devices to 'generate their own income', cutting them a check probably does less harm to society. The only downside I see there is the loss of free stimulus to the auto-glass and car stereo industries. ;)
Which would be a huge boon to small-scale entrepreneurs, not to mention having access to a UBI also provides a safety net to folks taking the risks to become entrepreneurs in the first place.
&gt; but re reading i realize you are not excluding the people who make millions of dollars from ubi. For folks in that income bracket, they would still be getting the payment, but it wouldn't be a net gain for them. It's be more of a mini tax refund. &gt; I had run into a person who told me his understanding of ubi was that anyone who currently made more than ubi would not get it. That completely undermines the primary benefits of a UBI by disincentivizing work.
