Tasmanian Devils go through a similar process, fighting (I think hundreds) of their siblings to attach to 8 nipples.
However that's an oppressed people reclaiming a word that oppressed them, such as "gay" with the non-straight community. Side note, it's "nigga." Example: if you call a nigga a "nigger" they will *cut* you (metaphorically, usually).
Interestingly enough we also see plenty of black people vote Republican because it's technically the party that freed their ancestors, if only in name. They don't think to actually look into what the party stands for (as plenty of white people do as well).
Can I upvote this some more?
I want to but I'm afraid I won't go back to sleep.
I plan to choose certain toys to fit the theme of each expansion as well as experiment with different toys to find out what each normal cat's top fav 3 toys are.
Guessing Socks is in the face?
Lexy's loaded, man.
Genocide mode (boot every cat as soon as it gets on a toy).
I wish I had the gold to give you for this.
You can kick her off.
Are you sure he goes on a goodie that provides loaf form?
Yup
Fake.
I'm very torn on him! I do like him in his rain, but I like seeing all his markings... (he comes to the rail because it's a rail, like the thing trains run on....)
Actually, you're using sex terms here. For gender you should use "man," "woman," and at least "other" (Even if you don't agree with the American trans community, other cultures have had other genders for centuries).
Correct, they're on their lonesome with the rail. I prefer getting solo pictures with the rares xD
Oh that makes more sense! I'd seen a lot of cats who had black tail tips have white under the kotatsu and was very confused.
I see what you did there.
That woman's poor vulva...
Actually if your toes are squished they're bad shoes.
Such as cutting the crust off your sandwiches.
That's why we use a harness! You still have the carry them, but a lot less thrashing.
I dated a Kenyan who was raised until 12 in Kenya, but his two siblings (both parents African) were raised in the US. Heritage-wise, they all were "African," but my ex was the only one who spoke an African language (Swahili) and culturally they were all pretty "white" (in their own terms). Their mother (South African, not white) would mock them sometimes by calling them, "Shaniquaesiasia," but that's about all the "hate" I saw. I think some Africans are put off by the Roots movement due to the way it kinda "bastardizes" their culture, but it's not Black folks fault they can't trace their heritages fully. I think it also can be explained by how whitewashed African culture is.
https://youtu.be/GKB8hXYod2w
