Its crazy how we Americans saved Futbol! from the evils of Blatter and co! America Fuck Yea!!!! also on side note Team USA undefeated in u20 World cup so far a plus for us!!!
what season was this? man how i forgot about this beauty!
A day of threes!
you know i was thinking about getting that one hows the flavor and clouds?
The Mexican staring frog of Sri Lanka episode....
I wonder if next season is gonna be tied up with this!
ney is done two yellows and a red basically we going to see the Brazil from last years semi final play with no neymar
Thanks def deliver please! I want to go see the movie but I just need a good review from the general public like YOU please deliver OP
Thanks now I'm gonna go watch it!
fallout 4?
I wish the best for this little shibe if my akita inu survived her nose infection which I thought the vet was gonna put her to sleep! This shibe can survive!!!! +/u/dogetipbot all doge verify
Hahahah!!!! The suffering and torture I endured on the snes!
Damn your genius! Up vote for you!
I hope so!!!
Good guy Gremlin juice....discontinues juice flavor reveals formula!!! Ya vendors out their better learn!!!
mr /u/ZUKERglass i finally cracked open my freebie ü vape that ü hooked me up and others for the holiday, that früt lüp is on point man! loving it! will buy more asap!
yea i think this is credible source RIP!
Hannover vs wehen friendly 30 mins before kick off i'm thinking Hannover +0 AH @ -154 Over 3 @ -114 Early morning pick for me betting light!
I need to taste this beer!!! ASAP
Man i miss the bears!!! I might have to get an order of it soon!
I see ney and el haddadi as the big players today with masche iniesta and pique as good support! I would love to see MaTs get a clean sheet for the club today! Visca barca!
Hahahaha called it el haddid!!!$
Neyyyy fucking mar!!!!!!! Boooom! Lets gooo this getting heaten up!!!!
Are all withdrawls 50 bucks after you use your freebie? Is neteller feasable and safe for a us customer?
Ahhh i wish we had 5 inches we getting 2' ft plus my back is gonna be bad!
