yea tell him johnny
Who the hell would leave a loaf of banana bread uneaten
You rock!
I agree. Binding of Isaac has tons of hidden/unintentonal mechanics and it gives the game SO much depth. I've got more than 1000 hours in the game across both versions and I still don't know everything about it.
That sounds like an anime that I'd watch
Awesome thanks, this is exactly what I was looking for. The warlock one was funny to me. I remember once I drafted 4 flame imps because I thought they were so good. Never have I lost an arena so quickly.
You can (and should) do this for every god in the game
Like copyrighting candy from a baby
What's going on here
&gt;Dark Souls 2, for all it's faults is an amazingly replayable game. I've put so many hours into that game messing with different weapons and builds and doing lots of co-op and I just can't enough of it. I know this is blasphemy for a lot of people but don't get me wrong: I love Dark Souls 1 and I love Bloodborne but DS2 for me is king when it comes to replay-value. That's so weird to hear for me. I love the whole Souls series and played the hell out of DS2 when it came out, but once I stopped I never played through again. I've tried before but always get put off by the dodging and how hard it is to get regeared from the start. I just end up replaying Dark Souls 1 for the 20th time or so.
&gt;In my honest opinion, I would be completely dissatisfied with a product that I paid between 15-45 dollars for that can be beaten in less than two hours. The games we're talking about do not cost that much. Games like To the Moon, Proteus, Dear Esther, Papo y Yo, Little Inferno and hundreds of others are now essentially free. The developers will receive no profit if people beat their games and then return them. *This is not a good thing.*
What I wouldn't give to play this god, this is awesome. Fantastic work
WTB rare pepe
13 second intro what
[Reddit Enhancement Suite](http://redditenhancementsuite.com/)
I didn't raise you to talk to me that way you ungrateful little shit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ragman_%28comics%29 Edmund likes nerd stuff. /thread
It's not boring, it's a puzzle to figure out the optimal way to go forward. In all honesty it's a very interesting way of playing the game. &gt;I got both cubes with the Book of rev and it did take like 6 hours Now THAT'S boring
It really isn't. 90% of the posts are basically just /r/gaming for Hearthstone. Posts like this are the rare exception. If you want resources you should look into /r/competitiveHS or /r/hearthdecklists
God damn that was fire
You can settle for sculpting us an Old Wa simulator :P
Animals are crapping in our houses and we're picking it up. Did we lose a war? That's not America! That's not even Mexico.
Agreed, /r/smite mods are great
&gt;I'm definitely not depressed. Unless you're a psych major or a medical professional, you have no way of knowing this. And no, not everybody has suicidal thoughts. In the world of psychiatry suicidal thoughts are ALWAYS taken seriously, especially if they're as persistent as you say. I'll echo the words of everyone else saying that you should see a doc, but in case you're still skeptical here are the symptoms of depression: Fatigue, changes in eating habits, lack of energy, no longer enjoying previously pleasurable activities, lowered sex drive, suicidal thoughts, trouble sleeping or sleeping too much, feelings of guilt/worthlessness, persistent sad and anxious mood and thoughts. Keep in mind that depression can happen regardless of your environment or life circumstances, and that it can be as much chemical as it is emotional. Anybody can be clinically depressed.
I just want to say I really like the casual atmosphere of threads and I hope they stay. Anyways, I've been rereading my favorite book recently, The Things They Carried. It's so good. I'm not a huge reader and I usually hate consuming a piece of media more than once but this book is brilliant, it's got so much depth that rereading it even for the 3rd or 4th time feels like discovering something new as opposed to just retreading familiar ground.
