Or if the leftist party inherits a maxed out credit card and a province teetering on bankruptcy and they control spending far better than the right wing party did they're still bad guys.
We already grind up the bones to make angel food cake and use the hair in pasta, might as well use the rest.
Calvert was a lightweight compared to the cuts Romanow had to make post Devine. Like a scalpel vs a hatchet. And then the Sask Party goes on TV and says they wouldn't cut spending as much as the NDP did, the crazy reversal of economic ideologies apparently oblivious to them and voters.
And conveniently delayed until after the election. Funny how that works.
If we don't accept the bad things and enter this treaty then other bad things will happen. You don't want bad things to happen do you? Not those bad things, the other ones. They're bad.
......then sell the lights below market value to balance the budget!
It's a really bizarre statement to say we're the evil ones and then point to China and India, countries that treat their citizens like animals, as nations we need to sacrifice our self made prosperity to.
So in order for them to compete with us, to make businesses and create opportunities, we need to lower ourselves? They are unable to advance so long as we are ahead?
I always get all of them except for white. Whatever isn't needed now may be needed down the road.
Next they'll say we should have a rainy day fund to cover drops in resource prices. Madness!
Yup. Based on our history that basically translates to: "We're way over budget and need some quick fire sales for a cash infusion so we can maintain power, regardless if in the long term we lose money."
I always feel a special, deep type of disappointment when rejection of modern knowledge leads to a tragedy like this.
Now back to fighting those Decepticons.
.....the fuck?
Nah, just don't enjoy seeing golden age hero's turned into psychopaths because Snyder hates and wants to tear down heroes.
Ahah! But! Mm hmm! We just don't understand it. \*inserts Jolly Rancher creepily\*
I guess he had a dream of a speedster coming back in time to tell him ? No, no that can't be it. That's dumb.
So what you're saying is that when it comes to speed, there's a need for it? A need for speed, if you will? Fascinating.
I most certainly did not want to join this club, but the game decided for me.
No. No, not again. Do you know how long it took Garnet's RM2 to drop!?
Rural populations moving to urban populations made sense because technology changes shifted economies to the urban areas. Urban areas are still the economic centers, moving back to those rural areas for reasonable housing is counter productive.
As someone from Saskatchewan you have no idea how good it is to see Trost in there.
I...I can see the promised land! Where everyone has a wall and mithril flows like water.
Both.
No. In one sentence he was a stooge for the family business, in the other he was incompetent at promoting any business where he couldn't get 100% approval behind him. Those options were being blocked by people Harper tried to lock out of the conversation. Obama pulled it off on his side because he didn't treat the opposition literally like they were terrorists. Keystone failed because of Harper, because he was unable to deal with anyone who wasn't a sycophant.
