If you can handle it then go for it, but don't let it ruin your high school life for the last time. I'm in a public university in my state, but I love it here and wouldn't trade it away for anything.
He said hed owe a lot of money he might not be avle to afford to the government.
We don't know how much he owes..just saying..
My 14 year old cat died suddenly of a heart attack almost exactly a year ago. I was upstairs when I heard my mom start crying. My cat, patches, had fallen off the table suddenly in the kitchen after having what we think was a heart attack. She was gone before hitting the ground. She had been rubbing on my mom a lot and purring not 5 minutes sooner.
I agree with you there, some people think they are the same. That is the main issue with our relationships these days. Selfish is asking someone to do everything for you and doing nothing in return. Taking care of yourself and your partner is being equal.
If you were alone for more than half the year, youre independent
I understand. We only had my beagle three years before he died. In 2 days went feom healthy to dying on the way to the vet. They think hr was 6 when we got him.
if you say it in a terrible way yeah, but would you rather they not say anything at all and just be around them all the time?
you should still tell your gf that...
Transfer. Money is not everything.
Take the class
Academics arent. Academics and networking.
It's just a thought since I can't think of a situation where this has ever happened. In the meantime, would the current president continue to be president until something happened or would they have to hurry? I have no idea and was wondering.
Precalc is required for a class so you have to take it. I dont get the confusion
Google theit requirements..i found my end goal grad schools requirements online
You have to submit everything, that's how it works. You can still get into a state college/university if nothing else and those are fine. I'm at one now.
Live off campus, living on campus honestly doesn't do much for you after the first year. Stay involved on campus by not being at your apartment too much.
Probably not. You need to get in good standing.
Go on pinterest.
Separate cat 1
College is something you do in your own time. If you want to wait a year that's fine and nothing wrong with that....Your family should support that. It doesn't mean you won't attend college, it means you might wait and do better too.
You learn a lot in college, not just in the degree, but about yourself and life. That's the point. I'm a biology major and it's rough.
Be VERY careful letting your dog out without a leash. Always be out there with them.
It is. I'm paying for my own because my family cannot, but some people really should do what fits them the best.
He's acting as if "let" meaning that they're deciding for him...
