sooooueeeeee
&gt; every single thread is full people talking about how unelectable he is. I'm seeing just as much proSanders shitposting. Someone just submitted a link to Bernie's campaign store page: http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/380pdl/bernie_sanders_campaign_launches_store/
&gt;But three new papers from the Hutchins Center on Fiscal and Monetary Policy at the Brookings Institution challenge that popular assumption. The research, released Monday, finds little evidence that the Fed has widened the gap between the rich and the poor. If anything, the central bank has given the biggest boost to those in the middle. &gt;That’s because the largest asset held by most families is their home. When the Fed targets higher inflation, debt becomes cheaper -- and mortgages become easier to pay down. Those with the biggest mortgages relative to their income tend to be middle-class, middle-aged households, making them the winners in an era of easy money, argue Matthias Doepke and Veronika Selezneva of Northwestern University and Martin Schneider of Stanford University.
What does this mean?
There's really no debate. Putting the NSFW tag was a very nice thing to do as a lot of folks appreciate the warning and arguing it wasn't required is a bunch of silly, non proveable semantics.
I still don't get how it ended up in between the two concrete slabs? Am I missing something? It looks like the slabs collapsed on it?
I'm like, why would they move the trade deadline? Derp.
HAEGAR DOUBLE 3-0!
&gt;Lets hope our offense can get something going tonight. Your wish has been granted!
Something was definitely done.
boss cast dot net has a permanent link in the sidebar to espn two
revenge baby
&gt;Man I yelled so hard after that last out my neighbours probably thought I was demonic. I didn't need your yelling to think that! /dadjoke
&gt;[“I’ve never argued against any technology being used when you have an imminent threat, an active crime going on. If someone comes out of a liquor store with a weapon and fifty dollars in cash, I don’t care if a drone kills him or a policeman kills him.”](http://www.forbes.com/sites/rickungar/2013/04/23/rand-paul-shockingly-now-supports-the-use-of-drones-on-us-soil-to-kill-americans-so-what-was-that-filibuster-thing-all-about/)
Bernie Sanders. The internet already got burned by ron paul so they can't look to randy as the new savior.
lol, you submitted a gamecast!!! I love it!
&gt;She already loosing ground to sanders faster than when Obama was running. False.
[The GOP loves chimps and that other guy](https://docdlp.files.wordpress.com/2010/06/reagan-bonzo.jpg)
&gt;Once we are adults, we should be able to use the word nigger in the proper context without No sweetie. That's not an adult thing. Adults have respect for other people and don't mind some good old politically correct rules that show respect for other people.
Dead link and it still got 15 upvotes. Good job Sanders brigade!
Stickied. Weigh in people!
Not really. This movement back and forth is an actual feature of a two party Democracy and has been going on since inception. Back in the day, say post WWII, conservatives had to move left as the country itself was feeling friskily progressive. And then after a few decades of feeling progressive, the people moved conservative in the 70s (as a reaction to what they deemed the excesses of progressive-ism) and we moved right. Thus we got Reagan and morning in America and deregulation and tax cuts and war on drugs, etc. And that movement is highly predictable and happening again as we speak. Notice all the polling of how the people are turning left and how in 2014 elections all the progressive shit did well despite the Democrats losing their elections. There's even long historical studies that show these movements have happened like clock work in America. My favorites being "Generations" and my favorite: &gt; Presidential Leadership in Political Time: Reprise and Reappraisal - Stephen Skowronek Which explores how Presidents actually react to this societal mindset and govern accordingly. Thus why Obama and Clinton had to govern as Republican-lite and use triangulation to get anything done in a highly conservative era. Explaining it as "Republicrats who work for billionaires" misses so much good scholarly and historical information that would really help a lot of Americans stop getting mired in the day to day of politics and start seeing the trends that are indelible.
The young folks on reddit don't want to believe that Democracy in a two party FPTP voting system really is a long game of patience and dedication to one party and the principles that you shove that party to adhere to. They want to think that progress happens fast and furious and one person will come along and make change lickity-split. But the truth is that Democracy such as ours is a slow mother fucking game and elections are about turning out a small sliver of the base and change comes when one side unifies and stays on message, doesn't attack itself and wins elections...over decades.
It wasn't just the Republicans and the religious right. America itself moved to the right in the 70s as a reaction to the huge post WWII progressive lurch and what America saw as liberal overreach. It's a natural movement in the continual back and forth between the two ideologies going on here since the beginning. And here we are again seeing the conservative era overreaching and becoming extreme, turning off Americans and forcing the whole shebang to the left. Poll after poll is showing this movement which is just how America rolls. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory
Stop being so cynical! Look how well Ron Paul did with reddit's support behind hi- oh wait...
