It's nearly impossible to actually "eye test" teams cross-region in LoL. Doing that in League would be like if Asian soccer (football) teams decided to play 2 keepers and 6 strikers while European played 9 defenders and 0 keepers and America played 11 midfield. The styles, metas and overall level of comfort is hilariously inconsistent worldwide. I believe it was EU that took literally 2 months to start playing Sivir while NA and China and Korea were both well into the Sivir craze. EU is currently in an all out aggression early game and fuck teamfights meta (which got Fnatic so far at MSI) while NA is in a late game team centric meta. This is like back in S3 (I believe) except reversed. EU was the "20 minutes of nothing happening, then a team stomps a teamfight after 10 minutes wandering around baron aimlessly" region while we saw the rise of C9 with coordinated team calling and pushing early game leads to the point of the other team being entirely helpless in NA. No meta is better than the others. Late game teamfight comp falls behind massively? Well good luck with your Athene's, Rod Orianna and haunting guise armguard Rumble trying to wombo. Flipside, early game comp doesn't get the lead they need to coast to a win? Prepare for some horrendously one sided teamfights because, shockingly, Irelia/Zed/Corki can't efficiently kill Cassio/Sej/Gnar/Sivir.
Ignoring the fact that the home advantage is flawed in that it's not adjusted for relative opponent strength, the data is biased by that loss streak at home. It's a part of the "data" in the same way as if 5 darts out of 100 flat out missed a dartboard is part of the data.
I really liked Rochelle from Season 12 and Mary from Season 11. I'm not even sure why. Mary should have won, even ignoring what happened to Ja'nel. Rochelle was just silly and probably wouldn't have ran a team well, but she was just so *happy*.
Calling Diana a true assassin is greatly exaggerated. She's always been a weird Assassin/Bruiser/Mage hybrid. The shield makes no sense on an assassin, the E makes no sense for any of them honestly and the ult makes no sense for mage or bruiser.
He can't adjust to the meta. He was great during assassin meta. He was great during farm meta. He's done terrible in the mid-range meta that we have now with Azir, Cass and Viktor.
I was impressed I could understand him through the accent. That's a good sign as to how well he's actually doing with the language. His accent is still very heavy though.
It's always impressive when you find a way to get caught out as Urgot.
Kinda. She doesn't need to stay in mid-range though like Cass. Her Q is Ziggs range and her ult is pretty long range. Her E is the only really short range ability.
Why is Origen convincingly winning fights then losing objectives? That mid lane fight where they 3 for 1ed ended with SK dragon. Catching Sven and Fredy then immediately losing mid tower despite having taken 0 damage.
Fight was going fine... then like 3 people flashed over the wall to chase Sven lol.
Which team is worse, though? The one with the ADC who forgets that the meta shifts or the one with the top/jungle duo that just died TWENTY TIMES in one game.
She's great if she can put out early pressure. She's also great if your tank doesn't go 0/11.
Sorry, but no... if you just shove up to a tower against Kalista/Azir, they are going to poke you forever. That was also not a team to dive, with the Maokai, Kalista, Azir, Naut.
I mean, they'll wind up in the qualification tournament even if they don't win the split. Then, it's on them to just win.
Diamond may have had a good game, but I wasn't impressed in the last few mins (his ults weren't useful) and he was pretty bad in the other 3 games this split. He also wasn't impressive last split either.
Yeah, shit's boring when Giants play like a team. It's almost like they think they're in the LCS or something.
Giants with the "What the fuck are we even doing" teamcomp.
Seriously... Giants have below average siege (AP Kog poke is insane, but Ezreal isn't a tower taking ADC). They have no tank line and no lockdown. They have pitiful early game. How will they win? Split pushing? They can *never* group.
That feel when the 0 ping Alistar can't do the combo you can do at 100 ping.
Best part is that THEY are the ones that wanted to keep the top laner down and they didn't have to sacrifice drag pressure for it.
Did I just witness a completely wiffed Rumble ult and a Sej ult on a black shielded support?
So at what point did Svenskeren lose all talent?
"Hey this is a really good fight for Ro... WHY IS WOOLITE ON TOP OF NOCTURNE, GRAGAS AND ANNIE"
I don't see any possibility of Woolite having a roster spot in a month.
Rumble wasn't in the area. It doesn't continuously knock back.
