If aui taught me anything is that even as a 2k scrub i buy my shit fast and go do stuff quick
I was not aware we were using Somalians for wine now
the bad thing is that they can blindside you pretty hard, I had a very shy gf for some years, she cheated on me for some months without me knowing, I never saw it coming as she was so shy
Do people evento know whata fuckboy is this days?
I fucking hate Mexicans speaking in English, its not their fault but damn! (I'm Mexican BTW)
His accent makes his cast even better for me, and the guy is hilarious, but yeah when you come from the same place I can see how it might be cringeworthy
Midnas lament from Twilight Princess, the titles song for skullgirls and the intro son for final fantasy christal chronicles... Also I'm pretty sure xenoblade is pretty good soundtrack
I honestly think their first 2 albums were fantastic, much better than all of the other "emo" bands from back in the day
Silent alarm - bloc party That album was simply perfect IMO top 3 of that decade and I'll fight whomever doesn't agree.
I have a couple of dogs se picked up from a shelter, not only did the people threw them away they tried to buen them un an empty lot, luckyly they were rescued and got to the shelter, some of those didnt survive, some others live with me now
5 reasons we hate... Is my reason to live
I started drinking some craft beers after a new bar that specializes in them opened very close to my work, the variety is amazing and the taste is much stronger in a lot of those beers, so much so that most regular beers like corona taste like water to me, I'll still drink normal beer (because I'm poor) but at least I know now that there is a world out there
But to be fair shes a terrible wife who doesnt hold to any expectations in the bedroom, she fucking jacks him off without even taking eyes away from her computer, he's dying and has a horrible sexlife he didn't even think of cheating but I don't see how she could blame him if he did.
But I really don't see why he was thrown off about it, we are supposed to love the antihero, and Skylar many times acts against him or makes things harder for him, why wouldn't we not hate her? Sure she doesn't know and its not her fault but she's still a huge bitch all series, her and her bitch sister Marie! The only likeable one is hank and even he is am asshole a lot
I agree completely she's set to be a horrible person from episode one, she only gets redemption for being the lesser evil person but she stopped out of fear not out of goodness, the only truly decent people in that show are hank and the kid
This is not my story personally but I saw it happen pretty close to me, basically my gf's brother was a pretty hardcore atheist, his parents always claimed to be catholic but mexican light catholic, never went to church in their life and they are only baptized but not any of the other stuff, so basically completely away from church... Anyway, he turned to christianity because some shitty things happened that turned the family upside down and he started dating this christian girl, now to me it was predatorial but he totally fell for the girls and her fathers (who was a pastor) oportunistic presentation of god as a way to make his shitty life less shitty, he fell in love with the whole thing and he turned into full crazy devout christian in what seems practically overnight for me, to me it was completely confusing because he used to be a hardcore skeptic and in general a really smart dude, he got the highest gradein his major and masters degrees in engineering and next day he's praying for everything and pestering his family to turn to christianity.
I was amazed too at how religious people were, my family was atheist and always called themselves that, also both of them were biologists, in middle school I attended a christian school because it was pretty high quality, I was befudled the first time I argued with a young earth creationist idiot kid, I literally couldn't wrap my mind around someone believing in god with that fervor. I was also amazed the first time people asked me to pray before eating, I just told my friends parents I didnt know how because I was an atheist, I was like 10 and I'll never forget the look of disbelief in their faces.
Once a teacher I really liked that was a christian told me she was always going to try and convert me because if she didn't I'd go to hell and she liked me too much for that to happen, I guess you'll miss your parents when you are contemplating god in the afterlife OP.
/s
That's true, but if you are gay and have a kid they way to get your kid to be accepted is not by hidding the fact that you are gay, its to make a statement to others, to show others that its ok to be gay, bigots die when ignorance and taboos die, the way to help those kids is by showing off, not the other way around, don't get confused.
Hacking... I don't feel any need to explain.
Im mexican and eat them a lot too
GO HUMAN BEINGS!!
I'm fucking sure I was in that game and was lina, any dotabuff?
Not only was he an idiot, I'm pretty sure the np was a racist cunt, I was there I promise http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1548623207 just 2k USE things
