I got an hour and a half of sleep last night. I'm not sure if I want to die or if I want everyone else to die, but one of those things.
Can we pause for a moment to recognize how dynamite the acting is in this gif. Cry/smiling is hard to pull off when it's genuine, let alone when it's simulated.
Yep, I would think so.
Times of year I am typically this excited: Start of football season Beating UGA in anything
Yeah, I'm actually cool with them keeping the Skyrim engine. Modders are comfortable with it, should make for an explosive mod arena in the months after release.
Who gives a shit about graphics? Companies dumping all their dev budget into pretty images is what's killing games. Spend it on writing and area design and etc, you get a better game. Besides which, plenty of people enjoyed 3, so I guess what I'm saying is you're entitled to your opinion but also shut up?
USS Constitution.
I was making a joke, man. Don't read so much into it.
Yeah, the sign actually looks like it says "bank," so I dunno what's up there. Guessing this was either constructed as a drydock or something happened (rocket test?) that literally blew it out of the water.
If you ever get the chance to drive around Vegas after playing NV, definitely do so. The strip/city itself isn't too accurate - the real world streets are wider, buildings taller and more densely packed, but the area around Vegas is actually remarkably well displayed in the game - Primm, the location of Boulder Springs, the Dam, the general geography. Was a fun trip for a nerd like me.
*yet
Because comedians are a really valid and valuable source for backing up an argument.
Send the PCs on a quest for the Lost Orb of Phanastacoria, see how they like it.
Fitting then, that Honest Hearts is one of my favorite experiences in that game. I feel it was woefully underrated by most.
Oh! You're totally right, I misread. Well then, maybe I just have bad taste. HH was great though. OWB was better, but I still like wandering about the HH terrain/interacting with the tribes.
Similarly, folks that act like hallucinogens are the gateway to god/brilliance/etc.
This comment made my skin crawl.
Are you talking about the shirt guy? The European one? In no way affiliated with NASA? Or is there some other thing?
Surely they are the ones that downvoted Sporkicide to negative 2500 and everybody in this comment thread to 40+
Could we not have this circlejerk in here, maybe?
I'm guessing the fire would have assisted in operating a boiler, which would power a steam-driven robot.
Where's my "are you fucking kidding me" gif... I know I left it here somewhere.
* Boners of Boston * Manbits of Massachusetts
&gt;Use item Jump Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Loading Equip Amulet of Slowfall Use Item Land safely in Ald'Ruhn For real, though, despite how poorly Morrowind handled this kind of rapid overland movement (due to tech limitations), it really made the game more fun. It's a shame the more modern TES games haven't followed suit.
If the Midwestern Brotherhood is in the game and Tactics becomes more than fringe canon, NMA is going to *flip the fuck out and it's going to be hilarious*.
