Sorry I'm late getting back to this, but I haven't heard of anything to indicate that Avengers is in the Buffyverse.
I saw a picture of this in the wild quite a while ago. Don't recall if it was here, or on Opposite Lock.
The Guns N' Roses Appetite For Destruction cassette tape smells glorious. It's one of the greatest smells ever, a bit musky, but not overwhelming. I have no idea if that cassette was infused with this smell, or if it was a part of the manufacturing process or what, but I kept my copy just for the smell.
You might be surprised to learn that these are reasonably common in the Midwest and other parts of the US, where these kinds of vehicles can be classified as ATVs. Farmers and ranchers love them because they've got a vehicle that they can put hay into, a newborn calf, feed etc and still drive it on local roads and highways. Laws very from state to state, so check your DMV before purchasing one for yourself.
That's a pretty ballin' bike to be commuting on. Looks like a full carbon fiber Trek Madone.
Washburn Taurus T25 has a pretty narrow neck and plays nicely too. Source: I just bought my first 5 string. I played a bunch of other 5 strings, and actually wanted a really wide neck as I have big hands, but this one just felt perfect in my hands.
Yeah it is. It's OCLV carbon frame and fork. Notice the lack of welds around the head tube, that's because these are bonded carbon fiber tubes. Source: used to work at a bike shop and I'm familiar with lots of frames and frame materials.
Found a really nice used Washburn Taurus T25 in a guitar shop in Iowa over the weekend. http://i.imgur.com/iwdOHhf.jpg It's my first neck thru bass, and it's also my first 5 string, so there's a bit of adjustment going on, but I'm really liking it. Feels like a much more expensive guitar than it is. Very pleased.
Because they're easier to drive out on farms and small places on a farm or ranch.
I usually use a gravel grinder bike, or even a city style hybrid bike, as the geometries are usually a bit slacker, which means the bike is easier to handle. Flat handlebars usually give the rider better sightlines while riding too. There's nothing wrong with using a road bike as a commuter bike, but they tend to be a bit squirrely on rough roads and are also a target for thieves. Well, all bikes are for that matter. :(
I always put my hand out the window and hold onto objects stowed on the roof, because I know it will never fall off if I'm holding onto it.
I saw one like this when I was in London last year.
Replaced the heagaskets on my 2006 Impreza 2.5i at 61k miles. :( Subaru stepped up and replaced them under warranty, even though I was about 1k miles out. :) I've also heard that the EJ headgasket issue was finally solved in 2008, but I haven't heard anything definitive on this.
I kind of like how Farscape went from being an almost predictable "monster of the week" program in the first season to what it became in the seasons following it.
Most likely the Specialized ummagumma.
I enjoyed it even more on my second viewing.
I test drove a few of the 2005+ Tacoma trucks and just didn't care for how big they were. I scored a deal on a 2004 Tacoma that was in mint condition. I'll probably be driving it forever.
What's reserved seating? I haven't been to a movie theater in about a decade, so I don't know if this is a regional thing or what.
It's the Hellmouth, so all sorts of stuff like that can happen. I don't think his intents of summoning Sweet were malicious in any way. Aside from that, it could have been anybody from the gang that summoned him, but it just happened to be Xander. The consequences (or lack of) would have probably been the same if it was Dawn, or Giles or whomever.
Or a sink?
I didn't really care much for the Potentials either, and honestly I don't think Buffy really cared for them either, but she also understood the importance of giving the powers of the Slayer to all the potentials and taking away the power from the Watchers Council. There were so many things happening in season 7 that the message kind of got diluted a bit, but I think it's a really important one that many of us often forget about. On point however... my idea for a workable spinoff would be to have Buffy as Watcher, but not in the horrible and manipulative way that the old Watchers acted. Buffy could lend a lot of experience as a Slayer to all the Slayers. I'm sure Willow and Xander could find something to do in this world as well. Buffy &amp; The Slayers?
Looks like somebody is trying to make another Speedy Cop plane. http://blog.caranddriver.com/spirit-of-lemons-how-a-1956-cessna-airplane-became-a-road-racing-lemons-car-w-build-photosvideo/
Solid opening and guitar solo for sure. The rest of the song was somewhat by the numbers, but still ranks pretty good in my book.
It's PG-13 violence, so it's sorta like pretend violence. Your daughter is just a pretend serial killer. If she does happen to kill anybody in the future, there won't be any bloodshed.
I really liked them as presenters and some of the experiments that they did, so yeah, I miss them being on the show, but I like how the show is a little less silly now and a bit more science oriented.
