I did. Half the time their machine is busted so they ain't counting it manually. I hope other banks have functioning machines
Cool, silly of me not to make more use of my power as a consumer! Edit: make noise while carrying 3 piggy banks' EXACTLY why I loathe to go after a few untoward incidents!
calm ur panties its just a rant. i drive and i hardly use public transport and tolls cause of where i live.
you looking for someone on a freelance or permanent basis?
Michael Ricketts
Wow how unprofessionally inept can you get trying to copy three (or maybe more?) works in a row and not get caught?
lol arouse.
Tabletop games? Geeky? Oh come on I've got female friends aged 27 28 and 29 which are all my boardgame kakis! Not all girls are like that trust me... i have a another group who actively plays monopoly deal and sushi go too if they're not that into the more intense types!
If you're coming from a retail background I'd suggest you to try wobb.com. Jobstreet and Linkedin are particularly good for the old-fashioned white collar kinda office work.
Green Dot Stables at Centerpoint BU is pretty good. No shitty loud music and what-not.
well, if it is expensive then why the fuck are they there to begin with? asshats
At a store with cctv on every aisle? Not a smart move.
is this some kinda joke?
lol... are u really who i think u r
NYE party at KL i got drunk and called my good friend names (even the H word) mostly out of spite due to rejection. Got into an altercation outside the club and she's punishing me for being a twat by cutting off ties for 6 months or a year not sure if she's srs about it or if it's things she said at the heat of the moment.
Yup. Apologizing is the first step. Waiting for her to... well..... takes time. It's the 2nd time we've had this confrontation.
Steamed biyotch. Any time. Get a whole chicken leg, rub some salt on it, steam it over an empty plate and let the inner juices form the chicken essence. Absolute haven.
Either everyone's still hungover from NYE celebrations, or that KL Sentral seemed 'quieter' than usual.... at least that's what I've noticed.
beats me... some people just want to watch the world burn
You might wanna try RGB &amp; The Bean Hive. It's quietly tucked away within a neighborhood of bungalows, less than 15 minutes drive from KLCC. In fact the place itself is a conversion of a bungalow to a coffee place. If ur looking for calm and quiet you have to give this place a go. I'd recommend getting on Uber or GrabCar.
Trust me, we are from the same generation. My dad would just rip a branch off and whip the shit out of me when I misbehaved. Once i hid his signature cane, he improvised and borrowed my mom's 3 foot ruler. My dad obliterated my FIFA 2001 CD just because I played it during weekdays. Anyhoo, point is, we're not far off in terms of crap we get from parents for doing shit. But personally for me I do believe it made me a much more decent adult.
This article is full of shit. All it said was replace lowest temperature with most erratic weather. Coverage.my is a stupid clickbait website. Of the times I've read their article nearly all of them were misleading and provocative.
thanks for the clarification. have an upvote.
Am thinking of freelance...i guess I'll start with website first? Coding seems so complicated.
If ur working at the upstream then yes, it may be wobbly for the next couple of years at least. If downstream, not so much. Still steady.
