I think arbaless/Alvarez is to aracitacia as fiore is to ishgar Kingdom to continent (multiple kingdoms on each continent) like Jura was the best Mage is fiore during the 7 year gap but only fifth on ishgar
Regardless of how you feel about Obama I think he will serious historical credit for the abuse (and racism) he put up with while president.
I think that's part of the theme. Like the nether the Jedi or the sith are perfect, one is too selfless and other too selfish
Watch the episode where erza learns magic, it's also really about believing and people with it in their blood have an inclination. Also Laxus would kick your ass for assuming he's good cuz if his parents.
Congrats don't quit!!!!!
Santorums always cum from behind
What year is this, 2012?
Cringe within a cringe, they just incepted this shit
Ds9 all the way
Where did u get it this bottle? The place I go to doesn't have the port wood edition. Also it's too bad the port took a bitter turn cuz sweetness properly mixed in could amazing.
W..wh...what?!?
I personally think the over choreographed scenes were incredible, the power and skill of the super human Jedi was felt. Also we got to see stuff like opposing force pushes.
I disagree and I think you're nit picking. The scene with maul vs obi wan 1 on 1 was unreal in terms viciousness and killing lust. Personally the new movie had terrible fight scenes to me. The swinging was nonsensical and it wasn't fun to watch (BESIDES how awesomely Rey was just beating that ass) Also IF it's individual moments destroy scenes for you then literally every original storm trooper scene is idiotic, the whole assault on the death in stupid for how exposed the x-wings were but never died, obi wan vs darth is pathetic. But idk you gotta learn to love the parts that cross the unrealistic line for you as much as anything otherwise you end up a mountain of salt.
That's nonsense. The light saber duels from the original trilogy wee limited by the animation of the time and were "more methodical". Also New Hope barely had a plot (most of the plot was made up after its success) and was just a film featuring the newest and best special effects.
I read AoT and frankly after the most recent chapter, fuck that manga. It's pacing has gone from slow and intense to George r r Martin disrespectfully slow.
Please tell your friends gf she is legit a saint. Like she kept talking to him but never got aggressive or tried to prove a point she was just nice.
Stellar, nice word choice
So less established?
What bothers me isn't that this story is real but that someone actually told it too sound real
Jellal cuz during gmg jellal knew he could beat Jura while Laxus was unsure.
But that's the thing they actually know. Like watch interviews with people buying. Sir you know you're chances are low right? Yea. How you know how low? Really low. There many things that need work but monitoring shifty spending choices is not one of them.
Would be interesting to be see Thor be shaped to be centered around the Marvel version cuz most myths are reformed heroes. If you think about now more people probably know Thor from marvel iterations than anything else, the only question is staying power.
It was filler plus mashima said somewhere he regretted the lack of Laxus during Tartaros.
How so?
Like it's painful
