Haha wow. You literally just murdered their entire team twice over!
Although very rare, there do exist a number of Devil Fruit users whom use their abilities to benefit society instead of using them for combat. Its just that a lot of Devil Fruit owners tend to be combatants because they occur naturally only within the Grand Line where strength is a major requirement. Mansherry's Heal powers come to mind. She's pretty much resolving her entire country's post-disaster first aid problem by herself. Other examples include Kuzan's Ice powers let him build structures to rescue stranded refugees, Magellan's Poison which makes him the perfect (vice) Warden and Ivankov whom uses his Hormone powers to cure people.
I remembered being a bit perplexed when they revealed the epithets of the Four Emperors, and that Charlotte Linlin's was "Big Mom". I wondered what the story behind a title like that could be, since its a bit weird to label a pirate that. I sure as hell didn't expect it to be so literal! A 120+ member family all directly descended from her!? DAMN! She's like OP's version of Genghis Khan!
ROTOM DEX!? AND IT TALKS!? C-can we battle with it? Also Kukui's assistant is super cute too. Hau and Lillie both look to be potentially great Rivals.
Junkrat really made all that happen. Not only dud the mine bounce save the team's Hanzo, but it also made this ridiculous POTG happen.
Yeah. If he wanted his wallhack so badly he should've just played Widowmaker or Hanzo.
The PIN only applies with to one player and everyone else gets knocked away. However if they are unfortunate enough to still get caught between the wall and charging Reinhardt (likely due to very close proximity), they will be squished as well and take the full charge damage. I once got a POTG by using the ult and charging down a Roadhog in Kings Row. The one charge managed to net me 3 eliminations from 80-100%.
No excuses for the Pharah and 76 who decided to jump down from the safety of the higher platform into the freeze field.
Between screwing up an item run on M-Abomasnow's comp and repeated failures to capture Kingdra (finally Great Balled it), I've burned quite a lot of money. Luckily its a rather relaxed week. Does anyone have details on Kingdra's Whirlpool ability? From my experiences its a rather simple "delay for 1 turn" type ability, but seems to feature an alarmingly high proc rate. It triggers frequently on 3-matches, and almost always on a 4-match.
Not quite. Paralyze has a lower trigger rate and has some types immune to it, which limit its effectiveness. Fairy and Electric are two examples of types immune to Paralyze effects (which makes Registeel pretty awful).
Well it goes Double, Triple, Quadruple, Quintuple. Since they normally all rattle off one after another in quick succession (Bastion players should find it familiar), having the massive sound streak end in HEXA KILL probably sounds rather underwhelming.
Considering the mere idea of a caviar flavored hotdog is making me cringe, this is a very apt analogy.
Buggy would probably stand to benefit more from Rokushiki than any other character we've seen to date. Shigan gives practically every small split part significant pierce damage potential and allows for unexpected attack angles (think Bara Bara Carnival with that) Geppou lets his feet fly, expanding his area of effect to greater ranges. Rankyaku would be fantastic when combined with his weird kicking angles (Bara Bara Senbei would be really interesting.) Soru makes him really slippery and difficult to pin down. Kami-e is the kicker. Paper physics would amp up his dodging ability like mad, making his individual parts act super weirdly and making fighting him the equivalent of attempting to punch a cloud of floating scrap paper. The only useless one is Tekkai, but that's more due to how Buggy's Fruit has insane potential as a dodging type fighter that can attack from super weird angles. Even then it has use as Buggy's independently floating parts bypass Tekkai's drawback of being incapable of moving, allowing him to harden his body parts for harder strikes.
Inferno Cop is here!? And he's not being used for zany comedy!? He's actually giving serious, plot relevant advice and counseling? This is madness!
I think the biggest problem isn't that its bad, but more than its a bit dull and decidedly average. And Ace Attorney being dull is the absolute last thing it should be, considering this is the game where you can cross examine a parrot. The biggest issue is the competition. The current season is full of zany, absurd anime (Space Patrol Luluco, Sakamoto), highly stylistic action (My Hero Academy, Kabeneri), character focused pieces (Kiznaiver) and "so bad its entertaining" works (Lost Village, Hundred) that Ace Attorney just ends up without any niche. The plot has literally been around for 15 years, and since its a direct adaptation there aren't any of the shocking twists and swerves that endeared us to the series in the first place. The result is that AA fans lose interest in it because they already know what's going to happen, and that non-fans won't take interest because there's a massive wealth of other unique shows this season that AA ends up being slightly forgettable.
FOR SCIENCE!
Praise Anarchy.
Isn't there a cap on the coins you can earn though? It may not be worthwhile for mobile players.
Out of curiosity, doesn't that mean slugging your guy in the stomach pretty much disables him for quite a while? Your Quirk doesn't specify physical enhancements.
Yep! Big One Piece fan here, and I loved Bellamy's Bane Bane Fruit powers, though I felt he underutilized its potential in many ways. However, I took inspiration from a myriad of other sources to further develop the power; Hitmonlee's limbs in Pokemon, Mario's Spring powerup in Galaxy (for terrain traversal), Luffy himself when it comes to force absorption and a healthy dose of physics. Springs can pack a shocking punch to them, on account of being massive force multipliers. It feels like a very simple power that manages to be similarly flashy and powerful, and I designed it similar to Iida Tenya's Engine in that it's a power you can realistically see used by a pro hero in the manga.
This is a really cool idea! I can actually see someone like this running around in U.A, and sounds like it'd make for a rather creative power too.
What an interesting idea. He's like Emporio Ivankov from One Piece. He's probably really confusing to be around though, since figuring out what pronoun to call gender-changed people can be difficult sometimes (speaking from personal experience with my friend's... sibling). What other pheremones can be generated beyond these types?
He's like Hagakure in a weird way. He's great at disguises and can be very difficult to find on short notice.
Considering we already have precedent for rock powers in the manga (Pixiebob's Flowstone) I'm surprised you are the first to think of it here. Elaborate more on the disadvantages, limitations, strengths and applications of the Quirk? More details the better, since it gives the OP a better idea of how you'd fight.
In terms of Quirk, definitely since he is capable of absorbing blows and negating forces. However, remember that many other factors are present in a fight and that having a stronger Quirk doesn't guarantee a win. Remember how Stain took down Todoroki super easily despite the latter having an advantage? Also notice how both OCs powers apply only to their limbs. Central body's fair game, which is a really big target. You can bet that's where they'll be aiming for in a slug-out.
