Dude, at least ten teams need to lose to get you guys in.
Somehow, I don't think life is the appropriate word here.
Based on what I know, Raiders and Chargers. Willingness of at least one of them to switch conferences, the league can force the Rams to switch too, and St. Louis has the only remotely logical stadium plan out of the three cities, which almost forces the owners' hand.
I dunno, I kinda thought it was a good idea. Can't put my finger on why, though...
You guys just had an aging quarterback who pushes his limits to dangerous extremes. The Colts' meltdown is plain dysfunction.
...Are those custom Cowboys jerseys?
...It was more because they botched it against the Patriots, really. I was just being an ass.
Well. We're fucked. Of course, that's assuming the Chiefs don't have their way with us first, 'cause God knows Houston can't stop 'em!
Realistically, I expect the Broncos to play the Steelers, and us to shit the bed against the Chiefs.
It literally depends on whether Dalton is healthy. Otherwise we're bound to a Chiefs loss.
Could you go into more detail about why Denver will beat Pittsburgh? I mean, besides Peyton, what's so different about the Broncos' offense between week 15 and the Divisional Round?
I dunno, I think we should be rooting for the Patriots to make it in. There would be the 31st and 32nd picks remaining for the draft, and we already lost our first-rounder, so the Patriots making it in would change nothing whether we win or lose. Which of course means Roger Goodell loses, plenty of reason to root for the Patriots.
Sound logic, except Jerry Jones has a history of glorifying problematic players.
I would also like to know what's so different about the Steelers' offense versus the Broncos' defense.
What do you mean by "another team?" Because the only thing I can think of is him building the stadium to sell the operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers with him owning the actual venue to use for concerts and whatnot, plus the shopping area around the stadium, but that's just crazy.
I'm just happy as long as the Patriots get there because it'll more or less negate our lost draft pick.
The difference is that Kraft actually *owns* the Patriots. I'm talking about Kroenke selling operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers.
This after the Wells Report determined the team itself had nothing to do with it! That's why I'll be pissed if we don't at least make it, because win or lose, it wouldn't change anything for the NFC team and would make Goodell look like an idiot.
Yes.
Ah, okay. The question though is if the league will let one owner own the stadium where two other teams play.
But there's a salary cap in the NFL, so assuming every team has the same money to spend, I don't see a problem talent-wise. Of course, it'd probably devalue the Raiders and Chargers by a fair bit, so...
I think Yoda mentioned it in Phantom Menace, though. "Only two there are, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice." I may be paraphrasing, but the point is it's canon there's only two Sith.
Also, I believe most pre-Episode I EU material is still considered canon, if not all of it. It's just stuff past VI that's been phased out with The Force Awakens.
The way I understood it, most fans consider historical content still canon since it all comes before Phantom Menace. But I guess that's what I get for getting my info from TV Tropes.
Good. Maybe next year we'll get an OC with a less injury-prone scheme. Not that the defense has had better luck there...
