I am blind, disregard
I always thought it was ppl making shit up on the internet trying to low-key say their dick was real big
Pretty unfair on Kapil Dev, Srinath and Zaheer
What a snorter. Sree was awesome in SA
Curry or Kyrie
Don't forget salt and food products too But TATA is just one company that does a lot of things but there are lots of companies that do that in India (reliance etc)- not really a monopoly. Things are getting pretty similar here in the US with the proliferation of influential companies like Google. I wouldn't be surprised if we saw Google insurance and health services in our lifetime.
I don't live in a bubble, I live in Detroit lmao
Cavs are in the east though. With Lebron they are guaranteed to make the ECF if not the finals every year Even without Lebron, a kyrie and love led team would be a high seed in the east most probably. OKC lost KD, still had Westbrook putting up insane numbers, and didn't even make the playoffs
"ENHANCE"
Almost every morning ask for the weather for the day while still in bed. Setting alarms, timers, and reminders. Most useful to use while connected hands free over Bluetooth in my car- use it to listen to texts, place calls, and even set navigation. Have always wished that Siri would be used with Spotify, but looking forward to apple music to finally make use of this
Or Tendulkar getting Man of the Tournament in the 2003 WC after India lost in the final
He's good
I don't think he's leaving Chicago at all but I would love him in Pistons blue. He's the next Paul George type player in our league
Add Bradman to that list and Lillee to bolster the bowling lineup
Great prices! Hope you had fun
This reminds me of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire. All the champions of the past recalled one more to fight to death one more time, some clearly stronger than others yet each are champions in their own right. In a sense it is a bit unfair to pit them against each other. These are the teams clearly best against their contemporaries during their time and should be respected as such.... But it's still fun to think about
People always underestimate Detroit in general.
still in mi-ah-mi - drake
Probably the clippers. But why go west when he has almost guaranteed final entry in the east
This dude's name is Ebola?
Honestly one of my favorite lines from the album lol
It's really not that difficult
I have been "that guy" before that has batted at 11, didn't bowl, and wandered about in the outfield for 50 overs. Dropped a catch that game too I believe.
Have they already signed DeAndre? If not then there is your solution. If they have a S&amp;T could work too. But this is all hypothetical. Lebron going to LA is a 1/1000 possibility.
I'm all for celebrating a win and what not but sportsmanship is the cornerstone of well, sports. It's alright to be happy about your own achievements but no reason to bash the other team (IMO)
