All things being equal, sure. But I doubt these women live in a world where they can turn to their husbands, families and community and say 'oh, I'd rather drive thanks', and simply take their children to another school. Certainly not without some kind of consequence. I think most people choose to not cause the fuss. To do what is expected and what their family and community say is 'right'. I'm not sure I want to see the government stepping in. I'm not sure what that could even mean. Certainly while we allow faith schools then this kind of thing can happen. Therefore criticism by outside parties is all we really have and saying 'problem identified and easily avoided' does nothing but enable the situation.
But... They're not all symmetrical.
It's a great moment. Olly's been simmering with discontent and at this moment show watchers perhaps feel he's listened to Sam and maybe changed his mind about it all. Well... he certainly heard the words and is now going to do what he thinks is right. I suspect he's not the only discontent member... and perhaps they've all been talking.
&gt;As I watch a scene where ice zombies fight giants, as men with magical swords shatter the lords of the undead, I look upon the mother unable to put a knife through wight children and say, "that's a bit much, isn't it."
Tilt brush was definitely the one that most sold me on the vive controllers.
&gt;The Story Needs Closure They could put out a comic, animation, or single paragraph to explain what would happen. &gt;Tron Still Has A Faithful Following Not enough to sell the amount of tickets they need. &gt;Disney Needs To Support Original Sci-Fi A film with a sequel, numerous games and a cartoon series is the basis from which a new sequel will be 'original'?
There's a reason why Blair remains political poison for the Labour party.
To be fair, I now want Qatar to host the world cup.
I looked at it, but to be honest I'd want to use it on commercial projects and the time required to learn it makes it a risky proposition. Maybe in the future as you say :)
Lived in a flat in London that had mice. Put down glue traps. Caught cockroaches. Moved out.
I tried them. The entire thing has haptic feedback. Having a physical controller that is represented in the VR world also gives you a psychological anchor - you are holding something that you SEE in front of you. It's cool :)
Nice try, Sepp.
Sounds to me like he just wants more of the same. Like... literally. He wants it to look and play exactly the same. But with Jetpacks and parkour or some other stuff... Really the guy just wants Brutal Doom. Brutal Doom with Jetpacks.
Congrats, guys! We on the Colosse team were v impressed with your entry.
Thanks, Callum!
Awesome :) We updated it, and we're gonna continue to do so - as well as make some more. It's a nice way of making stories :)
I find this a frustrating opinion and one couched in tautology. VR is massively under represented by women, as is this sub, but from my experience women are just as enthralled by VR - and enthusiastic when they try it. We need to ensure we're not making the situation worse by writing off half the population as 'not interested', thus creating a self-fulfilling prophesy where women are made to feel that this is not a place 'for them'.
&gt;It seems the combinaison of tech/gaming just isnt very interesting for women in general, and its ok, Women love tech. Look at phones - women love phones. Games? [I'll just leave this here.](http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/sep/18/52-percent-people-playing-games-women-industry-doesnt-know) &gt;no need to force em to join us. This is of course fine and all - no one should be 'forced' to do anything. However as soon as talk moves towards 'encouraging' women to join in VR I encounter outright hostility to the idea. Look no further than the talk about Oculus Connect last year - an event that as an attendee I would characterise as an Official Sausage Fest. Suggestions were made that maybe it wouldn't be a bad idea to invite women's gaming enthusiast or developer groups along and the talk turned hostile. How dare those women get tickets OVER people who were actually interested! No one had done anything yet, but the mere suggestion that women be encouraged to join the sector was met by hostility. I sort of see why. It's not EASY to be a VR Dev - there's no market. Those involved are genuinely passionate about the medium and want it to grow and be amazing. The idea that someone not 'passionate' about VR to get involved should get some kind of 'special treatment' seems unfair. This is horribly short sighted. This is not about some arbitrary PC 'agenda' or 'quota'. From a purely capitalist point of view we want as wide a customer base as possible to enjoy and buy into VR - and half the population is women. It's also about a diversity of creative input. This isn't just limited to women. People from a different background will have different ideas - and the more viewpoints we have the more exciting the VR space will become. I'm all for encouraging women to join in. The more the merrier. If that means actively campaigning to diversify the VR space then fine. Rejecting any efforts to do so as 'unfair' or 'PC gone made' or whatever is short sighted at best.
I don't agree. Promoting a business sector to a particular demographic in order to get them involved to a greater degree is not 'infantalising' - it's the very basis of much of the advertising industry.
&gt;The vast majority of people (male and female) have smartphones because they're useful, but few people are enthusiasts about phones I would contend that there are plenty of women who are interested in the specifics of the technology of phones and are enthusiasts, but let's move along... &gt;few people are enthusiasts about phones: keeping up with new developments, knowing technical differences and reasons for getting one model over another, etc etc You believe that we need to ensure VR is restricted only to those who are enthusiastic about the tech specs? That seems massively short sighted - and also completely at odds with the intentions of every single company currently looking at selling VR to the world. Meanwhile there are plenty of guys who buy phones who buy them because they are the next 'cool' thing, rather than because of specs. But again - why should it matter? Women buy phones, iPads, cars, TVs and every other catagory of device. Technology is not a barrier. It's not even bizarre to target technology at women: http://www.gamnesia.com/news/nintendo-will-focus-on-attracting-female-customers-to-3ds-in-japan-this-yea - Nintendo managed great success in targeting the wii at 'family', thus expanding the reach of games as a whole. They failed to follow it up of course, but they did a great job in the Wii's life span. What other concerns might we have? That there are not enough female devs perhaps. I have met plenty of female devs and producers interested in VR, so there is no inherent barrier to women being involved in development - but still there could be more. VR is a creative medium - as is Film. Film is also a highly technical field, so there are similarities there. From the link below: http://www.wmm.com/resources/film_facts.shtml &gt;In 2012, women comprised 18% of all directors, executive producers, producers, writers, cinematographers, and editors working on the top 250 domestic grossing films. This represents an increase of 2 percentage points from 2010 and an increase of 1 percentage point from 1998. Even in film - a medium a century old - we are seeing a steady increase in female talent behind the scenes, and yet it is still far more representative than VR, let alone tech industries as a whole. There is no reason why the percentage of females working in VR cannot reach the same level as in film. The benefits are clear both creatively and commercially, but the negative reaction to even the SUGGESTION that more women be merely ENCOURAGED to join in - not given a free pass, or any additional help, just encouraged - I think is more illustrative of why women may feel unwelcome in tech spaces than anything else.
I've been reliably informed that whatever I do I should never go back there.
Varys' intention is to continue Cersei's disastrous reign in order to allow his chosen Dragon to return to a chaotic mess. I think this still works with Varys being the trigger man - he's ensuring Dany is set to return to Westeros in the best position possible.
Your metaphors are horribly tortured, but I understand what you are grasping at. However, you seem to be suggesting that due to a lack of demand FROM women that it is pointless to GENERATE demand from women. This is pretty silly. Companies look to expand their markets to different demographics all the time. Nintendo expanded into the entire family with the Wii and the 3DS sells very well to girls. This is no ACCIDENT. They targeted women because they want to sell to them. Same goes with ANY product.
lol I don't think you understand how business works at all, but good luck to you and good day, sir.
/r/iamverysmart ;)
