I felt the feels
I just hope it's not another cat :(
6pm in NYC...what's the problem? Looks normal to me. Every road red with an accident...check.
He was highly flawed, but you see the world through his eyes so it is very easy to relate to him.
He was a gray character in Life of David Gale. While for altruistic reasons, he allowed some really shitty stuff to go down.
I would argue he was the good guy in Glengary Glen Ross. You might have hated how he chewed out Jack Lemmon, but he was just doing his job as head of the office. Also it was one of my favorite roles of his: he was relatively unknown and surrounded by Legends of acting. Yet he was able to shine as brightly as every one of them.
41yo here. Loved the Farcry series. Also Fallout so far. Yet, I am a patient gamer, I can wait till it goes on sale. I am still waiting for GTA V to drop to 30 or less (we'll see what happens during the summer sale)
The ones that got me were: Of course I cheated and I had every right to because.....
Only with guys shitlord...if you want to prevent rape culture, feminists should only date feminists, even if straight. If you have straight sex, you are contributing to the patriarchy. ^am ^I ^doing ^this ^right?
7) some do, but it's usually more women who will shame other women who are sexual. I don't see it much anymore with the younger crowd.
This is a retarded article... Come at me xir!
Someone seems to be trying to make another go at it, even if not the original group.
Doesn't mean a bunch of kids are trying to get another one going. I mean, their parents will pay for a lot so who knows. I guess we will see when the times comes.
Same show: Pounding the pussy: http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7uxj6vwAb1qciqjmo1_500.png
This made me very uncomfortable. Can I yell triggered yet?
Now you did it Shitlord. Now that you have apologized, I can refuse to accept it and bash you even further for no reason other than to espouse my superiority. I have to be doing this right by now.
They'll find the driver. Cases like this get solved. Way too many cameras around and kid dying is high profile.
After the blood bath it fell apart to me. It just never carried the momentum and skill as the first half of the movie. Ben Foster's role was great though and worth it just for that.
The mods of that group were a-holes themselves and were not that great. I don't know if they participated in the transgressions, but let's not kid ourselves. It was a shitty sub that was run terribly. Had the Mods had any control, they would not be in the position they are in now. I do know that there were pics that were stolen from certain sites and it took a lot of effort to get them taken down. One site was a BDSM social site where the pics are the property of the site and the poster. It was posted by a member who was basically a FPH type guy and called out for being an ass to other members on the site. As revenge, he thought it would be a laugh to post their photos on FPH. This is DANGEROUS, as it basically outed people who might have had their livelihoods damaged.
Imagine if Feminists were as disgusted with females who: cry rape to get back at men when no rape occurred or they just regretted it later; faked pregnancy so they can keep their boyfriends (also the women who sell used pregnancy tests to these females) ; who want out of a marriage and then claim abuse so they can get an edge on child custody or alimony; who verbally attack other females for not agreeing with their definition about how the world works; If they did all this, feminism in the west would not have the negativity associated with it as it does today. Then we could all work together to build and maintain an egalitarian society where the measure of a person's worth is not based upon race or sex, but on their actions and deeds.
Instead of a station, how about a planet? Also they could have a funeral with a funeral space barge you can follow for a few jumps till it hits the orbit of the memorial planet. It then shoots the remains to the planet (just like in Star Trek 2). I think it is okay for a planet, as there are many planets with just (planet 1b, ect) as the name.
Let's be honest here. Once the pain started, he was already at an advanced stage. With Cancer and other diseases, you need to get screened BEFORE signs show up. This is part of what the ACA was designed to do. If you have any health insurance that is ACA compliant your check ups and screenings are free. Everyone, find a time to go for your yearly physicals and don't wait for the last minute. PS: Sorry for your loss
Reminds me of the CK Louis joke where the doctor was like "Yea he probably has a bunch of tumors in his head."
No, you see. Guys are supposed to make any advances. Although, if you are wanted, it is reciprocated, and if not, then you are a rapist.
[another love story](http://imgur.com/555hb3D)
