My story is fairly long. My first few businesses didn't have any employees although I did have partners. I've funded companies a variety of ways, including Kickstarter and out of my own pocket.
Nice job! You've learned a valuable set of lessons here that you will look back at in the future.
I really think it depends on the person. I would just advise to enjoy the journey as much as possible.
Yeah man, those motorcycle clubs aren't paying their fair share!
Dunno, but we won't recognize any of the jobs. In the same way someone from 150 years ago would not recognize many of the jobs today (what's a computer?) Most people were farmers! What are all those farmers going to do! Oh no the sky is falling!
&gt; This is the root mechanism of inequality of outcome which we see today: people do not effectively asses their own position and what is in their best interest and they make decisions from a position of informational asymetry which yields a sub-optimal outcome. Or ever. E.g. some people never thinking about what's in their best interest. They just live day to day, surviving.
Dunno but I tell my kids to start businesses and not go to college unless they want to be a doctor.
Don't worry, they stream people out of the college track early in Germany.
Agree on both points. Like what do you do with people that clearly simply want to live like animals? Some people do. Do we take them out of that situation "for their own good" or do we let them make their own choices and suffer the consequences?
I don't get it. Why would you put up with that? I would have simply withdrawn and then send the essay to the local media for publication instead. With some choice commentary.
I'm very familiar with what these companies pay as I'm in the tech industry. Amazon will pay programmers fresh out of school $100k a year in some cases. Basically $64k is below even the bottom of the scale for most tech jobs.
It's not crazy to regroup, recapitalize and rethink about your next thing. Having a 9 to 5 job for me is like a stress relief potion compared to running a company. Last time I worked for anyone else was June 2008 and I doubt I'll do it again, but before that I was on/off for 15 years...
It's already done. I don't know what Dave would say but not just be aggressive about paying it off first? You don't have other debt right now, pay this house off, then go buy a new house. Bam.
Until Mr. Fusion gets stolen by the great khan and they have to figure out how to power the Tesla some other way.
I like doing BI with a negative income tax. So the short answer is that everyone else pays. Over time though I've started to think that a sovereign wealth fund might actually be the correct solution. Basically just slowly build up a fund that generates income. Split that income amongst everyone.
Hit the gym, start fliring with other women, make less time for her. If that doesn't work, then it's over.
Not a helluva lot. I just sold my 2009 C6 with 56k miles and it was pretty much perfect. Seat wear was the biggest issue really.
Ok, so let's start with taxing oil extraction. Take a piece of every well that drills on US soil. That would generate a good start. This could could be built slowly over time. As we transition to post scarcity the fund gets bigger and the check everyone get's slowly gets larger.
I have some pretty decent image stabilized binocs I can use. I was more thinking a drone but it might be too far.
The author of Snow Crash just came out with a new book called Seveneves.
I'm good enough, I'm strong enough and gosh darnit, people like me.
When I was 21 I bought myself a brand new Mustang Cobra. The car wasn't unaffordable to me but I leased the damn thing because I didn't know what I was doing. Definitely took a bath on that one and learned my lesson. Today, many years later, I'm on my 4th Corvette (currently a 2015 z06).
Telling poor people to get bachelor degrees like that someone is going to make them wealthy is stupid. If you are poor you have a lack of money. Getting an education *could* be a way to earn more money, but it's fairly indirect. So we are lying to them like it says, blatantly. However, telling young black people that no matter how hard they work they will never get ahead is even worse. What kind of message is that? Life is tough and if you definitely won't get ahead by coasting.
Using an emergency fund isn't a bump, it's expected. It should constantly be getting filled. Divorce is a bump.
It's not something I would be terribly concerned with. Most drivers seem fairly passive anyway, more passive drivers is fine. Beside I'm sure the aggression can be turned up if that's needed in some situations.
