Sounds good. Had any good free food recently?
&gt; evil, that they're all millionaires, or racist How is being a millionaire lumped in with being evil or a racist? I don't get the anti-wealth sentiment at all.
The 'herbal' is superfluous: http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=jazz+cigarette
It's not bad, but Orange Juice and Lemonade is an awesome mix.
Spot on I think. I am by no means wealthy myself, but I view those who are as successful / talented. Sure some people get their wealth passed on to them, but if I was successful, I'd want my earnings to go to my kids so they could also have the best start in life.
Ouch; poor you. The games industry is thankless world.
I think the notion that you should aim to not drink for 2 days a week is a good one, it's very easily to follow and probably does you a lot of good, if you do drink every day. That said, the idea on a number of units a day, and especially lowering that limit for men, is not so smart. Many people I know, including myself, don't drink frequently but tend to drink a lot when we do. For better or worse, getting pissed is a national pass time. What ever guidance is given out should somehow incorporate how frequently getting pissed is safe to do. Simply labelling anything over 3 pints as binge drinking is a sure fire way to get the guide ignored.
He was more or less right too: http://i47.tinypic.com/2qvcw79.jpg
Speaking personally, after an substantial acid trip the last thing I want to do is trip again; to be honest to go 'back in' within 24 hours is like not even getting head straight in the interim.
No, I don't know if I'd feel comfortable with that. Usually by the end of the peak I am right about ready to return to normality. Especially if I've had any 'passage of time' perception alterations -- which I always do. I could see myself doing it with shrooms, I don't feel half as depleted afterwards as I do on acid and the shorter trip time would allow some recuperation between trips.
I've been to Nashville (6), and I can tell you that this list is a load of shit.
Nah, you just put your towel over theres. Claim you never saw theirs (Varpiss dich!) and then when they've gone you've bagged yourself a free towel.
Except labels have per 100g and per serving values.
Sugar is getting scape-goated for our shittylife styles so hard.
&gt; every single one of us acted more responsibly How can you except a collective (the populous) to act with more responsibility, when we've made it abundantly clear that 'the state' will mop up the mess and foot the bill.
That we should have an actual free market? I don't think that's the vibe I got from the top level comment.
Yeah, I agree 'serving size' is utterly arbitrary and almost always too small. Coca-cola (for example) know full well you're not going to split that 500ml bottle with anyone, why is a serving size for 250ml.
Yep, this is what I thought, this is also why I look suspiciously at the 'NHS is the most efficient system in the world' type arguments. You don't have to look far to see obvious ways in which it could (should!) be improved.
Why would you blame privatisation when it's the private sections of the NHS who are doing it best? IE it seems to be privately managed GP surgeries who are actually installing the notification infrastructure. That makes utterly no sense to me.
Not following, sorry. Sounds like a load of lowest common denominator BS to me. &gt; Only profitable surgeries will do stuff like this. Or surgeries who can see that they'd probably be profitable if less appointments were missed?
Don't eat off the track, problem solved.
I do it the other way round. 105 groupset, Ultegra and DA consumables. For some reason I find that the chain and cassette seems to make the biggest impact to shift quality.
The operating companies are running monopolies on the lines. What makes you think the government would be any more or less efficient?
&gt; but at least use accurate and fair comparisons. Is that with any sort of rail card or advance booking? I think my comparison is fair: Manchester to York is 90mins, an off peak single is £27.50. That's a single train to go 70 odd miles. What's worse is that in the evenings and weekends the Transpennine trains are utterly rammed, you're lucky to be able to sit on the floor, more frequently your are stood packed like sardines.
The Armenian Taverna and El Rincon come to mind.
