to be fair, i'm 26 and i'd do exactly the same thing
don't just rush head on into battle, hang near the back of the group and get an idea of how the game plays on the first match, second match unleash hell and rek everyone
Try soldier 76, he's a more generic run and gun character, but he also has healing abilities so he can be a great support. When you play as a support character like that you'll be watching what the rest of the team is doing to work out who needs healing/where your fire power will be useful and that will help you to work out the best ways of playing as more complicated characters. When you're on the attack side and the defense are all waiting outside your spawn when the start timer hits about 1 second drop your heal pool just outside the spawn door, this can help offset a bit of damage and make sure your team don't get raped in the opening seconds of the game. Also once you gain control of a hill, drop the heal pool in the middle of it when the enemies push to recapture, this can help people survive a little longer. When your team is pushing the car forwards drop a heal pool ontop of the car, that gives you a moving heal station while its active
The game looks good. Call of Duty is absolutely crippled by nostalgia to the point where no cod will ever live up to the first one you fully hit the grind on with your mates. The game has changed and improved and experimented every year, some things have hit some have missed but nearly every COD has been good fun and im sure this one will be too. I'll definitely be playing it like i do every year and also alongside overwatch and CSGO.
inb4 he falls off the map
When I switched from the Xbox One to the PS4 I really missed my astro mixamp M80, it was awesome! really wish they'd made it for the ps4 as well
but if you got gold after every match, a lot of people would have unlocked everything the game has on offer, there are already people that are level 100
so nerf the easiest champions to kill
make sure that your TV is not set to overscan, if overscan is on thats probably whats causing the issue
it will probably be in one of the picture menu's just keep looking. overscan over compensates with image size and it usually ends up too big for the screen, had that problem with my google chromecast
you can select to show the killfeed in the options menu, for some reason its not on as standard
Cal of Duty is absolutely crippled by the nostalgia factor. People always fondly remember the first cod game they grinded on with their mates and no matter how broken it was nothing can ever live up to it. Like go back and have a go on MW2 now, I wasn't mega keen on it when it was new but playing it now its absolutely awful.
I didn't think it was possible until I saw that the multiplayer reveal for Infinite Warfare won't be until September, this game desperately needs a beta to convince people that things will be ok and it looks like that may not happen
Of course you should wait, we've no idea what it'll actually be like yet we've just had speculations, and even if you still just want the normal PS4 waiting for a lil while after E3 would be smart as we'll probably get a price drop depending on the neo release date
Also if you're on the xbox vs ps4 dilemma, its even more important to wait, the Xbox One, as much as I love it and it was the first of the current gen machines that I bought, just simply isn't as good as the PS4, with or without exclusives
Nothing says classic boots on the ground action like flying blimps and planes, fucking infinite warfare
Kind of annoying that Blizzard doesn't sync stats between versions, I'd happily go and buy the PC version if my PS4 stats transferred over
Actually yeah I forgot about the Ult, that should at least be nerfed so that only she has it, and once you've killed a person when they respawn they don't glow red
then they all go on a company retreat *con air themetune starts*
Exactly why I got it on PS4, the second I saw how the game plays I knew the pc community would be toxic as fuck
Activision threatened to behead Vondy because people where having fun earning cryptokeys rather than buying them so now they're taking them away.
One is for gaming, one is for typing out moany arguments about how the PC is better :P
Would 100% ditch it if It had ads
No but they get all the DLC and stuff a month earlier than ps4
See I put lift, but then I thought americans might read it so I put elevator to avoid confusion haha.
