Looks like that neighborhood is racist.
Slight uptick in protests from the unemployed berniebot brigade and a more noticeable stench than usual.
She's a mess.
We already have plenty of violent thugs here, it's a shame we have to import thousands for the DNC. Is it too late to build a wall?
These republican voting, NRA card-carrying individuals are getting out of control. Can somebody please designate this block as a gun free zone?
So did the suspects vote for Bernie or Hillary?
Don't be silly, it's our privilege to be victimized because of race.
Build the wall ten feet higher!
If you don't bend the knee to Trump you're always welcome to leave and go somewhere like Mexico or the Middle East. Or are you some kind of bigot?
Can't tell if you're just a Bernout reeling from defeat at the hands of Crooked Hillary, but the entire basis of Trump's tax plan is to reduce taxes for the middle/lower class. And if you think we're spending a cent on the wall... well, it just got ten feet higher. The Trump train has no brakes.
Allow me to inject some critical thinking: if you total up all of the money spent each year combating illegal immigration, combined with the amount of foreign aid we send to Mexico, we could build whatever wall we want. The biggest wall. The greatest wall. Bonus: it creates thousands of temporary jobs. That's a real "shovel ready" project.
I'm waiting for them to spin this: "White Supremacist Trump Supporter Attacks Latina Reporter for Speaking Spanish"
Finally the SRT gets a little competition.
Sure but when she does it she's "mentally ill;" when I do it it's "sir please, I'm just as upset as you that Bernie lost"
I'm currently consulting with the DNC regarding the victim hierarchy, I'll let you know my findings.
"hm this guys wearing a t-shirt and jeans matches the description of a violent crime that was committed but we can't stop him because the suburban teenager on reddit might accuse me of being racist"
American pride is racist, can't do it
Extra security would be Islamophobic we better not
She should do a Top 5 Philly Gun Store ~~list~~ article next. Is there a Pats vs. Genos for AR-15s? We need to know.
"... and then we elected President Trump in 2016 and things began to turn around ..."
Holy fuck this is a real thing, I thought it was just making fun of that one guy's stupid typo. Fucking hipsters.
Why not just go all the way and make laws against murder then
Imagine the economic impact next year if they all just buy even one soda
"...and on your left you'll see poverty created by decades of democrats in power... on your right you'll see violence stemming from this poverty... Hillary 2016!"
Report: fuck off, we're full.
