If allowed by the car loan provider, I would also pay down the loan right away. It will probably save you on interest. Alternatively: an FDIC or NCUA insured savings account.
A 401k is not an IRA. Is the money in a 401k or in an IRA?
I would put some money in a 529. Maybe down the road she can get a heart transplant, maybe not even from another human-being but from her own cells. So, maybe also as a symbol of hope, I would open the 529 and put some money in. Otherwise, I wouldn't do a lot of other things. Keep saving for your retirement, keep the emergency fund at $30k, pay the co-pays.
I don't know how much the services of a CPA cost exactly, but I would say that for this particular year, with all these changes, it could very well be worth it. Maybe then from next year onwards, you can switch again to doing them yourself.
If both debts have roughly a 18% interest rate, then reducing that to 12% would be great (if there were no other fees for the consolidation process). If you have debts with very different interest rates, and the new rate you get after consolidation is the weighted average of the old ones, then consolidating probably increases the total amount of interest that you'll pay (consolidation can then still be a bit useful to make loans easier to manage, especially if you can consolidate 5+ different loans into one). Why you'll pay more interest? Imagine that you have $1k at 18% interest rate and $1k at 6% interest rate, and they offer you a consolidation rate with 12% interest rate. That's the weighted average, so that seems fair. But what that does, is that you lose the ability to first focus on the $1k at the 18% interest rate, and then be only left with a remaining balance at a much lower interest. Instead, you'll pay 12% during the whole duration of the pay-off process.
You're welcome. Perhaps you can wait a few more months, and during those months work on consolidating your side-income and on reducing your expenses? And on getting used to the idea of becoming self-employed...
I would like to help. But I have a few questions: What do you mean by "Have a job, but only half a year."? Did you get that job half a year ago, or do you mean you can only work it during six months of the year? (You can edit your post) What kind of annual (posttax/ takehome) income do you have with your current job (to see whether it could be possible for you to pay for transport etc)?
Sure. By the way, I saw your edit. I want to wish you good luck. You're still pretty young, and I've seen more people here, and in real life, who are trying to find their way in life at that age. Sometimes the first education doesn't work out, or for example (a friend of mine) got educated and then got an illness that prevented her from doing the job that she wanted to do and was educated to do. Sucks! Often it works out in the end (not always, but often). People find some work to do and often also develop within that new career. I hope that will be the case for you as well. Work hard, try to grasp opportunities, try to develop yourself. And I wish you the bit of luck that is needed as well.
Definitely check out the links that the AutoModerator provided. If you do not have any late payments or delinquent or defaulted debts, then your utilization rate currently is killing you. This will improve quickly once you reduce your debt load. Your new debt load is reported within a month, and then the credit score also changes to reflect the new utilization rate (debts divided by total possible debt). So you should see an increase of your score within a few weeks, every time you improve that utilization rate.
Then your current high utilization rate is influencing your score big-time. And that will improve soon after you start paying down your debts. By the way - have you checked your credit report recently? You can get a free credit report in Canada, I believe; don't know how exactly. You could check it to make sure there are no errors on it.
No, the markets don't average out every year to 6-8% returns. They do so over the years, and over many, many years. There are years with significantly higher returns (like 2014), and years with lower returns (like 2015). It's normal. The S&amp;P500 returned 1.2% for the year (included reinvested dividends), so your personal return seems similar to that. You should check out the 401(k) fund selection guide to make sure you have selected the right funds.
&gt; This fund has performed quite well over the past three years, averaging at about 12%. Over the past three years, Vanguard's S&amp;P500 fund returned 52% total, or roughly 15% per year. No front load, and an expense ratio of &lt;0.2% or so.
My idea was to let the old coverage (by Allstate) continue until you've got the new coverage confirmed. It will cost you a few bucks, but that's probably worth it for the reassurance that you're always covered.
The interest rate on your student loans is high enough to prioritize them over saving more for retirement. The interest rate on your car loan is lower, so if you've got any extra money coming in: put it towards the student loan, not the car loan. Http://unbury.us can be used to compare paying down the loan with the lowest balance first vs paying down the loan with the highest interest rate first.
Index funds are good. But target date funds often consist of different index funds. (Check the ones that your 401k will offer). What is withheld, and what you really owe in taxes, are two different things. So probably when you file your tax return, you'll get a refund because the company withheld too much on that bonus check. That often happens with a bonus check. I would check out the [W-4-calculator](https://www.irs.gov/Individuals/IRS-Withholding-Calculator) by the IRS to see if you should change your W-4-form to get less withheld in 2016 (on all of your paychecks).
1. small emergency fund, say $1k to $2k 2. pay off any debts with interest rates over 4-5% 3. if you get a match on your 457 from your employer, put in enough money to get the match (nothing more until step 4 is completed) 4. increase size of emergency fund to 6 months of expenses Actually, this is in the FAQ, see [How to handle $](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/commontopics)
Yes, this is the recent stock market. Sucks that you just got in now, but over the long, long run it'll be fine. Keep investing. And yes, also pay off your student loans, of course.
They way you want to do it, is not wrong. But if people have a low-interest student loan (say, $10k balance remaining @ 4%), if they have a good, stable job and are settled in a specific area, then buying a not-too-expensive house may make sense for them. For you, just go with paying down the student loans as much as you can as soon as you can. It's a smart move. (PS Also don't forget to keep a small emergency fund and to at least put enough in your 401k to get the full match that your employer gives (if they do match)).
I just want to say: you may get a small ding on your credit report for this, BUT it is not the end of the world. So don't panic. Do your job, do it well, and when you get paid, start making smart choices with the money (so: make sure to keep a roof over your head, to keep your belly full, and then to pay down the debts as much as you can with every pay check). It's a difficult period in your life right now, but you have a lot of opportunity to make it through. So no need to panic. Good luck!
"Deferred" means that you don't have to make payments right now. It doesn't mean that no interest is added to the balance. Go find out what exact status your debts have!
I would focus on paying it off as soon as you can. Maybe it's even possible to pay off in less than 10 years (if your salary keeps increasing). http://unbury.us could help you create a plan; see what an extra $200 or $500 per month can do to speed up the payment process (the difference can be bigger than you think).
What interest rate does the student loan have? What interest rate would the line of credit have? Generally speaking I would lean towards paying off the student loan slowly. Reason: they *can* suddenly deny you the use of the line of credit, and not give you that money. Then you could be stuck with no access to money. They cannot demand the full $3600 back from the student loan all in one go. So paying it back slowly means having more money in the bank for sure, which can be important to keep you going during your studies. But if the student loan is at 10% interest rate and the line of credit at 2%, I might take the risk of using the credit line instead of the student loan. Have you selected a new study that you think will work well for you? (Your interests, and your career prospects?).
You're a smart noob. And you're absolutely right.
I invest in index funds from Vanguard. You're talking about ETFs all the time, but I'm not investing in ETFs. There are enough index funds to choose from for Vanguard Europe. No, you can't invest in specific subsectors of the market, but I wouldn't do that anyway. I would go for diversified and global, and those index funds are offered by the European branch of Vanguard in Ireland.
Thirty stocks isn't very diversified, no. I can imagine the majority not doing well and also a significant percentage (like 10 or so) going bankrupt during a market downturn. So thirty companies is not a lot and not very safe. I would not sell the shares that you've got now, and I would assume the market will recover in your country, too. But I would indeed get international exposure and make your national market at most 10% of your total assets over the next five years or so (so mostly invest new money internationally). I live in the Netherlands, and I haven't even bought a Dutch-specific index fund; the "smallest" regional area I'm investing in is Europe.
