The cops clearly know they're there and ignore them. So your point doesn't make much sense. Why weren't the adults arrested/detained then? Because the cops knew they weren't a threat and reacted accordingly.
Fucking ketzero.
He still kinda has a point, he doesn't owe you your play style or your kill mails.
Not really.
Winner.
Are you? Obvious satire is obvious. Jesus kid.
Sounds like a kid. Writes like a kid. Tastes like a kid. Probably a kid, kid.
its' good for pew. C5 static to do some small scale jewing/gank, null for roams. I advocated heavily for some of my previous groups to move into a hole like that.
Well, the instant you replied you downvoted. So you were upset. You can try and play it off now, sure. But we both know the truth.
Send support a picture of your bank account status for them to unlock it on your phone.
Everytime I stop by PFR's systems they stay docked up in station, playing station games. For a group that doesn't care about killmails they sure seem like everybody else in existence.
Even when they "adapt" they're affected by emp, the duration is just shorter. Funnel them through a kill-zone with 1-2 emp grenaders, the rest with guns, usually makes short work of the mechanoids.
That one doesn't seem too bad, but some of the killmails I saw were literally all in the same minute. So yea, ban hammer.
Brown v Texas man...lol
What was this exploit?
I've never heard of appeals using jury, it's always just been judges.
In the reply from the OP with the conclusion, he's asking if anyone knows any no win/ no fee lawyers for a lawsuit. For a professional victim, wouldn't he already have these contacts on hand?
I was watching this video...and was thinking "Hey I know that voice". Then I heard Kira and was like "wtf ok this is crazy" Then I got my head out of my ass and looked at the post names.
Spotted the corporate shill.
Uh....15km was the keep at range.
The sun would provide the heat! Probably not enough but would be cool.
Just press Q. Works on any distance.
T1 nano. Don't those like...not even take any fitting?
Prosecutor was "not re-hired". Not fired or anything, just his contract was not renewed.
Why do you have that heretic flair.
