From the FB event page... &gt; Hoppy Anniversary to us! Join us as we celebrate our fourth anniversary Friday, June 19 and Saturday, June 20. &gt; We will be giving special commemorative glasses with our Wrecking Bar logo to the first 75 people through the doors Friday and Saturday. Come celebrate the Wrecking Bar Brewpub turning four! &gt; &gt; Beer list coming soon!
I knew I'd end up seeing this here. :)
Tower Piedmont.... &gt; Mexican Cake Update: Come by @TowerATL Piedmont from 8am - 11:45pm Tuesday 6/2 at register 1 to sign up for the lottery.
I understand the premise of your post but the issue here is there is always going to be someone that dislikes something that is popular for one reason or another. Like the aquarium, I love what they have there but it's always been a pain in the ass when I've gone because it's so crowded. I wouldn't skip it if you haven't been yet, but it can be a bitch to navigate.
I had this at BSP and at Three Taverns, IMO it's the best beer 3T has done so far and one of the better IPAs I've ever had. I really, really like this beer. I know everyone's palate is different but I would definitely say give it another shot some time. This is also a great example of how small changes can give you a totally different beer. I'd bet if you didn't know beforehand you'd never guess the only change between this and A Night in Brussels is the yeast.
I was wondering the same thing, I haven't seen/heard anything yet either.
I hope we don't hear of this one showing up in FL/AL/Etc. before GA like we have with the other Reserve releases. After the backlash on the last couple releases I'd have to think it was intentional if it happens again.
99x was the last great radio station I remember in Atlanta. I can't recall any specific song that was my favorite but I enjoyed most of it. I remember hanging out at the Atlanta Beer Garden for Resurrection Sunday. Good times.
I think it's neat to have local breweries included but have to agree that I just don't get the idea at all.
I really look forward to your insightful commentary on ATLbeer. Thanks for not disappointing.
&gt;they don't sell beer at Waho YET
Best. Interview. Ever.
Scott said he's still planning exactly how to do things. They've already got a drink cooler in the tasting room loaded with bombers and a note on it that says "Don't Open Until July 1st", so there's a hint at what we might see. The brewers and GCBG had a conference call yesterday to discuss what the regs say they can do and what they want to do, I imagine we'll hear more soon.
Like looking into a cloudless sky...
What's the preferred method there for heating/boiling?
Plastic fermenters are fine. That little Mr Beer fermentation barrel is actually handy for small, experimental batches. I know people rave about glass / stainless but I have several plastic fermenters and I make damn fine beer.
Looks like you had some replies but they were deleted, not sure if you got your answer. It's their Siberius Maximus imperial stout with vanilla, cocoa nibs and chiles added. Normally they release one keg on the 5th of the month for "Cinco de Siberius" at the brewpub. This is the first time I've seen it at a growler shop.
Had a buddy in from out of town last night and hit Wrecking Bar. Had a killer burger as well as their gose, saison, barrel-aged imperial red, and stout. Also tried Moon River Foras, amazing beer, try it if you get a chance. Sampling my homebrew ESB right now, pretty tasty. Doing the ATLbeer brew day and bottle share tomorrow and it looks like we've got a ton of amazing beers lined up for that.
SA and Koch are beer people to the core. He's a sharp business man but he's all about the community and he wants *everyone* to succeed. I don't think it's as much hate as it is indifference, a lot of self-proclaimed beer geeks don't reach for anything from SA because they want the next, latest, greatest, thing - and Sam Adams is too familiar. That's unfortunate because he's still making some great beers. In addition to helping people out during the hop shortage he also offers business mentoring and he has competitions for up-and-coming businesses to help them with funding. I've got a lot of respect for what they do.
I've bought grain by the bag via my local homebrew shop that they get as part of a large order with a local brewery. Everyone wins there. I'll pay $1.79/lb if I buy in small quantities but can drop that to $0.70/lb if I get a 50 lb bag. Saves me $10-$12 per recipe.
It sure is, I don't know why it doesn't get more hype. The burger itself is great but even the toppings are very high quality and fresh. My buddy saw mine and commented how red and fresh the tomato looked. Definitely a contender for best burger in town for me as well.
I'm going to this.
Although I'm sure there are some folks here that can give you pointers you'll likely get better info over at /r/nycbeer.
Thanks to all those that joined us for the event and huge thanks to Thomas at /u/SHBmarietta for hosting us. The brew day went well, to be honest Thomas did all the work while we drank - just the way I like it. The beer will be ready in about 6 weeks. Those that attended will get one 22 oz bottle each, once it's ready we'll work out logistics. So many amazing beers were shared. Highlights for me were the Wrecking Bar Mexican Siberius Maximus, Trillium Pier, HF Anna, Mexican Cake, Yazoo Deux Rouges, Epic Brainless on Cherries, and FW Velvet Mocha Merlin. **I know there were a lot of other pics taken so if you have some please post them up!**
LOL. /u/brianhewitt. He made sure it stayed in the pics. :)
