I hate sexual mods.
Ask them why they value things.
&gt;Somebody made a natural swimming pool &gt;somebody made &gt;natural
If you're good, the game doesn't punish you, it rewards you.
What is it about kids that they just don't get humour?
That would be infinitely better.
It's a magic trick. Misdirection. The main characters aren't the main characters, and the bad guy isn't the bad guy. Here's a pretty girl to distract you while we sleight of hand your money into our pockets.
Absolutely.
When you say feminism is about equality, but you *refuse* to use the term ~~*equalist*~~ *egalitarian* you are very loudly implying that males are the problem. THERE.
Grow a fucking spine. I don't demand Nightwing be fat because I have trouble not stuffing my fat face.
It's AMAZING.
It's more like... In real life while I'm perfectly able to steal money to get what I want, I choose to take the harder route and not steal.
Wait, you guys think the US president can actually do things?
[Dude...](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/X2ckO_VCxbU/maxresdefault.jpg)
All I said was it wouldn't have hurt to have the ad's "main character" be something different for a change. Why y'all riled up?
Play Fallout 3 or New Vegas in third person with the crosshairs turned off. Seriously, go try it. The whole experience is different.
The most noticable difference between the old ones and the Bethesda/Obsidian ones, in my opinion, is that in the first games, the whole americana art deco plastic fantastic retro future 50's vibe was more of a subtle background and menu kind of thing. The setting was just... a post apocalypse wasteland desert, played straight. It was more Mad Max than anything. Bethesda took that "cold war nuclear age" aesthetic and expanded it to be the entire tone of the game.
How fucking long was the movie in development?!
You know, that *is* really good, but not even from a comedy perspective. It's a heavy episode that deals with a lot of Bart's emotions and connections to other people.
Simple fibrous tissues made of protein chains. Fascinating.
Uhh, the standards are that religious nonsense should in no way ever supercede the laws of a nation because it's literally superstitious hogwash and I feel like I'm taking crazy pills having to stand around and nod an "yes of course your beliefs are valid" to absolute nonsense like it's real.
DO NOT. DROP OUT. OF SCHOOL. YOU FUCKING *MORON*.
No, they really aren't. Religions are a form of human culture. Because culture isn't what is written, culture is what is practiced.
&gt;Alternately, you can just go straight to the root of the problem: don't let players create characters who would reasonably work at cross purposes. But then I'm punishing them for badwrongfun.
I don't judge religions period. They're just false worldviews.
