And as someone who lives in a pretty healthy home, even the tofu and tempeh part alone makes me cringe--huge misconception that tofu and tempeh are the be-all and end-all for healthy food.
I may be downvoted to hell for this, but there are benefits to eating organic versions of healthy food (read: *not* organic food, period, but organic versions of already established healthy foods). A lot of the pesticides, herbicides and radiation treatment lots of produce get are often considered potential (*small*, but still potential) cancer risks. Plus, with all the controversy around pesticides and the increasing strength of the pests they're intended to ward off, having produce that doesn't use them is a means of attempting to relieve this. But more important than organic produce is organic animal products. With such huge instances of animal rights abuse in factory farms, where "organic" guarantees at least a certain degree of care and good treatment of the animals, one can see why it may have such wide appeal. Plus, it makes you think differently of the food you're eating when the animal it comes from has differences in the growth hormones its given, and the health of the animal before it's killed. Plus, it's just more ethical for the animals. Look, obviously in the best case scenario we'd all be vegetarians, and regardless of the situation the animals are still killed for our food. But hey, if you're going to eat meat, wouldn't you rather the animal have lived a more pleasant life rather than suffer in a factory farm with terrible conditions? So yeah, it's not completely confirmed that organic food is not in any way, shape or form healthier than conventional food. It also goes way beyond health reasons why people would switch to organic. QUICKEDIT: It is not confirmed that organic food is not healthier. It is, however, unconfirmed how big of the difference is and that's what skeptics go on about. EDIT: OK screw it, my definition for organic farming was very much wrong. Still, there are some differences in the same vein. But you have every right to criticize me for what I have specified as the differences.
A good rule is to try to keep the stuff mostly away from your own home. If they have breakfast and dinner at home with no junk, then even if they had a snack with every lunch at school, that's still not a terrible ratio. Also, keep in mind that sugar is addictive. Not just psychologically--studies on rats have shown it to be more addictive than cocaine. So I'd say that while your philosophy behind the balance is good, I think it might still be dangerous in warding their cravings for the stuff. In terms of offering an alternative plan outside of what I've mentioned? Well...I don't know. I'm in college right now, and I'm actually thinking every day on how I'm going to approach that once I'm married with kids.
At least according to the pre-order bonuses listed, the only ones that are exclusive to the pre-order are emotes. The others seem to be early unlocks. So...
Just go read the comments on /r/StarWarsBattlefront, or on YouTube, or pretty much anywhere else on the internet. You'll get happy again.
No, I'm saying /r/starwarsbattlefront is having the RIGHT reaction to it. And so is everywhere else. And did you just say the map looks small? Did you not see the range of spots the X Wings and snowspeeders were covering? The battle at any one time was concentrated in one or two areas but the map itself and the number of spots it had seemed HUGE. And the range of spots to fly in also seemed gigantic. And the battle at any one time often looked more hectic and intense than most battles in Battlefront 2 unless you were playing Coruscant or an XL battle. At any one time, it seemed like there were at least 15 people fighting in a single plot (which leads me to believe there might actually be bots or something).
The dessert map in Battlefield 3 is significantly bigger than Battlefront 2's Hoth though...and Hoth is the biggest map in that game. If Planetside 2 is your point of reference then nothing will match that!
It's complete chaos. There's no sense of tactical placement, just explosions and people dying and something could fall on you at any time and make you cry bullshit. Just like Battlefront should be :).
Yeah, I'm starting to believe that Atlus said, "Hey, let's just make an entirely new game that plays on every bad anime trope ever!" "But we promised them an FE and SMT crossover!" "Hmm...true...I got it! We name the characters those names, and just give them the right hair colors!"
I thought we were talking fruit salad, no idea why. Regardless, that suddenly becomes about 5 seconds of preparation instead (in that you just wash it then eat it!).
Oh God, I'm in the middle of Bravely Default right now (on Chapter 8). Awesome game, awesome story, cool characters, gorgeous art style, beautiful music, smooth and fun combat, etc. But right now I'm damn pissed about two things: 1) Fighting the Black Blades on Chapter 8. Screw the "My Hero" power so freaking much! I can't do shit against these guys! 2) You don't just replay the game's content once. Not twice. Not three times. Not four times. But FIVE times?! You can't be serious!!! I know it works with the story and all, but if it's not leading to a fun gameplay experience then change the story around it!
Oh right, I almost forgot about the fact that there's NG+. Well, maybe I'll go back to it eventually, but I have too large of a backlog to do that right now. I'm just trying to beat this game right now (100%ing it, mind you) so I can get to my other games lol.
I disagree. I think it's far worse. In Battlefront II, I'd always get massively bored when manning the AT-AT and I felt like I wasn't getting much done. With a snowspeeder though, making sure you can carefully and precisely do those tow cable runs without being shot either was always fun and intense. Not being able to do them and just watching a cutscene of it is hugely infuriating and loses a lot of that intensity.
Something I'd recommend is, if you want to start small, find three other guys (or girls, there are mixed versions) and start up a barbershop quartet! With a quartet you learn how to be especially precise with pitch, and how to match tone and resonance with others in harmony to create perfect "lock and ring" (you'll start hearing notes you four aren't even singing). Really freaking good arrangements are easy to come by, with stellar arrangements published by the barbershop harmony society at www.harmonymarketplace.com. They have unpublished ones too, but the arranger's fee is anywhere from $50-100 per arrangemement. Published ones are just around $3.50 each, and no less stellar either. Find a local barbershop chorus too. Pretty much, the songs they may sing are awesome, but what's even cooler is you can get into random quartets at any time with other members and start singing random songs you guys know (and trust me, once you're in a chorus you'll start knowing TONS of songs. I'm only a semester through my experience with barbershop and I know at least like 20 songs memorized, some on multiple voice parts. By October, that number will be up to about 30). Since you'll probably be in college soon too, quarteting can be maintained there, but you can also join a college a cappella group, or even form your own with friends (as others have mentioned, just start small with jamming stuff out and doing duets/trios). College a cappella has been one of the defining features of my college experience. Oh, and since you said you enjoyed Pitch Perfect, trust me when I say this: Pitch Perfect may be great, but it is not even *close* to the best stuff out there. Check this out, for example: Pitch Slapped - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_w4XRiUVfY4 Or this: BYU Vocal Point - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVA3iYJ_H5Y Also, in the realm of barbershop, here are three really awesome ones (two of quartets, one of a chorus): Crossroads: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u7mGjSZpdpk Vocal Spectrum: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SAeMOHlaVl4 Ambassadors of Harmony: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QmDGntpZC3I Here's a tip: don't stop listening to a cappella. One form or another.
You know, I'm gonna fight against this notion. He's playing WAY more interestingly than I've ever seen him before. Like, still a bit campy, but way less so than I've usually seen him.
Yeah, I was thinking that. You're exactly right, Smash 4's needs to be more ambitious. That being said, Smash 4 can benefit from the way in which MK8 handles all of its other features. Regional matchmaking included. That one is HUGE, and should be there in Smash 4 (where they arguably need it more).
&gt;perfect laser swordmanship Okay that's just not true. He had his ass handed to him every single time he picked that thing up.
I had only heard parts of it in the past but recently decided to watch the scene as it originally was, completely with that song. While I dislike most SE changes (except Ian McDiarmid in V, and giving Cloud City more scale, etc.), this is one I definitely appreciated. It just gave more closure to the entire trilogy because it's generally a more heartfelt, but at the same time epic ending to the trilogy. I think it also fits the rest of the music that appears near the end as well. [Here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AiM5zEEI_Jo) it is. Yub Nub feels like the ending to a movie. The SE finale feels like the end to a trilogy.
Disagree. While the combat certainly was improved in every way in ALttP, the exploration and satisfaction when finding something new is amazing. I only played that game for the first time a couple years ago, and it's my third favorite Zelda in the franchise (second is A Link Between Worlds, first is Link's Awakening).
&gt;Metroid games focus heavily on exploration so they're usually a bit vague, but the lack of a map and incredibly similar-looking environments made Metroid 2 completely unplayable for me. With Metroid 1 I could find my way through without a map because each room at least had different colors or different challenges that were mostly clearly distinguishable from each other. I knew that map super well by the time I was done with it and didn't really even use a map except for finding the varia suit. But Metroid 2...everything just looks the same, and some patterns are so similar to each other and some of the paths to where you have to go next are a chore to find. Stopped about a third of the way through it. Metroid 1 and Super Metroid felt infinitely better to me.
What's hilarious though is that even with those lock-ins, it was *still* super irritating. It just goes to show how much better organized Metroid 1 and Super Metroid were--even when not locked in, you could still find your way around. (And you could go large stretches of time without looking at the map in Super Metroid.)
Like I said, I was perfectly fine with having hardly any use outside of the extra combat boost. On Hero Mode, they helped *so* much. For the Treacherous Tower they were an even bigger help. And if they make the experience more satisfying with cool effects and lots of power, then I wouldn't call that pointless. Also, it's worth noting that getting all the Maiamais gave you the upgraded spin attack. Which was also pretty sweet.
I just watched Episode II a few nights ago. Believe me, the pacing was not *nearly* as good as VII's. Several scenes were either far too drawn out or didn't even need to be there. Dooku's introduction and involvement in the plot was super rushed. There was at least an hour's worth of romance scenes that I wish I didn't see. I could go on.
Also, if anything, he was one of my favorites in this film. No one beats Kylo Ren in my mind, but Finn was a close runner up. There was no new character that I disliked (except those we didn't get anything of yet like Phasma). The cast was so good that Rey, who I also really enjoyed, was my least favorite new character behind Kylo, Finn, Poe and BB-8.
My brother and I were watching it the other day. That's not even the worst part about that moment--the creepy touching and caressing that comes along with it is. Our thought process while watching: "Okay, so that line was pretty bad, but it was *that* ba--oh come on, Anakin, what the hell are you doing with your hands?! Stop that! That's so weird!"
