okay I will do that in conjunction with strengthening
I don't think on this meta ezreal is that easy to play. I always hear how bad people think about the champ because they get a lot of shotty ezreals in their games. Maybe he has a sorta higher skillcap than regular auto arrack champions. But someone with more in depth knowledge would have a better informed opinion
yarrr wait no thats gp mb
then older worn down shen comes back with a mechanical....sword?
dude those death sounds are a little too "chokey" for me. the other lines sound pretty naice tho. maybe the "ugliness" of death is contrasted with his supposed "beauty" of death that he sees. also im bs'ing. will def get this champ nj
holy fuck this joke/pic has been overdone and it's still getting upvotes...the madness reddit
different abilities
hi do you know if his movement animation when he crits/gains ms is buggy? he seems to just power walk vs actually run like I see in the lolking model viewer. not sure if he is actually intended to walk faster or run
to the top with you
I found this thread on the MCU timeline, don't know if it is "valid": http://www.thecomicboard.com/forum/showthread.php?13339-Marvel-Cinematic-Universe-Timeline I'm not sure if you have seen it before, but could you attest to its validity by a quick glance?
thank
wow stop being so inconsiderate you fuckin jerk. this kid has cancer and all you ccare about is upholding your precious reddit policies. boo hoo look at me complain wah. also this (/s)
Yes, i agree. People who would spam this shit regularly do not take offense and would otherwise enjoy justifying their "opinions". It is unfortunate that they exhibit these opinions in the form of mindless spam and memes though
it doesn't matter if she can read hundreds of these comments and not take offense. the problem comes from people saying them and putting them out there in the first place.
that is so fucking rad.
if you are saying they are discussing a blade show with wesley snipes that has not been confirmed anywhere.
Yes until we get a tweet from official netflix accounts/marvel (like JJ) or from the marvel website, just rumors
I really don't know about this. Usually i am a veery bad critic when it comes to anything I consume through shows/books. My bias towards liking disallows me from objectively viewing how good or bad it is. From the thread on /r/all, it seems a LOT of people did not like it. This could mean that the audience that did enjoy it is mostly not composed of redditors, but I still feel it is significant. There were many problems they picked out that I didn't notice before, which worries me
worth
and mine
At the end of Thor 2 Sif and the other guy in Thor's team deliver the Aether in a containment device to the collector. It's a post credit scene. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbtJZx-ShOE
well if you're hydra then dw
this city
If marvel were to pull any shit like that I would actually lose a huge admiration for Feige for not having the balls to coordinate Studios with TV better. I will also just lose faith in general
I always forgot to use the active anyways or forgot to buy it justbronzethings
