Captivating comment, bro.
Definitely not lazy about handing them out, that's for sure.
Obvious troll is obvious. ;)
Um, yea. This is a huge problem, and one of the reasons I wish our world was mature enough for nuclear-powered cargo ships. But it isn't , and some yahoo would turn one into a bomb, or a maintenance tech who bought his certification would fall asleep on the job and the resulting explosion would turn the north Pacific into Hiroshima II. The fact that we have a perfect solution for this problem, yet don't have the competence to use it, is one of the biggest reasons I fucking hate the human race. So our options are to grow up and stop being a bunch of petty terrorists and learn to use high technology, or stop shipping shit half way across the earth simply because our repression of the third world creates huge labor cost savings. Or the third, which is business as usual, and it's our children's problem, and they can all choke to death because, fuck them: we're already dead.
You should research the TPP. Or maybe not, since it'll kill you.
Dirty bomb, and not really.
It hasn't passed yet.
Hyperbole to emphasize my frustration.
I think safety security are the biggest issues. The profit is so small that maintenance isn't always the best aboard shipping frighters. Not to mention bad guys.
Dick issues are the worst.
You can have disruptive change, which clearly causes riots in the streets of Paris, or you can manage change, and try not to have riots in the streets of Paris. I'm simply understanding the first and advocating for the second.
They're human beings trying to make a living in an age-old and now outdated business model. It's a good thing that you're not in charge of solving this problem, since your lack of basic human empathy would cause a lot more riots.
Is it a little hypocritical to condemn them but still use them?
Again, it's not right; it's reality. If you want to prevent them from rioting, they need some form of concession. Their industry is clearly dying, and that has to be managed so that it doesn't totally disrupt society. Preventing giant riots is priority 1.
Eh, they are what they are. I don't particularly like nor dislike cabs. But Uber is a better product, and taxis will either step it up or disappear. My guess is that they will be fewer, and nicer in the future, and Uber will take over a good chunk of market share forever.
People are pretty similar the world over. You might do just the same in their shoes. If their families are relying on the income from driving a taxi, then the stakes are high enough for people to start acting extreme. It's not right, but it's reality.
Only when there is increasing supply. Those licenses are so valuable in most places because there is a fixed number of them. In most cities they increase in value over time.
That there's no need to be angry, since you're already getting your way.
"Did you feel bad for the guys who worked at Blockbuster...?" ...I was 15 when I stopped using them, so I wasn't aware of the world. And that's exactly my point. This situation isn't unique, and it'll get sorted out. The winners will win, but that doesn't mean the employees of the old companies should be given the boot immediately. They need time to adapt or switch industries, so yes, I sympathize. How would you feel if that was happening to you? It's a bit awful to celebrate an entire career path disappear. You sound happy that a bunch of people are losing their jobs.
Ok, you've said that you dont use cabs anymore, but that you haven't gotten your way. Which is it?
Also true.
Why do you care if cab companies exist if you're already not using them? It's a little weird to take it so personally. IMO. You have options, so use the best one for you. Sheesh man, the passion about this topic is so strange. The anger is just feeding on itself at this point.
I asked about that quite a while ago, and dropped it when you said you don't take taxis anymore. You're still on the hypocritical thing, not me. I still say you're winning, but at this point, we're completely off topic. Uber will win in the end, and all the hurdles that cab companies are using are just delay tactics until the industry adapts. That's my only point.
Well said.
Also, that guy sounds like he suffers from a problem where once he knows something, he thinks everyone should know it. Sounds like a lack of awareness about how people work in general.
