I love White Zombie, but I think Rob Zombie did better on his own...
This guy is a fucking bag of dicks. He's Skip Bayless if some people actually thought Skip Bayless could put together a sentence correctly.
I'm not your buddy, guy!
I like this one a lot
Best Star Wars game ever.
I like dis one
And he had the best hip rehab ever. Shoot a bow with his feet!
Also, needs more Boz-shaming touchdowns.
It costs your mouth in this weird, slimy feel...
Bet you can't eat the black ones!
You sound like a 12 year old right now. This isn't even relevant.
I wanna wear a zoom suit. All the time.
[Ah, the ol' reddit gamearoo!](http://www.reddit.com/r/Showerthoughts/comments/396da8/600_years_in_the_future_theres_a_historian_who/cs1m525)
Yes! The swords! This is the only game where I've seen a sword and thought "I can absolutely imagine holding that." The leather textures, the metal, you can just imagine the weight of it! Also, love lookin at my Griffin armor and swords during cutscenes too.
Thank you! Do you know of any specific mythological stories that it's based on? I've definitely let myself get wrapped up in this world now lol
Sure you did, Daniel. Why you gotta be dragging Lindsey down with you?!
I've gotten some Loot Crates, and it's ok, but in my mind, probably a waste of money. For 30 bucks I could pick out one thing that I really want rather than 5 things that are kinda cool.
Is it worth it to go? What's it offer?
I think he meant b9. As in "I have good news! Your tumor is b9!"
Bucky? Where are ya, Bucky?!
I'm not your pun, quip!
I'm brand spanking new to this game. I love it but don't get it at all. I'm playing on an Xbox one. Is this game even officially released on PC yet or is it still in alpha?
Yes! Jumping is so hard! I don't get it! Lol But I freaking love everything! The first time I came out of hyperspace next to a sun, I literally gasped!
Oh ok cool! Also, how do I drop out of friendship drive?....
Hahaha so basically, just play around on my controller and figure it out. :) ok I can do that!
