The Chronicles of Sharkhead McGee?
*insert that one Power Puff Girl meme about being the most evil thing I can think of*
Tis a shame once you lost HCIM status you have to burn the shirt.
I thought that was the point to leaving it in? Personally used it for hide n seek events and treasure box hiding events.
Seems like she can cut Cruor and Fumus out of the equation entirely at that point.
I've always said there needs to be, at the least, one specially designated Jagex mod to play through every single quest and jot down inconsistencies, typos, redundancies and the like.
People value afk over exp rates most the time. Of course doing it the abyss way forgoes any potential loot and other such benefits of regular training. I personally prefer Slayer or bossing.
More slots for this and the presets in wardrobe would be great. I've taken to saving my color codes on a Microsoft Excel document.
This is how bots used to do Barrows back when they farmed it by the dozen. You can run along the wall near Araxxor straight to the Barrows.
This used to be the path bots took when they farmed Barrows to the ground. It was a... strange way to go about it and I'm not quite sure exactly why they didn't put invisible barriers or at the least make the area look remotely traversable.
There's also Heist for Thief and Hunter exp, since you'll only want to do the first 3 or 4 trade offers before the prices get extremely high. Additionally, Stealing Creations might be a decent third option.
More to the point, since Cave Goblin is going to be a subcategory for Inventor will that mean all Cave Goblins will be brought to a similar model type? So long as they all match I'm fine with the rework.
You never forget your first.
Jimmy and Billy Lee support your Double Dragons.
The Internet, where dicks be dicks and other dicks think it's funny when it really isn't.
&gt;.&gt; I've done over 10 on mine with only a single whip &gt;.&gt;
Good point, I expect EVERY White Knight in the entire city to have a party hat now.
There are other options, just not nearly as convenient.
I made a post about this about a week ago because people in my clan kept doing it; the replies were not very positive nor helpful.
Added, I'll list your stuff once I check it.
You are ground type with Sandshrew and Marowaks. I don't know the third because of how that works.
Iiiii need your Snubs if you would be so kind.
I don't have the garden you're looking for but I'll check yours for you and relay the details.
He has two antlers, duh. All joking aside, just one of those odd glitches.
The search is over, you win absolute best safari owner of all time.
