Most of reddit thinks anything older than three or four years is going to explode any second.
Source: every skinnyfat who thinks they can "eat whatever they want and not get fat." I was one of them once.
Get a myfitnesspal account and log everything that goes into your mouth for a week or two. That'll explain very clearly why you never gain weight despite all the food you think you eat.
&gt; The too expensive excuse always baffles me considering so many Americans get their meals from eating out. It would be considerably cheaper to cook very healthy meals at home. Oh god, don't bait reddit into this discussion. If you think this thread is full of excuses...
Same here. Took a while to come around and get used to a new guy there, but damn, Cory is great at calling a baseball game.
It's the little known fifth turtle, Retardatello.
Muhammed Comcast.
Don't sweat it. I'd seriously up the calories a bit and just stick to it for a month. See how that goes.
Poutine
The Benjamin Button trailer with Arcade Fire's "My Body is a Cage". Saw it in the theater and thought holy shit I need to see that. It wasn't that great.
Have you ever actually seen a dick before?
my car explodes?
Does a vasectomy count? If so, me.
You wouldn't want to live in Minnesota then.
I would have gone crazy. I had plenty of time after work to snuggle with my baby.
It's really not that fucking hard. Certainly not hard enough that I couldn't hold a job while doing it.
He's right though.
These people seems to think a job takes up 100% of your time and if you have a year off you'd spend ever spare second snuggling with your new baby. edit: I guess the downvoters really believe this is what parenting is like.
Why the hell would that worry you? It's how markets work.
Tell that to our resident army of "my pit wouldn't hurt a fly" redditors.
No one's forcing us to eat it in excess either.
This is why some people are poor.
For one person? Don't see the problem.
Who gives a shit? It sounds like it was a fantasy of hers and the money was just icing on the cake.
and he's very expensive
