I am surprised people play Annie/Brand support for stun (and deeps), when there is a champion named Veigar that can stun up to FIVE enemy champs, including their pets (drake, ghosted ally) and it's on a 7.7s cd with 45% CDR max rank (basicaly 4s and some after the previous cast ends). I didn't try to support rankeds with it but when I feel *villainous*...
You should/must have Naut. Versatile and fun to play. And can roleplay Big Daddy from Bioshock. Probably best joke in game too.
The road to success is sprinkled with enemy tears and ballads of hate. His W being one of the most impactful non-ultimate ability helps a ton.
Apdo could carry outside challenger with any champ. Nunu mid might be best for it since is the *TILT* champ. *Bronzies* ^(anything under plat) should stop dreaming at top 0.02% and look just one tier ahead of them.
Funny thing is many replies disagree with me. "useless without farm" ^^lmao "annie has better chance at multiple stuns" ^(if you go in their face) "unreliable stun" ^(I've landed triple stun under our turret that turned the fight around single handedly, 4v3 became 1v3, and they were spread) Again Veigar support play style fits an evil mastermind type of person, not a honest to God support. Laning phase, if ADC is on the ball, a stun means free poke, enemy ADC lose some cs at worst. Mid late game, basically one *effective* spell you need to spam every fight you can get on. You can focus on your active trinkets like aegis and frost queen. If the enemy mage comes in range R is free damage. The only thing you really care on Veigar support is CDR, and it's easy to get plenty.
&gt; Why there are loads of [anything] ^(E: there are loads of stupid people too, me included; should we follow the majority example blindly?) I want to leave you happy with your opinions, yet I'd recommend against unoriginality and 'follow the pack' attitude. If you like Brand bot, go Brand bot. I tried Veigar bot and I liked Veigar bot, more than Brand. I'll add Veigar to my list of support champs I can take into the fight, and strike out Brand. My problem isn't that Veigar is bad support. My problem is ADCs that go *tilt* from champ select assuming I want to steal farm and do fuck all whole game with zero reactions to landed stuns.
Skimmed through it and few thoughts were: This must be a pain to update and modify. It will probably succumb in the cesspool of ol' forgotten forum threads, unless stickied. Then it hit me: Dude, Github that *shit*. Forum posts is the worst way to do it.
Microsoft Edge doing something better than Chrome and Firefox overlords? On what browser did they dev/test this?
Every week since Season 1 and Rito still can't hire an intern to do it. Free karma for 6 seasons!
More likely Police's Cortana doesn't appreciate citizen's bad taste for that whore Siri. (can switch names around)
That won't stop rengars from one shotting.
Wait. isn't it done already? I thought that's how report function works. especially back when lvl1 global spam.
&gt; inb4 deals 50% of base attack as Kappa damage FTFY
&gt; highest dps mmmnope? highest base damage like 2h hammers or facebreakers + % auras. Speed is just convenient. reduced duration and aoe size is what you ant next. As for crit, depends on what %crit chance they give as a base.
Spot on. 2 years a go I read a (overly worded) post by Charan where he pointed out that the game was turned in who has best biggest aoe clearing skill and how many mooks can you one shot on the screen at once. Ant this one skill must/is useful for both mooks and bosses. Wich might be fun, but lacks RPG-sih interaction with enemies. Everything is cannon fodder. Last time I tried melee skills was a facebreaker dominating blow at level 15 something that was evilish fun also extremely clunky and laggy. I don't even care about melee options anymore. Spectral throw, ground slam, leap slam are 'melee' options for me.
and 0 damage to flying enemies?
Both are equally toxic for your health too. Here is champ's lore: &gt; I wanted to be an artist but I ended assassinating plebs for *nothing*.
Nice schooling in gaming economics. I give you that. *But*, this dynamic queue experiment resulting in higher *ARPU*, as you call it, is more day dreaming than smart move. The funny part is that soloq-ers are the vocal minority^? while teams and boosters have a field day banging anuses left and right.
Bullshit PR response. They are in damage control mode now. But I guess it's fair. they get BS too if they fuck up.
There are plenty QoL that community demands and are good for the game. New team builder is ^(^fucking ^finaly) nice; dynamic q that came with it and took who knows how much time to develop, not so much.
It is hard to get into. But probably worth it. More features, better in game pings. Is not as pretty and cartoonish as LoL (which I like), but might be your alley. Only thing is you need a better rig to play it. LoL has lower requirements.
Dqueue is pretty great for those who like to play in teams, but don't quite get 5s ready to go. They won't voice complaints. For the first time in 5 seasons is SoloQ that get shit on. And they are right to be vocal about it. And all this when we fucking finally get an advanced team builder. (that has it's rough edges too btw) Spagetti code management 101. -Rito
I will be over here with minecraft, darkest dungeon and maybe path of exile or undertale. gonna wait few months until Riot figure it out with their juggernauts, marksman mordekaiser, adc revamp, keystone balance, dynamic queue, loot chests and whatever. I swear every month or two there is a new bullshit; and it's not only at pre-season time. They still have to refactor their spagetti code, balance changes and TADDAM is world champion time!
foreveralone_border.png is what we get.
I quite wonder myself why don't they bring this gem of a dynamic queue to Korea, China and Europe. 1. lets watch SKT1 stomp soloQ or get stomped ^(yah lol) by random 5s 2. China has huge player base ranging from utter shit to good; little to no language barrier (Tencent too) 3. Europe - language barrier, good fucking luck getting on voice coms with anything but your citizens.
