&gt; Occasional use of a "night cap", usually a single glass of Scotch (not a huge one, probably only 4oz? FWIW, while this may help one fall asleep, it may also decrease sleep quality, so I wouldn't really recommend it in general because the disadvantage outweighs the benefit for most people. In any case I don't think it's a good idea to rely on any kind of substance as a sleep aid, as you may come to depend on it. Alcohol also relaxes your muscles, including the ones in your mouth, which makes you more prone to snoring, or worse, sleep apnea. Personally, I try to avoid alcohol in the 2-3 hours before going to bed. Mainly because it makes me snore and bothers my spouse. I have no metrics on the quality of my sleep with or without alcohol.
I didn't like Highland Park at first but I've come around. At least for the 12yo. I haven't tried anything else. Apparently this is different, though. Would you say it's closer to a typical Islay whisky, or closer to Highland Park's signature floral and gently peated style, or something squarely in-between, or altogether different? Would love to try some somehow before buying an $80+ bottle.
That sounds appealing. Thanks!
That's a reasonable question to which I don't know the answer, but I could ask someone handling the regulatory side of things to see if she knows anything.
We're an energy/utility company, so I'm sure we wouldn't be the first, but yeah, I don't really know where to go to find out how our competitors have done it. I will ask our regulatory specialist, she might have a clue.
Thanks for the reply. That's what I found out as well but it didn't hurt to double check. Unfortunately the SMS is specifically not an option, we asked. It's not really a choice, it's a state regulation. You know how government can be stubborn. Our business people have actually been fighting this for about a year, or so I'm told (again -- today was the first time I heard about this), so it sounds like we haven't gotten anywhere with convincing that state's government that SMS is as good an option.
Not really, and definitely nobody in that state, which is not the state where I work :)
This looks like it's just for the browser, but perhaps it would suffice on Android devices, I'll look into it more.
Dunno. I tried looking for the text of the regulation but it's either hard to find or not public domain. I imagine it is public domain since it affects energy utilities, but who knows... I think I'm going to have to sit down with our regulatory compliance person and brainstorm a little. It would be helpful if I could read the language of the regulation.
Switzerland here, although I've been living in the US for 8 years now. Things I'd want in Switzerland: Amazon Prime, and convenient store hours. In Switzerland basically everything closes after 6-7 PM, many things are closed on Saturdays, everything is closed on Sundays, and sometimes things that are open on Saturdays are closed on Mondays because the owners want to make up for Saturdays. On the flipside, though, those business hours make working retail less of a nightmare, it's a more humane environment to work in and I get that. I don't work in retail though, and I like convenient things. I guess I'd miss Wawa if I went back to Switzerland, too, but no biggie.
Sorry but I feel compelled to correct a few things here: - A pseudoscorpion is not a spider. Pseudoscorpions and spiders are both arachnids, just like scorpions and spiders are both arachnids, but you wouldn't call a scorpion a spider! - Pseudoscorpions do in fact have venom, and it's pretty potent. That being said, they cannot break human skin, and the venom is designed to catch and kill prey that is smaller than them.
Plot twist: Kim posted the gif on Reddit himself and is having a good laugh *right now*.
I'm not a policeman but I think I can understand the police's behavior. I'm not saying it was acceptable, just that they were in a high-stress situation which, in that area of Switzerland, they're very likely not used to, so it got out of hand. Biker was a complete asshole though.
Yep, the train. The Swiss train system is excellent, it's usually the best way to get from one city to another in Switzerland.
Honshu, Ishikawa prefecture.
Absolutely! A lot of Swiss citizens only speak one of the official national languages, plus English in a lot of cases, obviously they're fine. But yes, you might be limited to Western Switzerland as far as employment is concerned, and even knowing only French and English may lock the door on you for a minority of jobs that may require German (or less commonly, Italian). Granted, Western Switzerland is still a pretty large chunk of the country, there are plenty of jobs to be found in Genève, Neuchâtel, Fribourg, Jura, Vaud and Valais (well, maybe not Jura -- no offense to anyone from there but it's a small, mostly rural/agricultural canton). Geneva and Vaud are heavy hitters in the economy of Switzerland, and they're both French-speaking cantons.
If you're not completely dead set on using S3 yet, you could also check out a new AWS service, [EFS](https://aws.amazon.com/efs/), noting that it's still in preview. It's basically a managed, autoscaling NFS target. Using that instead of S3 might make your life easier when it comes to automating your backups since you can use regular rsync or any backup tool you like.
&gt; If I'm not mistaken, the PACS doesn't permit children adoption To be precise, you can adopt children, just not as a couple, i.e. only one person in the couple is recognized as the legal parent/guardian.
I think the food is better in the French-speaking area than the German-speaking one, for what that's worth, but either way, you'll have to get used to new things. If you're going to live in Switzerland, then I suggest you prepare yourself to learning a new language. If you end up in the French-speaking area, as a Spanish speaker you'll probably have an easier time learning French. Likewise with the culture, of course Swiss culture has little to do with Argentine culture, but you'll probably find the French-speaking area easier to integrate to than the German-speaking area, and Geneva has lots of Latinos.
Switzerland is not cold.
&gt; I hope that i can be of use in there. As long as you learn one of the national languages, yes, and your knowledge of Spanish can be an asset.
&gt; "Geneva has lots of Latinos." &gt; &gt; I don't know if that is good... Ah, well, I guess I don't know if that's good, either. I just assumed it might be, since I figure you are one, although I guess you probably don't have much in common with Mexicans (for example) other than language. I don't know, perhaps you can find a sense of kinship with other Latin Americans, but I don't know you or Argentina so perhaps I'm way off the mark! It's interesting to me that you found Germany foreboding to the point of being worried about doing something you houldn't. The laws in Germany are probably not very different from Argentina, I'd think you'd have to try to do something wrong, rather than do something wrong inadvertently. You may have gotten that impression from interacting with Germans, in general they aren't as warm or welcoming as Italians, but again, you'd be hard pressed to do something wrong unless you were trying.
I'd never get a white car anyway, but thanks for the heads-up. Thank you as well for the suggestion, Volvo is not a brand I ever consider, for no reason whatsoever. I just never think of them. Seems like they might be out of my price range, though, at least looking at the pre-owned inventories of a couple of my local Volvo dealerships. I will dig deeper, so thanks again for the suggestion! On a related note, you mentioned "the occasional import from Canada". What's the problem with that? Is it a matter of the car being fitted according to Canadian specs/regulations and needing work to be compliant with US regulations? Or something else? I'm from Europe and my dad loved classic American cars, so we imported a few over the years, and they always needed to be fitted with an EU-compliant catalytic converter instead of whatever they came with, so if that's what you meant, I gotcha, but otherwise, I'm curious.
Ah yes, a Subaru, I hadn't thought of them yet even though I know the reputation of their AWD and my wife and I have talked about a Subaru. I'll check it out, thanks!
I'd use them with friends, but I can't remember the last time I played something online :) For the most part I'd play shooters like CS:GO or BF4 and I'd be playing on public servers where nobody uses voice comms anyway.
