Hi and welcome to /r/nfl. Over at the Bengals table, you'll see bullshit about the Patriots. Over at the Texans table, you'll see bullshit about the Broncos. And over there in the Chargers and Raiders table, you'll see Los Angeles.
This for sure. Marvin will be gone before the team takes another stab at a QB in the draft. Honestly, though, Mike Brown is getting very old, I'd think he'll croak before either happens.
Well that's one way to get new PR's.
So happy to see this happening. If we're not going to have any sort of rail system around here, we need to get rid of all the abandoned tracks.
And then no good content for two or three months after that! :D :| :(
Well shit, if we're not getting Reilly we should at least get a consolation prize.
God yes. The community has millions of map ideas, from competitive to casual and even total joke maps. Hammer is just a mess for those unwilling to spend the hundreds of hours navigating it. I always wanted to make a GPit-style map, this has me interested.
I hate getting interrupted when I explain stuff, but I absolutely cut people off when I know they're not saying anything useful.
Cedric Benson used to come to my Walgreens. Really nice but very quiet.
I'm playing this now and I agree with the critics: this game is criminally underrated and anyone who got hyped for Bayonetta 2 should pick this game up immediately because it is every bit as fantastic. It's literally like playing a Saturday Morning Cartoon.
HOLY SHIT
Oh fuck, a tradeception.
Oh guys I got it. Well get him for Anisimov, Atkinson, Kerby Rychel, and the 2016 First.
The game is out of print and is slowly becoming a collector's item. You're unlikely to find it for that cheap.
I remember seeing a discussion about that maybe a month or two ago. I made the argument that since the Giants would have a better QB in Rivers and a few extra draft picks to build a team with, they'd have a better run at more division titles and possibly more Super Bowls.
They totally made this song so that sports stadiums would license it when they play it during giveaways. Source: Blue Jackets fan.
It would be *if it were on vinyl*.
HAY GURL HAYYYY
It is the best option on this short of notice, honestly.
Technically, dopamine is the only thing that really makes me smile.
That really surprises me about Hawaii, considering everything there is fucking expensive.
Even if an offense runs most of the time they're within 5 yards, defenses expect that scheme and you still have to get in the end zone. That sort of power and skill doesn't come easy. We've seen plenty of RBs get stuffed repeatedly on goal line attacks, even with good offensive lines. To put up those kinds of numbers with that yardage is still pretty special. I feel like this argument would need to go to the tapes. How many of those TDs did Alexander have to fight for and how many of them were gift wrapped to him? That's the true tale of his ability.
Nailed it with the juice. Sure, it's convenient, but most of the nutrients and especially fiber is all but eliminated. We have a lot of health problems in our society due to how we eat, but a lot of it comes from a widespread fiber deficiency and excessive intake of processed sugars. I used to munch on the "healthier" chips (think sweet potato or avocado chips), but now I'm substituting it with low-glycemic fruits and veggies when I do longer gaming sessions.
His reasoning was a little off but the main points still stand. Looking at a screen for extended periods of time is not great for your eyes. Sitting down for an extended period of time is not great for your neck or posture, nor for muscle strength and general bodily functions. These are real things to consider when we talk about a generation whose main forms of entertainment will be coming from indoor activity.
And they wonder why people keep catching illegal streams of their product.
