Damn their continuity
Well then watch Bento. Its about the great quest for Bento and kicking the shit out of other people to get it. Good animation too.
I couldnt watch strike witches for this same reason.
Lets bring up an anime that isnt perverted and still has a badass tank. Valkyria Chronicles.
The Fifth Element.
I always kept some old laser tanks and a few hover tanks in the store rooms just in case that main squad is out scenario ever happened.
Fuck that, once they started to hit the waiting lines... game over.
The nighttime one should drop off a downvote before receiving upvote
How could you miss that amazing instagram plug? &gt;Thanks! Everyone has enjoyed it &amp; expressed support. Check out my hairdresser's instagram: instagram.com/kenziethehappyfairy/
Duck had priorities.
Hi Everybody!
How else are we to introduce a prehistoric pathogen into the population?
All you need it 1 map with well placed starting positions and bam, FFA is a thing. And you dont balance those modes. They are fun, thats it.
I do. Need Italian Amedeo Guillet commander.
Then the way he walked off immediately
He's got to be my favorite. Shows what an Italian was capable of even if they got rekt in the overall war. Its hard to find good information of any forces not German, US, Brit, or Russian (western campaign). I love finding out about the other players. The eastern Manchurian campaign for Russia is also really interesting to look into.
USF - rifle focus with medium armor play Werhmacht - flexible army around rifles or support weapons with medium and heavy armor options Soviet - flexible army with cheaper rifles and support weapons. Can do a medium armor focus or heavy armor call ins. OKW - support army with front line base options, quirky vehicles, heaviest armor in the game and assault engineers. Odd assortment of light to heavy options available
Something something plans are useless but planning is invaluable - Patton
Since that was how the first AC started I never played any of them. I really wish the animus was never a thing.
The m16 is the same price as the m60 which is ridiculous. An AK is only about 25 cents a shot. An m60 should be around $1 a bullet. M16 should be ~~15 to 20 cents.~~ 30-35 cents
Fun part is you can change the average parts up. Now brace yourself as an attractive woman on the internet. This thread invites ruin!
Dude i feel you. We're so middle road its ridiculous. Its like pic a side features, ugly or good looking. Not ugly enough to shun, not good looking enough to pursue.
Thats what I get for being old these days. Couldn't find it for less than about 30 cents a shot. Ammo has been in a shortage for what seems like forever now.
Give a GR 2 ancestor rings and throw high crit knives all day. My GR is basically my stress control because she crits so often.
Bring a PD to a cannon fight. Throw the crackle bomb to stun the rifleman and cannon match lighter and you only have to deal with 1 blademan while you focus down the cannon. Plague doctor is amazing. It can stun 2 targets in a fight.
