This is what I came here to post - glad someone beat me to it. Keyflower plays 2-6 and scales very, very well. It's that rare game where you don't feel like you're missing out by playing 2-player, and doesn't suffer from issues with downtime or clutter when playing with up to 6 players.
Children and grandchildren. Unless they never played games with me in my life. In that case, they get nothing.
But only if it matters. Since dominance only matters if a tile is being scored for dominance, for most of the game you can ignore counting up. Just do a quick count on tiles you think you may have dominance on, and swap cones as needed. Outside of that, it's either looking at direct cube comparisons (don't really need to "count" to see that five cubes is greater than two cubes), or counting cubes on Tundra.
&gt; Oh and the counting... the endless counting to see who is dominant on every hex. Which is not necessary. Knowing which species has dominance is only of concern for when the tile is being scored for Dominance. And even then, dominance cones *only* change when species or elements change. At most, you're double checking a tile or two after the adaptation/regression/abundance series of actions is completed. And you can even ignore it then, just doing a quick check when it comes do choosing a dominance tile.
&gt; The end game scoring is a bit long to calculate and it can also totally swing the game. I'm not really sure what it adds and could probably be happy not doing it at all. The question raised in your second sentence is answered in your first: end game scoring can make a big change in determining the winner. It creates a change between the early/mid game and the late game. Early/Mid game incentivizes keeping your populations on high-point tiles: Oceans and Wetlands. But the end game scoring incentivizes spreading your populations to other regions, including those low-scoring areas such as Mountains and Deserts. As for time consuming, the way I do it is one person goes tile by tile, treating them as columns and rows in a spreadsheet. "9 Points to Birds, 7 Points to Insects" and then clearing those cubes off the tile and moving to the next tile. Another player actually moves the scoring piece around the board. Whole process is less than 5 minutes, and has the benefit of also clearing the board so you're all packed up. &gt; 1) Dominance vs Domination These are the same. The dominant species is the one who choses the domination card. Species count only determines scoring on the tile. I do, personally, use *supremacy* to refer to who has the most cubes on a given tile. E.G. "Reptiles have dominance on the ocean; supremacy order is Mammals, Insects, Reptiles". And you don't always need to recalculate dominance. Just recalculate when you feel like it, or when a tile is chosen for the dominance action. If you're never going to dominance score a little desert tile, you don't need to count for dominance.
Upvote for WA Frost. Nothing makes you feel fancy like sitting in a euro-style garden patio sipping some cool cocktails and tasty sandwiches.
If you can forgo the cocktails and settle on beer/cider/wine, Sea Salt is at Minnehaha Falls and you can sit out on their patio drinking beer and listen to the rush of the falls while eating oysters.
Born in 1978, and I'm GenX, because that's the generation that I grew up with. And it's mostly from the pop culture I consumed. When your teenage years are spent listening to Jane's Addiction and thinking *Clerks* is the funniest movie ever, that's following the Gen X way. Maybe if I'd kept listening to Top40 radio and blockbuster movies through college, and only then started tuning into "alternative" culture, I'd be Gen Y/Millennial. But as it is, I'm solidly Gen X. My wife was born after me and is definitely Gen Y -- and it shows in how we interact/react with the world. In how we view politics, community, humor, the point of satire and parody, etc.
I don't listen to my music albums. I have incredibly sensitive fingertips, so I run them over the grooves and interpret the music in my head.
You'd taste nothing but bitterness. The elements of the grounds are extracted roughly in this order: * Caffeine * Flavor/Aromatic oils * Bittering agents The first brew is going to get the caffeine and flavor oils and some of the bittering agents. Any subsequent brews are just going to extract more bittering agents, leaving you with flavorless, bitter coffee with very little caffeine content. You can see this by making "cowboy coffee". Set a pot of water to boil. Dump in some coffee grounds, and taste the coffee after 5 seconds, 30 seconds, 1 minute, 5 minutes, 10 minutes. Your first taste will taste like dirty water. Later tastes will taste like how you think of as coffee - oily mouthfeel with some bitterness. The longer you let the coffee sit there boiling, the more it'll just taste of bitterness.
Never did find out. It was a small enough town that I *should* have seen "Phil" at some point in the next few months I lived there, but never did. Didn't hear any news. Maybe he lived, maybe he died? Maybe he woke up with insomnia and now lives as a street preacher.
If your answer is not Eddie Hazel's guitar solo *Maggot Brain*, you need to revise your answer.
Semen starts stinking really fast if you leave it in the open like that.
Now that's a legacy game.
Basically everything. Things that were common in 1715 are very rare now, and things that were quite rare in 1715 (e.g. "books") are common now. Times change. Times have changed very rapidly since the 19th century.
Don't oversalt/overseason. You can always add more seasoning, but once it's in the food, it's difficult or impossible to correct. Don't try to work too fast. If you can only handle 3 items on a grill/sauté station, don't try to do 5. You will fuck up and send out bad food. Do learn by experience. There are a load of cookbooks that get into basic food science - learning why fat and flour do what they do, how emulsions make dressings work, what browning your meat does, how high heat cooking and low heat cooking work, etc. Knowing why things do what they do allow you to build your own recipes, much better than just following a recipe without knowing why id tastes/looks the way it does.
**High School Brother** * Football captain on a state-champion team * Top of the class GPA * Prom court So, basically, athletic, popular and smart. Since then he's been living in a tiny town, selling used cars, bankruptcy, child support to multiple families. He's happy, which is great. But peaked in high school? Definitely.
Do I need to bring my own towel to sit on, or will Delta be providing me with a seat towel that will be burned before the next person to use my seat needs to sit down?
Pray for honey mustard.
I go for full on browning of onions, for some really intense, sweet flavors. Then, if I have some serious simmer time available, I'll take a whole onion, stab it a few times with a fork, and let it hang out to impart that raw onion stank.
Toilets vs. Us. *Stop shitting on me!* THAT'S WHAT YOU'RE THERE FOR!
I've been doing it all wrong my entire adult life.
I bathe with the soap. Then I fashion a codpiece out of the boot leather and walk with my goat into the nearest town. I sell the goat and buy a flight home. Bonus: going through security and customs with no luggage and wearing only a codpiece will be a breeze. (though lack of passport is going to be an issue).
Nothing beats a good steak tartare
Experience teaches us so much.
