Ontario as well I assume the rest of Canada but I don't know that for sure
And the order is shoot to kill
Could you get some of him singing or playing guitar in the video if you do? I was really hoping we would hear some
Hell when I made big changes and it dropped 10 lbs of water weight the first week that was enough for me to get going. 30 lbs in 3 months now. Aiming for 80 by the end of the year. That will put me at 190
Smartserve in Ontario (all of Canada?) can't work in any place that serves alcohol without it. Can be taken online though and the cert is mailed to you. And yes, there are rules regarding how much you can serve a person, at least in a certain time period. I've been warned about being cut off in bars before, they more or less forced me to wait it out, or buy food before they would give me more.
The best part is, iirc someone mentioned that this would be a shower thought within a day.
Probably like most recipes of this type, they don't taste like shit, but they also aren't "good", but it's better than most alternatives so it gets described as amazing.
I probably look stupid here, but can you tell me what movie this is from? I feel like I should know but can't place it
You'd think if it was life changing you'd never forget the location?
And everyone act like 5 was never a thing :)
Toy Story 1 is horrible (imo) compared to 2 and 3. I didn't like it when it was the only one in the series.
Also in Lawless. I feel like nobody has seen that movie or something, never gets mentioned. I loved it. He was kind of an annoying character since he was such a bitch, but he played the role awesomely.
You posted this 7 hours after the top post got it right and you got the gold? What an awful world we live in. (congrats)
Might want to check your CPU, a new gpu isn't always going to be all you need.
No you don't need all that at all. All you need is a calorie deficit, If you do you lose weight that's all there is. The only factor is how big the deficit controls how fast you lose. I'm down 32 lbs since March 20th and I don't even count calories (I did for a couple weeks until I got a handle on how much I can eat) It's actually picked up steam in the last couple weeks with 11lbs lost in the last 17 days. Honestly, it's easy peasy lemon squeazey.
LPT:if someone is holding something in their hand, shake their other fucking hand
If it's a hill climb you have a point. Otherwise momentum doesn't mean anything unless he would have to slow a lot. To be fair you do see it most on hills where the lighter load will be passing up Hill and heavier will gain ground down hill
Looking for one legged man to make hops
If you already purchased it once you shouldn't have to "buy it again" ? I can redownload any app/game I've bought ever in my android history.
Where have I heard that before
Wow that's fucking bullshit. CLEARLY got there before the tag. The only thing they could say is he was still tagged the millisecond he had his left hand off the base
Glad someone called out the no hitter right before this inning started.
Funny you say slow when on his last hit the exact words were "Colabello is too fast"
ok
"just" over an hour ago
