I mean it's pretty self explanatory not to look at something like this, of course there's gonna be spoilers
He should've just keep melting down those swords. If he does it five more times he'd have had 64 Valyrian swords!
I'm just excited about the game. Rocksteady has done wonders for Batman games, and I hope someday it'll reflect on other superhero games.
My aunt drove a hummer. My aunt is also a cheating bitch. Coincidence? Probably. Related? Probably not. Shitty SUV? Yes. Shitty aunt? Yes.
For me personally my favorites are ES, Dishonored, Wolfenstein, then Fallout and Rage, Wet, and so forth. I dunno, they're super fun and great to play but I like my cities in tact, I like green of skyrim. Everything in Fallout is dreary, which I know is the point of the game of course but it gets kindve depressing
Bend my toes on my right foot. Got in an accident in middle school and lost most of the feeling in my toes
Obligatory edit: thanks for the gold kind gentlesir
Go to /r/books. Puts me right to sleep
Man of Steel. I remember losing my dad. Brings those memories up. I never ever cry, but [this scene is my exception](https://youtu.be/-j7lezDWh4M)
I got my first personal TV when I moved out for college, it had buttons on the top of the television and I mounted it on my wall. Never would've seen them. My family TV doesn't have any at all actually.
I really hope it holds me over until the next real elder scrolls. I love the Fallout games but my real love for Bethesda is in elder scrolls and Rage. And wet. And Dishonored.
Or theyre a right twat, makes everyone hate them, and then we sit and wait for them to let their guard down. Just waiting for Ramsay's day...
Movies? This is just what he does. Sometimes we get it on camera and that is mission impossible
Colin Farell and Vince Vaughn? They're far from crap in their fields of acting, this is a little bit out of both of their elements but I think they can pull it off. 10 years ago everyone thought Matthew M. was just pretty boy but he did some amazing acting in season 1
The first one was until the last line. I binged the rest of the season twice now because of Matt's last line.
It's my high school diploma. Has my name, grad year, high school on it.
Oh no my nerdism is an open book. From the Game of Thrones poster to my San Andreas map
The 99% do their job, go home to their families, live a normal life as good police officers. The 1% are the ones who cause an uproar in the US, as it should be. The unfortunate circumstance is that because of the 1% the entire police force gets blamed, and people like thw chief of police in this circumstance, who is doing the right thing by firing the officer in question, will still be considered a terrible person for being a police officer. It's a thankless job, and that's unfortunate.
Actually, if Damon's character was not around to fuck Scotty's girlfriend, Scotty might never have gone to Europe, and might've stayed in the US with his girlfriend. I would say the plot revolved around Damon
Shit yeah.
Some people are adrenaline junkies. The boost of energy one gets from robbing a bank could be that same rush someone gets from jumping out of an airplane or jumping a skateboard over the great wall of china
No matter what happens, don't let this one sway your choice of getting the next one that comes out or a previous installment. They are all amazing games, but ESO is nothing like the main series. It's basically an MMO that looks like Skyrim
Mandatory 2 ply toilet paper or more law
The Myxozoa. If they all grew to bear size they would flood the earth in their bodies. We would all suffocate.
1995 - either The Usual Suspects or Casino
