I'm going to show this to my guitar students. "Better practice hard or you'll be replaced by Lego robots."
I used to have insomnia - and still do some nights. These are some of the things that worked for me: * Brush teeth and change into pajamas at least an hour before going to bed. Some people learn to associate brushing teeth with waking up in the mornings, and feel more alert afterwards. * Make a quick list of things to do the next day. Make sure there's a pad and pen beside the bed. * Always have at least two alarm options - phone, watch, alarm clock etc. Some people worry about sleeping in so much that they can't sleep. * Phase in sleep. Don't shut off the TV and expect to fall asleep right away, you can't do it. Transition into quiet. TV off at least half an hour before bed. If you read, all other lights should be off. Get a reading light dimmer, and about 15 minutes go to a lower setting. Your eyes will strain a little harder and will want to close. * Give yourself some time after the lights are out to think about things. I like to think about snowboarding through powder or riding my bike through a forest. I don't think about my day, about work, about tomorrow, or anything that can get me riled up. That's my time. * I don't worry about closing my eyes. If I'm relaxed, they'll close on their own. * If I can't fall asleep I try to figure out why. Is there something I need to write down? Is there a noise I'm not used to? A light that's distracting me? Do I have to pee? Even something small, like the fact that my pajamas are twisted, will keep me up. Like I said, these things work for me. I hope they can work for you.
You can probably sleep on planes, trains and automobiles too, you bastard!
I actually think it's brilliant in a meta art sense. There's always a larger commentary being made in an art project this big, and the fact that these images were effectively stolen is part of that message. There's the whole "living in public" social media angle, the voyeurism angle, the "authentic private moment made public" angle, the copyright angle, the question of whether we own anything in the Internet age including our own image, as well the beauty of taking something transitory and almost meaningless like an Instagram post and turning into a lasting work of art. I'd really like to hear from the artist. I'd also like it if the artist, his point made, gave half the money to the original owners of the photos.
Yep. Should have replaced Jon. I have no idea who the new guys is, but John Oliver was a perfect choice.
If only America went after wall street criminals with as much vigor as they go after steroid users in baseball, refs who rig NBA games, corrupt European soccer officials, NCAA football championship designations, etc.
My Dark Souls Dream: When you complete the game the first time, you get to enter the bodies of NPCs in the game - random undead and creatures. You can't go out of a given area, but can attack other players as they come through the area. If you complete the second time, you get to come back as a lesser boss. If you complete the game a third time, you get to come back as a bigger boss. Eventually you can play as any character, earning the souls you steal and adding them to your own.
Shitty spelling aside, what is it with Americans - especially the right, but not entirely - vilifying the politicans they disagree with to such idiotic extremes. Obama is Hitler. Obama is a secret radical Muslim. Obama is coming for your guns! Obama is a socialist. Obama is bringing in Sharia law in the U.S. Obama is a traitor. Obama is a dictator. Obama is Illuminati. Obama is a lizard. Obama is the Antchrist. It's natural to dislike politicans from parties you don't support, but I can't think of any democracies where dislike amps up into such intense, polarized, unreasoning, unrepetent hatred! You don't like a politician, you vote them out. It's not some some endless battle of good vs. evil where the soul of a nation is at stake, it's a four year term at the head of a massive bureaucracy with a ridiculous number of checks and balances, followed by another four year term.
Thanks for that!
MK8 wasn't available for download yet, while MK7 and Super Mario 3D were the same price.
People can technically live anywhere if they choose, they're obviously choosing to go elsewhere. A better question would be whether families are willing to live in cramped apartments and condos that are ridiculously overpriced, while earning wages that are lower than in many other cities. The answer, according to the decline in households with children, is no. They can afford some kind of life, but it's not the life they want.
Agreed on the LPC getting killed again, although you'd think they'd have learned something by now. I would not make it a full merger, I would only make it a temporary coalition with a handful of goals - including bringing in proportional representation or ranked ballots and conditions for calling the next election.
A lot is going to happen before the next election, especially when the Liberals and NDP start savaging each other. Remember, the CPC also polled low for a while before rebounding the last time around, then they did better than expected on election night as the usual suspects turned out and the usual slackers stayed home. The NDP/Lib split vote, the result of Jack Layton's popularity, also handed the Cons about 34 seats and the majority if memory serves. As the below polls show, the Cons are still the most popular party overall, with the Libs and NDP more or less tied for second. http://www.threehundredeight.com/ These riding by riding polls suggest that the Cons will win a minority government at the least, with a lot of split votes. http://www.threehundredeight.com/p/canada.html The only thing that can stop a Harper minority - and possible majority - is to form a coalition before the election. If parties form a coalition after the election, which is an option, there are going to be a lot of unhappy people on all sides. EDIT: What I meant by "unhappy" is that a lot of people are going to consider the coalition government illegitimate - including everyone who voted CPC, and LPC/NDP diehards who won't compromise.
Always the brother who gets laser sliced into cubes.
You'll be thinking differently on the eve of the election when the CPC is sitting at over 35% and the returns start coming in. I'm not saying this should be a permanent coalition of the centre-left, but a temporary measure with one purpose - to bring in proportional representation and end this situation where less than 40% of voters are choosing our government.
At my daughter's elementary school, the boys are extremely active and the girls are driven off the field. Technically they can play, but they don't want to - the boys are assholes to each other and to the girls. There needs to be some kind of organized recreation during recess, and the field should be divided in two for boys and girls.
In my school district it's up to the teachers until Grade 8. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. It was also the case in my niece's school district which was in the GVA. Are you serious? Are you mad at everything all the time, or just when you read things on Reddit?
What's Jay-Z saying about this?
What's with that beard? It's like he's hiding something.
Seems weak and does nothing to address organized crime or raise taxes for education and health care. This is the only issue where the LPC have the lead. If legalization is inevitable, the same way gay marriage was inevitable, then stop dragging feet.
I'm not saying do it tomorrow, but have a plan to phase it in. If the election is November, then shoot for September 2016. It's not like we don't have a template - both Colorado and Washington State did it, and in less than a year.
PR win? They could have done this a few years ago when the issue came up.
We're still too far out for the polls to matter, and the Cons always make a strong comeback in the last month. Plus, their followers actually do come out to vote, while the natural constituency for the left - students, young people, immigrants, urbanites - stays home. 4 out of 10 people don't seem to give enough of a shit about anything to take an hour out of one day every four or five years.
Mexico also gives these companies massive incentives to build factories - hundreds of millions in cash (not loans), plus a favourable tax rate.
That was a protectionist move of sorts - VW is going to continue to buy parts made in Canada. I actually know a tool and die maker who makes parts for VW, so it's nice to know his job is being protected. Still, I'm sicking of Canada fighting for scraps. When you compare Canada to any of the Scandinavian countries or a juggernaut like South Korea, we don't have a lot going on when it comes to building world class manufacturing and technology companies. We seem content to sell off our resources with adding value by processing them into usable, finished products.
