A step in the right direction. I applaud you UK
&gt;same price Thats fucked
Yeah, cut's fucked. We get stooged on everything here
Correct me if I'm wrong, but dont Muslims typically fast around Ramadan? How can someone fast in these temperatures?
For a good reason mate... A very close friend of mine broke his jaw, becaus he thought he was Zelda and tried running through a wall that had a secret area behind it. There was a few people who died while on it too.... heck, even I got rashes all over my skin. 'Legal' highs are not an alternative. Legalise, Standardise and tax
Exactly my thoughts
What's a moggy?
Can you please send a few links as to how this can happen? As far as I know, unless you are turned on, even viagra wont do squat
I've done a few tests, caged eggs vs free range, and let me tell you, the price is well worth it... Caged eggs were inferior in both size and quality.
Go and tell that to our wanker of Prime Minister, Tony Abott
Hahaha, that was ajoke, right?
Not sure what you are smoking mate, but it's time to change dealers.
Not to mention curved bananas are much easier for rectum insertion
Does this seriously surprise anyone?
As long as they turn a profit, right guys? Cnuts!
TIL Michael Bay is a beta neck beard
How does one remain sane after that long?
God I get shivers just reading that... fuck getting conscripted
I think you should have asked that question prior to placing the order...
&gt; It's the culture's faul That will not be sustainable going forward... So excuse me, but I wont give 2 fucks if this country burns itself
&gt; You know who they never blame? Themselves No one ever does mate.... It's always someone else's fault.
And so the cycle of hatred repeats itself for yet another generation :(
Guess you can call it.. shit posting (ill see myself out)
Not yet anyway
&gt; how do you return them I've been saying this for years (and will probably be downvoted for saying it again), however all you have to do is sink a single one, and I guarantee you, you'll be free for the next few decades... But people see that point as too Nazi/xenophobic/inhumane like, and would rather suffer such unnecessary pain, than be called a racist. Re: controlling Migration, last time I checked, the Chinese had a successful way of doing it.
