Stats like STR and DEX hit a cap at 40, 90 is really overkill. But basically for ripostes you want to use an ultra greatsword to get heavy dmg on ripostes and guardbreak.
With low vit the best could be either menu-swapping to an UGS when you parry /guardbreak someone, though you need training to do it consistently, or using a dagger. Daggers have lower riposte/guardbreak dmg, but they have a fast backstab startup animation (the best backstab dagger at 99 dex being the Umbral Dagger, and the best for most critical attacks being the Shadow Dagger). You won't get as much dmg as with an Ultra weapon though of course.
You know, losing your souls is already a penalty. What I'd say was unbalanced in the vanilla version was the rings of sacrifice, they only costed 3000 souls to repair (now 15 000). And seriously, I never had any problems with Gower's, it takes a ring slot and breaks quickly, Jester's top is way more op in that regard. Also, I do not consider any of the things I listed as "cheating", cause they are working the way they are intended, and they take a ring slot, which can be really important to consider.
Just keep playing, you should check what each stat does online but try not to spoil the game for yourself with walkthrough/playthrough, it will be more enjoyable (except if you're stuck obviously!).
Forlorn encounters are really random (he can invade in a lot of different areas), there's no real way to trigger their spawn, and I think they can invade you even after killing the area boss.
So you're the one who stole all manikins masks and replaced them with [these abominations](http://i.ytimg.com/vi/n_BzwEaHBlc/maxresdefault.jpg) ? I'm coming for you
Alluring skulls work too
I could help again, not sure about the SM though, I'm at 2.9 still. Edit: just checked, it will work
You're creating a monster I hope you know what you're doing
Same, you only see them if you light the crypt so I sometimes don't notice them
I use a dark infused falchion, as anyway you need 20fth/20int to use the Majestic GS. It's quick, allows you to catch rolls, to backtab your opponents and to finish them when they have low hp.
Then you aren't looking hard enough, you can switch between every covenant in the game with no problem.
wut
Retainer's robes, has good elemental resists.
It indeed does have an AR of 0 in the stats, but in reality you still hit for at least 400 dmg per hit. OP should be doing more dmg than 150 (source; I've been invading with it and I use it with 0 AR).
awww Roenna looks so cute EDIT: now I'm gonna feel really bad knowing every phantom and npc invader in the game is smiling like a madman trying to kill me
Are you on PC? You could try to install OpenCities, as it will eliminate the loading time completely by making the city a part of the world.
The Belfry Luna is good at low sm (around 100k-200k) I believe. Belfry Sol is better at higher sm because you get to the Iron Keep way after.
Are you by any chance blind?
He's still doing his duties as the Thief Guild master, doing risky thefts with the help of other members and his contacts. Nobody knows his name, but he is as influent as Maven Black-Briar, and rejected Ulfric's offer to make the Guild the spies of the new Stormcloak empire.
Not a quest, just my own lore, don't worry
The thing is, if you get poisoned and do not have any moss, then you are fucked. Of course, that's your own fault for not having any, but yeah when you don't expect poison you can die pretty fast and be a bit pissed about it. I almost never encounter poison users, so when I do I often have problems to go in my menu and use a moss.
The guy probably spawned them with a mule or cheat engine if you are on pc. It could be legit but I doubt it.
A colored name means the guy's using cheat engine to hack stuff. Some hackers are nice, but most of them only want to annoy others by breaking all their stuff (you can go at the repair tree in Shulva to fix this quickly), or even by spawning impossible items that will probably get you softbanned (basically a ban from online where you can only play with other banned people). Tallgeese is kinda known now on the Souls games, but he isn't a bad guy. Some people are using his name to do bad stuff though.
I agree, I just forget about it often because I'm doing pve/coop or fighting bosses, and as a result I switch what I've got in my quick access slots.
