God may have your soul.
The reason why Krakatoa is always in the middle of the ocean in Civ5
Thanks Lorne Malvo.
Mein Furher, I can WALK !
This. Gotham is for me the dark side of NYC. I always thought Gotham would mean "GOTHic AMerica"
What about a drop of gasoline?
Also, some Stormtroopers carry MG34.
A Bioshock set in a derelict space station, in the 70's. A kind of utopian orbiting-around-Earth station, built by both USA and USSR during a Cold War break. Full of vintage stuff, weapons such M1 and AK47, and ideology shit.
About the Express, I'm pretty sure the car we take in BS2 runs just on a single line, from Ryan Amusments to Persephone. Informations panels on the platforms show two others lines, without location names. But yeah, the layout is a mess, there is not even a hub to connect them all.
They do in vanilla.
Londoners becomes "Londonien", Parisian is "Parisien" in french. So it didn't bother me :) We also say "New-Yorkais"
You could be able to upgrade them in destroyers, if Combustion was discovered before Telegraph.
Sur-natural wonder
Funny to see a city growing but still with destroyed buildings. Also, Washington is the Barbarian leader since his country is first on the list by default.
Then you delet it? How can he come back if not in your territory?
The guy said he could feel his blood "like water". I assume none of the rapers wore condoms? They all gonna die from AIDS. Problem solved.
Also 4 spies sounds strange. Op may use a mod that unlocks espionage a the early eras.
not yet
Dat border expansion.
Hope she has range+logistics+extra movement
Why this should be hidden? What are these rules? I'm new to reddit. This image is actually quite funny.
Funny how they were terrible at naval warfare and exploration, although being an island country. Was that cultural? (isolationism and stuff?)
OP: It happened to me once: instant reload.
You can, if the CS is liberated. It removes a kind of lock that prevent you to pass through.
You can only in case of liberation.
