I don't get where the fatlogic comes in. Sounds like they are eating an adequate amount to fuel their lifestyle.
10 pounds in 3 months is reasonable and I would guess that the plan you've outlined will support that. Weight loss is mainly about diet, so my best suggestion is to be accurate in your calorie counting. After eating at 1,600 calories/day for a few weeks, check your weight changes and then adjust your intake upwards or downwards as needed.
Quest and B-Up bars are my favourites.
Are you doubting that you have actually been eating 1,500 or are you doubting that your maintenance is 2,700-3,000? Given your age and weight, 2,700-3,000 for maintenance isn't that crazy. All those calculators are only estimates, though. The only way to tell for sure is to use real results (i.e. weight loss, gain, or maintenance) to tell what your true TDEE is. If you are doubting the 1,500 calories, can you post a sample day that's added up to 1,500? We might be able to tell where things could be inaccurate, if anything.
Even if your calories are a bit inaccurate, at your weight I would expect you to lose some weight even at 1,500. So, I'd say keep at it and reassess after a couple more weeks have gone by. long term, though, I'd recommend a food scale. It's the best tool available for accurate calorie counting.
You have quite a bit of wiggle room in your deficit, so even if your calorie counts are off, you should still see weight loss. Given what's shown, though, I see a few areas where tracking may be inaccurate: - How did you cook your egg at breakfast? Did you use any oil, etc.? - How do you know the grilled cheese totalled 335? Sandwiches are one of those things that can range from 300 calories to over 1,000, so it's generally better to log the individual components (bread, meat, cheese, butter, etc.) - Did you measure or weight out the 1 tbsp of oil in dinner or did you eyeball it? - Did you count out exactly five almonds twice? - Any other beverages other than the nespresso pod? Did you add anything to the coffee?
40-60g of cooked oatmeal may be 35 calories, but the portion is almost nothing (it's less than a tbsp of uncooked oats). Are you sure about his portion? 40 grams of uncooked oats (a normal portion) are about 1/3 of a cup and contain about 130 calories. With the rice and quinoa, I recommend weighing out your portions uncooked, as there is more variance in cooked weight/volume due to potential differences in water absorption.
Yep! Edited my reply, sorry.
Peanut butter, full fat dairy, straight up using real butter when cooking anything...
I worked in a movie theatre from age 15-18. It was a great job at the time even with only earning minimum wage. The entire staff, other than the manager, were high school and university students. Because of this, we were all one big group of friends. In the quiet time between shows, we'd pretty well just hang around and goof off. Perks involved free entry to non-soldout shows with a free guest.
I agree with u/funchords. Can you post a sample 2,000 calorie day or a link to your food diary? Maybe from looking it over we can help identify where there could be an issue.
I used to do my morning workouts fasted for the same reason but I eventually trained myself to eat before workouts and I do find I perform better. I generally wake up 4:45/5:00 and my workout starts at 5:30. Because of the short period of time between eating and workout, I just eat simple carbs that will digest quickly. This usually means fruit leather, plain cereal, cookies, or (lately) pop-tarts (Yum!). To get used to eating, I started by eating about 50 calories worth of the previous mentioned foods. Now, I'm up to 200 calories worth and I feel that's a good amount of fuel for my workout.
How do you mean? I have my MFP (free version) set to 60%C/20%F/20%P. On my food/nutrients tab, it currently shows that I can eat 162g more carbs, 50g protein, and I'm over by 5g of fat today.
If you can still find pumpkin pie Pop Tarts, go buy them immediately. They really nailed the pumpkin pie experience.
That's awesome that you signed up! Duathlons are so much fun! For your first multi-sport event (duathlon, triathlon, etc), a good goal is to finish and have fun. With an event of that distance, you're likely going to see participants of all ages and skill levels. The hardest parts of a duathlon tend to be the two runs. For the first run, you want to pace yourself to save energy for the next two legs. The second run is challenging because because your legs will likely feel tired after biking. This is where the training comes in. In addition to doing standalone runs and bikes, I recommend practicing biking then running a few times leading up to the race. It doesn't need to be a big run or bike, even 10 minutes of running is fine. These workouts are called "bricks" because your legs tend to feel like bricks when you start running after biking. I also recommend practicing your "transitions". This is where you switch from run to bike and back to run again. In the race, you will have a designated spot where you rack your bike (while running) and can leave other items like running shoes, visor, water bottle, etc. With lots of people around you, it can be a bit disorienting doing transitions the first time, so it's good to practice (e.g. practice setting your bike in its place, then removing your helmet, then putting your hat on, etc.). Good luck!
Overnight oats or chia puddings make great make-ahead breakfasts. Depending on your calorie/macro goals, you can make all kinds using various ratios of milks/oats/chia seeds/protein powder/fruit/etc.
If you've successfully cut 45 pounds using MFP, then you have all the data you need to determine your accurate TDEE. Say you lost one pound per week eating 2,000 calories per day, that means you were eating at a deficit of 3,500 calories per week or 500 per day. This means your TDEE (i.e. maintenance calories) is 2,000+500=2,500. For bulking, you can then add 200-500 calories per day for this for "bulking" calories of 2,700-3,000.
I prefer PC Points because I like shopping at Superstore/No Frills (good prices and good selection with PC products) and the PC Points are easy to redeem with "constant" values.
If you want to add more muscle mass over time, you'd need to go through bulking phases to achieve this.
I can ditto your comment exactly! I'm also Canadian, originally loved Quest Bars (and still do) but B-up bars overtook Quest as my favourite.
I forgot to bring a towel to the gym with me so I had to dry off, after showering, with the sweatpants I'd worn over my gym shorts. Thank goodness it's winter and the cold weather necessitated extra clothing.
Most cereals are primarily simple carbs and sugar that won't keep you full. Because of this, I look for cereals with lots of fiber and little or no added sugar. My go-to cereal combo is a serving of Fiber One or All Bran Buds (70 calories) plus two servings of puffed wheat (one serving is one cup for 50 calories).
Have you actually been maintaining your weight on 1,400 calories per day with all that activity? I would think you definitely need to be eating more to support all that exercise.
A TDEE of 1,746 isn't completely outside the realm of reasonability given your height, but my initial thought is that maybe there's an issue with your tracking. Over your 3.5 weeks using the spreadsheet, did you enter your calories every single day? Were there any days that you didn't track and just guessed? You say that you probably eat about 2,000 calories on the days where you eat whatever you want. From tracking some of those days, myself, I can attest to the fact that "whatever I want" can easily be over 4,000 calories.
[Deja Vu](https://www.reddit.com/r/OldSchoolCool/comments/4my9kf/michael_caine_circa_1968/)
