Twist and Shout - Beatles
Sushi. I don't see the point in it.
"Who was your favorite teacher?"
There is no being named Satan. Satanists are pure atheists. There are no supreme beings. Nature is indifferent to us. The closest thing to a god in our universe is ourselves. You are at the center of your own universe, and you have the power to change it.
I had exactly that happen. I won a $500 gift card in a golf tournament. It was to a very high end men's clothing store. Forget it. The suits started in the thousands. I managed to spend it on a pair of pants and some Ray Ban sunglasses.
Smoked cigarettes. Not long ago I quit for the same reason. Smoking continues to make you look older.
Toby from The Office.
Skipped Chris's funeral. Everybody did. She was a weird, unattractive, unpopular girl who few even noticed. She had a heart attack in gym class at 13. It was shocking to have a classmate die, but few were broken up by it because nobody really knew her. I don't know that a single classmate attended her funeral. This had to hurt her parents, and that never occurred to me until I became a parent myself. I wish I could go back and attend it, and encourage others to join me.
Your girlfriend is rotten to the Corps.
Joe Pesci - Goodfellas
One of the Flanders boys?
30Rock. I will get a joke on the fifth viewing that I didn't even hear on the first four.
That's called "Vaguebooking." A cry for attention.
That's the little wet spot.
President Bush vomiting on the Prime Minister of Japan.
Usain Bolt winning the Olympic gold in the 100 M is the best athletic performance I've ever seen.
I have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career.
There was an undertaker in southern USA that was raided, and hundreds of bodies that should have been cremated were thrown out in the woods behind his business. It was a shocking story, but it broke on or about 9/8/01 - and was hugely overshadowed a few days later.
I can play the drums.
Is Saturday Night Live popular? Either way, I just don't have the patience for it.
I already regret throwing away my first cell phone. Mid 80's from Radio Shack. Picture a car battery with a handset on it.
Tobias Funke?
Somehow it's OK to throw around the word "idiot," even though clinically that falls below "retarded" in the spectrum. Next step down is "moron," and that gets used with impunity too.
Eaten sushi. I'd try it if it was put in front of me, but otherwise the rawness doesn't appeal to me.
TIFU by invading and trashing Kuwait.
