I drink and drive heavily. They've clamped down on this recently so now whenever a cop pulls me over, I wait till he approaches and shoot him in the face. I wouldn't have to do this if the drink driving laws were less harsh so the drink driving laws are obviously to blame. Abolish drink driving laws and you'll be saving lives.
It's also because you are the only country that really really really gets into everyone else's shit. I mean, this is a Swiss organisation taking bribes from South Africa and funnelling them to Trinidad and Tobago. Other than the fact that some people involved are American and they used American banks, it has nothing at all to do with the US. But there you are anyway...
There's a break in the middle, which is usually 70% adverts. Also during the build up and at the end. Even with the long halves, still have about ten breaks.
Spicy food isn't acid and it won't burn your skin no matter how much you eat.
You were saying that the 'no breaks' system works for football. I was pointing out that football has plenty of breaks. That's all.
You're not wrong. No one is an idiot just for believing in God. Just like no one is an idiot just because they believe in homeopathy or telekinesis or astrology or aura cleansing.
Why, has someone fallen down the well?
No no, I got the point. You think that's it's wrong to generalise about people based on a certain aspect of their life. I agree with that, and was illustrating that agreement by saying that similar things happen to other types of people who believe similarly outlandish things.
But it does have more than one *advert* break, which is my point fnaar fnaar
When I was a small child, I told myself that when I was an adult I would have two microwaves. One for preparing food and the other for microwaving things like jelly and bricks just to see what happens . I'm an adult now but my dream of having a microwave solely for play has not come true :-(
So, what you're saying is that if I drown myself in icy cold water then I'll lose weight? Thanks for the info, I'll give it a crack! You should post this on Life Pro Tips!
That's interesting, I've heard of the drug, mostly in the context of people suffering horrific deaths as a result of taking too much, but always assumed that it isn't used medically because it's too dangerous. Could you mitigate that with an ice bath? If temperature is the problem then maybe but there might be some other effects that wouldn't be mitigated. Very interesting idea though, but sadly I lack the knowledge to know whether it would work or whether it would just lead to multiple convictions for manslaughter...
Not drowning may be better in the short terms but for long term weight loss, nothing beats death!
You realise I now desperately want to microwave some grapes, right?
I'm not objecting to anything other than the statement that football has no breaks. I'm also rapidly losing the will to live.
You implied that football manages to be successful despite the lack of breaks. All I was doing is pointing out that football actually has a lot of advert breaks, a fact that may not have been apparent to someone who doesn't watch football and certainly wasn't made clear in your comment. Was this a worthwhile contribution? Maybe, maybe not, but I sure as fuck didn't expect to still be discussing it a dozen replies and 24 hours later. If you disliked my thoroughly innocuous reply that much, you probably should have just ignored it.
You can't honestly believe that's the test. That you should only disbelieve things if you can prove they aren't true? If so, prove you're not a cucumber. Or prove that I'm not God.
No. Neither do you.
Oh god, the temptation! THE TEMPTATION!!
I don't understand what you mean?
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent. You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them? I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence. It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
You're right. The problem is that this argument can be used to prove anything and make any belief appear equivalent. You cannot prove that pixies aren't real, you cannot prove that whales don't live in volcanos and you cannot prove that you aren't not a cucumber. Does your inability to disprove these things mean you believe them? I'm not arguing that there is absolutely no God because there is no evidence for that. But I cannot believe in something for which there is no evidence. Yet your belief in God depends entirely *on* this lack of evidence. It is not possible to rationally argue that the absence of evidence for the existence of God is, in itself, evidence of the existence of God.
And yet you say that you *do* know...
The voidspace dude got banned, I wonder why he's different...
You absolutely right. Sounds like more of a methhead to me. Reckon she probably took the pokemon book off a trucker who found her unconscious in a highway rest stop after a 72 hour meth and jenkem binge with her pimp father, probably as payment for shitting in his mouth.
