At some point with the level of product placement we have been seeing... its 24/7
We still could have a Stanis battle...
You mean a timer that tells me I have to go x amount faster! Glorious idea!!
I have just mapped the yellows in my head on my route home. there are the turn outs for the turn lanes and they have these long solid white lines. Generally my rule of thumb is that if I am next to that line I can make the yellow since that is what the road designers decided was enough room to move out of traffic and safely stop for a light. Now sometimes you will get the stupid long turn lanes for lights that are high traffic but the majority of the time this works for me.
If done right this can cut congestion, if done poorly it causes it. If you are at a 4 way stop and 2 cars are traveling in opposing directions and can clear the intersection during the same period of time this allows twice the traffic flow.
Normal day.
Prices fall, company cuts budgets because you can never show a loss, building falls into disrepair, no one rents anymore, goes bankrupt, all housing lost.
IMHO, a soldier is whatever, a veteran is a hero. Once you have made the decision to put you're life on the line to fight as my proxy I owe you a debt I cannot repay. I don't care if you are as the person below a cook or in front line infantry, you have put yourself in harms way for me and our country.
Honestly, the only thing that could make a crypto currency worth anything is some sort of tracking and accountability system. Yeah anonymity is great for drugs and hookers but for a stable system that can be trusted it needs a paper trail, especially on the internet. I don't have the money to risk some new hack that takes all of my bitcoins.
My first seizure cat!
I can only imagine what happens when the cat stops running with that much inertia on the wheel with that little friction...
Or blow part of a babys chest off... not that anyone has tested that... oh wait...
Yay! Lets keep F1 using crap technology and nearly no suspension as we wouldn't want any real relevant tech to be designed.
What if we build a 56 rail wide slab of tracks and have bumper to bumper train cars...
That video demonstrates why open carry should be practiced more often. Every single one of those officers should be absolutely ashamed.
Yep as an atheist I know the feels. As a man with many religious family members though, those words are comfort and easily forgotten.
As an atheist I like to think of it this way. I never know someone in real time, everything is on a slight delay and my feelings for them are just memories. Memories are just electrical and chemical pulses that move between the wiring of a brain. I know when I die my electrical pathways die with me but as long as I am remembered I am still triggering neural pathways in another brain. I am imprinted on the brain of another and because of that I am as alive as I ever was but just not creating any new pathways. Death is not to be feared, to be forgotten is scary.
The only practical wheelie is a ever so slight power wheelie in first racing from a dig, past that keep 2 down on tha ground.
Plenty of new tech, they have to design shocks and springs that have much more travel than they currently do since the tire sidewall isn't much of the the suspension anymore. This means figuring out how to jam that into a very small space. Then they have wheel tech, they have to figure out the lightest and strongest way to make the wheels since larger rims are generally a little heavier. The brake tech changes also, they can have more variation in rotor design, cooling, and operating temp. It all combines into a massive change for every team and a new category of engineering competition.
And I think you have no clue what goes into suspension geometry and design and how much more dynamic the suspension will have to be if they move from the 13 inch wheel. Right now the majority of the suspension is in the tire. The move to 18s takes all of that away.
http://i.imgur.com/YwgbT16.gif
Would be bad for me... Worked out well for my wife.
From east texas, may be able to shed some light. Looked like he was throwing another bit of pipe onto the end of the drill. He first removes the piece that connects to the drive side of the drill, this is what he puts over to the right. He then latches onto a new section of drill pipe and screws it onto the end of the pipe in the ground. Now they push that pipe down and put the drive connection back on and they can drill another 10 foot or so section. (Not a roughneck, not sure of any of the terminology)
Do you want to kill the last good paying jobs for the uneducated masses... cause that's how you start the beginning of the end.
Pretty sure they fail a lot. From east Texas... brother in law is a roughneck/oil field trash, does lots of meth, lost his 3 sons... Every time he comes home he gets clean... every time he goes back to the field he gets back on the shit... Until that one time he brought some back and now I have a meth addicted sister in law.
