When I first got it, it worked off the toolbar, not with E. After saving and reloading, it worked with E.
I disagree. I made it and immediately put it on my hotbar to use it, same as the pick and the hammer. Worked fine like this until after I saved and reloaded.
Note though: you only get a glowstick if the glowstick is farther up in your inventory than the flare gun~
at the end of the punch line.
I'm just now becoming aware of the concept of a "summoner"... it seems like bee armor allows 3 pets at a time. Is bee armor viable for hardmode or should I stick with a platinum set?
Interesting, and yes you're right. It only replaces the most recently summoned monster. I can do any combination as long as I unsummon
Yeah I've had a couple insanely amazing drops on this character. Shame it's only a game and not the lottery
Yes on the bewitcher table and well fed, never seen a summoner potion I'll have to brew some. Do I need to keep drinking the potions to keep the buff, or just once before I summon? Also, what's an EoW scarf?
I used the yo-yo a lot in regular mode, but it seems like it doesn't work when I have 5 summons going.. they hit the enemy so rapidly my yoyo never connects/bounces and the counterweight never comes out.
hmmm, i didn't think to check, but that's probably why, I had just gotten back from fishing so it was probably past midnight already. That's good information, thanks! :)
That being the case, wouldn't the corruption invalidate the room regardless of whether or not there was a door?
This is fascinating.... Way more complex than I was originally thinking, but it gives me a lot of ideas. As far as the movement physics goes though, there's no situation where a block will bump a player moving at a set speed a different way randomly?
Hmmm, actually since building out the trap system, it's common for there to be a total of 10+ enemies caught in tiger pits, and since I'm not actively hunting them down they are dying very slowly. I hadn't considered the total population might have an impact, but that's definitely a side effect of me not actively going through laps around my perimeter killing things. Thanks for the detailed response!
Actually the video made me realize, NPC wandering is non-deterministic, right? A friendly NPC locked in a room with a pressure plate should hit it an unpredictable number of times (though probably not useful for virtual computers) Additionally, there seems to be some randomness to spawning piranhas from a statue on dry land. If a crab was spawned and there was a switch on his right and on his left, I'd imagine his direction of choice would be 50/50. Additionally, I've noticed when mine carts have underside collisions, I sometimes get unpredictable results, and occasionally even at max speed, a certain jumping route that's carefully calculated can misfire. I spent a lot of time trying to get a mine cart to fly through a door and the results were inconsistent. I'm going to try to play around with sequences of boost tracks and see if I can make something unpredictable happen, will report back.
Regarding the saucer, I've had it spawn as early as 11%, and when I'm standing outside they literally spawn back to back with less than a 2-3 second delay between them, and as soon as I go down into my base they stop spawning. In fact, if I sit in my base and don't attack, I can sit there for 5-6 minutes and not see a single saucer, and the instant I emerge, a saucer spawns.
I was actually wondering if it was an inside joke, maybe the actress had dated Rob off-set or something. She apparently had a date with Perd as well, so she's sort of the classic "I know a guy" trope who the writers can retroactively claim has had a date with just about anyone if it drives the plot.
actually i have it on vhs, but I'm watching the YIFY rip. I'll need to compare the two. I didn't know that about TV stations though, that's interesting. Edit: I cross referenced, the YIFY rip goes back to regular speed about 20 minutes in, but the first 20 is definitely sped up visually. Same on my VHS.
Oh I agree he's definitely not a parasite, a shoulder wound immediately reveals parasites plus with pinkish blood, so the direct red blood chest shot proves he's real. That said, he's obviously something unusual as well, as is Rick, since only he and Rick seem to be directly capable of accurate 4th wall breaks. My theory is that Rick is, in a way, some sort of producer, and Mr Poopypants is in some way the audience.
Him being from a different dimensions seems needlessly complicated...
apparently you and I differ greatly on our understanding of the definition of the word "major"
at the big chicken store.
Nope, /u/Charlie_Zulu, you're totally wrong; I'm not trying to get a space station to fly to a different planet, I'm trying to get it to orbit Kerbal. I'm aware that KSP is difficult, the "difficulty" i'm having is that a 3 part space station wiggles around like an angry worm on a hot sidewalk while floating in orbit doing NOTHING.
Hmmm, I keep getting lured into the "more fuel, bigger ship" concept. I suppose keeping my fuel-to-ship ratio maximized could be done with smaller tanks.
Humm, have you heard about "KAS" and "KIS"? Lots of people are saying things that make it sound like there IS a way to do this...
precioussssss...
