Thanks.
"I'm building a ladder to get you out of here."
Megadeth
Similarly, I've been asked by CoD-bros over the headset if I'm Minnesotan. Close enough.
You guys realize he was trying to catch a ball from the outfield that sailed over his glove, right? You can see it on both sides of him.
Now I get it.
Pretty sure that's Robb executing Lord Karstark. Edit: on re-watching, this is a huge episode, right down to the song over the credits.
S3E5 has Shireen singing a Patchface song, first briefly in scene and then extended over the credits. Awesome episode all around.
That's the strongest stuff I've ever crinkled.
Definitely need a gif of CBC's shot of Toews spinning with the Cup.
I've felt ever since reading Feast that she's just tragic. Not that I can sympathize or root for her, but I get the impression that she'd be perfectly content with a small life on a farm with kids, but there's no way she could ever have had it. When she dies, I hope she doesn't suffer long. Jaime will see to that.
Are you me? *Good idea, but they're harder to throw.*
So. ~~I was...~~ ~~I'm a little curious...~~ oh god don't make me ask it. What does two cups feel like?
Sorely underlooked fact, that.
Rebels flair, nice.
Of all the things to be proud of, you choose BP?
I mean, he's Jon Quick and you're watching the game, so...
Red Deer's worst claim to fame.
You're not in the minority, they were always terrible. Fucking low tempo "punk" music. I'll bet they get calluses from their guitar picks.
Why is Seth Green relevant? I know he's part of RC, but I was specifically talking about MacFarlane's role in the skit.
With the game Ramo's having? Yeah, no.
You kind of support the point you're arguing against - if it was a man, Kylo presumably wouldn't have any sexual urge. Because Rey is a woman, the threat takes on another layer.
I love that they try to stop drinking in Finland.
Corsi (For?)% means they've taken 51.9% of even-strength shots on goal over the course of their streak, I believe. Not sure what PDO is.
I turned the difficulty down a couple times too, but my experience was that the combat became even more rinse-and-repeat at lower levels. Ideally, the combat should require you to use a variety of signs, potions, bombs and swordplay in each encounter, with different aspects taking a more prominent role in different fights. While it didn't feel visceral and frantic like a good Souls battle, I thought The Witcher 3 excelled at making you learn how to use all your skills, rather than simply min-maxing your way to your favourite superweapon.
