You wanted to throttle your MIL? Sounds like every sitcom dad in history...
Isn't that how hedge clippers are made?
What about Maggie Simpson? She's like 26 by now and that's still pretty much all she does in any episode. :b
I'm reminded of a story I head online about a year ago. A man was at Burger King when a mom and her 6-year-old son show up. The kid was screaming up a storm, yelling "I want a fucking pie!" again and again, and the mother wasn't doing anything about it. The man got so fed up that when he got to the counter he ordered all 26 pies they had. As he walked away with his bounty he just smiled triumphantly at the little brat and his enabling mother. It's the most awesome and justified bit of spiteful behavior I've ever heard of.
A friend with weed is a friend indeed.
Not just gay people; homosexuality has been observed in dozens of species. It's very common in dolphins.
It might help to add that so far Ireland is the only country that has legalized gay marriage by popular vote, and that was just a few weeks ago.
It's a trap! ADMIRAL AKBAR!
None of the schools I ever went to growing up even HAD lockers except in the gym; we were expected to just leave our books at home on the days we didn't need them for class and keep them in our backpacks on the days when we did need them. It pisses me off that movies seem to think every school everywhere has lockers.
My school didn't have lockers at all; everyone just left their books at home except on days when the teachers specifically told us we were going to need them in class.
I have a very nice decorative sword in my room; I wish I knew how to sharpen it. I often imagine that if someone broke in I'd use it to threaten them. Sure it has a dull blade because it's for decoration, but the burglar doesn't know that.
When exactly did Moses go from being a feeble man with a terrible stuttering problem to being freaking William Wallace. They seem to have mixed up their stories of escaping slaves. The tale of Moses was about the Jews FLEEING Egypt, not busting out. The film makers seem to have confused Moses with Spartacus.
To be fair, Blackfish, which is what caused all their negative publicity, was extremely biased. They only bothered to look for testimonies from people who were already on their side. That's not informative, it's propaganda. If they really wanted to be informative they would have presented both sides of the issue with equal objectivity and left it to the viewers to decide whose side they were on.
I agree. People say Flo from the Progressive ads is annoying, but that smug redheaded bitch from the Wendy's commercials is a nightmare.
Personally, one that I'd list is Click. It had the potential to be a great comedy, but halfway through it made a very abrupt shift from comedy to tragedy.
What struck me as odd about that movie is that it seems to be exaggerating the violence of the human race. I mean, if there were no laws for one night I may do a bit of petty theft but I certainly wouldn't have any desire to kill anyone. In some places where there's a gang problem I could see that happening, but in most places I really find it hard to imagine very many people actually doing much more than vandalism and theft.
I wish he'd wait it out for a few more elections until moving to Canada would be a more feasible option for me (in other words, when I've had more time in the workforce so I can network out and work my way up to Canada).
The people in the mascot costumes at sports games and theme parks.
Viagra: "Takes a licking and keeps on ticking"
Nah, nobody there but Zule.
I would love to live in Canada in the future. California is too dang hot and crowded, so the cold temperatures and low population density of Canada would be a blessing for me. Looks like this is another thing to prepare for XD
Local coyotes are the reason why my outdoor cat has to stay in our atrium at night. Funny, a lot of people keep cats indoor during the day and let them out at night, but we have our cat outside in the day and inside at night. The other morning I went to let her out, but I suddenly heard yelping coyotes nearby so I decided to wait about another hour before letting her out.
I'm a liberal and would love to move to Canada. It's not really too much because of the US government; it's just that Canada seems so much more peaceful in general. Also, I'm sick of the high temperatures and population density of Southern California, so I'd love to live in a much colder and less densely populated place like Canada.
The Westboro Baptist Church is to Christianity what ISIS is to Islam.
Why did you eat dog treats?
