House
glad to see the FSU jets getting attention
trust me, on a CVN they don't "need" to conserve water - they dump 8k gallons of fresh water over the side every day ----- was explained to me this way.. they just want you to practice being miserable - so when its time to be miserable, you can be miserable right
well.. an "early release" version of the hornet - not a *finished* product --- have fun with that ---- I assure you, the hornet will be a day-1 purchase for me - the day it is pronounced "finished"
mm.. i don't mind paying a little extra for premium content ---- not much more to it than that
quality
"Other map environments are also in development that include the Strait of Hormuz, Afghanistan, Syria, and Crimea." https://www.reddit.com/r/hoggit/comments/4mjb8c/new_fa18c_cockpit_picture/ hmm!
plot twist - this guy IS a fat people!!lol
"shooter is down - shooter is 10-79" *sigh*
are you even hearing what you're saying???
hard to see - had to zoom in (on a cell ph)
so.. what could this mean for prospects of interstellar travel?? can you set out on such a long journey safely? ( https://youtu.be/CcX8mDRIhYE?t=5s )
why stop there? why not CG the whole car, the sky, the earth and the road ------ if you're willing to CG the exterior of the car, mounted on a "representative" model, i don't see why we need anything physical at all
what about the bullet cluster? how dark matter went kept going and didn't get slowed down - wouldn't "regular matter" blackholes get slowed down when passing past eachother??
yeah - i'm hoping they're dialing it in so we don't have these "plasma burners" anymore ----- i like the progress they're making - they're really making an effort - kudos
so... still better than MS Flight Simulator : )
i love brit democracy ----- keep voting till you get the result you want
the vibrance setting is also incredible.........
pull forward until you're looking straight across - look at the vertical stabilizers, when you see the leading edge of the far one, you're in position --- "stack line spacing"
obama ---- the gift that just keeps on giving
don't go away mad - just go away
we dodged a bullet
what's the saying? no good deed......?
savage! haha
HOW do we protect our country from these people???
