Its all connected at this point. Jontron, Gamegrumps, Steven Universe, Gravity Falls... Its forming the ulti-fandom RUN FOR YOUR LIVES!
The President: Dang nabbit not on an election year!
Shhhhhhh! Spoilers!
Nope. No humens allowed.
They started by destroying our greatest superhero... Florida Man.
I'm wondering if it has too to be a living planet. What about Mars or Mercury?
The plot thickens...
Don't worry guys, looks like Hawaii is still safe and sound!
Those are Roses feet you son of a bi- gun.
She may have also forgotten to clear her browser history, but that's a story for another day...
Almost every Telltale game ever.
If I am remembering right one of the plans in Invader Zim involved hollowing out the earth...
Hmmm. Giraffe mom still takes it.
Definitely. Whether its Star Wars or some other fictional universe its always good to know that there is something familiar to go back to every once and awhile. Poor Lucas. His hearts always been in the right place.
Uncanny Valley effect. Even as a kid, Jar-Jar and Grievous just made me feel... weird. The final fight between Grievous and Obi-Wan in particular makes me feel wierd...
Never.
Ugh, it's called Life Day throughout the rest of the galaxy. Get it right, geeze.
They're like Pokemon. BIRDMOM I CHOOSE YOUUUUU!!!
That makes a lot of sense actually... I don't think she ever specifically says she made it, just that everything there was super advanced.
CHAAAAPPPSSS, NO!
So far I get the feeling that Pearls are more like Butlers or personal assistants rather than indentured servants or slaves. I was pretty surprised to see how much personality Yellow Pearl had and I imagine she may have a lot of pride in her role as Yellow Diamonds servant and confidant. Just because you're someone's servant doesn't automatically mean your life is miserable. Butler and personal assistant are high paying career paths for a reason. On that note, Pearl took her service to the next level by taking up arms for Rose like a knight or a samurai. Hmm... Now if I could only tie in Lil'Butler....
Hot damn. I've seen a ton people take the OPM theme and put it over a new background, but yours is handily the best. Kudos man.
I think it's implied that gems have some sort of religion, because of the moon goddess statue and all that business. From looking at it, it seems to be humanoid and is *holding* a gem, rather than having one on its body. I've always had an inkling that the lunar sea spire might have some significance we haven't heard about, or not, who knows. It's also worth noting that MAGIC exists in this universe so literally anything is possible. Maybe they were created by the Sneeple or some other extra-dimensional beings...
Isn't this also the temple where some kind of battle between Rose Quartz and White Diamond is depicted? The statue may be allusion to that or maybe it's all an elaborate tomb? Also, what was their reason for going there again? I can't remember...
I kinda miss the "monster of the week" format they used to have. I mean, the plot-heavy arcs are awesome, but I'm not a fan of the "impending doom" style of motivation to move the plot forward. A little more focus on the alternate timeline human culture would be cool too. I'm really curious about this Empire City... and Ocean town... Keystone Caverns...
