He had two pro bowl years in Denver.
Barwin, Matthews, Cox, Peters are some names I'm thinking about right now.
Happen to have any VODS of you playing it? It's fun but it's not working for me when I try it. Feel like I'm missing some nuances. (I am bad, that is a large part of why.)
We should trade him considering how stacked we are at the position. We will get at least 2 firsts considering his incredible blocking.
They are basically pet dairy goats, they aren't being raised for meat.
iPhone 5s.
He's still learning to talk so it's a little early for that. I'm a vegetarian personally but his Mom (who took the photo) and Dad are not. They do eat vegetarian meals occasionally. His parents are animal lovers and he has been around animals since he was born. Multiple pets in the house, Mom took him to the barn to meet her horse, loves looking at my fish tank. So I doubt he will end up a vegetarian but he will definitely have a healthy respect for animals. The goats there are basically pet dairy goats. They aren't being raised for meat.
No, it's not, retard.
Good stuff, and thanks for your link to your previous post. You should start a blog.
No.
3 NFL championships, including the only playoff victory over the guy the Super Bowl trophy is named after. That's reality. But even if the idea that the Eagles are without a championship was not ahistorical idiocy, hanging your hat on that idea for a podcast name is something a Cowboys fan would do, not an Eagles fan. But hey, do it if you think being proudly ignorant about the history of the team you are talking about is going to get you listeners. I think this thread is pretty good evidence it's not the best strategery, but keep fucking that chicken if it's what floats your boat.
Don't sleep on Hollywood Huff either.
"Regional" brewer is probably the best description for Yuengling, not craft but not InBev either.
It's not like it's totally undeserved, ya know.
Meanwhile, Jason Peters, better player...is in the building for voluntary workouts.
Well duh, I just said that.
That is an extremely lucrative career for an NFL guard. The reason he didn't make more over that time is that he sucked ass until he got to the Eagles. And even now, he is seriously overrated by a lot of observers. There was basically zero impact when he was injured last year. He is overpaid for a guard. He's whining and holding out over his contract. He's old. His response to his coach saying he couldn't get a trade offer for him was to tell his boss "Deez" (Nutz) on Twitter. Why the hell would anybody keep him around for a contract THAT NOT A SINGLE TEAM IN THE ENTIRE LEAGUE would take on for even a 7th round pick? &gt;Mathis played in nine games: the season opener, when Nick Foles was the starting quarterback, and the eight games that Mark Sanchez started. Over the seven games that Mathis missed, the Eagles averaged 122 rushing yards a game. Over the nine games he played, they averaged 127. The difference was negligible. &gt;It wasn't when it came to protecting Foles or Sanchez. Foles threw 311 passes last season, Sanchez 309. But Foles, who started seven games without Mathis, was sacked on just 2.8 percent of his pass attempts. Sanchez, who didn't start a game without Mathis, was sacked 6.9 percent of the time. That's 21/2 times more frequently than Foles. You can say that disparity was based largely on Sanchez's tendency to hold the ball, or Foles' to get rid of it. What you can't say is that Mathis made the Eagles' pass protection, or their run-blocking, significantly better last season. Chip Kelly definitely wouldn't, and as everyone learned again Thursday, his is the only opinion that counts. http://www.philly.com/philly/sports/eagles/20150612_Kelly_dismisses_another_star_who_wouldn_t_buy_in.html#vj60qo5O0qUlQCfV.99
You say that. **Every single GM in the NFL says no** if the cost is even a 7th round pick, and one team even if they don't have to give up a 7. They had two years to get him. Not a single GM in the entire NFL did it. Guards are not a hot commodity you break the bank for, they are easy to replace. I just gave you the stats for his missed time, the downgrade from a "top 5" guard to his backup was basically non-existent.
A second job to pay the bills? Lol.
Yes but he actually deserved to. As you can tell by the fact that a team later traded for him for a first round pick and more and then later gave him the big money he wanted. This was because he was an elite player at an elite position in his prime, not an over the hill guard who not a single GM in the NFL would give up a 7th round pick for with his overpriced contract.
So did Mathis!
According to some website, not NFL general managers. And again, at an easily replaceable position and old.
No, the racist Washington team. Being the last team to integrate, and then only under threat from the federal government...leads to a lot of old school fans in the South.
Over two years.
The Summer Wheat is priced higher than other Yuengling products. I'm a huge fan of it.
