Patch it with sheets of styrene, use filler to blend, and then sand to shape. If the error is that large, contact the manufacturer; they will supply you with a new part free of charge, usually. The current mfg is Round 2 models, and they are supposedly very nice people.
Again, it depends. There is no absolute answer for this. My preferences change by project and there's no "standard answer" even for myself. Also, models photograph differently than what our eye sees, so what looks pretty in a photograph might actually look horrendous in person. Light/bare metal airframes with too dark washes (dark brown, black) look silly. Dark airframes with dark colors make no sense. For the grey aircraft, it can be more towards the dark brown/gray/black range, it depends on *where* the area is. See my F/A-18E in 1/144. The wash is a sludge of payne's gray, and a touch of raw umber. http://imgur.com/a/YMU4a
There is also a third alternative: prebuilt mixes and guides written by Mig productions, AK, and the Spanish companies. A cottage industry has sprung up in the last 5 years that has since swept the model press by storm, where they offer everything from particular effects (rain, grime, snow, mud, oil, whatever), to specific color "modulation" effects (dark, light, shadow, worn paint, chipping fluids). Often sold in "packs" that encourage you to buy a product for every single effect you want to create, while providing professional/expert builder advice on how to achieve or clone their effects that they've become known for. That would remove much of your questions, because someone has already figured it out for you (as well as dilution, chemistry, mix ratios, paint compatibility). I personally stick with very "easy remove" materials like pencil graphite, pastel chalk (poor man's weathering powder), acrylic gel mediums, and watercolors. I rarely use oil washes because I find the smells unpleasant and cleanup tedious. I also tend towards "cleaner" builds because after spending all that time building a model I can't be bothered emulating field conditions in many cases, save for armor models. Finally, there's a modern trend towards dirtying up just about everything, including things where it might be excessive. Preshading and the like are very useful techniques, but when overused, create *visually interesting* but not actually accurate paint and wear patterns. There was a hilarious "letters to the editor" from a former tank crewer in Fine Scale Modeler in the last year or so, where a former tank crew member said "STOP IT WITH THE RUSTING TANK TREADS." He claimed that operational tank treads, while muddy, would NOT be rusted; instead, rocks and asphalt would tend to polish it in a color more like a gunmetal/black color. There's some truth to this. Further, Spencer Pollard, even 10 years ago, said something like (He used to write for a now defunct magazine, but has taken up shop elsewhere with other English magazines) "there is a trend these days of weathering everything up to the eyeballs, without any regard to how the originals might have survived in combat." (It was for a review of a Revell 1/32 HE-162, which frankly, would've had very short operational lifespans from finishing of construction to final disposition). If you want an example of this taken to the extreme, see Revell Germany's box art models of the 1/32 Hawker Hunter (preshading on panel lines gone *way* out of hand), or their 1/32 Hawk T.1A (preshading to the point where it's like the mechanics painted black rings around each drop tank.)
Future is allegedly designed to be self levelling (it's floor polish, after all, the original users, people with hardwood floors, would hardly spray this stuff, use a mop or something like that), but where possible, I would spray it. For your woodworking project, OP, take a sample and test it. my F-18E has it brushed on using a wide brush (about 1/4th inch wide, it's a model a few inches wingtip to wingtip). http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzzms/brush_painted_1144_f18e_old_project_not_complete/ See also: https://sites.google.com/site/donsairbrushtips/future-floor-polish And: http://www.pledge.com/en-US/Products/Pages/floor-care-finish.aspx
And no, if the parts are warped (photos)? You send them a photo of them, and ask them politely to send you a new, non-damaged kit, at their expense. Plastic model companies are good about this sort of thing, and Revell isn't bad about it either. In fact, if the kit was in that bad shape in the first place, you should have asked before even starting. In your letter, also note that you bought *two* kits trying to give them the benefit of the doubt, and express (politely) your frustration at being disappointed twice. Ask if there's some way they can make up for the severe inconvenience. It's not inconceivable that if the two kits came from the same flawed production batch that you got two bum kits. I've almost never heard anything (if at all) about poor fitting F-15Es; it's one of those kits that rarely gets criticized outside of absolute accuracy issues. Academy makes an F-15E. http://modelingmadness.com/review/mod/us/labf15e.htm
Professional modelmakers. In the ye olden days professional modelmakers did this kind of stuff on contract. A derivative today is people who build architectural models for a living. Whereas now, CAD and digital models dominate many areas, in the old days, companies, including naval architects and auto manufacturers had entire departments dedicated to modelmaking and making mockups of prototypes. As for the specific builder, I do not know. These kinds of models are not cheap, and cost thousands of dollars.
Where is this office? US? Denmark?
That was a bit tight, but there was no gap (hairline at best). What you do for that is to hold the model vertical, press the point of the noise onto a hard surface, and push.
Wood models became a lot more common in the late 1990s and 2000s (if you go on ebay, you can find replicas of practically any aircraft you can imagine). That is one possible source of the model. It might be a one-off/custom or small batch production for promotional or other purposes. It's worth checking with say, a batman fan forum to see if there's any data. The logo looks rather old and faded (unless that's what the original looked like) indicating it might actually be fairly old. So I'd take a look to see if any promotional models were made, or whether anyone ever heard of these being made as a prize, promo, or office decoration for a studio or something like that (which would be the coolest possibility). For 3 dollars, that's a bargain, even if it's not worth anything as far as collectors value is concerned. It's a nice piece of work and the scale of the model is nothing like a plastic kit. If you can't find any more history on it, it's at least unique and interesting, especially if put in a case next to some vintage comics.
Yes, that might work. I'll have to check the sprocket dimensions. Which Stug did they fit? III/IV?
Sounds like they might fit the bill. I'll see if the mfg gets back to me about spending spare tracks, otherwise I might take you up on those.
You will definitely ruin your canopy. It'll fog the canopy if you attempt to use it, and then you'll have to spend time polishing it back to original state. Tenax is just another plastic welding solvent. While some chemical aspect of it might be proprietary, it's no different than any other plastic welding solvent/cement that you'd use. Some people say that coating canopies in future will allow you to use it without crazing, I'ved had mixed results from that. There are canopy glues that are not white glue (or PVA, as it's known in the trade). Humbrol Clearfix is one. I never liked it much. Revell also makes a canopy glue, though I suspect that's just repackaged white glue. Other white glues with potentially better working properties: 1. Titebond or weldbond (it's one or the other, the name escapes me at the moment, but it'll say it's a general purpose adhesive that is water resistant, but not waterproof) glue. It's a PVA adhesive that is basically a better, quicker drying, and more permanent form of white glue. I believe it's also water resisting, but not waterproof. 2. Tacky glue (available in craft stores). It's a thicker kind of white glue. I haven't used it, but it is one possible alternative. Others: 1. I very rarely hear it recommended, but some people say epoxy might work. However, I'd be skeptical. Lots of epoxy doesn't dry clear and will yellow over time and exposure. Honestly, your best bet is to stick with white glue, buy a solvent based adhesive such as humbrol that is formualted not to craze canopies, and so on.
Sorry, let me look that up. Actually, it's weldbond. http://www.amazon.com/Weldbond-8-120125-Adhesive-4-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000H5OKN6. Honestly, wood glue is a similar formulation (often it's some kind of PVA), but anyway. Heere's a tutorial if you want. the remarks about future being discontinued are not correct, unless you're in Europe (and even then, alternatives apparently exist, and if not, humbrol's new "Clear" product, which I suspect is just rebottled floor polish). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WzaLUL3Ads
Yes, I'm aware of that, but in case people aren't aware. Some larger supermarkets also have it, but that seems to be an east coast thing.
Bottle fed brushes are siphon fed, which means that they generally (but not always) require higher operating pressures, correct alignment of the siphon to ensure proper feeding of paint, and can (but not always) uses more paint. Siphons/bottle feeds also depend on having a certain MINIMUM amount of paint in order for the feed to work. This means that any batch of paint you custom mix either (1) has to be used up in that single session, or (2) must be stored in an airtight container until the next session. This is not a problem if you spray paints without thinning and out of the bottle, but it's much more inconvenient if you spray a custom mix of thinned paint. Some modelers, even if they know the proper mixing ratios for a particular thinned paint, like to use the same batch because you know that that mixed batch will be consistent with itself, but not necessarily with another batch mixed to identical proportions. People use gravity feeds because they operate with lower pressures, can use a tiny drop or two of paint. For example, I used to use bottle feed. I usually had to use several ML of paint and thinner to meet the threshold for the bottle feed. Gravity feed (in a clean brush, mind) requires nothing more than a few drops into the paint channel and some thinner, and that should be enough. Unless you're coating large sections of a model, you're rarely going to fill that paint reservoir anyway. I use cheap chinese made airbrushes, and find them servicable (but seriously ,get a bettter one if you can afford it). The first one I bought had a pretty large cup (4 of 5 ccs, I think). The latest one? I bought a 2cc cup because honestly, I *never* spray enough paint to fill it anyway, so why bother? There are people who use bottle feeds and can get great results. Gravity feed is just a bit easier to use in my opinion. However, either one is fine.
My general order of assembly of the cockpit: 1. Paint the instrument panel whatever color it's supposed to be. 2. Paint the cockpit tub whatever color(s) it's supposed to be. 3. Pick out controls with silver/white highlights, detail paint the controls looking at reference photos where possible, use graphite dust as a highlighter where appropriate. 4. Put future floor polish mixed with the relevant clear color in the radar displays (it's not 100% accurate since powered off screens are black, but it's interesting to look at and a nice effect.) 5. Gloss coat ALL of the cockpit surfaces where decals will be placed. 6. Decal the instrument panel. If it's supposed to conform over bumps and knobs and actual surface detail, make sure to use decal setting solution or it won't stick properly. 7. Wait for the decal to dry. Then flat coat if appropriate. 8. Drop using a very small brush, future into the "glass" dials of the instrument panel. **The instrument panel should be decaled as a separate part where possible (easier to do it that way, since you'll have the most access to it) and then glued to the final cockpit tub. Your order is fine. I would leave the instrument panel OFF if it's separate, because it'll make it easier to place the decals (on a flat surface) instead of trying to wedge it into an already assembled cockpit.
Places to get sci fi kits. This really depends on what it is you want. Companies that make Sci Fi kits these days: Bandai (star wars) Revell Germany (they had star wars kits until recently those might be out of production now). Round 2 Models (lots of classic sci fi, Star trek, Star Wars, fictional spaceflight, some old aurora models of the classics era). Mobius models (BSG, various other sci fi and similar themes). Sites to purchase: Starshipmodeler.com store (you'll pay a bit of a premium for buying from the guy who runs the site; he has an integrated store and it used to be a very good website for sci fi modelers). He has everything from resin bits, to mainstream Japanese sci fi kits, to star wars kits and so on. You can search by subject, scale, material, etc. Culttvman Store. I've never shopped there, but it used to be a pretty good site that displayed builds and articles as well. Hobbylink Japan. Located in Japan, but which gets the latest and greatest as far as Japanese kits and sci fi are concerned. If you want a Bandai star wars kit, for example, they'll likely have it before everyone else. Federation Models. Another older site, which specialized in star trek models (including esoteric resin kits). Not sure how they are these days.
It's not necessary, nor required, nor a rule of this sub.
Nice job, nice build, and ha, the deadline's months away. Maybe a second entry?
One way is preshading. Paint the panel lines (and the darkened area you see) in a color like black. Paint the final color over it, taking care not to completely cover the black or until you see a similar shading of the panel lines and access hatches. This is generally possible only with an airbrush because of the control required to land paint into the correct panel lines, and to also selectively coat the final color on top of the shaded lines.
Use a wide brush, up to 1/4inch wide for the large areas, use small brushes for detail painting. Painting with a small brush will increase likelihood of brushstrokes that you won't like. Resin is not the same as plastic models. As listed by other submitters: 1. It can't be glued by regular plastic glue. Use Superglue/Cyanoacrylate. 2. It MUST be washed prior to painting or anything else you're doing, because it often is coated with silicone "grease"/lubricant that is used to make removing the finished resin item from molds easier. 3. It's much more brittle than plastic. 4. Primer's probably a good idea, i.e. a layer of gray, white, or similar paint (or specially formulated primer) so the final colors have something to stick to. Many tutorials can be found. "Building your first resin model" is the search parameter I used. http://www.oldmodelkits.com/blog/plasitc-model-kits-how-tos/how-to-build-resin-model-airplane-kits-resin-101/
And lower your expectations. Most people's first models are not the best. Honestly, since you're new at this and that's your favorite tank, you really should try building something else (or at least, PAINTING something else) before you try it on your prized model.
Always love these weird guys, who have no apparent sense of irony. However, the reviews are okay, and they do provide shots of what's in the box and the like. If you are of similar political opinions and you don't get offended if you don't share them, it's a resource. I think there are better ones out there, though. He does have quite a collection of models though.
That's a pretty good one. Steelnavy.com also had some decent reviews back in the day, but it looks like the site's been inactive for a while. If you can't navigate the site easily you can always try to search for it through a search engine by typing in the name/scale of the ship and then typing in the website name. There's also a "search within" website function on google that you can use. See e.g.: http://steelnavy.com/ReviewsChapters.htm Occasionally, cybermodeler will also provide in box previews of kits. See here. http://www.cybermodeler.com/naval.shtml It seems that many of the ship modelers with sites (that aren't personal blogs or have extensive collections) tend to have comparatively primitive navigation interfaces. Hope that helps.
I don't think that there's anything to be "careful" about, save for the fact that I (personally) find his political opinions misinformed, ironic, or rather silly. But to each his own. He's a guy who likes building models and does reviews of them, good for him. I guess it *might* be a problem if you're browsing his site at work, in which case your search history might start looking a little NSFW, or your webpage history if he hosts any popups. But then again, if you're browsing the internet at work and you don't have one of those super slow jobs where you have ample free time, then you might have larger problems in the first place.
