If she does not respect you now, she never will. Run.
same as any religion, tbh.
look for another job then, and thats ASAP. IF this blows up, you'll might be facing up to legal action on a word vs word alone. Also, document everything.
on one hand, yes, on the other, they are way overused in this area, unfortunately.
Also what /u/Skellum said here, exactly.
Power. With power, you can get both the money and sex easily.
unless you own a good porn studio? ;)
yeah, she definetly needs a proffesional, and that proffesional is a police officer. This is a very FUCKED UP what her husband wants, imo.
this reason is called safety procedures. And they are called for more prosaic situations than an engine failure on takeoff - just because you have up to few hundred people on board.
She made her own decision, she should pay the consequences. Not you.
it only smells if she didnt wash her teeth...:&gt;
Married her, now we actually want a baby :&gt;
Biologically, 20-25 years old (for a woman), between puberty and 40 for a man. Reality - when you have a stable income/place to live on your own, can afford the additional expense, are in a stable relationship (so the kid has a stable, loving, family situation, not some war-like scenario to live in), and want a kid.
Maybe because, for many people, a legal move is just not that important to stay together / care for each other and the baby long-term?
Or just, not fill your life with work, and have time for him, maybe? If she's constantly away (13 hours daily work, plus commute, etc, chores, life in other words - all that adds up to probably what? 17-18 hours? More?) and their schedules don't exactly meet, he might be simply too tired / not in a mood for sex.
Bah. real men use Hercules!
Alternatively, automate your job, school, family, and sleep? :D
The question is: what does she do? If she is activelly exploiting this, I'd go as far as looking for a new partner.
Yeah, sadly, we men do not get to choose wheter or not we want to be a parent. If a woman deems we are to be one, we are forced into it. Such fun /s Ultimately, it was OP's decision to go thru with it, not a forced choice by her SO. The question is, why her SO pushed so hard. He might well have a valid reason not to be tied to her now. Was this checked / resolved? Dont dismiss his side of the story as easily. Edit: for me, this sounds like a buried deep lack of trust issue.
Umm...yeah. It might be awkward, but without communication you two will not resolve anything - but you will just make even more problems by not communicating properly / at all. Think about it. Now, if he does not respond to communication...make him your ex-bf.
If you do not have feelings for her / do not want to go exclusive - stay away, and strongly consider additional birth control that is 100% controlled by you alone. Just in case she gets an idea to use "ooopsie baby" card.
Break up. One month in is not a point to making such life-altering decisions like moving.
You mean?
OP's just pretending to be an adult if she is cheating while drunk. Just saying.
I double that. You and your feelings/needs should be his first concern. Also, taking a dog for a sleepovers? Wait, what...?
