Dude in the middle has a "Creepy Ass Cracker" badge.
He looks like a dude and he has got sideburns.
You should have left it where you found it.
I've never even seen a cleaver so small. Either that or the slice of bread is gigantic...
Are you telling us that their world isn't flat? Heathen!
It really pissed me off that the only melee weapon was a cricket bat. You're in England, I FUCKING GET THAT. Where are all the garden tools, crowbars, the metal pipes? You can see suits of armour several times but is there a sword or pike to be found? nOOOooooooOOOooo.... Bludgeoning powerful zombies for half an hour before they drop is dull and repetitive. /rant
/r/nonononoyes
Looks more like "How to train your good dinosaur".
And it even asked me to subscribe, its such a pity I can't.
There's a link to the video above. Sounds like its a driving instructors car in England. Driving instructors tend to stop up a lot and talk to the person they are teaching. That said it doesn't look like the best place to stop for a chat but there's no double yellow line, so its legal and its pretty common.
Fuck vine and everything about it.
Wow, prices have soared. I shot an M60 and an AK (slightly less bullets) for probably less than 30$ a few years back.
[I'll save you!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfRcx37Qp4U)
Does it count if you just got overtaken by bigger assholes?
Looks fake as fuck.
Best Abandoned porn i've seen in a while.
Need that source op.
There is also a few lions hunting in the long grass that were seriously thinking about mauling him it but then they saw how scared the bull elephant was and were all like, "fuck that shit, that dude must be a ninja, lets bounce".
His economic policies are shite.
Duney dick.
Maybe you could have the stroke in the fear centre of the brain. That might help.
A dagger maybe...
Is Hillary supposed to be an alcoholic now? Shes just finishing a glass of wine...
You've just reminded me of this: [Considerably richer than you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U8Kum8OUTuk).
Other people seem to have seen this already but not me. Incredible.
