Or, Mom has almost no capacity to stand up for herself, nor, by extension, her daughter.
[Panic attacks are very treatable](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment%20for%20panic%20attacks). So is [depersonalization disorder](https://www.google.com/webhp?sourceid=chrome-instant&amp;ion=1&amp;espv=2&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=treatment+for+depersonalization%2Fderealization+disorder).
No legal advice, but I think you might want to start by posting to /r/relationships. Maybe you, your mother, and your grandmother need to have a sit down and discuss what limits you want to draw and can stick to, and present a united, consistent front. Once you do that, you may find the police responsive. Right now they probably see no point in getting in the middle of a back and forth between various members of the family. Bear in mind that the three of you may not be able to reach an agreement, or your mother and grandmother might prove unable to stick to a plan. So, instead of trying to "save" them and dealing out physical justice to your brother, you might be well advised to save yourself and your stuff. In other words, decide what your own limits are, and stick to them.
You can meet with your mother and grandmother tomorrow, but like I said, by the sound of things they are not especially likely to want to or be able to set and enforce limits. Although they may not be as physically strong as your brother, they could always call the police if they felt unsafe. That they don't speaks volumes. That is a choice they are making. They may be your family, but they are competent adults, and you can't protect your family unless **they** want you to. All you can do is protect your own valuables and money. Move anything that you don't want to see disappear into your storage space tomorrow. Hire people to help if necessary. Until you have your own living space, your room should consist of your bed and a small suitcase and/or backpack with a couple of days' change of clothes and your toiletries. You have to take care of yourself. If your mother and grandmother cannot agree on a plan of action or stick to it, you cannot save them. It is not your job to save them. It is not possible for you to save them. You may have to walk awak from this situation. I'm sorry.
Unless he was an impulsive person who got a little too excited about owning an expensive and fast car.
Are you waiting for your parents to say, "Oh, you're right, thecagedbird_screams, and we're wrong. Go enjoy your freedom." Because they won't. It's up to you to be tough enough to endure being cut off by them and set limits. Maybe you'll have to block their calls for a while. Are you saying that you can't support yourself unless you live at home?
This person may be mentally ill. This is really not acceptable or normal behavior. Everybody makes mistakes, because we're human. You surely might have done something wrong with this girl. Well, it's her responsibility to tell you *there and then*. "Ow, you stepped on my toes," or "Hey, don't interrupt." "Oh, sorry!" Done. That's how friends are supposed to act. I've done some really stupid-ass things to my friends. They tell me what's wrong, I apologize, we move on. That's how it's supposed to happen. If somebody saves up some hurt or misdeed, says nothing, and then has a huge blow up over sins you had no clue about because they didn't bother to tell you, then that person is a colossal asshole. That person hurt you terribly and is a vindictive and cruel person. But for them to be one way, and suddenly switch and be another way, and not have anything specific that you even did wrong--the quotes you provide above are suspiciously vague and nebulous--then she may be mentally ill. There are some personality disorders that are characterized by the person idealizing others and then suddenly and violently changing their opinion to complete devaluation based on some tiny perceived slight that a healthy person wouldn't even notice. Do some reading on personality disorders. It's not you, it's her. I would say that the part where you two were close and trusting was real. This part, where she is evil and cold to you, is the mental illness. Unfortunately, you would probably so better to move on, but please don't blame yourself.
Having seen and gotten involved in my share of dying businesses, you're not necessarily doing him any favors by propping something that is still on the way out at the sacrifice of your health and sanity. If he's doing something wrong or is undercapitalized, it would be better if he acknowledged what was wrong and either fixed that or walked away before going horribly into debt.
You can't leave until September for safety reasons? Care to elaborate?
How long before they are old enough to go to school? i don't care how disabled they are, they legally have the right to an appropriate education.
Depends on the state. The child has some say inthe court, but until the court modifies it, the police will enforce the standing custody order if the mom calls them. That being said, the best thing OP can do is call the police whenever he feels unsafe--meaning verbal and physical abuse. For instance, OP, when she locks you in the garage, do you have access to food, water, bathroom facilities? If not, you can call the police.
I'm thinking, the more elaborate the wedding, the more dependent they'll be on others to finance it, and having more time to plan and complexity gives Kate more time and excuses to meddle. If everything is simple and the couple themselves are paying for things, the mother-in-law has less say. Although, having written this, she will probably try to stick her fingers in everything anyway, so yeah, the real issue is standing up to her.
Same here. I immediately named them Ashley and Brandon.
It's a species from the African sahel, so it needs space, lots of sunlight (or UVB bulb during the winter), and a grass and vegetable based diet. Also, look up the phrase pyramiding tortoise sulcata. Although this is commonly seen in captive tortoises, especially sulcatas, this is something you need to prevent.
Good Lord, what an absolute loonfest. Regard this as a learning moment. In the future, if you have your own business, remember the importance of drawing lines with clients. Document everything, use contracts, and fire your clients when necessary.
Your life was jeopardized with your last pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia is no joke, as you well know. It's one of the big reasons why women died back in the bad old days. Perhaps you're afraid of becoming pregnant. Regarding your career frustrations, I want to urge you to develop a career. If you have these frustrations, it's for a reason. Also, you never know what might happen in the future. Something might happen to your husband and then you would be in financial peril. Whether or not you have children in the future, you need to be ready to provide for yourself. This is from my personal experience. I gave up two great jobs for my husband, and it turned out to be an unwise decision. Now I'm middle aged and trying to rebuild a new career. People aren't so eager to hire middle aged women. Please don't let this happen to you. No matter how this turns out, and I do hope you take everyone else's advice to seek professional help, please take steps now to be able to hold down a job, and if you do end up having kids, their young, dependent years are short. Stay employed!
Almost any king of grass is okay, including your law, if you haven't used pesticides or chemicals. [This page](http://www.sulcata-station.org/diet.html) has a list of different grasses you can feed him.
Another thing to consider: it costs several hundred dollars to file for bankruptcy.
The father should sue for custody and ask for a psych evaluation.
"Mom, we've talked about this. I don't see any reason to talk about this further." Leave, go to room and close door, go to another room and close door, go for a walk, sit in your car. It is wonderful and loving for them to support you in your illness. It is reasonable for them to have house rules while you are under their roof. It is pointless and abusive to continuously harangue you for something that in 2.5 hours has to have been completely clarified. No matter what your situation and what your religion, you have a right to basic human dignity, which includes not being verbally harangued endlessly.
Do you have any friends or family from before you were married? Reach out to these people, even if you feel like you could die from shame, even if you haven't contacted some of them in years. I'm betting that there are more than a few of them who would be thrilled to hear from you and support you in various ways--a place to stay, a recommendation for a lawyer, an old car, a job tip. These people are out there. Look for them. To your ex's face, be "fresh as a lettuce." Act sweet and non-threatening. Never let him guess what you're about to do next. Step 0. Document all interactions with your ex. Step 1. Make a back up his computer. Get a new computer that's all yours. Don't let him know of its existence. Change all your passwords. Step 2. Reach out to friends. Get the best lawyer you can, even if you have to borrow money (what's going on with your family?). Whatever the lawyer says, do. Step 3. With the help of the lawyer, women's shelters, and friends, make an escape plan and get out. Take the kids, but bear in mind that there is probably no reason for you to get full custody. Take your lawyer's advice and stay legal. (Adultery makes no difference in a divorce case). Step 4. Once you're out of the house, file for divorce. Bear in mind that once you move out, as long as you're upholding the terms of the separation agreement, he does not need to know where you live. All correspondence can go through your lawyer, and the kids can be picked up and dropped off at school. EDIT: this goes with Step 0: Take care of your body. You won't be able to make all the new and renewed connections you have to make, love your children,find a job, find a new place to live, and survive the various legal proceedings that are going to take up your time for the next couple of years, unless you find a healthy way to deal with your stress. Eat your vegetables, stay away from caffeine, alcohol and refined carbs, spend at least 1/2 hour every day doing something that makes you sweat, get enough sleep, practice some form of meditation daily, and get yourself and your children into therapy.
That's awesome. I didn't like that some of the commenters on the last post seemed to have the attitude that just because they were kids you should suck it up. Nobody should have to endure being harrassed daily.
The "Yes I'm 18" button is so that the website is not held liable for showing porn to children. If you lie and say you're 18, that's on you.
In small towns, his butthole is tiny, dark, and fetid. You can barely fit a donkey carcass in there. In Chicago, his butthole is as cavernous as the sky, and produces ill winds that swirl about the highways with a howl that would curdle the blood of Al Capone's pet banshee. This is accompanied by the almost equally colossal assholes of lesser and demi demons. This, actually, is why Chicago is called the Windy City.
Public drunkeness, disturbing the peace. It wasn't that arbitrary. Sorry, but your friend sounds like a bit of an entitled jerk. If you're drunk, get rowdy indoors or in some venue, or behave yourself in public.
