Jeez people, the '5 minutes' was obviously a figure of speech. Man, you guys are wound tight.
Yeah, I'm looking at those now. This has 'I'm going to spend a ton of time on this, but then the game won't launch and I'll never figure out why' written all over it. Hard choices. I really want that change though. I may take a crack at it.
I most likely will take you up on that then. Currently downloading all the stuff I need. Ugh, here I was thinking this could be solved in 10 seconds by changing a number in a file to a different number. Plot twist.
I cannot seem to find it, but I seem to be using a different version of UE Explorer than on the tutorials. I can search in the classes itself, but I have no Tools &gt; Find option, making it impossible to know where the piece of code I'm looking for is hiding.
'I don't like this thing, therefor anyone who does is less of a person than I am'. Well said. You couldn't have been clearer that you're a dumb cunt.
It worked for me. Make sure you adjust the amount of kills it requires to earn a promotion on the correct difficulty you're playing on. Also remember your soldiers can only earn a maximum of one promotion per mission. I'm not sure what else could disrupt it.
Nevermind, I'm a huge idiot. I forgot to add this line above the lines: [DLC_2.X2Item_DLC_Day60Weapons] Oops.
Minion Horde is a fantastic defensive option though. The dps it deals is amazing. If you play them and your opponent fires arrows at them instantly, they will still kill their target before dying to arrows, unless Giant. The fact they can target air makes them even better. Offensively, they are less useful unless you have good timing.
After? Ah, thanks. I was looking for it in the settings before starting. Can't seem to log in though... does it always take a while before the account is activated or what? I can log in to the site just fine.
Yes, but it is much more managable to deal with the consequences. XCOM 2 has various mission types that pop up once in a while. Guerrilla Missions are the ones that have replaced Abduction Missions (EU/EW) in terms of consequences. They pop up only once per month as opposed to 3-4 times. The way they work narratively is that XCOM gets intel to disrupt some of the aliens activity and you can choose where to strike. If you do not, the aliens will finish the activity they are building towards. XCOM can only strike in regions you have control over though. A max of 3 missions will pop up at once and you have to choose one of them. As you guessed, them finishing their activity will negatively impact you. It is called a Dark Event. There are several types of Dark Events and they are randomly chosen. Some include: All Advent forces gain one armor for a month; Advent raids make rookies cost double for a month; Advents awareness goes up practically making concealment worthless for a month. Etc. Etc. You can see before hand which is which and then choose which one you want to prevent most. However, the consequences of the Dark Events, while certainly noticable, are very minor compared to EU. If theoretically all Dark Events came to pass it still wouldn't be a huge deal. Especially not if you are somewhat good at the game. At that point one more point of armor doesn't really matter, a reinforcement pod on every mission for a month doesn't really matter. Etc.
(request)
That's why I suggested the tactical ones. The strategy layer ones either don't make sense or would be too harsh.
No comment.
Oh nice, thanks for that :)
Thanks! Very nice. Quickly done. Will install and try it tomorrow morning. Will it work with existing campaigns?
No?
You got a raise?
Bungie rewards foul play. If they took their game anywhere close to seriously they would ban these people for life. But no, they won't do anything and even if they did it would be a minor slap on the wrist. Bungie makes it so going flawless is easier and safer if you cheat. Their lack of decisiveness can be a real bummer.
Disagree. This isn't anywhere close to the same thing. I played Destiny for 80 hours before I got the Thorn bounty. After 2 weeks of Nightfalls I got the Ice Breaker which is like 2 hours of play. Most people have it at this point and I bet everyone will have it a month from now. The droprate is such that it isn't really hoping, it's just a matter of time.
Because Bladedancer is a better Super on almost all fronts. Stop trying to get everything better than everyone else? Hammers miss extremely easily even with Flameseeker. As a Hammerbro let me tell you people who post clips of dodging 3 Hammers as if it's a feat: you're clearly not playing Sunbreaker and your lack of experience makes this argument shit, every time it's brought up. That shit misses so easily, it's not even funny. 'If Sunbreakers get 6 Hammers, Gunslingers should get 6 shots' - No. You just never play Sunbreaker and don't understand how incredibly inbalanced that would be. 6 Hammers are as efficient as 2 Golden Gun shots **maybe**. Similarly, Suncharge misses all the goddamn time even when it should have hit. It doesn't even register half the time. As someone who pkays Hammer and Blade, trust me on this, Blade is much better bar a few specific situations. Also, the class is just better because Quickdraw is so much stronger than Flameseeker, a perk you need ti make your Super less shit, but still shittier than Blade.
They need to buff Suncharge. Not nerf it.
Haha hilarious. Even the best Sunbreakers miss all the goddamn time, but of course you hit everything because you're a god. Fine buddy, you're the best. For the rest of the entire planet though, that Super is not that good.
Haters are actually never sent after you specifically. The game populates your game with Haters based on where people died in theirs. The ones sent after you are called Hunters. You will know when they enter your game because it will say on the top right: You're being hunted.
Yeah, just bait an attack, dodge it, go for a counter and then refuse your last hit since you can be countered after it, instead just roll away. Repeat that process. You're not wrong in thinking it is hard, being one shot sucks. But you can alter your strategy for that. Try it out.
Is this still the case on higher levels though? I imagine if you have a fully leveled grade 4 or even 5 character guarding your shit, it can get hard. Especially if they are beefy and send a Defender with super armor out first so the second guy might spawn before the first one is dead. At the same time, since raiding is the only reliable source of SPLithium, do we really want to make it balls-hard?
