Is shisha a flavoured tobacco product? Yes? Then it's part of the ban.
plus months of smoking old, stale tobacco. YUM!
I'm sad. I used to really enjoy Colts Mild, Wine &amp; Rum. Before having kids, I enjoyed them occasionally at backyard BBQs with friends. Since I had kids, I stopped all together. I looked forward to kicking them out of the house at 18, and enjoying them again. Sadly, no more. I guess I will have the option to drive down to the U.S. and pick some up there.
Actually, the wording of the poll lead to an extremely biased response. So, yes, the poll is wrong. &gt; Toronto City Council is debating the future of the Gardiner east of Jarvis; two options are receiving the most consideration. One plan is to remove the Gardiner east of Jarvis and replace it with a boulevard. Supporters say this is the cheapest option and allows for better development of Toronto’s waterfront. Critics say tearing down the Gardiner will add to commuting times. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to remove the Gardiner? Notice the biased language? "Supporters" vs "Critics". "Remove" vs "tearing". "Approve" vs "Disapprove". "Better development" vs "add to commuting times". If you were to flip around the language, you would probably get a very different result. &gt; One plan is to leave the Gardiner up and rejuvenate it. Supporters say this is the best option to keep traffic flowing. Critics say tearing it down and replacing it with a more congested boulevard might improve the waterfront. Do you approve or disapprove of the plan to rejuvenate the Gardiner?
How much will it cost to move? Maybe instead of looking for a charitable moving company, you could accept donations to pay for it to be moved.
At that point, I think it would be easier just to make a monthly run to the U.S. or a native reserve.
Smoking rates are always going down, with the ever increasing prices and restrictions. Absolutely the underage smoking rates will drop.
I was never a smoker. I just enjoyed a smoke with friends. I didn't take smoke breaks at work. I didn't smoke in my idle time. Maybe once a month while drinking I would have a smoke.
Gather your documentation and head down to your local government office. They did the same thing to me years ago. They want to see evidence of your current address.
I have home delivery, and the majority of the time, it's junk mail. I like the idea of a secure central mailbox for things like cheques and small parcels I still receive occasionally.
There seems to be lots of money to build prison facilities to house and care for non-violent criminals, but barely anything is available to house and care for adults who genuinely need help. Very sad.
There's a difference between an alcoholic and someone who has a couple drinks with friends.
I find the wording of the second question still slightly biased.
Absolutely. Pick any random wealthy neighbourhood. Slap on a fake Canada Post uniform. Walk door to door, picking mail out of the mailbox. A lot less obvious than standing around drilling into a metal box.
I find the wording of the second question to be slightly biased towards removal as well, with mention of the $450mil price tag.
I'm not disagreeing with the $500m price tag. My issue is the downplaying of the traffic impact it will have. Everyone keeps saying "Oh, it will only add a couple of minutes to transit time." Well, that couple of minutes will add up over time. Traffic will be stalled downtown while spewing exhaust.
The first question downplays the additional commuting time, while the second question is very specific about the added cost.
A few months back I needed to catch 7am train from Union, and I don't live downtown. The night before I load Beck's app on my phone, and request a reservation for pickup at 5:30am. I then CALL Beck, and verbally confirm the reservation. Yes, they see my request, and confirm someone will be at my front door by 5:30 am. Next morning....nothing. At 5:31am, I call Beck. Oh, sorry! We missed it! Someone is on their way. They didn't show up until 5:45am. The taxi industry can suck it.
They are protesting next Sunday down at Queens Park. I'll be there to counter-protest.
&gt; "Since the 1950s, Canadians have had a very high awareness of the health risks of smoking. That awareness has been reinforced by the health warnings printed on every legal cigarette package for more than 40 years." Exactly! You know who is to blame for the majority of smokers today? Parents. Parents who smoke, and parents who don't crack down on their kids who do smoke.
Just remember people. Non-straight people fighting for their rights are just trying to push a gay agenda!
Why are you supporting Shomi?
Good on the bus driver. Teach the kid a lesson.
Yup, she's fat. Hardly the appropriate person for the position of Health minister.
Epilepsy is a genetic disease, which people have zero control over. Being fat is NOT a genetic disease. It's a lifestyle, lack of control, bad judgment/decision disease. I wouldn't want someone who has filed multiple bankruptcies to be finance minister either.
