God me and my gf saw an episode from season 2 at a friend's house last night and it was sooo weird!! Everything has changed so much!!
I hope to see more of him, but I have a gut feeling he's gonna become a wight eventually and that's equally sad and terrifying.
The real world didn't even really use "bastard names". That's a total GRRM thing. http://www.quora.com/Is-the-practice-of-bastard-surnames-in-Game-of-Thrones-inspired-by-any-historical-real-life-traditions
Miraak's Chant has nothing to do with the music of the universe though...
Well, the original Stark who made the wall was *Bran*don *the Builder* ;)
That's for sure going to happen at some point. Wights only die by fire (or pulverization?) so yeah Daenerys is gonna be fucked, because how do you kill a dragon *with fire?*
I thought the same. It doesn't make sense at all but.. eh?
Do you realize that you don't have a convincing argument? I want to understand where you're coming from but I just can't. You're thoughts on the Sharmat itself from comments in here are cool, but you still haven't convinced me that Miraak *is* the Sharmat, you've just basically told me to see it on my own multiple times.
I actually *wanted* to be comfortable enough to adopt your theory, but whatever thanks for tying I guess. Hope you do an actual write-up at some point.
Were there no Wildlings fighting in the season trailer? I swear there were...
Ah, but I have been studying the moons for quite a while! In fact, I have been working on a calendar to better understand their effect on your people.
I don't think so, but he's got a whole island of dragon glass .
Because I think it's safe to assume they have penises and vaginas considering all of their other traits lol
If you have a problem with that then you're going to have a bad time on this sub.
You're unwillingness to change is what's dooming the world.
You're only solution is "stop breeding" and you're a fool if you think that's going to happen to the world anytime soon. This would use less land, energy, resources and death than currently, but you don't even want to take the time to *consider* it because you've apparently got it all figured out on your own.
Because he acts very suspicious at the mention of Jon.
My last name is flowers in a different language, dickbutt :p
The Triune don't seem to backstab each other either despite what their spheres are all about.
*Triune*, not the Tribunal.
Good thing I was in LA when it was nice, shit. edit: how the hell can you bitches down vote something that *actually* happened and you have no knowledge of? I used uber like 4 times in LA earlier this year and I don't think it ever cost more than $30 total.
5 months ago?
Stan's camp *was* on fire for the season trailer...
What other connections could be made with Beowulf?
Davos
