So like a Chinatown.
Thunderdevil is boss! Makes you look like Solid Snake.
The common individual doesn't know what most of the government does. I'm not surprised if a lot of folks didn't know that.
Gee, I didn't realize water was still wet. CAN THIS FREAKING SEASON START ALREADY.
I've always likened those who fight gentrification similar to those who fought against civil rights and modern medicine. I take that stance because I live in West Philly where our nickname was "The Bottom", still is, but it's not lacking in drug needles, and broken glass bottles on the ground. Rampant crime and gang fights in the streets. Gentrification has always been good in my neighborhood, pushing about the bad elements that just don't give a damn about the area. Even so I like the idea of gentrification as well as affordable housing. No one should ever get priced out of the neighborhood they worked hard to maintain.
Voidfang Vestments is the only time I think having more strength is cool.
How is using the Gjallarhorn elitism? I think you're just upset this particular strategy involves it. How about replace it (insert 365 heavy here)?
How so?
What are you talking about, /r/eagles would have given up Boykin, along with everyone else for Mariota...
Still don't see how that's broken. Hunters also spawn with grenade energy with the Lucky Raspberry. Its not broken, it's game mechanics. What would be broken is if Sunsingers could have ignite, with two grenades.
Some will pay people to make money out of their money, and then pay other people to make sure they don't pay other people too much. Circle of Life?
At the Apollo.
I think Riley Cooper would have been a deal breaker for them. Meaning they wouldn't have wanted him.
This story is crazier than a bag of cats in summer.
Didn't say he committed suicide.
Like a responsible adult, imagine that....
Fear makes people do bizarre things.
Wrong about what exactly?
Don't talk about our coach like you know him. He wants to win, that's all. He has a system to win, if you believe you are bigger than the team then there are your walking papers.
Like a CD with scratches on it.
And a Tardus that replaces the ship and or tower.
Didn't Germany ban it until more evidence comes out?
No you twat.
I don't pay any mind to anonymous downvotes anymore, I see them as trolls or paid shills who disagree with me but can't form their opinions into words without looking like idiots. I'm all about more information and reason and not so much about blanket statements like OP was saying.
Nothing is just "meh" with wolf pack rounds.
