I've started re-reading it, been a while so I decided to give it another go. Lots of things I notice and appreciate more now that I did when I was younger. Phenomenal series.
Yeah, but...I see what you did there.
We know how easily it is to replicate something so replicating non-functioning pieces of a ship and throwing them together for an exhibit probably wouldn't be too difficult. (Even been to a presidential museum in the US? They all have replicas of the Oval Office, Air Force One, etc). Alternatively, they could be other ships of the same class that didn't have the distinction Enterprise did. They just slapped the Enterprise name on them for the exhibit.
Not a bar, exactly. But I think this place shows Chicago sports team games. http://www.tastechicago.biz/ It's owned by Chicago native and actor Joe Mantegna.
I may be in the minority but I didn't like any of the movies you mentioned. In fact, I haven't liked anything he's done since Reindeer Games and let's be honest, that wasn't a good movie, I just thought it was kind of dumb fun. I'm just saying I've seen nothing at all that convinces me. I'll wait for the movie but I'm skeptical. That's all I'm saying.
I know. But like I say, this is prrtty much my only indulgence. I rarely go to the movies, I don't buy antiques or have any expensive hobbies, i don't go to concerts or I work and eat. So i don't feel like I'm too much in the wrong by enjoying my one meal a day. I'm not broke or desperate by any means, I'm just frugal. But my girlfriend is about to be downsized and $5K or so would be a nice cushion to have while she's out of work.
I rarely look anyone in the eye but its not a lack of self respect. It's a habit I formed back when I worked retail. You get so many people blathering about shit don't matter you had to find a way to difuse the situation. I look at the chest, or neck, or turn my head slightly away as if turning my ear toward their voice. It gives an illusion I'm still paying full attention but If you don't make eye contact they either lose interest and cease their inconsequential babbling or they narrow their focus to the relevant information.
Y'know, pretty sure OP was joking. Much like me. Fuck's sake, dude.
Advantage was far and away the best for me. When I was a kid i hated the original controller. (Do you count the Game Genie as an accessory? Cause I loved that thing.) Worst? Power Pad. Never did a more useless shitpiece exist in this world.
"Sir, do you know what a Cleveland Steamer is?"
I myself never had any unfortunate nicknames but I nicknamed a guy Meatplow. I don't know why.
I guess it's not specific to our era but I think childbirth will eventually go away. As science becomes more advanced I think "test tube" babies gestated in labs will become the norm. It will remove the effects of childbirth on the body as well as the time and complications involved with pregnancy. Women won't have to take time off work any longer, for example.
If i had to guess, sounds like it might be this: http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0115208/ Mobile link, sorry. Hotline, 1994, starring shannon tweed
My cat has FeLV, too. While he's ok now knowing what will be the eventual outcone terrifies me. I cherish every moment I have with him. Do the same with Doodle. She seems like a sweet little thing. I hope she does well for a long time to come.
That's true. That's why the NES sitting in my closet is just sitting there today. That aside, the stuff it could do for games was pretty damn cool.
It was Holland's At Law.
I think we all knew that well before seeing the picture.
When I moved recently I had to keep the entirety of my house and most of my worldly belongings in storage for a month. I used 1800-PACK-RAT. Not too expensive, they drop the storage pod off at your place, you load it up, they come back and take it away to their facility and there it stays til you tell them to drop it off at your new place.
You know, a fella can google the shit out damn near anything. But there's nothing really wrong with asking folks for personal experiences. Next time you ask anybody here or even your friends or anyone anywhere for anything, pause for a moment and imagine them insulting you and saying "google it, loser." The man asked a fair, legitimate, reasonable question. Nothing wrong with that.
I honestly cannot imagine the show without Wes.
I'm allergic to citrus. I'll take apple-trek.
Three tricks will get you out of this: 1) Keep your cell phone to your ear and just start talking. You're distracted, they likely won't stop you. 2) Learn to say "I don't speak english" in an obscure language. French, though not obscure, tends to work well. Polish, russian, some slavic language works even better. 3) Learn "Sorry, I don't understand" in sign language. They will leave you alone in a flash. It's like they're afraid deafness is contagious. I always use one of the above tricks, I haven't had to deal with these people in years.
Perhaps I misread it and if so I apologize, but your response to OP seemed a bit condescending. *Am I the only one that knows how to use google anymore?* That seems to be the standard snarky response on reddit to anyone who asks a question that might not be too deep: *Let me google that for you...* Yeah, anyone can google, everyone knows how, I just assume when someone asks on something like this then they're looking for more than just the black and white, more than just some facts, they want some experiences, some real world information. So just saying "google it" doesn't really help and seems like sort of a pissy response. That's how I see it, maybe it's just me.
Yeah, screw that noise. I got a guy just started at my work and decided to start watching it after he heard myself and someone else discussing the show. It's never too late.
Inauguration? He won a political race, too? Busy sumbitch, that Franco.
