If it's not an equitable trade, such as being asked to give up the window or aisle seat for a middle seat, or trading a more desirable seat for a less desirable seat, i see no issue in people refusing. When purchasing airline tickets, most brokers give you the option - at no additional cost - to pick which seats you want. If the parent failed to do that and they are separated from their kid, that's on them. Other people are under no obligation to accommodate their lack of planning.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too. I echo 2 sentiments already made here: leaving a legacy before i die, and raising awesome kids to counteract all the shitty ones out there. I can't count all the times in life someone has said to me or my family that i was "raised right" or my parents "did a good/great job on me". That's got to be an amazing point of pride or a sense of accomplishment in parents, knowing they helped mold good people.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too. Kids are loud, messy, and obscenely expensive. I enjoy having my time to do with as i please, and not tied to my spawn. I'm also scared of having a disabled or special-needs kid; i don't have that kind of patience, and I've seen the toll that it can take on families And there are no do-overs with kids: you don't raise them right, and they turn out to be douchebags, that's a reflection on you and how you failed.
I've no problem with SAHMs if the family can subsist on single-income. And i don't mean the father working 2-3 jobs, 70-80hrs a week. I also think there's an inherent responsibility for SAHMs to maintain the household as well, or at least shoulder the majority of the load. The person working full time shouldn't then have to come home to cook, clean, etc. No, it does not take 8 hours of your full attention to watch a baby/child, where you can't do anything else. If my SO wanted to be a SAHM and we could afford it, I'd have no problem with it.
I trimmed off a fair amount the other day, as it had gotten somewhat ragged, was snagging a bit, and - now that summer is here - would have been uncomfortable in the heat.
This next election is just chock full of people i can't stand
I use 3 alarms: 1 on my phone, followed by an alarm clock 10mins later, and 1 more from my phone 10mins after that. The trick is my alarm clock is across the room, so i have to get out of bed to turn it off. Then i typically hop in the shower. The 3rd alarm is my "get up now or be late for work" warning
Jenner is not the first - or the last - "celebrity" to be trans; the transition just so happened to receive an exorbitant amount of media coverage. Jenner's transition is also not typical of the average transgendered individual. They would not generally have access to all the medical procedures available to turn Bruce Jenner into Caitlyn Jenner; most would not be able to afford the 10+ hour facial reconstruction, in addition to other plastic surgeries, that allow Jenner to pass as a woman. Additionally, Jenner does not face the intense discrimination and bullying (internet comments excluded) a transgender person - especially a young person and/or someone not living in socially tolerant community - would face on a regular basis. The award, given by ESPN, is supposed to be sports-oriented (though not exclusively); Jenner's athletic career has been over for decades. The only reason Bruce Jenner was still relevant in the last few years was due to being affiliated with the Kardashians and their reality-show, which is IMO a vapid and insipid blight on American media. The award should be reserved for someone currently relevant in the world of athletics, as a player/competitor or coach, for example.
The written i think is like $150, and the practical like $500? It varies. I'll say under $1000 for sure
The blown light is not in the video
My sister is a dispatcher for the department; she's seen the police report and spoke to the officer about it. From where the video picks up, there's a stop light about 150 yards behind the officer, and another on 150 yards behind that. This is on the only road leaving town in this direction (it's on a barrier island); the vehicle would have to have passed through at least one of these lights, if not both.
I like how everyone here assumes that the hotline operator disconnected him, and there wasn't some kind of techical error that caused it, like a dropped call (since he likely used a cell phone). Not to mention it doesn't look like they presented any evidence that he spoke with an operator, only his word that he tried to call for help and got disconnected.
Whataburger is superior
Whilst living in Colorado Springs, I seriously debated driving the 5 hours to Albuquerque for some
Therein may lie my problem: i used Z for travel/escape, as i would for other heroes. So it seems I was missing out on a strength of his by not employing it properly
I've been there... hell, im still there. My coach is an old hippie, and is non-confrontational, doesn't like to make waves. He'll recruit guys, make a 20-man roster, and then struggle to get 10 to show up every game. The guys he recruits typically are A) old, slow, and weak hitters/fielders, or B) guys that have little to no experience playing ball (softball or hardball) - they don't know how to run bases, which base to throw to, *hitting the goddamn cutoff*, and so on. So the few ballplayers on my team get really frustrated at pop-outs, strike-outs, stupid errors, or lack of fundamentals, and especially at guys who show up whenever they feel like it. But as the coach says, you start harping on these guys and they stop showing up. I like to have fun and all too, but going to a game and getting flat-out embarassed is no fun.
He who expects nothing is never disappointed
Treating the coffee table as a storage facility, as well as a staging area for dirty dishes and garbage. Shes gotten much better at picking up after herself though
I love dogs, support the SPCA, post dog-related videos, but i don't own a dog. I also love planes and (especially) helicopters, including working on them, love flying, but don't own an aircraft or even have a pilot's license. You can have an interest in something and not actively engage in it. Owning and recreationally shooting guns (a hobby I engage in) is a rather expensive endeavour, and - depending on where you live - can be legally restrictive.
/r/news and /r/politics is full of circle-jerk nonsense, and flips sides on an issue depending on the week. Then you have your armchair generals, who have explicit knowledge on how to precisely and correctly deal with a situation, despite having no training or experience in doing so. Such naivety.
That you have to accept and support everyone for who they are, and failing to do so makes you a bigot. No - you don't. That doesnt give you permission to denigrate or discriminate, but you absolutely have the right to not give a shit about someone else's life. You're allowed to be indifferent
Mortar attack at Camp Taji, Iraq. In fairness, I'd just come off 24hr duty, and had music playing in headphones. I also slept through my squad leader pounding on my door to check on me, and only awoke when his repeated pounding had jimmied the deadbolt, and he grabbed my foot.
The same people fawning over him now will be tearing him down when he fails to live up to the hype, just like they did with Obama. Not that Sanders has a chance of winning.
Iowa code section 321, which unregistered vehicle falls under, are classified as simple misdemeanors... which you can absolutely be thrown in jail for, up to 30 days. It's rare, but the law allows for it. While the officer you encountered was overly aggressive, he would be well within his rights to arrest you for failing to fix your unregistered vehicle in the reasonable amount of time allotted to you. So before going on a tear about how this cop was an unstable liar inciting panic and hysteria, make sure you're in the right first.
&gt; This is not on the police to decide. Your own words. Blame your legislature and state Supreme Court, not the police for enforcing the law. I mean, it's obvious you harbor bias against the police, so I'm sure this is falling on deaf ears... "Fix-it" tickets are often ignored, especially in big cities, because the fine is minimal and it doesn't put points on your license. The threat of jail time is often the incentive needed to get the deficiencies fixed in a timely fashion.
