Easy. 343.
Fiction can be fun!
Khal Dough-go?
Can't they jailbreak it? Source: I know nothing about phones.
I never heard of this game. I LOVE arpg's. I'd play the hell out of this. It looks great. Thanks for doing the giveaway. [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
Can we get a list of these games? What's the Valve one?
The opposite, been playing since Game &amp; Watch. I just grew tired of FPSes. I have played a bit of Left 4 Dead (the first, and never the second), but the picture of L4D2 looks like a third-person isometric game, akin to the early Resident Evils. L4D2 is an FPS, no?
I beat the game in one sitting. What a great fucking experience. I highly suggest it to platformer lovers, or anyone really. Really amazing atmosphere and the pacing for puzzles was perfect. So enjoyable. Thanks again!
Well done. As someone who's allowed for an exception to the no-cheating policy (i.e. forgiven), don't ever allow for an exception to the no-cheating policy. You'll end up regretting it.
http://i.imgur.com/c7NJRa2.gif
Ooh, I like this offer. Nice giveaway OP. I'd most want Ori and the Blind Forest, but going with your theme of stretching your dollars, I'll stick with my recent request for Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty, since it's still on sale. The reason for either game is the same really. I love platformers, in all shapes and sizes. I love exceptional ones like Super Meat Boy, puzzlers like The Swapper or The Bridge, action ones like Guacamelee, stealth ones like Shadow Faction, and beautiful &amp; tough ones like Ori and the Blind Forest. My [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut). As for the person I am closest too, That's an easy choice for me: my wife. We grew up on opposite sides of the globe, speaking different languages, yet are nearly identical. Surprisingly, our values and cultural upgrading are very similar. We care passionately about all the same subjects, love the same music, and enjoy the same aesthetics. We have the most heated and outrageous arguments, but even those are great. She's incredibly intelligent and insightful and challenges me on a daily basis. I respect her as a partner and an equal and now, can't imagine my life without her. Before, I was just dating for companionship with no interest in lifetime commitment. Meeting her taught me why people get married. So we did. :) Sheen nyen kwuy lu (my wife taught me how to say it, I taught myself how to spell it) Thanks OP.
First, I'm going to brush up on the best Steam Sale practices (when to buy, when to hold out, etc.). Next, I'm going to check my list on an eight hour rotation. Before work, after work, before bed (and most likely anytime in between). Finally, I'll keep my eye on personal favorites that go on sale for super cheap so I can give them away to friends and GOG. I'm most looking forward to Ori and the Blind Forest, hopefully a bigger sale on the new Oddworld, ooh, Talos Principle... Ok honestly, my wishlist. I carefully cultivate my list on a weekly basis, ordered according to my current interest, and trimmed of any extraneous games. I'm psyched about them all. Anyway, I am thrilled.
King Me!
A completely non-violent, exploratory, open world game. Gone Home meets GTA V. FPS meets the Sims. Observe virtual people living out their lives down to the tiniest detail (think inside Trevor's trailer), but in doing so, discover a conspiracy, that you yourself are being watched, and that the game itself is not what it seems, a la Dark City or Thirteenth Floor. Go.
Oh, thanks for the awesome new sub. :)
That's it. Thank you.
The power of exclusives has been waning year after year. It's a dying model. While I don't think it'll ever disappear completely (console makers can always produce their own games), it no longer justifies purchasing an entire console. Twenty years ago, it made sense. 80% of games were split between two systems with the remaining 20% on PC. Today, most releases are multi-platform, or at the very least, eventually slated for PC. The paradigm has shifted. 80% of games are on PC, with the remaining 20% split between three consoles. Granted, my percentages are just rough estimates, but they illustrate a point. That since time is finite, and that the ultimate goal is to play the games you enjoy most AND that you have time for, a PC absolutely guarantees an endless library to choose from, whereas a console's library will always be finite. Of course I want to play The Last of Us, but I won't buy an entire console for it, whether I can afford it or not. What happens afterwards? I just end up with a big brick in my media console. I do still have a PS3 connected, but that's because it is technically one of the better blu-Ray players sub $1,000, and as such I still get constant use out of it. Please understand, that me saying all of this is bittersweet. Everything I wrote before, I did so begrudgingly. I grew with video games. Owned most every system from Coleco Vision to the Lynx. But it no longer makes sense. Hell, just the other weekend, and with minimal effort, I turned a DS Lite into a Nes, Snes, Gba, and Genesis emulator, complete with hundreds of roms (my entire game library growing up). It's a sign of the times. So... yeah. I love consoles, but I'll be sticking with my HTPC and wireless controller. :(
700?!?! Ouch. I think at that size, your wishlist is hardly doing you any favors. I'm sure you receive notifications about sales all the time. Do you actually want 700 games? Lol. Yeah. I'd agree. You should trim it down. Or even wipe it and start over.
I second this. I too have Valdis Story on my list, and Axiom Verge.
Thanks OP! Jumping right in tonight.
I practiced my mom's signature and just signed whatever I needed myself. Anything less would've tipped her off.
Or maybe just happy.
Clevah gerl.
This a brick of some of the finest basmati. Shit's real pure. No husks, no bleach, no bugs, just the finest long grain. I'm talkin' bout the real fluff. When you cook, remember to bring to a boil and then reduce to a simmer for 15 minutes. For you? $7.50 a brick. Those are friend prices.
Gifted | Grabbed 14 [Thank you thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/38m72n/gog_thank_you_ucharredgrass_for_oddworld_new_n/) [Steam ID](https://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
