If you want kids to stay away from something, don't tell them that moms disapprove. When I was a kid, the fact that my mom didn't want me to watch The Simpsons just made me want to watch it even more.
Aw man I'd love either Marth or Robin. I've been close to getting each one with no success :(
Louisiana scores lower on most of those statistics though.
How dare they take children to a theme park run by the world's largest purveyor of children's media?
Most stores stocked Wario at strangely low levels for a Mario character.
Wait, you need to sign up for it? I thought they were just going to distribute it through Windows Update.
Download a new OS disc image from Macintosh garden and reinstall.
Wow whoever you traded with got screwed.
It's not a touch screen, but I love the design of those old easel displays. If I were you I would still try to buy it :p
Wow that sucks. But hey, at least it's still a marginally better investment that setting a stack of bills on fire.
Wow I can relate to that. It's funny, I can now afford to have the top model for most every tech category, and yet I still get excited when I find a deal for a good condition 15 year old Mac on Craigslist.
1997 would have been 100 years since Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee, so the mug could have been commemorating that one. (I had to look it up, Victoria and Elizabeth II are the only monarchs to have celebrated a Diamond Jubilee) But those companies that make the "collectible keepsakes" that usually end up in discount shops do get pretty desperate for events to make commemorative objects for.
Yep, [Just like one of the previous attempts at building a libertarian paradise](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minerva_Reefs#Republic_of_Minerva), they'll be invaded once they actually start to build a settlement (and no, a hippy camp that isn't even in the disputed territory doesn't count). If they keep trying to build there, one of the countries will do more than just block access with police to keep them out.
&gt; He must have thick fucking skin If I was making the kind of money he is, I wouldn't care what people say about me either.
One of the things I hate about where I work is that everyone is either too old or too young to have kids in Girl Scouts. I just want to buy some cookies damn it!
A lot of the IC2 metals are alloys, though it also adds copper.
For some reason, the post reminded me of that movie "Being John Malkovich", and I'm hoping that's what you're referencing.
Yeah I guess you're right, I didn't think about it like that.
Macs are the preferred computer for a lot of programmers and other IT people.
Well, have fun listening to a guy sing like he just had his tongue removed.
Every popular kids show has porn though. I've seen Scooby Doo porn on 4chan. If you get rid of MLP porn, there will just be something else. The Internet isn't a safe place, and this is why kids need supervision when they use it.
I hate that attitude. I worked as a stagehand in college and had a lot of fun. It was hard work, but it's more fun helping to set lights and stage equipment than making food at some fast food place. There would always be those who want to just stand around and not get their hands dirty because they just want to see a free show.
I hope that's an easily removable tape like gaff tape and not duct tape, otherwise you'll never get all the residue off.
I didn't say they're necessarily better, I said they're preferred. A lot of programmers prefer Unix, and OS X is the most well supported Unix OS out there.
There is a chain of salvage stores in my area that sells the trash items. Basically, that TV or shirt that Walmart was going to throw away gets sold to this chain. The store marks it in such a way that you know it was salvage - for clothing, this means black marker over the label, for other goods it's usually over the original bar code or something. It can be a great way to get a deal if you're willing to dig through stuff, when they get new stock they just throw it on the shelves. It's how I got a National Geographic world atlas for $10, and a 19" PC monitor for $40, among other things.
