I remember in my textbook in a college class I had, in the chapter on evolution, they mentioned a case regarding frogs in Minnesota or somewhere that were born with extra legs. Everyone suspected chemical pollution but it turned out to simply be an example of random mutation. In other words, it wasn't an environmental cause. I'm not saying that climate change isn't a problem or even the trigger for this sort of thing. It just reminded me of my book.
There is a checkbox to turn the automatic redirect feature off. So now I only use it to set up initial redirects of the main menu or other necessary pages when I'm re-doing someone's site.
Why the hell does every single article about Bernie Sanders start off with a sentence like "of course he'll never win"?
My stupid bird didn't play with toys for more than a decade. Now she does and she's an old lady for a bird at over 20 years old.
You can get cockatoo shampoo. A cockatiel is like a tiny cockatoo. I'm assuming your bird is a cockatiel.
I keep the one I lined in my office for when they turn on the air conditioning too high.
Thank you. I'm glad somebody has written about this.
My parents are republicans. I think sometimes my mom sometimes secretly votes democrat though.
There are frequently requests for tutorials around here. I think learning how to read API documentation is probably more valuable.
I have lived in a tiny space like that and I liked it pretty well. An apartment like that where I live would still be super expensive, though.
Ariel the cockatoo is now just Big White Bird. Big Bird. Big Ginormous Humongous Bird. Big Chicken Bird. Big Chicken. Big Big. Fergie the conure gets called Green Bird a lot these days.
I you are looking to microload 1lb and you get a bar that weighs 3lbs more than the bar you used last time, what good is your 1lb microweight?
I have a 4 cyl '94 Ford Ranger with 90,000 miles. I'm sure it's not worth a huge amount but it didn't cost very much to begin with and I've never had any problems with it. I hear it was a good year for the Ford Ranger.
I would think the summary would be fine use for the metatag module. Isn't it recommended practice that a description tag contain a useful summary?
The house I grew up in cost $15K brand new when I was 5 years old. In 1983 when I graduated high school my mother sold it for about $200K. Nowadays that house would cost 7-800K. There are bubbles now and then, but the overall trend in California is upwards.
It's a nice little truck. Not very powerful (the 4 cyl), but it's reliable.
Long time ago when I was young and newly married and broke we bought a used washer and drier that had been refurbished by a guy who specializes in refurbishing and selling home appliances. It was a good bargain and our machines worked perfectly.
You don't need to use either one. There's too much scent in them anyway. Takes several washes to get the drier sheet smell out of my clothes if someone happens to stick a drier sheet in when I'm not looking.
Are you planning to spend this money in the US? Do you just want clothes to wear to college? Go to Costco or Target. Don't go to a mall and pay mall prices.
I graduated from college with a degree in Women's Studies (now it's called Feminist Studies) in 1995. I took a lot of classes where it seemed that the objective of the class was to purposefully push your buttons so that you could explore where your discomfort was coming from. I found the whole experience to be quite educational. At the same time I was selling flowers on the street corner in a largely Mexican neighborhood so it was weird to see the difference between the culture as described by a Chicana feminist vs. these ladies coming by every day to buy flowers for the cemetery or these men buying flowers for their girlfriends. These two worlds did not seem like the same place, in my opinion, and that experience kept me grounded in reality, in a world of real people. One Chicana feminist writer, Cherrie Moraga, wrote that the danger was in ranking oppressions. That always stuck with me. I think a lot of this stifling environment that the OP writes about might partly be caused by the arms race of ranking oppression. You've got to have oppression at least as bad as the worst off to avoid having someone call you out on your privilege, even if you have to practically manufacture some kind of oppression out of your own emotional problems (of which there seem to be plenty which may be caused by forcing kids to live highly structured lives constantly under adult supervision). In the end I came to see identity politics as a bad path to freedom and equality, but if anything, there is more identity politics on both ends of the political spectrum and inward into the individual as there ever has been. If I were in charge, I would make sure that all undergraduates and their families understood that it was the intention of the university to challenge and disturb every student, and if they weren't into that, they should attend a different institution.
That's one thing Ray Jardine writes about in his book The PCT Hiker's Handbook. In the final chapter he writes about how we all spend our lives striving for comfort, security and status and how spending time out there you realize that none of those things are a path to real happiness, nor are they actually achievable. You come to see how they matter very little and that true fulfillment is found elsewhere. It's so hard to maintain that outlook once you come back to the regular world, though.
I should have taken classes in computer programming back when those programming classes were about Basic and Fortran.
Let her get it out of her system. Let her lay the eggs and sit on them for a while. Then take them all away at the same time a couple weeks later. My 23-year-old conure laid an egg this spring after many years of not laying any eggs. I took it away after she sat on it for 1 week. Too soon. She laid another. So I gave her two weeks of sitting for the 2nd one and now she's done with it.
I name them all Saturday and remind you I only work Monday through Friday.
It was an unseasonably cool May in Southern California as well.
