Decoration, conversation piece, something shorter than a bat to hold on to while I'm watching baseball games.
Candy.
9-5 sounds like a vacation based on the hours most people work.
Yeah, I'm usually a little closer to 7-6:30, but when you mix in the commute, it's 6-7:30. I think it's adorable when people bitch about the "9-5 grind". Usually it's kids who have never had a real job.
Yep, they take their time, but totally worth it. I also have this exact model, in the weathered version, with the blue blade. [So dope.](http://i.imgur.com/q48LQfq.jpg)
3 for 3 so far.
Whoa, that's some serious edge. I bet you have a trollface sticker on your car.
Or just look at the print preview and if the 2nd page is like this, tell it to only print the first page.
Permitting me to groan out loud is at my disposal.
&gt;though that is not to say that they wont be referenced anyways Exactly, so why are people getting upset about stuff that STILL might end up as canon?
I'm one of the biggest SW fans I know, but whether or not Darth Bane is canon affects my life in exactly zero ways.
I guess I need to start reading these. I love how they use the red borders to denote flashbacks.
Apparently all it takes to make not-Boba Fett is to mix in a splash of Rocketeer.
Make sure to come back and tell us what you think!
His shit is delightful. I have the "Be Still!" print framed on my wall, it's so good. edit: a quick perusal tells me it may not be available any more. [Here](http://shirtoid.com/37034/till-luke-said-be-still-and-tamed-them-with-the-old-mind-trick/) is a t-shirt version.
I may. I'm currently working on a [Gray Jedi](http://imgur.com/a/ub5KQ) costume for halloween.
Little fuckers have more job security than most of us.
That would be "carpe carne". This is clearly a butcher advertising his meat of the day.
Why? It's literally all the same comments EVERY time someone posts an ocelot.
/r/atheismcirclejerk is leaking.
I thought that once, too.
When the fuck did anyone say we should stop trying to prevent any of this?
Yes, and it's glorious. There's a roku app as well, and you can share your server with friends.
I bet it looks extra crispy in the dark.
Personally, I only downvoted him because he was crying about downvotes.
