I think you think you're over your issues, your trying to be your own counselor which is never a good idea. One of the great things about seeing a therapist is they can help you see things that you can't see yourself, they are a critical part in the recovery process. 1. Work on yourself. 2. See a therapist. 3. Become happy with yourself. 4. THEN seek out a partner.
I don't have a lot of advice for you...but this line is bullshit " "well I'm working but I'll come out after, but Dan has a date" and he got pretty annoyed with me. I was teasing him and trying to be lighthearted about the situation." You weren't being light-hearted...you made a dig at him and were being passive aggressive.
Seems like he only cares about you when you're going to be the spotlight to others. Oh, a family reunion? Here, this is my daughter to show off that I love. Oh, whats that? A wedding? Of course my wonderful daughter is there. Then when you actually need him, he bails on you. Up to you if you want, he probably just wants to show you off so he can pretend he was actually a father to you in some capacity.
Hotelier - Home, Like No Place There Is Great album, I'm a cranky 33 year old man who really dislikes a lot of new music. Loved this album though.
If someone shows that they are selfish and lack empathy, that is only going to be a bigger issue later down the road, when life becomes more stressful and requires more sacrifices. Jump ship.
I hope you didn't make your dog listen to the Red Wedding, poor thing.
Our cat wasn't a fan of our dog at all. We put up a baby gate that the cats can fit under but the dog can't, they then slowly started getting along more. Cats can often take a longgg time to adjust.
Completely agree, however, the vast majority of large cities and suburbs surrounding those cities have leash laws.
Huh? It doesn't, we're talking about a public park, not an off-leash dog park or an off-leash area.
I'm still a bit confused, he is referring to taking his dog off-leash at a public park, not an off-leash park or off-leash area...?
Sorry, now I feel bad :(, I'm sure your pup is great and I'd love to see a pic of them
You're controlling your temper by suppressing it, not by actually solving the problem. Also, blaming your mom for how you act is a cop out (even if it is true). Get in therapy, find out why you are the way you are, get an idea of where this anger comes from, learn about yourself and through that you can start being kinder to others. Also, an antidepressant might help, sadness isn't the only sign of depression, lashing out/irritability is as well.
Thanks for nitpicking one point in the argument, read the rest of it and get back to me.
That the Blair Witch Project or other found footage films could actually be real, just wouldn't happen anymore.
I just don't worry about the day, everything can wait till tomorrow, I just let everything go. If you're the worrying type, you're going to have issues sleeping, always.
The likelihood of your parents changing is very low. Hell, they probably still like your original name since they gave it to you. I'd just try to let it go.
Thought about getting a dog? If you're lonely and around a lot, a dog can help a lot with those feelings. Plus, dog parks are a great place to meet other people as you already have a shared interest and the same people typically come over and over again, hang in there.
I doubt you left out the cheating because of some moral high ground, you just didn't want to fess up to it and have your kids find out about it and your relationship implode in violent fashion. It probably would have given him a lot more closure on the relationship to know you essentially betrayed him and then decided you wanted a divorce.... Anyway, that's all besides the point, why bother telling him about your current relationship.
The relationship was passionate, it was full of great highs and great lows, that can often be addicting for people as the highs are higher than most relationships get to.
I used to take my dog for several walks a day and he was still wild. We started taking him to an active doggy daycare two days a week and that has completely changed his disposition and saved our sanity. It costs us close to 50 dollars a week but the behaviour change has been priceless.
My girlfriend and I both work full time, 8-5pm every day. Here is some of my advice 1. Find a breed that fits the energy level you can handle. If you get a high energy dog, be prepared to take them to the dog park for a few hours everyday. 2. Consider crate training early on, just because you can't handle the idea of being boxed up in a crate all day, doesn't mean a dog feels the same way. Its a fantastic way to potty train a dog and many dogs like their kennels as it provides them security and solitude. 3. Consider doggy daycare a few days a week. We have our dog go to doggy daycare on Tuesdays and Thursdays and he comes home completely exhausted and happy. This costs around 50 dollars a week, we alternate dropping him off and picking him up. 4. 30 minutes over lunch is fine, you're right, puppies can't hold their bladder. You will need to go home to let him out. 5. It sounds like you have a yard, I'd invest in an invisible fence at least, its very very very very nice to just let the dog out when it needs to go out or to just hang out in the yard and let the dog play. Good luck! Edit: One more thing, start off more strict and get more lax as time goes on. Sure, you might want a puppy in your bed but do you want a full grown dog sleeping with you every night? I'm of the opinion that you start teaching behaviours that you want early, then start giving them more slack as they get older and you find what you want your dog to actually do. For instance, our dog didn't go in our bed for the first 3 months, now that is he is fully crate trained, we let him sleep in with us every now and again on the weekend. Its much harder to train behaviour down the road, just my two cents.
Sounds like you're doing all you can in that realm, sorry he is still so wild :(. In my opinion, its ok for a dog to be pretty wild at the dog park, as long as he/she doesn't play aggressively, even if he/she likes to wrestle, that's totally cool!
Yeah, I call it life.
I'd say about 50% attendance from a Facebook invite is pretty standard.
Eh, there will always be a bad time for this stuff. If anything, she will have the promotion to hopefully help her through this process? You've been together for 1.5 years, there is no easy way about this.
