Noooooo that's crazy.
Stephanie Powers FTW.
Is it that good? Might snag it on VoD tonight.
Knew what that was before I clicked it. My jaw dropped when I saw the replay.
Scumbag Steve-ette is kinda cute.
*TWO* disk drives? What sorcery is this!?
Internet fist bump!
Damn that's pretty cool. I wonder if there's a map anywhere that shows what would happen to The Netherlands though if the water levels start rising.
And it was EVERYWHERE. You know what? Fuck Clearchannel and all those companies. I live in NYC, and I can hear the same song playing at the same time on 4 different stations, with about 10 total songs in a rotation that has 30 mins of commercials per hour. And they wonder why no one's buying music. The radio sucks.
I reckon philosophy was just picking up around the same time. Each culture was separated, but still had a large population whch enabled thinkers to emerge.
I'm amazed ships that big can make it that far up the river.
"There's a special place in hell for people who waste good scotch." Damn skippy, Mike.
FWIW, the Apollo 13 example is a whole huge bit of "things broke". And they had to miraculously engineer the bits to keep them alive. So I forgive that trope, given it's real-life inspiration.
The trailer spoiled everything. Both ships blowing up and crashing, when the premise is "one ship exploring" sort of gives up the ghost. Fury Road's trailer didn't show anything past the first half hour. Far better for maintaining some opaqueness.
Texas &gt; Michigan. I'm done with those guys. Can't wait for the Austin trip next year.
We're one of three teams to NEVER have scheduled an FCS team. UMass was a gift to a head coach, and we also have a huge problem scheduling P5 games in November (no one wants to play OOC at that point), which is why we ended up in your league (sort of).
Apparently fact = downvotes or something.
Isn't that why they have malpractice insurance? Obviously the doctor wasn't trying to hurt his father, but you'd think that a mistake like that would warrant a free fix for the patient and no fees charged on top.
Jonah Hill. I just can't.
It's really, really good. Give it a few episodes to take off, but it's worth it.
God that show is hilarious. "You...you said it? You said 'bitch'?"
I was like " yup, that is exactly what you should do right now.."
Easy there Colin Powell.
Can't hate on that user name.
So is she like the CEO of Reddit or something?
