Orton vs Rocky Johnson
The Last Ride. Damn this move was so awesome.
Alright let's do this: GK - Kane (Tall, good in shape, can jump) or Kofi (Agile as fuck) Defenders - Neville, Bryan, Stardust, Kidd as wingers and in the center I'd have both Usos, Reigns, Titus or Bo Dallas Midfielders - Ryder, Rose, Barrett, Orton as wingers and Woods, Ziggler, Young in the center Attack - Rollins and Ambrose. I'd have a 4-3-1-2 as my formation and the A squad being: ---------------Kane--------------- Neville - Titus - Uso I - Stardust Barrett-------Woods--------Rose ----------------Orton-------------- ----------Rollins---Ambrose------ *edit: formatting
Just make sure, you don't watch SummerSlam!
I'm actually quite excited about him having Khali on the podcast next week.
HBK
Patel you beauty
That was pretty much desi-hindi. He was trying to stay in hindi but moved pretty often into hindi. It's like hearing my drunk uncle trying to speak hindi.
I think it went like "If you're into sports, then go ahead and do sports. Stay away from drugs, that'll only hurt your near ones like your parents. If you want to study then do this. As long as you do what you're doing with passion, anything is possible"
draw? draw!
But they went swimming on 2 of those 3 days!
preparing for an exam on tuesday :(
things can look so bright once you see them from a distance. and yeah that's what I've been doing for the past couple of days. Although the first week was tough as it comes.
"I'd like him to have a one last run"... Whom the fuck don't you want to have a one last run? Very often people will talk about Jericho, Kane, Bully Ray (in that one thread), Batista and so on...
Thing is... he's not to blame. It's the coach or the captain.
My point. That kid basically did his job and scored as many runs as he could. Go hard on the shitty coach if you must
They should make a double blade kendo stick like the Darth Maul sabre.
http://imgur.com/Cs4Zyfp those places!
I feel like that that guy on twitter didn't quite get the concept of this particular meme.
DON'T YOU DARE BE SOUR AND CLAP FOR YOUR TWO TIME WORLD CRICKET CHAMPS AND FEEEEEL THE POWAAAAAAAA
Sheamus!
We will get to hear the flight of the walkyres at the royal rumble!
Writing a test on saturday...sooo gotte prepare a bit today. That'll be a fun friday. Sadly no NFL today, so not a lot I can watch while studying.
NO BITE WHAT SO EVER. THAT'S WHAT THIS BOWLING SIDE'S GOT!
A bit disappointed that Cook didn't get his 50. But congrats!
