every famous pro is in China right now for MarsTV Dota League. wonder if A is there too , I need some BullDong Stream
*Silver Edge FYP
can you explain where I can download it on that page? Seems like im blind , I dont see any download button or smth
I've installed all the updates and Upgrades , running a windows 7 Version with SP1 ! But it seems like I still didn't get an upgrade possibility on my desktop pc meanwhile on my laptop there is already one! What am I doing wrong ?
How Can I download this : KB3035583 manually ? It seems like on the page from microsoft there isnt a download button or am I just blind ? https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/3035583/de ?
Same here :( and you cant download it manually I think
is this Shia LaBoef?
Id swap my desohands everytime with the golden SF arms
wow thanks , Ill remember that for the 1 game in 2000 where I EVENTUALLY could need this
Maybe this could be relevant too : http://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/167u40/colorblind_friendly_minimap/
is it really that in english or are u trolling ?
Tinker
Why is the Tinker immortal not fixed yet ? -.-
agreed! I mean there is a reason for Valve to implement the "Official Data" thing on your profile! and no it isn't meant for trolling people , its because of People like Envy who uses another random anime character at every tournament ( idolising anime characters and switching from month month , I kind a feel sad about that )
its kind a different if you get full of makeup by makeup artists on ESL One Frankfurt or if you are supposed to play a tournament! when casting he HAS to kind a look "okay -&gt;good" when playing he has to feel good
omg yes please
I find that hard to believe ! its a confirmed leak of memory maybe you are just used to superbad lag ? :D
yes as u/a_hundred_boners said its a confirmed memory leak and I REALLY wanna use both immortals :(
Fear is incredible bro! he hasnt got a REALLY signature hero thats not because he isnt especially good with one , thats only because he is SO super solid with every hero he gets drafted to
I dont get these people! they have serious issues! How do you think RTZ got noticed and now is like one of THE best carrys/mid in the world?? I tell you what , he didnt become that by trolling random heroes in inhouses. He did it by giving his VERY BEST every single time and now he is one of the most respected players out there! ( and yes he started in NA inhouses) I myself am a 6.2 k player and im trying my hardest to get in the FPL , do you think I would even CONSIDER trolling when playing with the likes of Bulldog/fuckingmad/dendi/s4 and so on??? I think there is a reason why the NA FPL and NEL are completely SHIT compared to the EU! Im not saying we on EU are mistakeless but in inhouses everyone gives his best. Don't get me wrong , everyone should take care of themselves and decide what they wanna do but when you go out of your "zone" and changes the game of another player who is giving his best , you deserve nothing but get kicked out of the league. No , I am no PJSalt right now ! It's just sad that you can play with the likes of Fear and rtz and decide to troll instead of giving your best when you are complete garbage tier compared to them. I hope NONE of these people ever make it into pro-scene and im pretty sure they ever wont with an attitude like that
you are absolutely right! thanks mate , always giving my best
I would love to bring EXACTLY this thread up , 1 week after TI when the meta is completely dragged out and there is ONE amazing strat! would be fun to see if opinions have changed or stood the same. Personally for me its so-so. there are way too many bristle / wisp / undying / qop / gyro / pl picks, we basically see all of them in every game either picked or banned.
source 2 and Immortals 3 ! Lol , did you really think we would stop ? you must be new here
how do they matchup so often that he can get fed every game ? wtf
thanks for the fast help !
