If I ever end up in a fight, I'm going to fight dirty. I would do everything in my power to avoid a fight, so if I end up in one, there's no way that I'm holding back. Besides, I'm weak as fuck, so I would need every possible advantage.
I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's dead, but it's nothing like what it used to be. I'm fairly new to photography (7 years experience), and I'm actually a professional, working for someone else. I still have so much to learn that it can be a bit discouraging. At least it is until I remember just how much I love shooting...
No kidding. I was once taking bird photos, and I ended up with about 3,000 shots. There were about 20 that were actually worth posting to Facebook, and only four or five that I would consider to be really good.
Thankfully, MN has a law that allows you to run a red if it is safe to go, and if it's been red for an unreasonable amount of time. I'm pretty sure that 11 minutes counts as "unreasonable".
Even worse is when people think that it's acceptable to mess with your computer when you're trying to use it. I yelled at one of my friend's brother, because he tried to shut my laptop when I was using it. I mean, not only is it really irritating, but it's possible to damage the screen, and that would be a very expensive and time-consuming fix.
Yoyogi is such a beautiful place...
I live in Minnesota, and I'm always amazed by how much people struggle in the snow. I get that learning handling intricacies may take a while to learn, but it doesn't take an F1 driver to understand that flooring your car from a stop on ice is not a good way to get moving.
Pilots are awesome people. I might be biased though, since a ton of my friends' parents are pilots.
I've hit 47 on my road bike, and I know people who have topped 60. Someone in my club even crashed at 50 once. They ended up with a pretty serious concussion, but apparently the helmet saved their life. Plus, call me weird, but I actually think that they look pretty cool.
I'd probably try to demonstrate some math theorems. Showing the Pythagorean theorem should be fairly simple to do, and there shouldn't be any communication issues. I suppose that the internet could also be a good way to turn. Just google "Math visualizations", or something similar.
I don't know, it works for audio issues for me.
Wow, that sounds like a great program! Are there any disadvantages to it?
That's not really a disadvantage, though.
If the steering column is still there, what's the point of the drive by wire? What sort of benefits does it offer?
It's just incentive to not crash! /s
It definitely is. The squared off inner parts of the tail lights give it away to me.
I guess that I disagree with you here. My parents have a '15 Forester. The interior isn't anything too exciting, but I wouldn't say that there's anything wrong with it either.
They do occasionally do accident reconstructions, but only for extremely severe accidents. If you were in one that bad, I doubt that the cars would be able to move anyways.
Let me guess, it proves the Spanish translation accurate?
That's pretty cool! I wish that my school had a team, but we're way to small...
It always irritates me how the beetle doesn't flip because of the way that the wheels are turned.
That was my first thought, too! Possibly Paris-Brest-Paris too, but that's a lot shorter.
Your car not wanting to start... It's getting cold enough here in MN that I'm not positive that my car will start tomorrow...
Honestly, I feel like it's justifiable when there aren't any legal channels to get it through.
Would you be willing to give more details? This sounds like a pretty interesting story.
