I'd guess discussing potential problems helps more than complaining about discussing potential problems O_o
I would posit that one's literal genitals can and should be differentiated from one whose personality resembles genitals. Indeed, can a male be a triflin' cuntflap, though he is lacking actual flappy vagina flesh? I would say yes.
&gt;Can you elaborate? After having discussed politics online for more than a decade, I'd guess astroturfers are very real and far more common than public sentiment suggests. Do you agree? Also, what can be done to ensure narrative control doesn't get out of hand? How does one dissent if faced with systemic and prearranged astroturfing?
Could someone familiar with the situation explain the correlation the article's author is implying?
Shouldn't we try?
Uh... prioritize?
Craigslist?
I want to know what's actually occurring so as to ensure existence isn't an untenable abberation.
What if complaining is the only immediately available recourse? What else am I supposed to do while figuring out who to punch?
This is the sort of question we should be asking here.
Thanks for replying :D I'm 32, male, in Rockford IL, don't have a car, and I'm already homeless. The biggest problem right now is a lack of amenities (showers, laundry, transportation, etc.). There's a rescue mission in town, but it isn't within walking distance of the support I do have, and has strict christian proselytizing and a 5 pm curfew. I'd probably be content working on my art and stories while homeless, but I don't know if that's tenable due to the weather and circumstances -- there isn't much for me here without my family. I have places to sleep where I won't freeze to death, some clothes, and a cheap tablet I can use for internet stuff, but that's about it.
My exact point is that I'm willing and capable of working part time while working on my art, but I don't have freely available amenities *or* what I need for my creative endeavors. Thanks for your response :)
I know that feeling -- what should one do if you want to be a decent person, but the behavior of others makes you want to say "While y'all chucklefucks are testing and judging me I'm *actually* trying to solve *real* problems and save you fucktards from yourselves!" For me the real issue is finding a way not to develop a blithe disdain for those who lack the ability/motivation to look beyond what's immediately obvious and comprehend the implications of their lack of critical thought and intellectual honesty.
Fields of study like this are why we should have aspect interaction standards, imo.
Humans have the ability to *choose* to be moral and rational actors, therefore we can decide that human nature is simply what is genuinely ethical, and I'll beat your face in with a stick if you try to enforce anything else. There -- philosophy: solved.
I think part of the problem is the intuitive vibe nihilism radiates -- if one truly believes in nihilism, wouldn't they be more apt to forsake moral realism? If one doesn't believe in nihilism in earnest, but espouses it anyway, isn't that an indication that they're trying to rationalize something bad? I trade out nihilism for the rhetorically superior ethical hedonism.
If people don't exist how could they enjoy existing?
They will be.
If hedonism actually can be ethical, then what purpose is there for antinatalism that's also congruent with said ethics? If we can maximize and maintain viable ethical hedonism, shouldn't we also maximize the cognizance that gets to enjoy pleasure? That's why I added the "ethical" qualifier to my hedonism narrative.
I fully intend to look into bowls for varying reasons, in as much as bowl looking is ethical and/or necessary. Here's a quote: "If you're hard up to stop people from looking at things and you can't or won't explain why you're either ignorant of the implications or actively bad. I'll explain why if you'd like."
A) To what extent can we determine what is true? B) If determinism is valid and perception can affect circumstances, wouldn't conflating nihilism with fatalism potentially foment a self-fulfilling paradox wherein nihilism is only valid if we decide it's valid? If so, the choice is obvious. Ethical hedonism + objective ethics ftw.
&gt;That could be said about any position, from nihilism to epiphenomenalism to communitarianism to mathematical Platonism. So I don't see how this is a problem for nihilists, or (more generally) those who "forsake" moral realism. Does nihilism encourage ethics? If we forsake ethics in favor of [predatory objectivism](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=I_Juh7Xh_70) (anarcho-capitalism, natural selection, punitative receptor aspects, etc.), would you deign to count yourself among the few who would climb to the top of the shit-heap? &gt;This makes know sense. Yes, I do. Thanks for noticing. &gt;Why not any other axiological or metaethical theory? My goal is to foment and maintain what is genuinely ethical. I believe an egalitarian and genuinely mutually beneficial post scarcity existence is possible and sustainable, and grokking that specific net effect dynamic doesn't require much more than basic critical thinking skills -- trying to slap down arbitrary and detrimental philosophies while I comprehend and parse what is actually ideal shouldn't have to be difficult, and I'm starting to wonder how many actual rational actors exist in this mutual aspect. O_o [I'll send you an explanation of what is genuinely ethical once I gain enough comprehension and fluency to explain existence simply.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JWRHe6n5ytM) No, my ego ain't the problem. Thanks for your interest.
Could we help the future by discerning where blame belongs?
[What if me am like woo?](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WtMlB-BEMso) Can't we be pragmatic without forsaking supposition?
Though I don't necessarily ascribe to the more rapturous hopes of singularity connoisseurs (I'd prefer to make something good happen rather than hoping for it), I don't actually sense much reason to accept puritanical pragmatism -- should we risk overlooking some less obvious paradigm for the sake of intellectual superiority?
