&gt;Though gridiron, baseball, basketball and ice hockey are known here as the "Big Four" sports, soccer has surely ousted ice hockey to join that quartet. Nah.
I know what you are referring to and it was NBCSN not NBC. Also that's an incredibly misleading statistic. EPL face almost ZERO competition in the US for their timeslot, while the NHL is going against other large sports leagues and primetime TV. Also, every single NHL game is on TV, while that can't be said for EPL. In addition, fans of the NHL teams may be less likely to watch on TV because many will be attending the games, while that is impossible for EPL in the US.
Well for some teams at least...
&gt; the Marketers haven't gotten into the heads of Millenniums the way they have for previous generations. This just isn't true. You just target them in different ways. The millennials have been figured out for a while now. You need to offer value with your advertising. That's why companies like Buzzfeed have taken off. They are literally a giant advertisement, it's how they make their money, but they provide entertainment to people. Same thing goes for event marketing or sharing native content on social media. It works incredibly well.
The actual reason cheerleading isn't considered a sport is because it doesn't follow a unison set of rules across competitions. While sports such as gymnastics and boxing have judges, the discretion is judged against the same standards in every competition. This is not the case for cheerleading.
&gt; Depression is not a personal problem, it's a medical problem. Medical problems are personal problems. He wasn't kicked off the US Team, but his boss decided that his lack of involvement beforehand would hinder the team if he were selected. FMLA and ADA do not say that you are entitled to a position or job if your disability or disease prevent you from performing that task. If you took a sabbatical from work because of depression at a marketing agency and then came back and were not performing at the incredible success rate that you were before, you should expect to be put on a team for your company's biggest pitch in years that they were preparing for the entire time you were away.
&gt;In real life, outside of an academic setting? Not really. I'd almost argue the opposite. In the real world, you are judged on the end result, no matter how hard you work. If you're simply more naturally talented, or can think of better solutions, it doesn't matter how hard you work. Obviously hard work matters, but to claim talent doesn't is pretty naive.
This is no different from the rules for Union fans at PPL Park and everyone has been sucking Union fans' dicks since we've entered the league. NYCFC really isn't any different. It's ok to love to hate them, but it's silly to think that SKC or RBNY are any more "organic".
Yeah I honestly think it's silly to claim that traveling doesn't give you some insight and perspective that those who don't travel generally lack. Every new experience gives you more perspective, and traveling to another country is one of the most new and different experiences you can have.
&gt; If you're a person that uses those terms in a league you have to buy your way into I guess you'll take legitimacy anyway you can get it. Yeah pretty much. The point is none of the teams themselves are organic. Fandom is pretty much all organic, even if marketing is involved to get people there. The Union is still a business like the rest and Union fans are no more organic than NYCFC fans. We're just more negative.
Ok and then you can say the same to literally everyone else bashing them. Judge them in their third year, not their third month. Or can you only judge them if you have a negative opinion. Also, launch to market is a huge indicator of success further down the line. They have created great top of mind awareness and built great momentum in their brand equity in a busy market with a high barrier to entry. I'm judging them on the terms of the article. They are doing a lot better than any other MLS team I've seen that has launched in a saturated market.
&gt; Does Fifa get paid based off number of viewers for the world cup or have they already sold the right for T.v. for this world cup for a set amount? In a roundabout way, yes. # of viewers will absolutely effect their future contract negotiations.
Dude honestly I don't care enough about this topic to really read everything you wrote, sorry. Just skimming: Chivas USA failed because of bad management, marketing, and apathy. NYCFC could easily avoid their pitfalls. There is too much money to be made for them to simply "stop caring" and having 2 organizations in the ownership group helps prevent this. &gt;and I just don't see how throwing more money at the problem solves the problem Look at the current state of the Yankees and Man City. Their current ownerships (who collectively own NYCFC) literally did exactly this and built 2 of the strongest sporting brands in the world around it. Also, nothing about NYCFC's marketing in NYC screams Man City at all. It's all entirely focused around the idea of a NYC team. This is 100% different than what Chivas did.
Haha yeah, I just don't get why this is even a post on the sub haha. I've seen a lot worse MLS gear than this hat.
All he had to do was work hard and keep his mouth shut and would have gotten over $11MM over the next 2 years. For an old as shit O-lineman, that's fucking amazing. I get that they want to max out their time in the NFL, but at what point do you just realize that you aren't actually worth any more to the team? I'd argue he already had an insanely good contract for his situation.
It's about the team name not the organization itself.
They're probably even better than a simple sample. Parents are more likely to be older, and older people are more likely to vote. Edit: If you're going to downvote me, read my post further down that pretty much proves my point.
Parents of children in Kids Pick the President (they aren't going to be young children, mostly over 12) are most likely going to be in their 30s or 40s. These people have a *much* higher voter turnout than those 18-29. Also, [70% of married parents vote, regardless of age](http://content.csbs.utah.edu/~wolfinger/Wolfinger-Wolfinger2008.pdf). This would suggest that these kids parroting their parents would be much more representative than a polling of all eligible voters. Edit: Also remember that the kids in these elections were calling in and using the internet, suggesting that they were older.
How do you understand that? 1 having a significantly higher open rate suggests that either the sender or subject (or both) is different. The other having a 60% higher CTR would suggest that the email's content is different. I'd be willing to bet there were multiple variables at play.
My dog goes through one of those balls a week, but they are his absolute favorite so i buy them quite often. Try black kong toys. My pit destroys everything else he gets.
&gt; I guess I just have to choose if it's worth having less people read my emails to get more engagements. How large was your sample size? Did you achieve statistical significance. Hypothetically, the body text itself shouldn't effect open rate. Was different preview text (the small part of the email you can read before opening?) showing for each email? It just seems like that difference between open rates is incredibly large to not have been effected by something specific. Did you look at bounce rate between group A and group B to account for that?
There is a breed called the American Pit Bull Terrier, but generally a pit bull can be 1 of 3 breeds or a mix of them. Either way, you're dog is obviously a pit mix, not sure what that person is trying to say.
staffordshire bull terrier
That's some [Paranoid Park](https://youtu.be/6fjoxbyYaRc?t=59) shit.
[I own a brindle pit bull.](http://imgur.com/jtYc4I2) He is a pit bull, people who see him call him a pit bull, the SPCA called him a pit bull and everyone knows what "pit bulls" look like. I'd rather have my dog be an advocate for all dogs identified as pits than run away from the term that the vast majority of society uses and will continue to use. I live in America and I also live in reality and that's what they're known as.
