There's always going to be that one guy who shotguns the good craft beer, that's why you always bring a crappy flat of Molson dude.
Put it something like a septum clicker to make taking it out and putting it back in less of a hassle.
If your building has 4 meters, then it also has 4 panels. It is strange that all 4 of these panels would be in an area that isn't accessible to you, is there a portion of the building that you aren't able to get to? It's really difficult to wire a duplex, triplex or fourplex incorrectly and cross wires over. You don't just haphazardly jump from one room in one unit to another room a different unit. It's just not something that is going to happen very often. You said that you check voltages at all of your outlets and were able to roughly confirm that 8 of 9 were on a single 120v leg of your panel, probably not a big surprise because with that few receptacles, they are honestly probably all on the same circuit. Things you haven't taken in to account are lights being in the other leg of your panel. What about large plug-in appliances like your fridge? Or did you pull it out from the wall to test the voltage? Kitchen hoodfan or Microwave OTR, dishwasher, washing machine? It is EXTREMELY unlikely that there is anything wrong. The only thing I could see being an issue is the ungrounded outlets and your electronics.
They say that until there is a fire and guess who the first person to get a finger pointed at is going to be.
Again, those are HOME speeds, you can get way faster speeds for businesses because you're needing to possibly provide Internet for hundreds of employees, not just 4 people
State of the art machines.... AMD processors and 8.00GB of RAM with no mention of MHz.
I have a friend who despite finally agreeing with me that it was Laurie after weeks of arguing with him that there was no 'r' at the end, still just says Laurier. This was probably 8 years ago. I don't know if it's out of habit or just to spite me.
Seeing as there is no 'i' between the 'v' and 'ous', no it isn't.
It's just because we have the Internet now that it seems so consistent. Not saying that it makes any of it justifiable, but you get national and world wide news now, instead of local only.
Weapon checks are pretty much standard now to make sure nothing is sharp, or real. And you get a bright zip-tie or something similar attached to said weapon.
The old brown is 219, reddish brown is 192.
*sips root beer*
If only I had a bunch of white croissants to make stone statues at the top of all of my buildings like the Parisian Restaurant.
Ya, I hadn't thought of that until after I edited my response. At least it's only 1 piece that is wrong then!
Edit: double
Based on the picture, it looks like the majority of your house is fed with multi-wire branch circuits. This is 2 hots with a shared neutral. The thing that you will want to look for are quad breakers. There will be 4 handles on them, a pair in the middle tied together for 240V, as well as a single15A on the top and bottom. You do need to make sure though that you aren't putting too many circuits in your panel, on the sticker on it there should be two numbers separated by a slash. Based on the panel schedule picture you posted, your panel has 30 breaker slots, so the number should be "30/XX". The second number is the maximum number of circuits you can have in the panel, you aren't allowed to exceed that number. Edit: the part number you'll want is HOMT1515215, you can swap the last 3 numbers with 220, 230, 240, or 250 to change the rating of the middle 2 breakers. You can also change the first numbers to 2020 to have single 20s depending on your needs.
What does the left side of your panel look like? It looks like you have a couple more tandem breakers over there that could possibly be changed to quads to make room. It also looks like the bottom right breaker is a 2-pole 20A, but both wires are black, are you able to confirm that those two black wires come from separate 12/2 cables with independent neutral wires?
ITT: people who don't know the difference between a spoiler and an airfoil.
The lights going through Kensington all the way up to the University is a completely separate problem. As much as it slows down traffic a bit, southbound doesn't bottleneck anything close to as badly as northbound. They need to look as sinking Crowchild through that whole corridor through Kensington and designing similar to how Glenmore is now.
Any deep fryer that I've seen or owned in the last 10 years has a magnetic cord attachment on the back of the unit so that if you pull the cord, it just comes apart at the magnet, takes barely any force to detach them. Until they make the countertop mounted plug boxes cheaper and I find a builder that won't make me pay for the hole in the granite, the only island I would put one on top of would be my own, and that's just because I think they're cool, not that I find them necessary.
62-202 (2) - A manually operable control for an electric heater in a bathroom shall be located at least 1m from the bathtub or shower stall, this distance being measured horizontally between the control and the bathtub or shower stall, without piercing a wall, partition, or similar obstacle. (3) If the condition in Subrule (2) is not practicable, a manually operated control shall be permitted to be located not less than 500mm from a bathtub or shower stall provided that it is * (a) protected by a ground fault circuit interrupter of the Class A type; or * (b) supplied by a Class 2 circuit operating at not more than 42.4V peak or DC. Don't see any mention of a sink in here.
We got ourselves a good old Canadian fight going on here. I'll meet you for a hockey game in the Tim Horton's parking lot in 15 minutes so we can truly settle this.
Bathroom vs. washroom. Every single **bathroom** code exists because of the tub or shower, not because of the sink. I'm going to get a picture of a panel located right beside a toilet in a washroom just to make you pull your hair out.
Of course I'm a little angry. Multiple other people are arguing against you, multiple codes have been brought up showing that you are wrong, direct definitions from the code book for the differences between a washroom and a bathroom. And you're still just like "Meh, not in my opinion."
I've never had an issue with my Telus 50, but I'm on fibre too. Are these your speeds on wifi? Or LAN?
