Hell yes. It's fun to be hated for your team's greatness.
1-4 are excellent. 5 and 6 are fine (though not the best), and 7 is also very good (on par with the first four). 8 is one of the worst final seasons ever though, and at that point it's almost worth watching for the comic relief (seriously, you'll laugh at the absurdity of it at points - the treadmill! the tire slashing! - and it's almost an unintentional self-parody).
&gt;Nobody said it was the best pizza in the world Good thing we also have that! Whether you accept that NY pizza is the best or you're a heathen that prefers Chicago style, they're both better than pizza elsewhere.
He's on HBO. He can do whatever the hell he wants.
The way I build my cities, the narrow channel in the middle of the image (at the mouth of what looks like a lake/river) would be a dense population center (probably the densest, actually, though you appear to have chosen the bottom right for that). Also, what's the dome thing near those tall buildings? It looks like the upper left corner of their city tile is some sort of giant dome.
&gt; a good cut off point is where the fetus could live outside the womb There are plenty of already-born people who cannot function outside the womb without being dependent on others; what (if anything) makes it okay to kill a fetus that possesses this trait but not an already-born person who similarly needs help to survive? Assume we're talking about someone that doesn't have conscious thought (such as someone in a coma or otherwise incapacitated).
&gt; Anti-life isn't accurate to describe pro-choice: you can be pro-choice and against abortion How so? If you support people being able to freely and legally choose abortions, you are supporting the legal status of abortion and inherently supporting the destruction of fetuses and the termination/pre-emption (depends whether you think they're already alive) of life.
From what I understand the new one is vastly inferior to SC 4.
I thought Cars 2 was the real villain in Cars 2.
Aren't A and B the same thing?
It's like if someone asked the chef to take the best steak they have and turn it into a hamburger.
Bad example though because that job won't exist in 5-10 years. (There are plenty of alternatives though.)
I much prefer the Velvet Revolver version.
Trucks will still move cargo across the country, but for the most part they'll drive themselves. An autonomous truck can drive longer hours with fewer accidents and increased fuel efficiency.
Maybe not in 5, but I would be very surprised if it wasn't significantly reshaping the logistics industry within the next decade.
Stamkos+Eichel would be insane.
The Giants are the closest thing to a dynasty in the past 10 years, yes, but just a few years before that the Yankees won in '96, '98, '99, and '00, with appearances in '01 and '03 too.
Normally, large NYC law firms have a standardized salary progression that starts at $160k and jumps to $170k, 185k, 210k, etc... in fixed increments. $55k is shockingly and unbelievably low.
Normally, large NYC law firms have a standardized salary progression that starts at $160k and jumps to $170k, 185k, 210k, etc... in fixed increments. $55k is shockingly and unbelievably low.
Just to add the years: founded '72, won ' 80-'83.
And embellished last night on the high stick!
https://warosu.org/data/ck/img/0054/34/1400084863723.jpg
Please don't repeat this nonsense and go read the fucking tax code.
You know who else had the power to immediately change the fact that they're unequal and does not? You. By nature of the fact that you (1) have access to a computer and the internet, and (2) have the free time to browse and comment on Reddit, you are inherently better-off than many millions of people around the world. You *could* choose to give some (or, if you already give some, as she undoubtedly does, to give even more) of your resources to others, but you choose not to. It's perfectly fine to make that choice, but don't be hypocritical yourself while asserting that another person is a hypocrite.
If you set up your own foundation, then yes, there are ways to recuperate some of the costs, but it's still very difficult to actually come out ahead financially. Those things are also illegal, by the way (since you are obligated to report the kickbacks as income, though you might get away with it if you aren't audited). If you're just donating to an already-established charity, you absolutely do not come out ahead financially. Donating $100k will only reduce your taxable income by that amount, so you won't profit from it.
