Rainbowsix, game is like bf4 content with csgo competitive. Im a poor guy :(
im sure theres much of guides out there, but i prefer to hear from fellow redditor's - As a prot warrior, how can i keep much aggro and not get "out" aggro by big dmg by your teammates? Im lv 71 so i have a pretty good size of skills, but i feel like sometimes when i pull alot, theres always that 1-3 npc going for healer,ranged dmg.
what watts do u vape on?
i feel like tos brings back old mmo genre feels making players more social like they were back in maplestory, ro,etc
this is well detailed and easy to understand, thanks! btw will my lantency on online games such as csgo,wow go from 20ms to 300?
its red horse
MMorpg is the next big thing
where did u get this ?
One way to track down gold spammers, When we get those surveys, make sure it tracks our blocklist.. So the high amount of names being block = gold spammer, ezpz
what rank do i need for that?
clicking client doesnt do anything, also do u know whats the required ms?
i hear ingame under 70 is minimum for kfm..
i heard this was not accurate at all?
nah u just cant aim/time it right.. bns introduce me to this new action pvp feel.. just gotta get use to it. its not ur typical tab targgetting locked type, it requires you to move your mouse more often
game went from being fun and knowing your teammates are on par with your mind level, to i gotta carry this shitty silver 4 while the rest of are gold 1 and diamond 5...
nah u just suck
irrelevant
irrelevant
is there a way to contact support to delete my character? 7days for lv 20 alt is too long -.-
The division.. hyppee!
lv 43 vs 28 dafckk
summoners were a pain but i figure out how i can beat them, just purep ressure on the player not cat.. make sure to Q . E aloooot... if ur up close to them, its an ez win.. spam tab as gap closer..
am i the only guy who doesnt give a shit about the drop of graphic quality? this game is the game ive been wanting as a fps/mmorpg type player.. hyppeee
havent been on ecr lately, did u guys announce the flavor for Mr. E? my guess was pixie candy powder
what can we use gold for anyways? im new and havent even gotten to cap
