Read the Darth Vader Marvel run that's going on right now.
Graphics are so overrated. I don't give two big farts about FPS, resolution or any of that crazy technical shit. Just give me a great story and a fully upgraded Hunting Rifle or bring back Ol Painless and I'll be good to go. Good graphics don't make a good game, the same people that complain about graphics are so hypocritical because they probably have the biggest boner for retro style indie games. Which I love, but I don't care about visuals. Just don't make my eyes sore.
Didn't Sr. shave his stache before a Brickyard one year? I swear this happened.
Or just be sad and alone and have a big bed all the time
Too bad this isn't on a Wii, then we could call it Deja Nintendo! Eh?
I always thought Dwight Yoakam would make a great McPoyle
You're telling me. I can't do it.
I'm the opposite, I think I know Megaton better than my actual home of 15 years.
I saw something kinda like this happen at a stop light. This lady backed directly into the truck behind her, obviously felt the impact, back up farther and then drove off when the light turned green.
Now I just need a way to win 600k
Makes me think of the Animaniacs
Goddamn what is going on in San Fran?
As a falcon, I don't understand either statement ):
Are they a high school couple? Jesus, this is the most annoying team in the NBA
Worth it.
My sultan. I spent the first week of gta online on 360 searching for this car. I'll never let it go.
"Well, he kinda looked like Tom Hardy and everyone says I remind them of Charlize Theron, so we figured what the hell"
By that logic where is Robert Horry on your list? Or Steve Kerr?
Ooo. That sounds interesting
I'm on ps4!
https://youtu.be/1fuHwZKXPFY
Yeah, Sansa wishes she looked like that.
Every video game I own is now obsolete,
dawg, we get to build our own fucking settlements. It's like they spied on my wet dreams
build your own weapons and armor and have enemies come out of the ground and then have a voice and then be able to make your character actually look like a real person and then be able to craft things out of the random trash you find and then and then and then
