Iowa 6. Penn State 4. Set college football back ten years.
BB reunion?
Penn State defense got the 120th worst starting field position per drive they faced in 2014. Ending avg drive was 7th in FBS.
God, I'd hope not!
Everyone should have interest in Brandon Saad. The Penguins could have had him!
Dominate the Garden State.
Yeah sorry I saw the rivals rating before the composite. After last year, ANY offensive lineman will perk my ears up.
Sept 11, 1999. LaVar Arrington blocks a 52 yard Pitt field goal that would have given them an upset win in a year Penn State was expected to do very well.
"I didn't know Jadeveon's car that could go that fast. He doesn't have a pretty car like those FSU guys used to drive." - Steve Spurrier
The Penn State / Pitt ones enrage me enough that I almost drive off the road.
Great picture! But first full stadium White Out was Notre Dame 2007.
I used to think this might be true, but I used to audit car dealerships and worked in 6 or so large D1 program's cities. Lots of coaches drive demo cars for dealerships, but I never saw any indication of players getting benefits.
That would certainly be my guess.
If there's a background story there, I don't know it. Have any insight?
Thanks for the info! I work in Nova now and there's lots of VT grads here (as well as PSU grads) so the upcoming series should be great.
Should be the right [clip](https://youtu.be/MV_1xZTA4yg)
I'm by no means anti-police but if you're talking about incriminating yourself, there's nothing smart about making their job easier. The burden of proof lies on them.
The starters were still pretty good that year. I think people forget Penn state was a 1 loss (to Alabama) team before the scandal broke in November '11.
Idea I thought of when I was a student who didn't love other students coming late to less important home games: a rewards program wherein you get higher priority for tickets the following year if you get to more games and at the appropriate time. The "best" fans then don't get left out when the student tickets sell out.
This is always my example for how one player is not larger than the franchise.
My two favorite teams. Excellent.
Huge for them. Kid is a stud. He'll be fun to watch the next few years.
I'm... Ok with this. We can be with our true rivals.
Maybe Ian Cole for Robert Bortuzzo. See what the kid has.
I actually really like Ian Cole. I hope they can make a deal with him work.
