I would not be surprised. They let anyone upload things. Use to be very lightly moderated, but they've gotten better.
I prefer 0. This way 7 and 14, 10 and 20, 15 and 30, and 20 and 40 are all fine.
I did not mean throatfucking... lol
What amuses me more is that it lists absolutely no points of interest in rhode island.... sounds like about what I'd expect.
Why did you want sex left out of it?
I love you. So much... You understand my plight.
So... D as in Dog?
I was not when that was posted.
Except, who cares if she maximizes her dating pool... Women are the gatekeepers. If a guy can't step up, best they date no one.
Does not change the fact. You aren't being nice by blinding people.
Yeah... When you get a local anesthetic it still hurts a bit to be stabbed with the needle.
You seem confused.
Beer and cheese curds?
Maybe with a nice brown mustard and a thick slice of cheese? And, what kind of bread are we talking about? Rye?
This should really be /r/evenwithcontext
Really? I just lost some.
No, we know they're trashy. Allow me to explain: Trashy vs Classy is fundamentally about if you respect others or not. A truly classy person would realize that people do not like unsupervised children playing on their property, and stop them without a word having been said. Now, it's not that one is automatically trashy if one doesn't immediately stop the children... but, if someone has to say something to you and you REFUSE to do anything about it, yes... you're trashy now.
You know how it's getting a bit complicated? That's part of why you should be getting an attorney. Get one.
&gt;Don't take legal advice form the police. Best legal advice you can ever receive. Edit: formatting fail
Reading this made me wonder if I was having a stroke.
So... apparently Canada and Denmark have some kind of a territorial dispute. As a Canadian, would you please explain that to me?
Actually, he's probably being totally serious. Movies shot on film are done at 24hz traditionally because the human brain can only perceive 10-12 actual images per second, so anything above this starts to create the illusion of motion. However, the human brain actually works asynchronously to perceive visual stimulus so... higher numbers are not actually wasted, they're just not really needed to create the illusion of motion either. Tl;Dr: Film movies are shown at less than 30hz, so it's a common misconception and that guy is probably serious. Edit: Added the summary because some of you like to post huffy sounding replies to people you agree with.
I am trying to get the founder to agree to defaulting to 3 instead of 0 on the link that shows up when people forget context, that's nearly always enough to make sense of what's happening, and if its too much it doesn't really hurt anything.
never assume no lawyer would take it. Just call and ask.
Meh.. I've had been happier if he'd really linked it up in /r/nocontext too, but, I guess that's too much to ask for?
