Context shapes text. Again, comparable scene in The Crying Game, technically far better set up, is playing the same scenario. This is actually a scene that I think is fairly well known in cis culture, the trans reveal. In light of how that's "supposed" to go, I think Boy Meets Girl is working very deliberately on the spectacle level.
As a bi trans woman ... this is not the hierarchy of bigotry that I'm used to.
How do you feel about democracy?
Responding just to the latter half if your question: I'm a trans woman and a feminist. I was a feminist pre transition too. The word describes my stance and method when it comes to thinking about and responding to structural sexism, ie patriarchy. I don't think that only women have the right to describe themselves as feminists, for that reason. However, I do sometimes wonder if I'd have been a feminist if I were born a developmentally normal male in e exact same circumstances. I hope not, for hypothetical guy me's sake, but being separated out from the girls and hearing the things young men said when they thought no women could hear, definitely shaped me., Most feminists in my social class and age group don't seem to think twice about a trans woman being a feminist. Once you accept a trans woman as a woman, accepting her as a feminist is pretty trivial.
Aren't we all just doing both as we wait for the end?
I'm a college professor who transitioned at 28. My speaking voice is just fine. Train seriously, humbly, and with good techniques and you should be able to get a voice that sounds cis.
Go to /r/transtimelines and search for MTF in your age.
I realized I'm severely codependent and started taking less shit and being less enabling. I'm way less terrified of disagreeing with my friends or doing things that will displease them when necessary, and I can talk them through rougher shit without that codependent terror that I'm threatened in myself through threats to them, which is toxic.
Clearly squats are my destiny.
&gt; drastic surgery to change how people see you It really doesn't work that way.
They can't change your genital morphology in any big way, but they can change a lot of other things.
I'm not post op, but I am deep into hormonal transition and blend in fine. The stares stopped quite some time ago. For me, transition was and is about the body. I felt really weird and dissociated in an increasingly male body on testosterone, and on estrogen I just feel like the grown woman version of my child self. My body makes way more sense; my moods make more sense; everything makes more sense than it did on testosterone.
It wouldn't have been wildly offensive, just tacky. In general, you need a high degree of friendly familiarity with a group to make jokes that are both sophisticated and funny.
Most binary trans people have very stable identities once we figure it out and sort out transitioning. I've read maybe 1-2 redditors who had different experiences, including one woman who had transitioned FtM, then back MtF 15 years later, and she said that one day she just stopped feeling male, but had genuinely been male before. Brains have done stranger things. It can obviously happen. But it's pretty rare for anyone to transition more than once if they're binary (male or female gender identity). Some non binary people find out by first transitioning binary though, and some binary people claim to be non binary as they work out their identity before accepting that they're binary trans.
Your inability to empathize isn't trans people's problem.
Yeah, that was my reaction, but I kinda wanted to know the poster's angle. Seems like some kind of evo psych-supported trp kind of thing.
Personally, the surprise is problematic for me. (Not that you've done something wrong, just that it's a symptom of a culture that doesn't see trans women as fully equal women.) Beauty culture has its own issues, but it shouldn't be so shocking that some women who are conventionally, beautiful are trans. Especially given how being beautiful is a particularly vital survival trait for many trans women. Looking conventionally attractive helps ensure that people automatically see us as women and treat us accordingly without question, and many of us put in the time and expense to be as gorgeous as we can for exactly that reason. She clearly is going for beauty. It's not wrong to recognize that she's achieved it. But I'm a bit sad that's still a shock to people.
Honestly, I have no idea. Some people managed to figure out I was on hrt as early as three months, but they knew me really well and had tagged me as possibly closeted trans 5 years before.
I thought all estradiols upped that risk and synthetic ones like ethinylestradiol just particularly so. Is this not the case?
August will work. You can usually use your name a month after final judgment, so submit the announcement right after the rather pro forma court date.
When it's used as a noun I always think how weird it is to refer to a person as "a gender".
Eh, if you can ever fully abolish the idea of man and woman that'll probably make life simpler for trans people--"I am a human being on exogenous endocrine treatments who's had genital surgery to confer functions I badly needed" sounds way more boring and way less controversial than "I am transsexual"--but trans people should be the last group that causes concern to those who want to defang oppression based on sex classes, since our existence threatens the category stability itself. If you can't expect the same people to stay assigned to the class you tried to sort them into based on biology, it's awfully hard to maintain a hierarchy of those classes. Hard to see why trans people, whose existence already has done plenty to undermine sex based oppression's core rationale, are expected to do even more (we've done our time mostly and have the scars for defying the foundational principles of society). We've done our part mostly. It's not our job to live outside the binary because it'd set a good precedent for billions of cis people.
Bedroom issues matter a lot--I honestly had no idea how good sex could be until deep into transitioning--but you will spend way more time not having sex than having it. Key question: would you rather have breasts while folding laundry?
Rehearse. "X is a woman I met while skydiving. She is mad cool. She, she, she."
What were you expecting?
