My partner enjoys gentle touching/circles of her cervix as well as lightly jiggling it or vigorously jiggling just below it without touching it. I've also heard this is a rare trait.
This looks completely bizarre anatomically when viewed sideways. (Specifically her pec) Its actually interesting in normal orientation, since you rarely see breasts compressed like that.
Great way to say it. Only thing I'd add is, if she wants, she can feed the hot dog to you, and maybe tickle the walnut at the same time. Depending on how horny she is, the process might work the other way as well. For me, a good hand job when she isn't in the mood for sex just makes me crave the feeling of her vagina more until the next time we get to have sex.
An original comment was to console your partner when they ask and promise to make up the next day. I find this in practice to be a terrible idea. If one partner is bringing it up, they have a sexual need right then and putting it off until tomorrow (which might never happen) can be any where from a minor inconvenience to torture. The following day or even later in the day could be completely unpredictable, we all have busy lives. A better answer I've found would be to address their request for intimacy in the best way the second partner can tolerate. Examples: "I'll cuddle with you and stroke your chest while you play with yourself. If I nod off its just because you relax me and I feel safe." "I'm tired but I would enjoy feeling you cum inside of me, please don't expect me to get into it." "I'll fondle you or lick a bit, I'll let you know if I get horny."
Hello 😃
Making time before the day is late is an idea I like but have yet to be successful with.
I'd say it's more affirmation that it's what you want in that exact moment. I just discussed this with my wife as I'm the type that likes it gentle, but the risk of trying one her "kinks" without being told to and having it backfire (she doesn't like what I did in that moment) is a bit terrifying to me. But also part of her kink is not that I'm doing it, is that I want to do it rough. She thinks she might be able to tell I'm faking cause I'm a nice guy and it won't be a turn on. Plus the couple times I felt like being rough or taking what I wanted it backfired and I don't want to repeat those feelings or ever risk hurting her. Even tiny clues or verbal hints would help. "Oh yeah you want me naughty boy" is something cheesy she'd never say, but if she said it in her "lust" voice I'd get the picture. Or "you gotta take it", or maybe an animalistic moan instead of a soft girly one.
I would properly do it the cheap and dirty way, whatever is simple. Might have to activate my non-X rated reddit nerd account to figure it out.
My wife shaves smooth every week or so, I keep it trimmed very short all over and every orifice. I don't want to be that hairy old man, and enjoy when others can't tell how old I am. Both 30s.
I fixed your flair for you, happy posting :-)
What change did you make?
I modified it so that your code is still present but is not default for the users. If you want to go back and change users from your format to mine, that's fine. I'd say almost 50% of users are primary mobile and get on PC occasionally.
Thank you very much for your response.
I had no idea their details, thanks!
I've tried it and so far it's interesting but I don't react as others describe. My advise is everyone should try it but not expect to be a rock star with it. A few details: I've only tried solo prostate so far since the wife isn't yet into it. Fingers are difficult so I invested in an nJoy wand and a cheaper plastic one with a handle and vibrator. Results are that I still don't like anus contact or simulation, but once is in prostate massage does feel nice. I can't orgasm from it, but with some penis simulation I can. The orgasms are noticeably different, more tingling and tremble in my legs, and a bit more of the shock of a single hard hit on climax. Slipping a small toy in is easy now, it's about control and being used to it. The bigger toy I tried as its the girth of my erection is difficult every time, and I feel bad asking my wife to take on such a task in her anus. Good lube is important. I planned on doing a lube thread later. I can post shopping links if needed.
Interesting point about the glans ring, I'm rather sensitive so maybe it will work for me.
X seems to be getting more main stream lately, but over all they have decent stuff.
Hegre and IFeelMyself are the only ones I consistently like, and my wife can get into.
I like to write out fantasy literature, often inspired by things I notice about my partner or ideas she gives me, and I take them to the next level, in extra detail. I want to find a reader who really enjoys reading one, and then recreates one of them with me or with my partner. Sorry if you were looking for specifics, that's about all you'll get from me.
I guess I wasn't clear, I actually meant traditional porn in which I'm not really into. They used to mostly do only sensual type videos.
I'm nerdy male who's know my partner 20 years, but only physically involved around 4 years with them. We are a soft sex couple who is curious about others, a complicated open relationship. She also posts in this sub and r/sex . I view both the female and male body as beautiful, and enjoy photography relating to it. I grew out of an extremely sex-hidden family, with almost zero education when I was young. I've spent much of my life studying sexuality and anatomy, I can never be satisfied when it comes to learning to new things. Most of my posts on reddit are technology related using another account. Most of the threads I make with this account are female eye candy (and gay male) /r/MaleUnderwear /r/ladybonersgw /r/penis /r/mangonewild I frequently comment in /r/sex I view [subreddits of soft core eye candy for straight men](https://www.reddit.com/r/RealGirls+nsfw+sex+nsfw_gifs+ass+Amateur+Boobies+dirtysmall+ginger+TinyTits+LipsThatGrip+grool+quiver+sexover30+gifsgonewild+gettingherselfoff+aa_cups+bodyperfection+PussyMound+SexyTummies+TwoXSex+GoneErotic+WorkIt+cunnilingus+translucent_porn).
It's easy to attract a photographer with a Karna magnet like dual kittens.
I feel I'm much more confident and I wish I could go back and talk to my 20 year old self, sometimes I feel like much of my youth was wasted. Whenever I see someone male or female that either resembles me physically or is in a similar situation that I was, I have the fantasy of swooping them up and teaching them everything I know in a mind blowing night of ecstasy. Is this a fantasy of anyone else?
Don't feel embarrassed or feel like you are coming off as an ass. The whole idea here is we know that we all have some sort of experiences, and in most cases they differ from person to person! You might be the enthusiastic cockring expert, we love that and people who are not experts love to read your opinion! ;) ( u/Cockring_Buddha )
I think a hand job with prostate massage would suffice. I probably should have noted that my fantasy is much more vivid when transposed into a female in the situation.
