This is what's holding me back from buying the game too. Buying a house out in the country has its downsides.
Got married. Bought a house. Expecting first born next month. Best year of my life.
Definitely seems recent. There isn't a guitar in sight.
Just a joke. I love the stuff from Currents so far.
They prefer meese.
What a ridiculous complaint.
She knew.
I used to eat a bologna sandwich with American cheese and miracle whip on white bread almost everyday as a kid. I only recently started eating mayo again after a fifteen year break. Still don't eat bologna, American cheese or white bread and I doubt I will ever again.
If I were to bet 100 dollars that you are wearing flip flops, I would take that bet.
Diddy Kong Racing was remade for the DS. Donkey Kong Country Returns and Xenoblade - two games for the Wii - were remade for 3DS. I guarantee you there is not a single conversation at Nintendo HQ that is going along the lines with your reasoning. There isn't a pattern with remakes that Nintendo is following. You have one example of a GameCube game being remade for the Wii U. You are basing this entirely on the fact that there are three N64 remakes on the 3DS, but you're also discounting the two Wii games that also had a remake. So what can we conclude? Nothing!
So these games originally came out on a home Nintendo console, and the newest home Nintendo console is the only place we won't be seeing this collection. Hm.
Man I wish I could replay that game over again for the first time. You saved the best for last.
We have that. It's called Super Mario World.
I wish I had done some more research before buying this game. Nothing wrong with the game at all, but I have satellite internet and a data cap that throttles to dial up speed after reaching the cap. As it stands, if I play an hour of online I will eat up an entire gigabyte of data. Luckily I have unlimited use during 12a to 5a. But I also work 9 to 5. So at best if I want to cut into my sleep I can get in an hour after midnight without using up data. This game is awesome, but I'm already seeing the effects of owning the game without full online capabilities as an option. Years down the line when the servers are done, I won't be putting this game in to play single player mode.
Yeah. It's even worse because I've had unlimited high speed internet for as long as it's been widely available. I bought a house out in the forest which is awesome, but I won't be getting internet here probably ever. Satellite is the only way to go. Now I have to really decide if I want to watch a YouTube video which is something that I've never really had to do before.
Ahh that's good to hear!
I remember forgetting to leave my backpack in my locker after my school began enforcing a no backpack in the classroom policy to prevent shootings. Class was stopped once my government teacher noticed I had my backpack with me and he asked me to remove my backpack from the classroom. I don't know why he thought that would have prevented me from using a gun if I had one.
I would say so. This game has a ton of charm. You'll likely beat the game the first time you sit down with it, but you can't play each level on any given play through. There are alternate paths and warps to access different levels. Basically the first level will be the same every time but that's it. Play it for the one liners if anything.
Hopefully. Can't wait to play Mario Kart 16 online without a data cap. I live in the country.
I really don't understand this logic. Prayer is answered based off of first hand experience: god exists. Prayers are not answered in others' experience: god exists. Not to be dark, but if your sister didn't recover, do you think your parents would have still found god after your dad's prayer?
On the contrary, what if their closest support system at the time happened to be atheist or of a different religion? Do you think that would have altered their decision to became associated with a specific religion?
No because then it isn't about them and their beliefs being "violated".
Yeah that had me wondering if I would like that too. Vampire Weekend pulled that off with Diane Young, but it's still kind of weird.
As someone who has been checking this sub at least every hour for the past two weeks, please don't title your posts with "finally" in all caps.
Yeah but the Wii U is actually good though. I had a friend that's never owned a Nintendo system other than handhelds visit the other weekend and we played MK8, Splatoon and DKTF. He kept telling me "man I need a WiiU, but I'll probably just wait for Xenoblade" all weekend. I didn't think much of it until a few hours after he left he texted me a picture of a Splatoon bundle with MK8. I don't know if there is any other console that has that kind of power. To instill that much of an impression that warrants an impulse buy. Definitely not the same as Sonic's bullshit.
