How did she go from white lady to black lady? Did she go to the tanning salons every day? How did she get her hair like that? Sorry for sounding so naive but this story is so weird.
Is your Dad Kris Kristofferson?
I've been really upset about the massacre in SC this week. This photo made me cry but it gave me a little relief that the world was still good.
I made some chicken stock this week which I froze. I brought my cornish hens to be slaughtered last weekend and the guy who was doing the gutting told me that the feet were full of collagen, Glucosamine chondroiten, and protein. So with some trepidation, I googled chicken feet broth and stewed some cleaned and scraped feet for an entire day with spices and some veggies. Actually tasted real good!
The pic was as good as a hug.
Well I had some friends looking over my shoulder and saying the same thing and I had second and third thoughts about it but in the end it tasted great. It has alot of protein, condroytin for joint repair and collagen so it has some redeeming factors.
That is a great picture!
Bernie don't need no rentalcrowds.
But its so true...never ever ever ever say the n-word...never...but go ahead and say something like "well they get very emotional when stopped by police b/c its in their blood you know..to run and get emotional.." or "they can dance so much better than white people".... That's okay. I hear this veiled form of racism all the time...its the difference between the race and the rest of the world.
Wait till he debates Hillary...he'll really be in the news then.
If you ever saw the old movie "The Terminator", the robot was single minded.. He never wavered from his mission. Nobody could argue with him...he just kept hunting for his intended victim. Bernie is a little like that robot in that he is single=minded. He never wavers or asks "gotcha" questions. He stays on course and like the terminator robot, just pursues his goal. The debate moderators will have no problem with Bernie...its those other guys that need to worry.
...and mrs Botox Clinton? She looks young?
Its his message that resonates with people. Not his looks.
So then vote for that slick Ted Cruz!!! He looks like a sleazy version of Bill Murray.
She may have had a thyroid condition. One of my ancestors was photographed with big bulging eyes.. she died very young. High thyroid runs in our family.
Naw...just drop a ton of dog poop on them.
Senator from TX serves a term in Senate... Shuts down govt...goes immediatly to Iowa to begin campaigning for Prez... and Bernie is a cuck??
There is a party going on in Oregon wildlife refuge you might be interested in attending..bring your camo pajamas.
Perhaps if Black or Muslim guys were to wear plaid flannel shirts, cowboy hats and develop big guts and then and only then illegally occupy a federal building and wave guns to protest something, then maybe the federals would be nicer to them.
As a native born Vermonter I would hope that the audience would attend, politely say nothing as he spoke and gesticulated, at the end, say "aya" or "nice day for it"....get up and leave.
Where the french fries at?
Hillary is a study in how to live a life that is totally rehearsed.
Poultney....no that is Cambridge church.
He seems to be channeling Spencer Tracy.
"I pledge allegiance to the billionaire.....(I like that..shows how dumbazzed his followers are)
