We also have skinny cow for ice cream treats!
I add egg whites and a scoop of chocolate protein powder, and top it with unsweetened shredded coconut and a few white chocolate chips
Me too! So many toppings!
In recipes, big T = tablespoon, little t = teaspoon :)
That's a great idea! I've been craving chocolate covered strawberries lately, and I hadn't thought of trying chocolate pudding. Thanks for the tip!
That's correct, but I often see them abbreviated the shorter way as well. I'm in Canada but I'm by no means saying it's a Canadian thing. I read all my recipes online anyway!
100-calorie bag of popcorn, cup of yogurt, or a 90-calorie fibre one lemon bar are my top three choices. If I have a little more room to work with, I'll have a Quest bar or peanut butter on toast. Occasionally I'll have a scoop of ice cream, but it's hard to stick to just one serving!
Congratulations! This is something I've wanted to do for so long!
Same here. I guess I have what they call "resting bitch face" (not a fan of that term though).
Hey, that's fantastic! Hope things go well for you.
Same here! No side effects, no babies! Can't say I have the same gas issue though...
Half (okay, maybe three quarters) of a large movie theatre popcorn
I have emetophobia as well. Hope you're doing okay.
Sounds good! Do they taste pumpkin-y?
Hi Dawn! I personally don't have experience with any of those books, but I've heard good things about Feeling Good so I'm thinking about purchasing it as well. You might want to check out the [Anxiety &amp; Phobia Workbook](http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1626252157). I finished reading it recently and I found it to be quite helpful.
Great, thanks for the reply! I'll try making them soon!
Once every month or two. But my credit card gives me points toward free movies, so I usually don't have to pay for the ticket.
Never heard of this "danger triangle". I've popped pimples there before and I've been fine. I don't think you need to see a doctor. Just keep it clean. I have health anxiety as well, so I know it's hard, but try not to Google it anymore. It won't help you.
A nice cup of tea, a big blanket, and cuddles
Looks good! Good luck on your exam!
"It's accrual world"
I got to sleep in, the weather was nice, and I went on a nice date with my boyfriend.
I went to school in BC, and I believe it was mandatory from grades 4 to 8. After that you can choose to take a different language but I stuck with French until grade 11.
That's true. However in Vancouver, I think learning Chinese or another Asian language would be much more useful. I've only met a couple people who are fluent in French.
I like CoverGirl's Clump Crusher
