Dying to know about your experience of this "church"!
Wait, what ? Why? What is the connection between drugs and restaurants?
Mute her. Unfollow or "hide all posts from ..." Options are your friends. Less pushback than defriending or blocking, same practical outcome.
Blocking her might have been the answer, that way you still see what your brother posts.
Report the post, mute the poster. Fuxking disgusting. Or retaliate in kind, send them (privatley) a picture of a shit you are particularly proud of, with a note about how you thought they would like it as they seem so interested in this stuff etc. See if they get the message then.
Flower of Scotland -- Scotland
Canada -- Fireworks, Tagically Hip If there's a goal that everyone remembers, It was back in ol' 72 We all squeezed the stick and we all pulled the trigger And all I remember was sitting beside you You said you didn't give a fuck about hockey And I never saw someone say that before
Australia -- Waltzing Matilda
You'd be a good parent then. My father would have laid waste to the little bastards. Only... One at a time, so they have time to get scared, and surreptitiously so it can never be linked it you. But, vengeance, yes.
You're in Sydney ?
Yeah that guy was not a friend, he was an asshole you knew once.
I loved you all right, just wasn't brave enough to say; I'd do anything for that time back so I could treat you better.
I really hope the heart attack didn't hurt for too long. I love you Dad.
Worst I ever heard: taking a girl to a porn theatre on a FIRST DATE. (Clearly this was years ago when they still existed.) Hope I don't have to explain why that was bad.
Well, my Dad would still be alive, so I guess I'd be grateful for that.
I very much want to track this guy down and give him a taste of his own medicine. With the right kind of wire and everything.
YOU CAN'T JUST SAY THAT AND LEAVE IT!! WHAT HAPPENED??
You had to get up at 4:30am? Blimey! Why? I know you said the commute was two hours, but if your school starts at 9am like most do, and your commute meant you had to leave at 7am... that's still 2.5 hours unaccounted for. Did you have early morning sports or some thing? Ice time and pool time can be scheduled pretty early I know, was that it?
Myself, miscarrying.
Did he think he HAD to join up?
What, really? You were asleep at the wheel *lucid dreaming*?
Ask people about their favourite subject -- themselves! Express interest, admiration, and enthusiasm (ideally these will be genuine) and Bob's yer uncle. It's not hard, most people are really quite interesting.
If it's happened more than once... Is there any possibility you could be bringing these monologues about by being TOO quiet? Some people are made nervous by silence and feel they have to fill it.
Wasn't this the kids show replete with drug references? Didn't the makers also come up with a series called Liddsville which was even worse? And lastly if I have the right series, didn't the main character who was only 12-15 when it was being shot, didn't eh age REALLY poorly and die at the age of 50 or so due to all the drugs? Edit: Jack Wild was 16 and 17 when he shot the series, although he played an 11-12 year old; also it was mouth cancer that killed him, which he maintained was the result of the alcoholism that plagued him from his teens. Aged terribly, and not just because of the cancer.
You kidding? It was only ever creepy pasta right? RIGHT?
