I have ADHD. From the scientific papers I've read and looked at, about 6% of the population likely has it, and the medication rate is under 3%, and so it's likely extremely under prescribed. Additionally, medication is one of the best and most effective treatments for ADHD, alone and in conjunction with alternative coping mechanisms. For many people it makes you a better student, gives you a push towards equality when it comes to mental ability, and is an excellent improver for quality of life. That being said I think the article is hilarious and doctors often don't give a shit and medication is advertised directly to consumers and that's fucked up.
Nothing, it just speaks to the fact that people see normal levels of high energy or "just being a kid" as equivalent to the mental challenges associated with ADHD or something similar and suggests it's "taking the easy way out of parenting" as opposed to providing a ladder to overcome some of the devastating and omnipresent handicaps that are part of a mental disorder.
Some people prefer not to go anywhere they might accidentally be caught feeling happy.
"Baby, I call this position the 'Donkey Sauce."
Ah, you must work in Labor Optimization.
Nuance paid a hefty bribe, and yet still refuses to return the key engineers they've kidnapped.
My new favorite audiobook, The Practicing Mind, talks about this in a very similar way. Focus on the process, not the result. A goal is like sailing to the horizon; useful to point your ship in that direction and start sailing, but very unhelpful to constantly compare yourself to where you're at and be disappointed when you're not already at the goal/perfect. I recommend it to everyone, I believe it is still on sale, and I approve of this thread's message.
That's why I have Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2, but no 3.
Other retail stores, like mine, send them back to the manufacturer or vendor for credit or warranty swapping as often as possible.
NO REFUNDS
"If these assholes will buy Bad Rats, throw some other stuff on there and see if they actually buy it."
"I was on the computer, and I was drinking..."
/r/loseit is a great resource if you need anything.
Not only are you right, I am reminded of [this.](https://youtu.be/WsnXQdkqChg)
I do very much enjoy the relatively small amount of calories a nice beer has, at the end of the day.
When I was talking to my Director about it, I got the impression the reason we mainly did them was for insurance.
Was it Lastpass?
Alright, Immanuel Kant.
The side effect of being the wizard is everything looks like alchemy to the layman.
You're only halfway on your charms cert, don't risk our magic smoke SLA with that wand in production.
It is a feat of engineering to use a parchment &amp; quill pen while crysterbating with the other hand, I tell you what.
Microsoft Genuine Advantage 10, Brought to you by the Winrar Licensing Enforcement Team
We needed more Letters
I read the description first, and so I found it incredibly difficult to watch. What a lovely human being. What a loss.
If the final picture in the set went first it would be very much an IICBG.
