Because SI7 is not battlecry as well?
&gt;There's no mechanical difference **(besides the Combo requirement)** so there is, thus the keyword is named Combo, not Battlecry
recent = 3 years ago
as a Platinum Pro he's paid a part or even full expense of travel/hotel actually. But talking about earnings, it's less likely for you to cash in a MTG tournament (Grand Prix or Pro Tour) than in Hearthstone I believe.
I just been playing games for last 4 hours, no bonus for me
my friend got the WoW mount already
Portrait for logging in in 1 week after launch, grave golem pet for reaching level 20 in HotS. Hearthstone cardback for reaching level 12 (or 24 different sources say differently), WoW mount for reaching level 100 in WoW. And Card Back Mount for playing 100 games in HS.
don't actually know what memes are you referring to, so might as well just ignore this comment
maybe iut's because you got to play better or became more efficient in fountain management, because it's rather not the matter of his talemt changes
it's not a bug although it confuses many players, especially the ones with other CCG/TCG background
yes, but Keeper is not a 2 drop, sure there's innervate but...
of course, you can even notice the coin on the screenshot
Good, I don't mind if they Hex/poly/BGH my 2 drop so they have less or non answers to my actual high end cards. And if they don't have any, then they put themselves so much behind either by taking too much damage or my 10/10 trading with their 2-3 minions. There's no lose situation for you in this case.
&gt;It's not as insane as people would think though. It's not going to win you the game 2-drops are not meant to win me games, unless I play some all-in aggro deck like Face Hunter, and yet that would be absolute broken 2-drop for Face Hunter too. &gt;What's better are sticky minions that provide board presence We talk about 10/10 on turn 2 or even turn 1. Is it not sticky enough and provide no board presence? I will repeat again "dies to removal is absolutely no valid argument" since any minion dies to removal. And 1. it's not like they always have removal right of the bat 2. as mentioned above I would be absolutely happy to bait out their hard removal to clear the path for my actual wincons
i was just 11-2 on arena at this moment...
it's not, he only had Kael model in Warcraft Dota, that's all.
And how many objectives did you take?
none
Yeah, kind of Warsong for all minions, but obviously with higher cost.
Can't really agree with Oil Rouge being similar to Storm. The old Miracle Rouge would be a good equivalent, but Oil works a bit different. It kinda plays like Elemental Combo to me, rather than Storm. Midrange Druid fits more the R/G Ramp aka Valakut Trap playstyle. Of course all these givem we still stick to Modern.
Just like any other card game, those who invest more money usually have more and better cards.
The difference is, Amulet Bloom doesn't really care for board control, so early turns they do play cantrips and ramp spells and are focused on killing you of in matter of 1-2 turns with Titan + Borros Garrison or Hive Mind combo, whereas Valakut Trap care for board control either having sweepers or some creatures on their own (same like Druid) while having a strong drops for mid-to-late game having a very clear combo package (cheat fatties into play or Scapeshift-Valakut kill) and the usual beatdown package which includes hardcasting Primeval Titans and Emrakuls which are accelerated by ramp spells. While Drood has obvious combo and fatties Oil Rouge was explained so many times here already and I;m again to second that it doesn't remind of Storm at all. While Nivmagus also revolves around chaining few spells each turn and overall more tempo play.
you don't need infinite mana with High Tide :P
Personally I would not seek for similar "taking control over opponent minion" effect, but rather other valuable 6-drop. Sunwalker/Temple Enforcer comes to my mind first. Although get them as soon as possible, since in the current meta they have so many juicy targets and with Shrinkmeister they work wonders.
actually not, they do not flood the board like Zoo does, and rather rely on discard, removal and land destruction spells to clinch the opponent while beatind you down with undercosted creatures with downsides (usually the downside is the cost of paying life). Also Suicude Black do not really net card advantage through anything.
