Grooves around the edge of the coin were added to prevent this. You can't really shave them down because they won't look the same.
&gt; I guess it's a thing you beat fish to death with if you live someplace where you aren't allowed to take fishing knives with you when you go fishing? I guess. I'm not from UK, so I just take a knife with me when I go fishing. The brits probably decided that letting the fish just flop around on the ground near you is very inhumane and they must be killed as soon as possible.
Site becomes english if you click that little UK flag in the top right corner.
Well, that's a powerful car, it's over 900. I wouldn't expect anything less than shaking.
Most games and software that I use are not available on Linux.
In the first video that guy didn't even get into police car's lane. Stupid cop, can't drive.
Used one in school while training. Don't have one at work. We mostly do aluminum. We have some parts where allowances are 0.005mm (less than 0.00002 in) but the machines we use are fairly decent, so we don't really need grinders.
You should chew your food better.
I feel indifferent. On one hand, stupid DRM sucks. On the other, more popular games are hacked quicker, allowing me to try them out. Hacked games are almost always better than the legal versions.
You can smoke hookah with wine...
"Bi" is just a latin prefix, meaning "two". Same principle as "bicycle", "tricopter" or "quad bike".
Nah, Europeans hate smokers just as much as anyone else. It's banned in a lot of places, some countries banned smoking in parks and various popular public places. I think Austria is the last one where you can smoke in restaurants. They usually have separate, well ventilated areas for smokers.
I never rinse rice. Stickiness depends on the brand more than anything else.
&gt; If you blink and miss the sign, you have no idea what kind of road you're on? Well then pay attention and don't go *that* fast, then you won't miss signs.
There is, but there's no point in using it. Let's be honest, google already knows pretty much everything about us (Chrome, Gmail, Youtube, etc.), disabling "Anonymous location reporting" won't do much. On the other hand, it benefits all other users. Google uses all that real-time data to determine where the traffic jams, road works and accidents are and suggests a faster route.
&gt; Are they planning something? Yes, they're searching for another old calendar or a vague prophecy about rivers of blood.
&gt; Except they don't. # &gt;If you turn on location history, then they track your location These two statements of yours contradict each other. Sending anonymous usage data is on by default. I'm guessing that your travel speed and location are in that data.
Come on, old Hondas are sweet little cars, especially if you want to start working on cars as a hobby and need a cheap start. They're reliable and easy to fix.
Nah, they just use angle grinders and Dremel tools.
Wait, really? Fuck...
80 tools? Damn, I don't have that many. 32 tool holder in mine, it's enough for pretty much all the parts I make.
Out of how many? I mean, what's the percentage of failed drives?
Six seats that move, headsets and Oculus for everyone. Didn't ask the price. http://i.imgur.com/bd4wtI0.jpg
Oh, stop the bullshit. We don't need more women in the industry just for the hell of it, or to make sure that it's all "fair and even". We don't need more men either. We need photographers. Hiring someone because of their gender and not because of their skills is sexism, even if you hire a woman.
&gt; But watching the three of them do something incredibly stupid makes me chuckle. It's like one of those shows in the movie Idiocracy. Someone farts and you laugh.
