And what do you do when your commander gets shuffled into your deck and then exiled from the top of your library with [[Pyxis of Pandemonium]]? You aren't allowed to look at the face down cards but IF your commander is exiled it you're allowed to move it to the command zone instead of leaving it in exile. (note I'm not actually sure what happens here, the rules don't address it if you can't look at the card) Commander has obscure rules situations. You're technically meant to still have to "track" the commander in your library even if you could somehow have another copy of it. You could have it with a mark or something on the face side of the card for example.
I want to know why we can only have 5 medallions of iron. If you want to throw me into match after match in progress or against fireteams of 5/6 and you DON'T expect me to quit how about letting me at least always get a medallion. I've started to just swap characters if I get to 5 medallions and I've already finished my bounties for the day. I've gone 9 games straight losing every one between all the issues. Best of all half the time I even face a full fireteam they aren't even that amazingly good, I just have completely incompetent teammates and/or the other fireteam consists of 3+ red bars that might as well be invulnerable. I told myself that they must have thought they couldn't give us more than 5 because well what if someone saves a bunch for next Iron Banner but we can already do that with bounties AND if that was a concern you could just wipe them after the event.
I know that's right with how it currently works, my point was that unless they change the rules somehow it makes cards that require (C) mana to effectively be much easier to use in commander than in any other type of magic. Normally if I have an Urborg and Island I'd still need a wastes or other source of (C) to cast spells requiring (C) mana or to activate (C) abilities. In commander however with an Island and Urborg if my commander does not have black in it's color identity I can now suddenly create (C) mana with any lands I have. I'm curious if the rules might in some way be changed such that instead of creating colorless (C) mana these sort of effects will create generic mana which would effectively make everything work the same as other formats albeit in a somewhat confusing way.
I don't understand. What are all of these other attack methods before the melee follow up? Melee is the only option. Granted "melee" frequently includes shoulders and knees to the face.
We absolutely need a new commander rules committee. It seems like every time this group does anything to change the rules they just make things worse. It's complete BS and there's no accountability for them. NOBODY I've ever heard complained about fetches. Also hasn't wizards them self said they're unhappy with how the color identity rules work and want them to be less restrictive?
As someone who never knew this site existed...what did it do? Did it just tell you if the game was up or not?
It's fairly important for things like being able to play Urborg in any deck to make any of your lands produce colorless if they normally produce no mana. Also prevents certain cards from completely hosing tons of people if they change your lands types like [[Blood moon]]
It makes the new colorless lands a lot better in commander when they're already pretty amazing at least.
Why? It affects the whole table and thus in many cases benefits everyone whenever anyone plays it out. I don't feel like it's really unfair in any way. It's a colorless land that enables your lands to tap for colored mana as well as all your opponents, even better for opponents that are actually playing black.
My friend and I argued about this a bunch and he was convinced you needed to win to get an exotic. He then got an exotic the next match after we lost.
I hate that people buy and ruin uncut sheets like this D:
Blade dancer, the intimidating super where you activate it and your opponent jumps a half inch off the ground and becomes invincible
Welcome to how Bungie handles p2p matchmaking and calculating damage etc. It's been like this since Halo 3 and it's bullshit. You'd think that by now we wouldn't have to deal with their "solutions" to even the playing field between people with different connections but no. I guess if it ain't broke don't fix it? And as far as Bungie cares it isn't broken I suppose...
I've had this map maybe twice all week. I've had Dungeons and Twilight Gap 90% of the rest of the time. Had a point where I almost straight just stopped playing because I got Twilight Gap 5 out of 6 matches straight. Then later I get Dungeons back to back to back. The best part is when it decides to break up your teams only to throw you into another match, in progress, on the same map.
You got so lucky that Titan was outside his bubble and the first on you killed. They could have all sat in the bubble and have been safe. I was actually expecting a clip with 4 Nova bombs/fist of havocs all going on the people at the heavy ammo at once.
As a hunter main the thing that annoys me about this is that I just KNOW that you didn't end up wasting your super doing this. You'd have it up again as soon as the tether was gone or you were out of it or died or whatever.
I've seen this work and it works well with the fact you can usually win fights easily in a group. What I typically run into is one person going to A, one to C, both dying and not capping or capping and instantly losing it. Then people at B get overrun by the enemy team and it's all a mess.
*looks at 320 Hung Jury equipped* *looks at all the friends on friends list with Hung Jury* ...you don't say?
"Maintenance" meaning they're in the process of performing maintenance to try to get the servers back up after they crashed.
I'm going to guess it's a new player from Christmas
I can't imagine how pissed off anyone with completed bounties just waiting for today to turn them in is right now. Managed to hit 5 yesterday on all my characters so I'm able to just sit back and relax. While I think Bungie SHOULD extend IB I can see it being tricky and them not doing it. Not sure if it causes issues if the event doesn't end at a weekly reset or not. That said who knows how long it will take for PSN to be back up with their track record...
Now now, I'm sure there was a few dedicated developers that had to carefully design each bug and glitch.
I'm legitimately annoyed that the planeswalkers win. Ob Nixilis just needed to release Ulamong, call Kozilek and planeswalk away. Now he sits around and gets caught AND the Eldrazi get defeated? We could have had a great set with the Planeswalkers getting wrecked and it ends as they have to planeswalk away right as the Eldrazi completely destroy Zendikar and move on to another plane. Then we could have a solemn and dark SOI set as they try to rebuild and prepare for the next fight. I'm betting Wizards just didn't want to destroy such a beloved plane as Zendikar to the point where it couldn't be returned to again.
It looks like Jace is smiling too to me.
Well to be fair...I got maybe 2 auto rifles, a pair of boots and a helmet. Saw a lot of people getting drops too. Got all 3 characters to rank 5. First IB of TTK I got my Hunter only to rank 4 or 5 and got 1 or 2 drops as well. This was the one everyone was complaining about no drops and Bungie admitted that it was broken and fixed it. One thing worth noting is that sometimes you don't see your own or other peoples drops in the completion screen. If you get more than 2 items anything else won't show up. This happened a few times with friends where they got something but nobody saw it on the scoreboard. Still yes rewards are stupid low considering 99% of the time it's a weapon/armor with bad rolls AND low light level. I can't really comment on Ghosts since I managed to get a 320 one from the raid recently so I could care less. Class items seemed way too rare for them not being purchasable and being needed for the rep boost (AND the ps exclusive ones were even rarer). SRL had stupid stupid high drop rates AND once you were rank 3 you got relevant gear for end game characters instead of sub 310 or sub 300 light drops. I feel like Bungie nerfed the after-match drops due to the rank 5 packages. I got trash from 2/3 of my rank 5 packages but my third was amazingly 320 boots for my Warlock.
