I don't think I know the answer to that one. I've never seen any version with a sappy ending, only the one where he is captive, gone crazy and living in a fantasy world. I simply can't imagine changing the ending and whoever would do such a thing (along with the ones that approved it) should be drawn and quartered.
&gt;Why? Because things change. I'm not opposed to monogamy just not so into marriage. I'm a 49F (also childfree) currently in a 10yr monogamous LTR, I have also been in a 6yr LTR and a 3yr. I prefer to keep finances separate from my SO, I always have so if/when the breakup happens it makes for easy splitting. I've had several reasons in the past for no marriage, but it mostly comes down to 'things change' and there's no reason to make things more complicated then they need to be. just fyi, this sub isn't very active so don't expect too many responses here.
This is definitely toned down from blue, this looks like it should be a natural color for humans. :)
Required sign in I'm not doing on mobile. Can someone paste the article here?
OP, did this happen to you?
Sit in a straight backed chair instead of on the floor.
This is over the line for people? The whole required bank account did it for me a long time ago.
&gt;no reason Ya, except for statistics on sexual assault literally everywhere that say this is probably the case.
This sounds interesting.
hot.
oh my, if I were in the same room with her I would turn into a blithering fool.
Ibuprofen is for reducing inflammation, acetaminophen is for reducing pain.
Calm down there sparky, this isn't politics this is logistics for a meet-up and info for a FB page.
ya, I tried turning it it's just not working out for me. thanks though.
The EPA is a fucking joke.
&gt; tried a hitachi once As far as I'm concerned this is like the briggs and stratton of vibrators, this would be overkill by a thousand for me and would kill any chance I might have to get off. Maybe try something a bit more gentle by a few orders of magnitude.
http://i.imgur.com/0tCz6ZJ.gif
and that's why they make [THESE](http://www.amazon.com/Adjustable-Window-Screen-25-1-White/dp/B00395J2IE)
Insurance better cover that shit the same as viagra.
welp, I would rather hear what someone experienced has to say on this than winging it any day.
&gt;underdone they are still in the pan cooking.
&gt;To me when people say I dont act black or am white Hopefully these were children that were/are saying these things to you and as you head into the adult world you will leave much of this behind. I unfortunately don't have much advice other than to seek out educated and well rounded folks that appreciate you for you and not a skin color or stereotype that you don't seem to fill for them. Also maybe a visit to /r/blackfellas and /r/racism with this could give you some good input.
On the dance floor, at a party, at a music festival, at a former job.
this is an advertisement.
It used to be banned here not sure when things changed, I definitely don't like it especially when it isn't tagged appropriately .
