I don't know if it's the same stuff, but while working at a factory over the summer to help make some money during my college years I had a horrible experience with yellow paint. "Safety Yellow" it was called, and our job was to paint things around the plant that needed to be safety yellow. Doors, poles, rails; whatever. That paint... I literally don't know what it was made of. It was thick, and somehow sticky. Not sticky like you'd expect paint to be, but rather tacky. It seemed when it dried on literally any surface except the surface we were supposed to be painting it would not actually try, and the shit was like glitter. No matter what you did, no matter how hard you'd try to clean it off, if you got any on your hands or a finger or a few spots on your shirt it *would* find it's way, streaked onto your phone or your wallet or pop up on your steering wheel in your car and always magically end up on your skin in the shower two days later. For four years I worked with that shit, and I hated every second of it. Give me the red paint for the heavy fire doors, or the blue paint for the walls, or even the fucking silver and tar paint on the roof; anything but that goddamn yellow paint. Shit was sentient and chaotic evil.
I think (or at least hope) that Bungie has it set up this way so that everyone gets a chance to play through the bosses. So for example, I'm lvl 33 and didn't care to try Qodron last week because I didn't want to deal with fighting him at 1 lvl higher. But now this week I can get a taste of what other players did last week, though it's not as difficult. So in theory, next time Qodron comes around the rounds will be different.
Exactly what I call it, too. "Blue people avatar" or "blue avatar."
PULL!
While I appreciate your criticism and opinion, I have one question; what is the legality of posting Wizards' material online? Games Workshop, for example, is extremely strict about the stats and rules of their games being posted for others to see, and very quickly shuts down any attempt at making them publicly available. So, would Wizards care if I posted the brown dragon from 4e to use as a reference?
Perhaps it was just described as a "green skin woman alien" or something, and the assumption later on is that she must have been a Twi'lek? Idk.
I was really hoping that not only was it like this, but that the SSGSS color were based on the mixing of their ki. So, SSGSS Goku would be orange (red god ki, plus yellow SS ki). SSGSS Vegeta would be green (blue go dki, plus yellow SS ki). Ideally I'd want Vegeta's ki to be red as well, so it doesn't get crazy, but when I saw the blue form this was the best I could hope for. Very disappointed it didn't go that way. As /u/Saratje points out, the golden hair is iconic and now it's basically gone.
You may have convinced me to go Eldritch Knight/Wizard instead of pure Eldritch Knight. The only problem is that I would still want heavy armor because I just like the idea of it, but that way with plate armor and Shield I can be running around most turns in combat with 23 AC.
Hey /u/ItsADnDMonsterNow, what do you think of my [ancient brown dragon stat block](https://jvhageshii01.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/brown-dragon-stat-block1.jpg)? Converted it from 4e and tried to put it in line with the other chromatics from 5e.
Just remember that even a contract can be made null and void if it includes clauses that the courts would fine "unreasonable and that no reasonable person will agree to." It's why you can't stick things like "legally required to sell your first-born child to us" in an iTunes Terms of Agreement.
*1,500 GP, but the point stands.
If the cleric keeps "nearly dying" then perhaps this isn't as terribly unbalanced. The tank is supposed to tank. One thing the DM could do it introduce a few monsters that can get rid of the cleric for a turn or two. Fear him, restrain him, stun him or blind him; whatever needs to be done that just gets the cleric off to the side for a bit. Then the monsters in question can try to focus on the rest of the party. On top of that, focus on more lower CR monsters rather than one or two higher CR ones; more bodies means that the PCs have to spread their damage around. That was the first thing I noticed; all of your examples show the party against one creature; it's natural that it could be burned down quickly because there are four people tearing into it at once. But if there were three creatures; well now damage has to be spread around a bit; they'll either down one very quickly, leaving the other two to act, or they'll do a bit of damage to all three and you still have three very pissed off whatevers to deal with.
You can still think it looks silly, regardless of whether it is historically accurate. This is fantasy, we're talking about. A bit of unrealistic design is expected and shouldn't be a bad thing.
The back scabbard in Shadow of Mordor has a pretty good design that allows the sword to be drawn from the back; the scabbard is really only holding the last couple of inches/half a foot of the sword, so when Talion goes to draw it the sword clears that holder quickly and can be drawn easily.
Coulda just given himself cancer or a debilitating disease somehow. And then you get Deadpool.
Down vote, scroll and move on then.
But that's my point. I don't believe the entire place is going to shit because a few posts like this make it to the front page. It's not akin to murder at all. I saw it and giggled; my experience was made better for it.
I enjoy Star Trek, but just because something "is the point" doesn't mean someone has to like it. He says he didn't like it because it's too philosophical. You say that's the point. I say yes... And that's why he doesn't like it.
Then I like you.
I don't really read it that way, but that just may be my unfair bias. We weren't there, we don't know the tone of voice or how she usually act. It *does* feel like the mother is implying that the mother worked so much harder, the child shouldn't feel tired by comparison and so shouldn't be asking to rest/not talk. Again, that may not be true, but it's certainly the vibe I get.
I tried to follow this video exactly for my anniversary last year. Ended up deboning the chicken quite successfully and made a great dinner, but I could not ever figure out the lollipop thing. Just beyond me, no matter how much I tried.
They are still pretty damn horrible. They berate every single thing Harry does, don't even consider his words when he explains something to them; yeah Harry grows to be very sarcastic towards him, but then I completely understand why. They really sorta deserve it. Logic isn't going to work with them, so Harry doesn't bother with logic anymore.
People like you are the problem... He didn't half-ass it and it's extremely frustrating seeing so many people out to demonize him for this role. Ghost has plenty of great lines.
He stagger from a 365 BH? I literally just upgraded mine last night; got really lucky doing the Nightfall on my alt Warlock and got an etheric light. Might be able to just have my fireteam keep the adds off me if I can just stagger him for days.
Same. Oh this will be sweet.
