OR HAS IT NOT GONE TOO FAR ENOUGH?!1?
all the office will belong to u
it would be weird to be a dog. it would be like being just as horny as you were from ages 14 to, well, ever since, but you have to live in this amazing magical world and you can't comprehend how to interface with the internet to look up porn, and even if you could, the humans would be videotaping your triumph and putting it on the internet. its no wonder dogs resort to pillows, pillows are all they have
i recommend it
don't worry i will hack you back in time
tyler doesn't seem to post much
Ah ha! See a professional office is exactly the kind of place I think about hanging them.
Dammit tyler
yeah, schadenfreude is pretty much the name of that post. its just what i found when I googled items over the last year.
&gt; /r/conspiracy how... is... /r/conspiracy not actually a satire sub? I mean, really?
Well I've got you tagged as 'ALLEGEDLY INTERNET WOMAN' so I'm similarly withholding judgement until all the facts are in.
I've been partial to /r/ilerminaty
wow blatant ilerminaty
Of all the states, I'm the least sure of the existence of CT relative to all the others. Like, ok i'm sure its really an actual place and everything, but it seems sort of plausible that its all just really one big hoax.
*Ahem,* observable universe. If you do not share a [light cone](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Light_cone) with bernie sanders, you are physically incapable of knowing of him, let alone taking him seriously.
i am reasonably sure you are in fact cabbage, but that doesn't have much to do with conspiracy :)
I bet you're saucy.
I love accelerators getting a new small molecule crystallography beamline at the ALS gonna be so good
the soccer games get me every time... until the player wraps itself into a pretzel and phase shifts into the terrain.
amateur. stand one one leg and use the same leg to lift. never skip leg day
*peer reviews
zoinks!
nakka: what?
*thunder sound effect*
byurds use a cloaca so its really more of a pissy shit.
