Hi! Could you help me with SOE EE this weekend? Im 260 Prestige Master and have completed all other EE's. Im from Finland but I can speak good English and I know how the EE is done.
Yes. When you complete the Fly trap and obtain Annihalitor, you get text "Paradoxical Prologue" and 1000 xp. Plus the Gateworm.
I was so bummed when I realized there is not a Zombie Dark Matter camo... Would've been nice reward after max leveling Pharo
Kt-4 ks horrible in my oppinion, rate it something like 3 out of 10. Masamune in the other hand is pretty good and it kills zombies pretty nicely, 7 out of 10.
Really. I've heard some theories about extra hour of 31st, wich means that one extra hour would be 32nd. After that hour it would be 1st of November. Where I came from, there is deffinetly not that kind of system, but I dont know about America or other countries.
If I'm not wrong, Avanged Sevenfolds "Nightmare" could be found in Moon. And Call of the Dead featured "Not Ready to Die"
I hope this doesnt happen. The Civil Protector at SoE is enough pain for being stupid time to time.
I hate the fact that you cant do SoE EE solo. Never finding decent group of player.
I found three morse code chipper behind links. Also cracked them. Surely someone else has done it also, right?
PS4 Black Ops 3 Shadows of Evil Easter egg. Mic of course. Im from Finland but I can speak good English! Add mthrs on PSN and lets get that baby done! And I have done all other EEs solo so my playing skills shouldnt be a problem. Ps. Im willing to help peoples who struggle ZNS and DE Main EE's
SoE EE, PS4 now! Anyone? Add mthrs and lets play :)
Temporal Gift. And I finally found use for Secret Shopper. In Giant, if you camp the catwalk and have drakon, it makes map super easy. Just throw monkey, get KN wall buy and you'll be fully loaded. Easy 50+ rounds.
I think that is exactly what they're doing :D After all the PaPd Apothican Servant is beast and It would be sweet if it would require some skill to get it.
Oh no, ability to Pap Servant just for bonus!
Just make a hidden location somewhere in the map, no loading needed.
Yeeeah... So if you dont have Giant, you cant do the DLC 4?
Totally agree. I've been at 94% like three months. All though, hardly even play MP anymore.
If you struggle in boss fight, use Head Drama.
Got TranZit calling Card from the only one I opened.
How you can spent that amount of time? :o My Highest round is 74 in ZNS. 1h 45min to setup, got round 31 and win boss fight. Then from round 31 to round 74 took little under 3 hours.
Origins, MotD, Kino (Something easy and fun) and maybe Nuketown or Verruckt for intense Zombies.
Der Eisendrache deffinetly. ZNS is fun, but takes ages to set up for. And if you have few extra bucks, I also recommend to buy The Giant also.
I think DLC 4 will start in woods and end some epic place.
Death Ray and shoot the living hell out of him with Drakon, Brecci, Haymaker or KRM.
Even Tranzit would be good deal for 6 dollas :D
