It's 4 am I don't need these feels
Tomorrows headlines "PM of Canada calls referendum, wants to return to simple life of moose hunting"
Fair enough
I just got my wisdom teeth out, talk about a tooth ache
Habs shoulda signed Shaw for a day
When I'm playing in beer leagues I've used a halfie since I turned 18, playing college I obviously half to use a cage
Breakaway off the draw, deke left go right. Empty net and the puck rolled off my stick ;_; #neverforget
i got all 4 out on tuesday, my face is still 3x what it should be
From keys and skins ive spent well over $1000, hell ive done $1000 in bets alone
I average about 20 :( fuck TWC
The Best of shit isnt really good imo.
Well jobs is dead so that certainly doesn't help him out in terms of earning more money.
Holy ducking shit do you just sit there rubbing your thumb on that spot?
I've had a rival 300 for a bit now and it's not too bad in terms of wear. Only thing I don't like is how it feels when I sweat
Also is complete trash, keeps his trapper down by his leg and can't butterfly to save his life
i havent found anything yet that doesnt get that sweaty feel other than the shitty mouse that came with my prebuilt a few years ago. since i was too cheap to buy a nice mouse until recently i used that until eventually the scroll wheel broke. Ive heard good things about the razer taipan though
waiting for afforementioned album
i was playing h1z1 the other day and tried to pull down on the AK ;_;
It was when my dad ran with the mafia in Utica, he's 56
They are, it's called Narcos. It's on Netflix. Right now it's centered on Escobar but they plan to keep it rolling into future drug lords so it's safe to say our pal Joaquinn here will get a season
Canada does as well
That is Alex ovechkin, known for not playing defense
I've spent at least $200 on keys, best thing I got was a ST kill confirmed. I bought my knife for $200 as well. It's cheaper that way
Are you my dad? He fucking loves that shit
my dad is obsessed with that shit since he started a diet, which lost him 30lbs, but i dont believe that its due to some stupid salt
