After Bungie spent basically 7 months doing nothing in crucible but randomly cycling IBs I think it's ok for PvP to get a little bit of a focus for once. Plus, it's a Bungie game. If you didn't think PvP would be pertinent that's a pretty big consumer error.
Still not better than my Truth that shoots kittens. Story topping is cool!!!!!
Wait, so there's a PvE mode where you can do incredibly well and then get absolutely jack shit? And now PvP might actually reward you for completing a round as opposed to just showing up? I just want to make sure I understand that you are pissed off because you actually have to experience what PvP players got shafted with since Day 1. Right now, PvE is getting to play just the tip with Bungie, but PvP players have had it jammed up their anus's since the game dropped. How about instead of complaining that they didn't add more to where 95% of the game is, we think about the fact that it's a positive they shored up the other 5%? I know that's expecting a bit much, so feel free to return to that whine and cheese.
Awesome, thank you! I have to admit, i was pretty certain there was something else but knew it was a pretty irrelevant material.
In continuing kind of with JBurd, just jump on in to the raids. Seriously, if anyone gets all pissy and angsty because you "let them down" they probably need to take a break from the game. With that in mind, a huge reason that people keep around this game is because of the community and the fact that 99% of players seem to remember we were all new once. When you're ready to jump into a raid (give yourself 1-1.5 hours for a fresh run; 20odd minutes if you're just doing the end) post on an LFG site and be honest that you're a newbie. You probably won't see a difference in how quickly you get a reply, but this way you're likely to get someone who is looking to help someone learn the mechanics or the raid itself. let the team know you're not talkative but will listen; and then just be polite and reply when necessary. Source: Was sherpa-ing for a while until I took a break from the game.
Given I didn't see this thread until after the edits, I can now only support this idea if they show up in said Winnebagos. I do like the idea of the Bungie's flea market every now and then; maybe a bi/monthly type of deal.
Posts like this are exactly the kind of thing that someone trying to "act cool on social media" would vomit when they don't have anything to contribute. Pissing on other people's cereal doesn't make you cool, it just makes you an asshole.
I just want a Mawg shader now so I too can be my own best friend.
You're misunderstanding the point. The concept the OP is trying to get across is that, while controlling the points is important, so is your overall KD. Lots of newbies to Destiny PvP try and play it like you can with CoD, where you can play towards the objective only and win. Your opponents can all have 100:1 KDs but it doesn't mean shit if you somehow plant the bomb and they don't diffuse it. But control? You run and run, dying and just trying to get into the control point; that's a huge effing deal. Sure, the other team may get less points per kill, but you're giving them a ton of free ones. Also, did you even read this paragraph? Like, at all? Because right now it looks like you were too lazy to even put forth a modicum of effort before calling the OP an idiot. **Its important to capture points, but its more important to kill the opponent first. I see too many people so obsessed with capping that they sacrifice themselves for it, and most times its a fruitless endeavor. Dont solo cap if they are rushing your position, those capture points are not strategic offensive locations, most have a variety of angles to assault to kill someone in that zone. Find an advantageous position, eliminate the threat, and attempt to recapture then.** Tl;dr Critical reading needs to be taught in school again.
That's some more great advice for solo players! If you can't communicate, it's definitely better to try and stay at least somewhat together so you can better help the team and they can help cover you. That being said....sometimes you just gotta Leroy Jenkins the shit out of them :)
I think for most people who are used to Destiny PvP it is pretty obvious; but there's a lot of people like my old roommate who play respawn based objectives in other shooters and there your KD usually doesn't matter; only whether or not you did what the game types name is.
That guy must be in a different crucible than we are, because if it's not a Thorn going up my pooter, it's Hawkmoon.
Ahhh, the gold ol' Shornmoon. Gonna have to get quite a lot of Vanguard missives for that one. I'm really loathing the special ammo change more and more in crucible as I'm a filthy shotgunner....but it gets much harder when special ammo is nowhere to be found :(
Earlier I was bitching and moaning about how much I was getting killed by Thorn, and felt like I needed to nut up. Then I looked at the kill feed, and didn't see a non-pistol kill (aside from melee and heavy) during the period I was observing. It's getting fucking ridiculous, I'm so tired of green bullets and feeling like my screen was part of a hive bukkake vid.
Notice it's not just for leaving once, it's for setting a pattern of repeatedly bailing on your games. It's really not that severe of a "punishment" either. You don't want work a little for your wins? Then you don't get to coast on by to the rewards or ruin other people trying to get matches in. If you're going to puss out because it's too tough over and over again, you shouldn't even be wasting the server to get matched with. That seems pretty fair.
I was worried that this would end up affecting people like Megaman, but it looks like they specifically mention that as A-OK. Restrictions and bans that can't be overturned is good; it shows they feel a lot of confidence in the amount of recon they do.
"When everyone else is the problem, it's probably you" Advice too many people don't seem to learn. If only people would catch on that the faster you realize you suck, the faster you fail. And the faster you fail, the faster you learn what works.
I call Ol' Hickory, Andrew Jackson. Well, since I'm an exo I guess I'm Robo-Jackson
And the award for biggest cock on the internet goes too.....
Uh, does anyone actually reminisce about the loot cave that way? It wasn't some super social even where we all made grand groups and hung out to play dominoes and such; it was boring as shit. It was X number of guardians standing by a door and shooting a cave with some weapon. You either shot or stood around, and then at certain points people would run up to the cave to get ammo and pick up engrams. Keeping Skywatch populated thought, that was fun....if you had active people. About half the time you'd end up in the world where everyone just sat down between runs. But when it was on, it was awesome. Tl;dr Wolves in Skywatch was fun, loot cave was as fun as fapping with rusty nails.
In a lot of ways, the game is still much the same as when you quit- the majority of the DLCs was just extra end game stuff you could do; story was basically non existent and the activities were made to basically be done after vanilla destiny. My advice to you: go back to vanilla destiny and play through the story; then play through some Vault of Glass and PvP. If you would be happy "unlocking" another couple of cooperative events (mainly just Crota's End and Prison of Elders) and more PvP; then buy the DLCs. On the flip side, if you're not sure there's enough for you to do then hold off on the purchase for now. I bought the season pass and have been happy-ish with the DLCs. I don't feel like I got a lot, but I've also got hundreds upon hundreds of hours in this game and there's not much more I can ask for than that.
Maybe I'm just off here, but it seems like idle games aren't exactly what should be on the list if you're looking for something exciting or not a bore. There's also not a huge positive to the devs. All such a UI would do is make it easier to not pay attention to the game, which means less dollars coming back in. Maybe if it was a paid feature, it would make sense; but otherwise they've got to justify the real and opportunity costs of developing something that effectively promotes less attention to their product.
I wish you were an adult that could utilize correct punctuation and capitalization, but how should I phrase this? "Stop complaining go back to school?" If wishes were fishes we'd both be full.
"They have played less than you" Seems like a pretty generic statement as opposed to some backhanded insult. I know it's the internet, but not everyone is out to make fun of you.
The Taken King is Pythagoras and he is ready to fuck shit up.
