Ive been reading and posting a lot over in r/sandersforpresident. Some of the antifeminist/feminism-critical stuff I say gets downvoted. Some of it gets upvoted. There are definitely people there who apparently can't fathom the idea of a progressive who's against feminism, and from the votes, I'd guess there are other people who can easily separate the two.
Testosterone increases risk tolerance. If you're inclined to be aggressive, but also inhibited by fear of consequences, testosterone may make those inhibitions affect you less, thus resulting in aggressive outward behavior - but it didn't cause the aggressive inclination to begin with.
She was against gay marriage before she was for it.
&gt; "but big government is bad." I bet he doesn't want cuts to police or defense spending, though.
&gt; Do the democratic politicians have some kind of obligation to support Clinton over Sanders or what? Nothing legal, just politics inside the party. Since Clinton is the presumptive nominee, no one wants to be the one supporting her challenger.
As I said the first time this was posted, Bernie is clearly the guy for unions. They question is, are they actually going to back him, or are they going to sit on the fence and play coy until they're stuck with Hillary, then settle for endorsing her because she's the Democrat even though she won't do much for labor? Organized labor, of all people, should NOT have to be convinced to get political in its own best interests! And if they do, something is seriously rotten in Denmark.
&gt; Liberalism, in practice, isn't that open minded. Liberalism IS open minded. The people you're talking about, though they're called "liberals", have abandoned liberalism.
They don't need to. It'll just be SHUT UP! SHUT UP! SHUT UP! on loop, bookended by ominous music, a scurry B/W photo of Sanders, and an endorsement for whoever, who will be smiling at babies and kitties in a cheery, colorful setting while soothing music plays.
Republicans already know they don't trust Hillary, they don't need us to tell them that. I think what they need to know about Bernie is (a) how trustworthy he is, and (b) how his policies will genuinely help working and middle class folks without killing jobs, punishing hard workers, or wasting tax dollars.
He voted yes to _debate_ it. According to a recent interview, he's going to vote no on _passing_ it.
&gt; Socialism is not wealth redistribution/social democracy - socialism is the workers owning the means to production, which is not true of any of these industries. If corporations are people, then the workers DO own the means of production. By workers, of course, I mean stockholders, executives, and the board - the people who make the decisions. ...Employees? Why, those are just equipment. Do you let the robot that spotwelds a truck frame own itself, let alone the factory?
&gt; And he could have just as easily said that gerrymandering is and unfair practice that punishes all constituants. He has criticized gerrymandering in the past. &gt; My first goal would be to repeal the citizens united bill Uhhh... there's no bill, dude. It was a Supreme Court decision. You gonna repeal the 1st Amendment? What we need is a Constitutional Amendment. I like Move to Amend's version that doesn't just limit political spending but says that corporations are not people, they're not entitled to Constitutional rights intended for natural persons, and money is not speech. &gt; As president the DoJ is as your disposal. I would turn a good portion of resources on congress and start forcing resignations on both sides of the aisle. This would be far more effective if we had proper anticorruption laws.
&gt; My gen (y) in general is the definition of 'zero fucks given'. Bernie's a good cure for being all out of fucks.
I don't know what platelets go for, but I understand (from something I heard in classes) that a unit of red cells goes for about $700-800.
He's underfunded and lacks name recognition compared to Hillary, but he also has a lot of existing grassroots supporters (which is partly why he's drawing huge crowds and getting so many volunteers and so many donations this early in his campaign) and his positions on the issues poll _very_ well. And people love his authenticity and no-bullshit, issues-focused attitude. We don't know for sure how big his shot is, but he definitely has a shot. But we're gonna need to work for it, too.
&gt; You know who else called himself a democratic socialist? Martin Luther King Jr. What you say isn't exactly wrong, but trying to compare himself to King could backfire HARD. Bernie needs to take care to be seen as furthering King's anti-poverty legacy, not appropriating it, IMO. &gt; Incorporate the explosions in Ferguson and other places as part of his narrative that American democracy/society is in deep crisis. He has done this repeatedly. I guess you want him to put Ferguson and Baltimore front and center? Do you realize that 3/4ths of Americans are white (and therefore relatively unaffected by racism), and nearly all of them don't live in Ferguson or Baltimore? I'm sure Bernie will talk more about the ties between wealth inequality and jobs and unrest in black communities, but he's been speaking to a broad audience for much of his career. &gt; Cornwell West It would be awesome if Bernie could work with or be endorsed by Cornel West. He's charismatic and smart as fuck.
&gt; How many times has Warren's public trashes of Bankers have made it to mainstream news? A shit ton. How many of Bernie's? I can hardly remember the last one. So bitch to the mainstream news. Or pay more attention. &gt; Warren became more of a household name because of her videos, Bernie was unknown until he decided to peak interest in running... I knew Bernie before I knew Warren, and I'm not the only one. Just because your special snowflake self had never heard of him doesn't mean he wasn't significant.
&gt; Instead, I think he can build grassroots movements within these groups. How likely do you think blacks are to be energized by a white man calling for grassroots organizing? It always seems to me like minority groups, blacks in particular, dismiss activism that doesn't directly speak to their racial identity.
I've been mostly unemployed for months and money's tight, but I managed to kick $10 his way today.
&gt; It raises a question for me though: do the poor identify as poor in the US? Do we have accurate perceptions of our own upward mobility (or lack thereof)? I don't know about the poor's perceptions specifically, but studies have shown that in general Americans think that wealth inequality is much less extreme than it really is.
There's a bunch of difficulty in talking about race generally, but there's also difficulty in not talking about it. Pick your poison?
You can say "sorry" all you want, but it won't make you right.
I'm a white American. How much do I owe black people? _Which_ black people? How about native Americans? Asian immigrants? Descendents of Asian immigrants? Hispanics? The Irish? Do you even know? Can you prove, using unbiased data, that I owe complete strangers a specific amount of money by virtue of how others have treated them or their ancestors? How would you calculate this? Reparations are a mind-blowingly stupid idea. If you mourn the effects of historic poverty and injustice on the modern day poor, then support a basic income. Repair _all_ the poor. Achieve the ideals of Thomases Jefferson and Paine. But this identity politics clusterfuck, no. I would drop my support for Sanders if he actually suggested this, the same way I dropped Jill Stein as soon as she said she would only nominate women to the SC.
&gt; They are our version of the Tea Party and I've had about enough of them. You, me, and a lot of other people who still remember what liberalism and the left are supposed to be. We've been carrying these faux-liberal idiots for years and it's time we finally started bucking.
&gt; You personally don't owe black people anything, the US Government does. Did the US government own slaves? I was not aware of that. &gt; I prefer more modern ideals than the ones of a so called benevolent slaveholder You should not be so quick to discount Jefferson simply because he owned slaves. He had some interesting things to say about property. Among them: &gt; Whenever there is in any country, uncultivated lands and unemployed poor, it is clear that the laws of property have been so far extended as to violate natural right. The earth is given as a common stock for man to labour and live on. If, for the encouragement of industry we allow it to be appropriated, we must take care that other employment be furnished to those excluded from the appropriation. If we do not the fundamental right to labour the earth returns to the unemployed. It is too soon yet in our country to say that every man who cannot find employment but who can find uncultivated land, shall be at liberty to cultivate it, paying a moderate rent. But it is not too soon to provide by every possible means that as few as possible shall be without a little portion of land. If we understand "land" to mean "the means to self-sufficiency", roughly "stock" or "productive capital" in the modern age, this sentiment is practically socialist. It doesn't go as far as Paine does in _Agrarian Justice_, of course, but it is a fine set of liberal ideals that hold up well today.
