Ethanol is the alcohol in alcoholic beverages, so yes. Don't drink E-85 though, the mixer tastes like gasoline...
Gives new meaning to "raising" an alert.
Getting my cock into the pit is really easy if you know what I mean. But then the flight Marshall tackled me to the ground and wrestled me back to my seat. As he threw me to my seat he said "Wat teh fuckbags is r0ng wIt u?!?!?". I then confidently turn my head to him and reply "Well why else would they call it a cockpit.". The 92 year old man next to me very slowly turns his head to me having the most stunned expression I've ever seen in a person in my entire life. As he looks at me a single tear runs down his face and he chokes the words "You made me believe again.". Immediately the plane flies into space to return to its home planet. P.S. We die on the way back because this woman managed to get her hands on a can of soda and blew up the plane. The End Stay tuned for for the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
You know.... Part of your dating problem might be your approach. You aren't supposed to literally hang your pole out until one grabs it.
Behind their back or to their face.
I drove a '69 VW camper all over SF. Through Chinatown, up and down Lombard, Fillmore, you name it. You get pretty good pretty quick. Helps that I learned stick by driving it home from where we bought it in Berkeley to Daly City in mid-afternoon traffic.
In GTA terms, this is normal.
Like roommates you sometimes snuggle with, but they never help with the bills.
Mmmmmm toffeeee.
Sort of.
I did say that no one tree is that old.
When you think only women and people of color can be victims of racism/sexism, you're sexist/racist.
&gt;When women and people of colour are telling you you're being racist and/or sexist...
Because they make generalizations on "the rest of Reddit."
I think YouTube should make it policy to never put ads before that vid. Just ruins the whole thing.
Nonono. You get 20 guys to come rip up their yard, then they'll stand around pointing at things and shielding their eyes from the sun for two weeks. Then they'll halt work for three months for an environmental review, then scrap the whole project due to cost overruns and someone will just build a Kohl's there instead.
-1 for creeping +12 for finding the best possible buried treasure. Heheheh
Or, possibly, it could show both groups that neither group is bad as a whole, and both can be victimized.
Duuuudde.... You saw that too? We're like, mind melded!
&gt;smush mitten Olympics I don't believe I've heard that term before. Is this some sort of lesbian initiation ritual?
....the horrible scars have cleared up, my life is 100% better!
Yup. Mmm-hmm. I'd get deathly in her hallows, or something.
Speed bag with shaker insert. Send me a T-shirt when you're rich.
New cars. All my cars are / have been less than the downpayment on a new car, and they were all awesome old VWs.
Sort of true, sort of not.
