Wow this thread isn't even about Chelsea and they got shit on twice in a row god damn.
Should be noted that they were away fans in France.
I got 10 in 3 months playing the game, it's all about luck bro.
Havelange is Darth Sideous of football.
Neither are great options though, especially the second which would rightfully piss everybody that already owns the card.
I saw a BGH joke in the middle of a discussion about the corruption investigations there.
I'm not sure if he couldn't handle, because he's doing a *much* better job with Sarada atm. He just fucked up with Sakura and that's about it, there was plenty of opportunity with her as a character that's supposed to be one of the strongest ninjas in the world and he still treats her as a mediocre ninja with OP heals. Not unlike how Tsunade is perceived as much weaker than the average Hokage.
Isn't Lady Liadrin the Sun Cleric card?
Can you explain me what picture are you talking about? I only see the o e with the innkeeper and the shadowed one.
Well, they are rusted, as Kurama and Naruto said themselves.
Plot no Jutsu is a form ninjutsu. Talk no Jutsu is when you add the Speech element to it, and Speech is Naruto's kekkei genkai.
You can also just click save.
Definitely post 30.
She probably knew where they would meet.
Yeah, not even Naruto went all "Sakura-chan?!?! D=&gt;"
Because it's not in beta anymore.
Trust me, there will be no hate towards people that buy this. People are throwing a fit atm because for god knows why people think that releasing cosmetic alternatives as a buyable options means that Blizzard has been spending all their developing power in them instead of their deck slots and new game modes. It's unreasonable and shortly anough it'll be understood that these are, in fact, a good thing for Hearthstone, even if most people don't really care about them (they're options for people who want options). The prices are a reasonable complain though. It probably won't fade out because even if they only want one or two alternative heroes, 10$ for what they offer isn't good. It's almost half a full adventure.
Notice that the area around the portrait and the Hero Power is different!
That fucking New Classes introduction at 3:14 reminiscent of Sailor Moon, oh my god. That seemed like Rage Orc's videos, does anyone know if there's an original video with that?
The Santos player himself said it was a penalty, I don't know why people in this sub are so fast to call something a dive...
Better than Cristiano's, lol. Jokes aside, he doesn't take many free-kicks, so probably a good one.
And a filler one.
Depend on how good the burritos are.
Agreed, the first half was pretty awesome. I don't remember the last episode we had with some epic music, shit going on and actually good animation.
And why the fuck bitching about it is good? The group of people working on things like this is completely different from the group of people working in new cards and new features (and you can be sure that they are). Like someone else said, it's like complaining about card balancing to the artists. We should be glad this was done because it's an not gameplay-related improvement done by people not working on gameplay, and then keep asking for content to people actually working on gameplay so they can put it in a higher priority list (that still would take months to get shape). Keep in mind that until BRM there was *very few* people complaining so much about lack of content as people are now, but suddenly everything that is not new deckslots or tournament mode will be cashcowing. Yes, I'm certain that they're working on deckslots and thinking about how to add new modes and ladder (and which), but these things take *time* and they weren't on top of most people priority lists until these last few weeks. It's not the dev's fault that the size of their team is so ridiculously small compared to the money they make and the size of the playerbase. Blizzard seems proud of it being that way and is probably using the game to fund other ones like HotS and Overwatch, but it just turned out that it is incompatible with Hearthstone's growth. People are asking for much more features and faster than they can provide them, we got mobile platform just a month ago and they still need to constantly think about new cards being added. If Blizzard decides to give the team proper support and investment they might be able to keep up with demands but until then we'll need to get used to improvements being slow.
