I think they are just trying to add a soft power-switch before the regulator.
You don't need to port the compiler to run on the FPGA, just generate code for it. And yes, it's still difficult, but once you have logic that targets the most critical code sections, those small fragments can be converted into stuff that runs dang near instantly on the FPGA part (better results for code with few external data dependencies). The worst part of it would be the integration between FPGA chunks and the rest of the code on the CPU, and I imagine there could be a lot of security gotcha's involved until it is well developed, depending on the hardware architecture.
Maybe someone on /r/ececomponentexchange would want it... probably only cost you a few bucks for shipping to get rid of it. Otherwise just toss it in the trash. There's worse crap that gets thrown out every day, and in much larger quantity. Normally components don't have lead in them anyway, and that's the most significant contamination concern. (edit: Also watch for mercury and cadmium, these are problems as well).
Just curious, what processes can be used to effectively recycle materials like basic ICs, resistors, etc? It seems to me that it is at best a break-even kind of proposition, when there are no precious metals inside. Do they just melt down all the metal in bulk and burn off the plastics?
Yeah, don't throw out mercury containing components either. If there's no lead/mercury/cadmium it should be rather harmless. Some people make a big deal about the little bit of arsenic and other dopants in ICs, but you know, being encased in non-biodegradable plastic does a pretty good job of keeping it where it is, which is all you can say about these chemicals when naturally occurring in the earth.
Just keep IBM away from it. In college they made us use Rational. I think I'm scarred for life. It was *worse* than the old Mentor Graphics stuff we had to run on Sun workstations. And that's saying something because in the mentor graphics stuff, we had to fucking right click and *turn on* scroll bars in the part selection box, EVERY TIME WE RAN THE PROGRAM. (And if you wanted to copy your project to a different directory, all the paths are hardcoded in the files, because fuck you.) But, at least you could design and simulate logic circuits, and it actually served a purpose. Unlike rational.
True, I would support a program where these types of waste are localized and stored (buried, warehoused, whatever). But I don't think there is yet a practical way to recycle them, and I have a suspicion that at this point, attempting recycling with current processes does more harm than good, both in terms of released pollutants, and potential economic return. Then again this isn't my area of expertise, so grain of salt recommended.
Most often the capacitors are the initial failure. There are occasionally cases where other parts fail and blow up the capacitors, and I've even seen a case where capacitors went first and then some mosfets blew up (poor circuit design though).
4.0.4 has the raid corruption issue; don't run raid with it.
Oh weird, I google searched it quick and the first result suggested it was still affected, maybe there's a gentoo patch that fixes it or something? Not sure. (edit after checking the rest of the thread: could be another issue like demonstar55 suggests)
Some of the micros are pretty low power and most could beat out any TTL type logic but it could be a toss-up vs CMOS logic.
Most alkalines are comparable to each other, though there have been some recent higher capacity versions (higher price too, maybe not worth it). Avoid "heavy duty" as these are actually the crappy kind that struggle under higher load and are more likely to leak, especially when left in the device drained.
I'm not sure how avr compares, but once you start to get deep into PICs, you start finding all these little details that could have maybe been done one way or another, and then you have a "hmm, i wonder if that can be made to do this trick..." - and more often than not, they thought of it and yep, it works. For example, the UART emulation mode on pickit2 is one of these. You can have a generic communication with a PC just by having the programmer plugged in, and if you wire a UART peripheral to those pins you can use the hardware UART to talk to the PC. Speaking of UARTs, there are polarity inversion bits you can set. Not strictly necessary but they thought of it. Some little tricks the (admittedly otherwise irritating) assembly language allows are cool. For instance, the conditional instruction skips don't affect code timing for when you want a cycle accurate routine. I was able to write a custom 16 bit-ish virtual machine for pic18 that always executes one virtual instruction in exactly 68 PIC instructions, and that conditional instruction skip really saved my ass (amongst a few other tricks!)
They should have sent it all in wav but having been run through compression/decompression. But then, site bandwidth...
I don't know if this actually came into it or not, but some of the lossy stuff can be "un-clipped" to some extent during playback, if the clipping is short enough (and volume is reduced). If I remember, winamp was like this back in the day if you turned the eq settings down - I think for mp3's it applied the eq during decoding and not as a postprocessing. The adding-back of redundant data in effect somewhat predicts what would have been at certain spots if it weren't clipped. If anyone knows more I'd love to hear about it. I'm kinda hazy on this so I don't want to be talking out my ass if I'm wrong!
No, you're not wrong for all of them. There's every kind of LED driver imaginable actually in products. No driver at all for a coin cell+LED, dumb resistor for 3 cell operation (these ones vary brightness a good amount with voltage), buck converters that run well until voltage drops near the LED forward voltage, boost converters that destroy the LEDs if you try to put a higher voltage battery in (but can safely turn a bank of LEDs off just by shorting them out!), joule thiefs that can run from a single cell, etc etc. Most of the giveaway crap LED flashlights are 3 cell with either resistor or maybe a linear regulator if you're really lucky.
Find a flashlight that runs from 2 cells, it will likely work in there because the circuitry has to boost voltage to run white LEDs anyway.
Once you understand the exact scope of the problem (ie, conceptually what does the system have to do), try to find some pre-made equipment that does as much function of that as possible, or "to-taste" of how difficult you want the engineering to be...
Pretty unlikely, most audio is compressed when it hits the network already. Usually they go after the low hanging fruit, and trying to compress/decompress audio real-time to save a tiny amount of traffic is a little questionable.
Hahaha, Misty... that's a dog's name.
&gt; A solution to poverty is not "kill the poor". I wish I could agree with you but logic is not on your side here.
Yeah strain relief and the potentially loose solder chunk are the only things that majorly bug me. I mean, separation is a problem for lightning strikes and such but anything else that would make it conduct would probably destroy the thing anyway (liquid immersion, etc), and a big enough voltage pulse would arc thru the transformer anyway. I suspect if there are worse problems, they are hiding in the circuit design or in poor quality components.
Also, laptop power supplies are often 19.5V. Should be plenty close to work alright, just get one that can provide enough amps (this could be the hard part).
In principle you can but the trick is connecting it, and meter lead &amp; wire resistance can throw off the reading a little bit (if you have another meter you can measure the voltage lost at the same time and approximate the difference) Anyway you'd want to wire the battery pack in the same as it normally is, but put the meter (in amp mode) in place of one of the power carrying wires (if there are more than 2). Be careful to use the highest amperage mode and connection point - if the meter has a 400mA mode or similar, you will blow the fuse if you try to measure with that. The condition that will cause most amperage draw is when the tool is under full power and mechanically stuck (you don't want to run it very long like that, but it would be irritating if this condition caused your power supply to shut down and need a reset every time it happened).
Yeah digital is just a subset of analog that spends most of its time slammed to one voltage rail or another, but can be subject to a lot of the same concerns and strategies.
