I am in college and i need to get a field placememt for my program. I applied to 3 places but so far i have no response. I am so worried that my placement will be delayed until next year. Will i be getting a placement for this september?
i'm more interested in a sex palace
meow too thanks
I know that [temple!](http://www.baps.org/Global-Network/North-America/Toronto.aspx) its in my city. I've only been there once but it is stunning.
This is silly. If it is someones choice to buy a metaphysical item then they should have that choice and deal with whatever consequences it may or may not have. I dont like when websites parent
Right next to my college there is a forest path and during my breaks i go walk along there and spend my time and relax
there is a card system here in Canada called the presto card and you can use it on any bus in any city (most cities support it) you can reload it online or at the bus booth.
they are in some sort of enclosure, does not look like a fur farm at all. looks like a wildlife center
I love how [Vanir](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jrl7Xgx7EVI) is in the suggested section :D
Hey do you need someone to talk to? Pm me. I am a college student studying social service work
Welp guess i should feel bad 24/7 because i have food and a home and some people dont have that. Guess im just selfish.
Ive had to leave stores because a kid crying was really fucking with my anxiety
Remember you arent alone in this situation. Im glad you shared your concerns and we are all here for eachother. Do what you believe is the best for yourself and dont apologize. Looks like you have some good support systems in your life and thats important. Please take care.
A beautiful piece. You did an awesome job
which city? i live in southern ontario as well
Ughh *yawn* is that all he has?
Really it confuses the fuck out of people when they dont play the part in being the cog in the machine like they are told to do.
For sure. Thats why so many people have an agressive view towards the homeless
I have been reading Elder Futhark runes for about 2 years now. this is what they said for you Current situation - Eihwaz - Defence You are looking for a way to defend yourself from any more issues or the issues that are already at hand What to look out for - Uruz (reversed) -strength Make sure you are not defeating yourself. There might be people using your own strength against you or you could be doing the same thing to yourself. Make sure not to exhaust yourself End result - Berkana - growth/ birth/renewal of all things Every situation you endure will always enhance your growth process. Your current situation is not your final destination. With each death there is a birth and with each birth there is a death. The cycle of life continues I hope this was helpful
i can somewhat relate i feel towards the druidic path but i am also close to celtic, norse and more recently, an egyptian god. This is generally why i do not like to label myself. I like to flow freely through paths and for me the reason why i love paganism is because there is no set rule or path. i hope this provided you some insight.
while im not excusing any behaviour someone pointed this out &gt;The title isn't correct. 23,000 people were at the Solstice but not all of them are 'hippies'. Solstice attracts a very diverse crowd (e.g. American tourists, locals, new age druids). Of the 23,000 you might find that only 5000 were actually 'hippies'. The litter was probably left by local young people, who mostly use it as an excuse to get drunk and stay out all night.
also tru fam
kick an active volcano
such a pathetic question. I will be mentoring youth, many of which never had decent fucking parents to assist them...
["it wouldn't be appropriate for me to brag"](http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/smite.gamepedia.com/7/76/T_Janus_Gold_Card.png?version=06ce9b1d65074507b463cd4e88d24a4c)
