I think it depends more on the monster than the profession.
Another way of looking at it is that when someone has a certain code of conduct, they are naturally drawn to the god that best represents those moral beliefs.
&gt; If you are an attractive female...that would be a plus! haha. But it's not necessary. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wol70cBLNd8
I'd read a book about vampire hunter hunters.
nice how many tacos did that buy you
But this 15-year first novel is going to make me rich...
Its not an agent or publisher's job to teach someone how to write.
That's one abusive relationship. In college I met a lot of "Started this novel in high school" types. And a lot of "restarted my novel in high school" types.
Independence Park has a farmer's market. It's along Irving Park and Springfield and held on Sundays.
Waiting for One Piece to finish has kept me alive for years.
You use the framing device in Name of the Wind to move time efficiently. How did you move time in the earlier drafts, before the framing device was established, and how effective was it in comparison?
I think they're cool.
Good. I forbid you from dying. Think of all the Fallout sequels you'll miss out on.
&gt; I hate having to fake happiness and I might as well get good at it I don't recommend this. Faking happiness really doesn't get people to like you. It makes you more tolerable on a superficial level of interaction, but can actually do damage when attempting to form real relationships. As for your problem, some people might be waiting for you to give more of yourself to them, to show some vulnerability. Sharing problems isn't usually about finding solutions. It's about finding things in common and building social rapport. A normal person complaining about their problems is not the same as a lonely person wanting to share more of themselves. The two types of people have completely different understandings of very similar behavior.
Time to start saving, save up that opiate money.
There's more to achieving happiness than fulfilling a list of criteria defined by other people. It sounds like you need to spend some time learning about yourself, to find out what to tinker and adjust in the machine that is your brain to find the optimal "happiness" setting.
Your advice is good, but sometimes authors cut off too much, or don't put in enough of what's important to the story. Not having the best possible story will hurt an author's chances more than a lack of standard word count adherence. It's a hard discussion to have so specifically since the talent and marketability of a debut novelist can cover such a broad range.
That's when you become a backpacker instead of a vagabond. :)
Why the switch
Yes this is what I meant, damn it.
If humans can be born with dwarfism, perhaps dwarves can be born with humanism.
WHAT A TIME
It's verbose and purple, and filled with those little unnecessary analogies that buzz around in your imagination like flies... 8) The first paragraph opens: &gt;Winter's breath dusted the landscape with icy snowdrifts. The stark trees quivered nakedly in the blistering swells of wind. Barren ridges of rock jutted out of gravel and dirt. Patches of grass were seldom seen and mostly dead. To the authors credit I looked at the second book and it seemed a bit better.
Hit me up
EGADS! He looks like a SFF writer!
