They absolutely are micromanaging the hollywood execs, hence the firing of exec who talked shit about Aloha in emails.
The show would have benefited from less Daredevil and more Matt Murdock.
I don't know what you were expecting it seems your mind is made up. Going down with this ship will very likely cause you pain and misery. It takes two to fix a relationship.
I have no fucking clue what you are talking about. You are very hot, probably universally so. Go forth and multiply.
I can't find it.. But the make up artist looks like Rio Mariah but she appears to be speak English
Well if it was then I should be able to find it.. I remember the video because I always wondered who that woman was in the Rocco video. For context it was a four-way with Julian St. Joix(too lazy to google) and some regular white porn dude. They switched partners mid-stream.
That is the scene I was talking about. Is that not the same girl? I thought it was.
Stop using Axe body wash. That stuff leaches all moisture from you body.
Depending upon where she's from she might be waiting the appropriate time to drop a Papi.
Yeah Axe made my skin dry up like crazy. Do some nice moisturizing soap for a month it will clear right up.
What country are you from? Are you in the US?
No way. He spends more than half of each episode kicking ass. A little lawyering or character development for Matt would have been nice. As it is everybody is more interesting than he is.
Father in Law of the year right there. Ladies and gentlemen that's a real fucking man. OP. Move out of the house. Tell her you need some space. I'd start going to therapy ALONE. You need to see if you can deal with this without having a blubbering mess in the house with you. Good luck.
If your costs for coverage exceed a certain percentage of your income you don't have to get insurance.
Let him go. LDR are pretty hard and it sound alike yours is somewhat frayed anyway. Don't move or move in. Just let this stay dead. I wouldn't expect my partner with kids to move to me anyway. Sounds like he was his highest priority.
It might be forgivable if it was a one on one situation. Like she was confiding in her one best friend. But to tell a group, no matter how small, is kinda fucked up. I can't lie though I'e talked about sexual performance of girlfriends in the past with my friends. Only difference is it's been performance, something they can change, not a physical trait they can't.
Op I agree with this. I've been cheated on and it sucks but I'm mature enough now to know that it doesn't mean she didn't love me. People have all kinds of motivations. You know this now yourself. Even if you got back with him it wouldn't be the same. He wouldn't trust you. You are young and you'll find another guy. Just learn from this. It'll probably help to date more so you'll have some comparisons in your mind. Lots of assholes out here.
And his five other sponsors didn't pay shit.
And because of the Texas. Everything is built here for best case scenarios.
I wouldn't fully disclose to her at least not right away. Just break up and make up a mundane reason. You'll likely only be in the same town another year or so.
I disagree. The least attractive woman I had sex with was the best sex I ever had. She was very open and enthusiastic. Seems like the super hot women kinda rest on the laurels where there women who aren't as hot work harder. Just my opinion
First grip the base as you pull out of orifice. Second go to bathroom and fill with water to check for rips or breaks. Pour out contents. Then wrap in to and throw in the trash. Done!
Women willing to swallow are more apt to get you to the finish line. They approach the whole thing with more urgency in my opinion.
That SOB deserved one too. The guy fucking cried in the ring.
He's also the guy who thought punches to the thigh was innovative offense.
