It's speculated she's Crane Mother. May be going back in time for the Seven Cities of Heaven Tournament.
http://forums.marvelheroes.com/discussion/144603/khonshus-tribute-a-melee-moon-knight-build-updated-may-22-2015/p1
Anytime! Gnome does a good job breaking the build down and going over why this and that is taken. Gear and such is all pretty much straight forward. My IGN is Vikstyn if you ever need anything.
Go to Scottish Highlands. Find Connor MacLeod. There can be only one.
You get 400 ES on your second log in day. That's enough for a good hero.
Imdb has him listed as Barry Allen.
There's 2 captain boomerangs.
I feel so stupid for wondering what Marvelous! was.
Spoilers..
This makes me so insanely jealous. Gorgon makes my MK eat rocks instantly.
He's my favorite comic character. I half hoped the art dealer shop in DD was owned by Spector.
Fruit lawyer here. It all depends on if the swallows grasp it by the husk or if it's tied to said bird.
X23 for synergy if you main a melee
I think they got him wrong in the VO in game. I would have liked to hear more of his multiple personalities. And the demon voice is Khonshu. He's a great comic to read. The 2015 run of Mr. Knight is good.
Why not make a all time use medkit like D3 has? Unique drop and rare.
THANK YOU!! At work til 5 and was wondering costs.
Is there anything else? What about the quests that had retcons?
I've always got a box at 175. The last 8 boxes were fantastic, nova, storm, and deadpool. In that order. I don't even wanna random box anymore..
I just did this for Gambit. It took maybe an hour. AND I was able to kill Bullseye for the MK1 card.
Still selling.
Who the fuck did he just accordion??!
I was running RIF/SIF boosts all morning farming terms, I did 8 axis one shots, and CICP and got NOTHING to drop except a cosmic Skull medallion upgrade. 2+ hours of 200% for nothing.
Sit in Midtown lobby, go kill anything right outside the door, and run back in. The rarity of the mob doesn't matter.
Not really. Tried it.
Probably.
