As long as I can drive my enviromentally unfriendly land yacht into California and not have a problem, fine. Not really a fan of the "San Angeles" model of environmental regulation.
&gt; Google is WAY more globally-minded about their development community and users' entry into the platform(s) That's not always a good thing. In the case of the US and developed countries, it negatively affects things.
Given that it stands for a certain belief that has many participants forcing themselves on others under threat of murder, no thanks. I like to keep my head attached to my body and the ability to practice my religion. Apparently some people disagree with at least one of those.
Indeed. It's the very thing Reddit's resident SJW population would not like at all.
Thankfully, she received one thanks to 'Murican freedom.
No, she's pointing out the painful truth, and it seems like many people of that religion can't take it - much like Dear Leader Pao and a fair amount of SJW's on Reddit.
As it is practiced in the world, not so much.
Unfortunately, the very people that support it here would be amongst the first.
I was raising the point of what happened after desegregation.
I'm only pointing out that there is an unnaturally strong sentiment in Reddit to play the victim card for the purpose of harassing others.
That came from an era when 4-cylinder turbos were actually about performance and not a way to cut cylinder count.
Unfortunately, they are quite naive in thinking that this would stop them.
No thank you, but I would pass on that suggestion. Reddit would turn it into a SJW version of North Korea.
Given that the product designs appear to consider US (and a fair amount of the original Thinkpad market) as a secondary/legacy market, they hide it well. What you call purism is what I call an understanding of product identity. That black, rectangular slab of durable, maintenance-friendly, well-serviced, no-compromise computing is a large part of what makes it a Thinkpad. The attempts to "consumerize" the platform go against that identity, as they put in the things that drove them away to the Thinkpad. It is instantly recognized not for its fashion, but its ability to smartly do the job. If I wanted something that thought my part of the world as an afterthought, compared to the Chinese home market of Lenovo, I would have not cared. I'd be fine with them turning it to a glorified Dell with Lenovo markings on it. ^(As an aside, is it possible for individuals to order TAA compliant machines, or otherwise force it to be built in North Carolina?)
Another Hongkouver special?
As opposed to Redditors that play the victim card to harass people? (Wow, nice to see that I get brigaded)
They're not listening when it comes to the keyboard. Not only have they doubled down on chiclets, they have also ruined the layout. Whomever thought of that apparently had no idea how the keyboards are used. On the other hand, it took a long time before they put back IPS displays in workstation-class machines (about 7 years). If it was so possible to put one in my W520, I would just as a jab at Lenovo's refusal to do so. (and for those brigading me here, you're doing yourself a disservice)
&gt; Well the newer models are designed to be simpler and smaller. One more reason that I stick with the 4-slot W-series. It is a small price to pay to delay/bypass the nonsense that plagues the smaller machines. Between them and the larger T series equivalents, that's about the only way to get a traditional Thinkpad. &gt; And as far as it being a recent addition, nope. IBM had models with both on-board memory and sockets too (just like Lenovo now offers.) Yes, but they were relatively ancient models (like the 730T, 600/E/X) or had some nonstandard configuration compared to the rest of the lineup. You had to actively seek them out to find them.
&gt; What HDD's have you been using that die more often than every 2-5 years Seagate Momentus series. &gt; SSD's Unlike SSD's, conventional disks don't require one to minimize writes.
&gt; Some companies just tell you you're "doing it wrong". Others fix it. Lenovo fixed it. Lenovo does both. They do the former in the case of the keyboard (aka "you don't *really* need those keys") while doing the latter with the trackpad, display, and whitelists (after a long time of Not Listening).
I extremely doubt that Lenovo would be willing to produce internal data. It's easier for them to produce individuals like Kohut when concerns come that way. That, and it's easy to squelch the Traditionalist subset of 750m-1bn people in the western world when you have billions of people to "stuff the ballot box".
CPU or GPU? I have a T60p that crossed 75 without any second thoughts.
&gt; However, that doesn't mean a free-for-all. The rules will still require a driver behind the wheel, ready and able to take control should something go wrong. As long as that doesn't change, then no problem exists.
Sounds like a cut-rate reader.
That's a mighty large Xerox machine for cars.
