Nou die andere is veel te klein en te druk.
If I have to give one critique it'd be that there aren't enough (slightly) curvy roads to make it seem realistic.
* Stap 1 Ga naar Balie * Stap 2 Vraag om posters
&gt; Wibautstraat, while getting better, is still far from a pretty street. Lots of big concrete office/school buildings. You take that back &gt;:(
&gt; So go ahead and ownvote me into oblivion you miserable politically correct liberal fucks. That's no way to make friends. Or to come across as credible.
In the Netherlands, where they use one presto-like fare card system country-wide, there's paper one-use tickets available too. They have a NFC thingy in them.
Wat ik in de media niet lees is dat deze fusie niet zozeer voor de Europese tak is bedoeld, maar juist voor de Amerikaanse. Door Delhaize en Ahold samen te voegen zouden ze daar beter kunnen uitbreiden/opereren oid. Er wordt dan ook gezegd door beide partijen dat er in de Lage Landen niets of nauwelijks aan de huidige status quo zal veranderen.
Tip: When going to Breda you might want to take the Intercity Direct service instead of using the regular Intercity services. It will shave about 20 minutes off your journey, but costs €2,50 (buy it at the machines) more. It might not show up as the preferred route on 9292 because it might leave later and arrive earlier than the regular trains, so do check what's best for you.
&gt; I got my drivers license in Belgium and when I moved back to the Netherlands I was allowed to exchange them. Well that's a scary thought lol.
That is beautiful.
So there will be a bigger chance of Le Pen winning if she runs?
I know. I'm just saying Wibautstraat wasn't torn down, because you mentioned it and showed a picture with Wibautstraat in the background.
I'll allow it.
I say natty. He doesn't seem that much bigger than a few years ago. Plus you can just see it.
I had to look twice.
Just to make it easier for your: choose a door with a bicycle sign on it. That's where you can sit right next to your bag. Here's what [9292](http://9292.nl/en/journeyadvice/station-schiphol/amsterdam_oosterpark/departure/2015-07-30T1007) says about your journey. I just put in some random date, so be sure to check for yourself. Train to Duivendrecht and then metro to Wibautstraat. ~~Add about €2 to the price, since you will be (I'm assuming) buying paper one-time use tickets (€1 extra for trains, 1hr ticket for metro).~~ Oh wait I forgot you got an Iamsterdam card. Might still have to pay for train though.
You should hear his voice.
Mwah. Volgens mij komt dit grotendeels omdat een liedje uit haar show in 2015 steeg tot bovenaan de hitlijsten.
King's Day April 27th, Rememberance of the Dead May 4th, Liberation Day May 5th, Keukenhof will be in bloom, weather should be alright as well.
There's the "National Fireworks" in Rotterdam, the "National Countdown Moment" in Amsterdam is less popular, I guess.
Ok, I'm going to be honest here, I hate use of English in local advertisements as much as anyone, but in an airport environment English advertising makes sense. English is the current lingua franca and an airport is an extremely international place.
&gt;maar een kwaliteitsbril (zeg een Ray Ban) kost nou eenmaal wat. [Hahaha](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voUiWOGv8ec).
&gt; schoolspullen en dergelijken Mwah, dat is echt een gebied waarop V&amp;D gemist zou worden. Iedereen die ik ken ging naar de 'Schoolcampus' (goede marketing ook). Bijna alle schoolspullen die je kon bedenken op één plek. Dat is dan ook een van de weinige keren dat ik naar de V&amp;D *moest*.
Toch vrij verdeeld als je het met andere kaartjes vergelijkt. Wij hebben natuurlijk ook geen miljoenensteden of echte centralisatie. We bouwen onze steden als grote dorpen en buitenwijken en groeikernen.. ook als dorpen.
Um?
