It says I should have $168,000 in savings. Under a million for my projected income when I'm in my 50s. That's absurd
No I don't make close to that. And putting that straight into savings seems unwise when looking at different financial options.
I assume they are kids in high school
When I'm in my 50s that's what people in my feild make But that formula doesn't really account for income over time, it assumes a solid level of income with no changes or large jumps And I more mean the 168k for my current income seems absurd
When both of us are fully satisfied
He works 6 am - 230 or 330 pm I work 8 am- 5pm, but during certain times of the year it 730-late (can be 9 or 10 pm, more often 7 pm)
Dip brow
Be interesting, engaging, delightful, socially able. And work on your appearance.
About a year into the relationship.
Stop calling it that, for one
Not really. I'm not one for small talk texts with friends If it's a guy I've been flirting with, it's different.
To between my shoulder blades I'm not really a long hair person
Somewhat.
The fuck?
In what circumstance can you imagine it being worked out?
I guess for me, if they talk after the fact and consider it ok, I don't really count it as rape.
No way in hell
For some reason, I seem to be like crack for metalheads. I don't understand why. I'm not even into them. I'm not metal or alternative looking *whatsoever* I don't think it says anything about me
I get over it
Nope Most cops I've met are great guys, and we have a really solid police force, but I wouldn't be ok with the danger involved
Nope, I *just* said I didn't look alternative whatsoever I wear business clothes almost all the time, or dresses/skirts. I have no piercings. Very natural make up. Edit: Do scene and emo still exist? I thought those died like 5 years ago. I feel old.
Hell fucking no
Well I don't know any high schoolers and I've never met anyone scene or emo over the age of 20, but I thought the trend was dead. Then again, I'm totally out of touch
Not overly. My boyfriend is 5ft6 and easily the hottest guy I have ever dated. He's stupidly attractive. Anything over 6ft4ish is too tall for me. My preference is 5ft5-6 feet.
Chris Kratt when I was 6 or 7. I was really into Kratts Creatures.
