Yeah half the time the people who do these mods to themselves work in the field itself. I wouldn't get a tattoo done by an artist that had zero tattoos themselves. My best friends dad owns a very reputable tattoo shop and all their employees do weird shit to their bodies.
I doubt they're actually crying just like somebody doesnt actually have to laugh out loud to say lol.
I'd avoid having children. Constantly watching them grow old and die would grow depressing like immediately.
He wont have much to keep his bearings straight and with humans having a dominant arm he'll just be swimming in circles. I doubt most people would have a flipping clue how to get to Europe without modern tech such as compasses that we take for granted.
I'm not American so that's my excuse for not being able to identify 75% of the shit in that cart.
Man, half of my Canadian history classes were all about how hard we managed to fuck the natives. Maybe other peoples schools glossed over it but mine most definitely did not.
To be fair the survival rate of children 100 years ago without the medicine we have now wasnt great. My Amma grew up dirt poor in the depression and out of the 10 kids her parents had only 5 of them made it to adulthood. They were an extreme case but they were white so we cant blame it on cultural genocide.
You can update a computer all you want but eventually the hardware (your brain) will be primitive. You can augment your body to an extent but that's like trying to update the first computer with modern programs, shit just won't fit.
Damnit, I never figured mental math cuming easily to me would be such an issue.
Oh cmon, the bitch invited me over for dinner.
Never gets old.
I mean its the same alcohol percentage of beer, its the sugar that will end yur night over the toilet though.
Until somebody who you didnt use the power on rapes somebody you did use the power on and they weren't able to fight back as a result.
I can back this up. Im a bartender and were generally functional alcoholics and for some reason people love you even though you just pour drinks for a living.
I always thought my teachers were wholesome people until I was old enough to be friends with several teachers, you fuckers like to get drunk.
Google has been my tech support for years. The older members of my family are convinced I'm a computer genius when in reality I just know how to google shit. I have yet to correct them on that.
They had the design trade because its too commercial/mainstream? Sounds like they are hipsters and so are you, just in a bit of denail. Nothing wrong with being a hipster as long as youre not an asshole.
Last time I checked one bombs abortion clinics and fights to deny rights to people and the other does not.
Id say its not an equal chance. Its more likely its all made up.
Yeah just go back to her home country and never set foot in America again unless she intends to deal with all those bills.
Everybody does eventually and there is nothing I can do to prevent by own inevitable death. Yeah it really sucks but I tend to not dwell on things I can't stop from happening. It is what it is.
I mean if it wasnt for France giving you shit while also attacking Britian you would have likely lost the revolutionary war. So at this point you're just even, all you did was hit back the favour.
Youre right, you didnt justify mass jail rape. You just justified and condoned cruel and unusual punishment. Raise your hand if you think prisoners should be washboarded as punishment.
Karma assumes the innocent weren't harmed. But they were, this is just sad.
We hunted off many their natural predators so for many species us hunting them is necessary to keep their population in check like it naturally would have.
