I doubt it. If this was the case, we'd expect people who drink, say, wellwater to look significantly different. But seeing people in rural vs urban areas, I don't see a significant difference, suggesting that environmental estrogens aren't a major contributing factor.
The real reason is that males benefit more from variability than females do from an evolutionary standpoint. Females can only produce so many offspring, but a very successful male can produce far more offspring by mating with large numbers of females. Thus, there is an evolutionary advantage to males being more variable, because a highly successful male is going to have, say, 50 more offspring, while a highly successful female is going to have, say, 2 more offspring. Thus, males are rewarded more for being successful than females - but also punished more for being failures, as a male can easily produce zero offspring, while most females will produce at least some baseline amount.
Uh, there's a big difference between 1 in 292,000,000 and 1000 in 292,000,000 (or 1 in 292,000) - you're a thousand times more likely to win. That doesn't mean you're LIKELY to win, but suggesting you aren't at all more likely to win is nonsense. The reality is that you should never buy lottery tickets because it is always a losing proposition - on average, you will always lose money.
Lottery income is treated exactly the same way as any other income. Why wouldn't it be? If you live in a place where it isn't, it is because they're already taking off the taxes before they give it to you - you just aren't aware of it because you don't see the backend of it. $800 million taxed is no different from $480 million tax-free.
It was from South Park.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunning%E2%80%93Kruger_effect 1,000/292,000,000 is EXACTLY THE SAME as 1/292,000. Use a calculator if you don't believe me; both come out to the exact same number (~3.4 x 10^-6). This is basic elementary school math here. Do you not think that 9/27 is the same as 1/3? If you have a common number in the numerator and the denominator, you can divide both the numerator and the denominator by that number and get the exact same fraction. Another way of thinking about it: If every one of 292 million people bought a lottery ticket with a different number on it, then there would be a 100% chance of someone winning, with each person having a 1 in 292,000,000 chance of winning. If 292,000 people bought 1,000 lottery tickets each, with no duplicate numbers, that would be 292 million lottery tickets purchased - the same as in the above case - and again, there would be a 100% chance of someone winning. Ergo, the odds *must be* 1,000 times greater. Obviously in real life, people buy lots of duplicate lottery numbers, so even if 292,000,000 tickets are bought, you don't always get a winner, but if you're buying all the tickets, then you won't get any overlap because you know what numbers you picked.
Because the only people who can be trusted to capture him are exactly the sort of people who won't extrajudicially execute people.
Flash is a great program for animation. What you get out of it is what you put into it, as with all things.
Relevant: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/2t1b9p/wp_its_the_year_2057_queen_elizabeth_still_reigns/cnuto8u
What qualifications do you think would qualify someone to criticize politics? Absolutely anyone is entitled to do so. Fox can put whoever they want on the air. Freedom of speech. Doesn't mean anyone has to watch.
It would be a bit more convincing if he didn't blow up children in other countries on a regular basis. It is, at the very least, hypocritical.
Yes, I'm talking about sub-Saharan Africa, which I hope was obvious from the context. Given that the Egyptians may well have been the first civilization to invent writing (and was certainly ONE OF the first), I'm talking about the sucky part of Africa. Obviously major civilizations existed in North Africa (Egypt, Carthage, ect.) and had writing. And yes, the Horn of Africa had writing as well (Ge'ez for instance predates the Roman Empire). There was writing in sub-Saharan Africa prior to colonial times, but the locals didn't seem to do much actual writing - despite Mali, for instance, having the Qur'an, they didn't write down local histories and suchlike for some reason.
How many applications does each facility send in, though? From my experience with grant applications, research groups are constantly writing grant applications. If you come up with four projects and only one is approved, if that one project occupies your whole staff, you aren't missing out on anything. In my experience, this is generally how such things work - they overapply.
It is a bit more complicated than that - remember the OJ Simpson case, where the jury basically found OJ Simpson innocent because the defense discredited the cops? Just because someone is a bad person doesn't mean they're lying about everything. Do you think that the sexual history of rape victims should be admissible in court, on the grounds that the "victim" was a slut and repeatedly engaged in similar sexual conduct?
Incorrect. Waivers are indeed legally binding unless they are improperly or illegally formulated. Being terminated illegally, and then signing a waiver in return for a severance package, is in fact legally binding and you can't sue. On the other hand, the rock climb example is very different. For one thing, it is preemptive; for another, it is a matter of what is known as Assumption of Risk. Climbing is an intrinsically risky activity, and you are assuming responsibility for the risks you are taking; if you choose to engage in some risky activity, that is on your head, not theirs. On the other hand, negligence does not fall under the standard assumption of risk, and attempts at waiving such would generally fail. Indeed, you cannot waive any state law or public policy. Note, however, that they could, after their rock wall fell apart and hit you, offer you money in exchange for a waiver of further civil liability. If you signed THAT, then they would be immune to further suits (though if what they did was criminal in nature, they would still be criminally liable). Note that this sort of thing is what a settlement offer basically is - agreement to drop a suit in exchange for compensation.
Not a lawyer. Bunch of my friends are, though. Happens when you go to Vanderbilt. :V &gt; If a cop is committing a crime during the investigation, is there anyway the defense could ask that the actual evidence not be admissible? If so, is it probably that motion would be granted? The question is always whether or not it is relevant to the case. It is a general rule you aren't allowed to admit things which are unrelated to the case, but if it is something is probative to the facts of the case, it may be admissible. The logs angle is going to be probably specifically what is important here - if a bunch of stuff was seized from his home and not recorded, then it is legitimate for him to argue that the logs of what they claimed they took from his home are untrustworthy. This is a chain of custody issue. However, the most likely argument here from the defense standpoint would be even before the trial to argue that the chain of custody has been broken because the logs are unreliable and there's no way to prove that the evidence seized matches up with what was actually taken from his house because of the inconsistencies in the log, and therefore the evidence should be suppressed. This would probably ruin the prosecution's case. Even if they failed to get it suppressed, presenting evidence that the logs were tampered with/fraudulent may be enough to trigger "reasonable doubt" in the jury. This is the sort of thing which is likely to be admissible in court - it calls the facts being presented into question, facts which directly pertain to guilt and innocence, and therefore is likely to be probative and relevant. It may be prejudicial in a sense, but it is hard to argue it is unfairly prejudicial because the chain of custody is so important. On the other hand, a police officer stealing money from his wallet seems less likely to be relevant. That's flat out criminal activity, but it has no particular bearing on the suspect's guilt or innocence as relates to drugs. Does the cop stealing money from the suspect have anything to do with whether or not the guy was dealing meth? This is known as being probative - basically, the evidence in question needs to be relevant to the factual legal questions of the case. Being the victim of a crime doesn't have any relevance to whether or not you committed an crime yourself. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relevance_(law) Another issue is whether or not the evidence in question is unfairly prejudicial - basically, "Oh, that cop is a criminal, therefore this person should walk." That's not a valid chain of legal logic, and the fact that so many people immediately jumped to it in this thread is a good example of exactly why such evidence might be excluded - it has no bearing on the suspect's guilt or innocence, and is instead being used to play people's emotions.
True. Median income for a man working full time is a bit over $46k/year. Bit lower for women.
It could be easily changed simply by organizing a push against it with lawmakers. The problem is that there is little organization behind restructuring or eliminating civil forfeitures. On top of that, raising taxes is unpopular, and it would be necessary for departments which are substantially funded by such things.
Seriously, being sad over the deaths of people is stupid anyway. It won't bring them back to life. This is why you have to have a wake where everyone tells funny stories about the deceased.
They get something for their money - an educated workforce, as well as advertising, both to students and to the world in general. Making charitable contributions is a form of advertising. That's why companies do it in the first place (well, on top of actually wanting to do good things).
You totally choose who your voting base is by who you are targeting your appeals towards. Moreover, they've been lying to their base and riling them up against the government for years. A lot of this radicalization is a result of their own whining and complaining about how awful the government is. It is hardly surprising that their base believes it when the party has been going on about how evil Obama is for so long. They refused to nip things like birtherism in the bud properly. They refused to stand up strongly when they needed to do so. You call down the thunder, now reap the whirlwind, as they say. They CHOSE to rant and rave and to encourage their base to listen to crazy people because them liberals can't be trusted. Radicalism is not conservatism; in fact, the two are diametrically opposed. But they refuse to articulate this.
The world economy isn't doing "shitty as fuck". If you believe this, you don't live in reality. So, let's be clear here: the economy? Pretty awesome. Anyone who claims that wages have been stagnant since the 1970s is either a lying scumbag or someone who has no clue what they're talking about. Here's reality. Not fantasy. Not bullshit. Reality. The computer you are writing this on would have been worth tens of millions of dollars in the 1980s. Possibly in the 1990s, depending on how nice your computer is. Tens of millions. All for what, a thousand bucks? Less? Look at cars today. Not only do they have far more features than cars in the past, but they have vastly better gas mileage and are safer, AND last longer - average car age has been going UP for years as cars have become more and more reliable. Our phones are things which were simply not available long ago, and which were very valuable back in the early days - and ours are vastly better, each containing computers that puts 80s supercomputers to shame. And they connect to the World Wide Web, which contains a ridiculous storehouse of human knowledge which is vastly more accessible than any library, can be accessed instantly from anywhere, fits in your pocket, and and allows you to instantly communicate with anyone anywhere else on the planet with voice and video. Everything we have today is better than it was in the past. We are vastly, enormously, overwhelmingly materially wealthy compared to our predecessors. Living like someone from the 1970s would make you poor by today's standards. But the thing is, this wealth is invisible to a lot of people. They just are incapable of understanding it. They see wealth as being a rich idiot with no day job. But that's not what wealth *is*. You are wealthy. Compared to the vast majority of humanity, and compared to the history of humanity. But you aren't a rich idiot with no day job. We do still need to work. But our money buys us more today in terms of awesome stuff than it did historically. A $30,000 equivalent car in the past is nowhere near as good as a $30,000 car today. This sort of insane deflation is invisible to folks, though, because we see it as a car, not as a "ridiculous luxury vehicle", even though, by historical standards, it is. Unemployment in the US is low, and people have jobs. We produce vast amounts of wealth. People are better off today than they were historically. People just love to whine and be entitled. Yes, we're not all rich idiots with no day jobs, but that's not what wealth is.
This is the main reason why casinos even allow blackjack to be played at all - most people who play blackjack are bad at it.
They're both deeply dishonest acts. And frankly, if someone cheats on tests, why would you expect them not to cheat in relationships? Cheating, after all, is in part about not getting caught, and not caring about what harm you might cause to others by doing it.
The only people who starve in America are children who cannot feed themselves and are neglected by their parents, and idiots who refuse to apply for government aid and are too proud to seek other forms of food assistance. We spend enormous amounts of money every year making sure of this fact.
