Doing it like the meta tag and content for the color a la Chrome for Android would be great although that may take time to the dev to implement and if the adoption by the subreddits moderators isn't that high will it pay off in the end?
Tier 0 won't let us down this time the deal is wrapped up lads, cock's tip slightly visible, for now...
I'm not concerned, Valdes has experience and can still perform given he gets enough minutes he sure will be a great keeper for us.
Wait, what?
This will be gone on 1.0, I saw updates on their repo today and it will load bigger files, a la Sublime Text (showing a indeterminate progress bar). Not sure about performance though.
Shall you be called Peter.
Roberto Carlos, that curve is almost impossible. He just loved to defy physics.
Banter aside, he has the right to be emotional, he played there and coached them at some point in his career. Even if he is to be sacked at the end of the season he knows the exigencies of the job he is taking and will certainly try to achieve them.
Começo a achar que ele violou alguma das filhas do LFV, só pode ter sido isso...
6M per year, let that sink in... if it's really an high investment I just hope he miserably fails.
Nice but wow that Google developers website looks really great.
Agreed!
ex vee eye eye.
Switching from Windows to Linux did wonders for me. More productivity and the command line integration is much better (remember having to add the environment path variables?)
Can't still comprehend how he turn to be so good after leaving.
Sorry but I do not agree, he is still a great defender, just gets mocked because he was unfortunate to be shamed by skilled footballers and then got that impression of average.
Get in touch with polymer team here: polymer.slack.com, there may be other guys who could give you some help too. You will probably learn better that way
If by 'offside' you mean Chellini's flesh in the stands, I agree.
I don't follow at all the match threads because not all creators take them seriously but I can't deny the banter that goes in those where OP brings the best of his dank memes repertoire alongside world class MSPaint skills.
That's what thinking in the Javascript way does for you.
For anyone trying to get in talk with the polymer team members, that's where you get an invite in your email.
I say Marco Silva would be today Benfica's head coach if Bruno de Carvalho didn't advance with his claims that he doesn't have to pay the rest of the contract to his former team coach. Truth is, he probably had this planned.
The *Matador* instinct!
Reminded me of Ronaldinho vs Bilbao. He plays much better with the national team!
What about Just A Gent?
