Hey, thanks for the reply! I'm glad to hear it isn't just me. My friends didn't experience such a lull when they were single, so I thought it was strange. But I do have a reactionary libido (as I call it), so I guess that makes sense!
&gt; Don't date someone who you are just "meh" about. You should be super excited to be dating the person you are dating. THIS. This has been my hardest lesson! I made this mistake *twice* before I figured out that "meh" wasn't enough to make dating someone enjoyable. Now I pretty much try to abide by the "hell yes or no" rule.
Forgive me, but this lesson of yours made me burst out laughing. Just...surprise!!
Actually...maybe not busted? OP never said "I'm a woman" (as far as I'm seeing).There is this comment: &gt; I only weigh like 140 so giant D boobs and huge for me. I have C forms and sometimes think those are too big But the fact that OP said "forms" makes me think that he could gender fluid, or maybe is just a fan of cross-dressing.
That "come hither" motion with his fingers, to stimulate my g-spot. Never fails!
Is it bad that people have different interests? No, of course not. But that isn't what those affirmative action policies are about. They aren't trying to encourage women to pursue a field that aren't interested in. What they *are* focused on is eliminating the many factors which discourage women from pursuing such careers. The disparity between men and women in STEM is commonly acknowledged as not being just because men are naturally more interested in those areas, because of such discouragement. And yes, actively discouraging people from pursuing their interests is typically considered a bad thing.
Haha, I love your last line, thanks for the laugh! :p
Haha, I'm looking at your truffle oil/parmesan cheese comment all funny right now! Sweet popcorn is clearly superior, jeez :p ETA: I now kind of want to give savory popcorn another try lol
I appreciate your pro tip. Also, idk if the 2:1 talking ratio is necessary (I'm not a fan personally, it usually ends up feeling like I'm being interrogated), but I will say 1:1 is. If he's talking about himself more than 50% of the time, I feel like I could replace myself with any other woman and he wouldn't even notice.
I mean, it isn't attractive, but idk if I'd call it actively unattractive. I do know I'm not a fan of how shaved looks. Slightly trimmed seems the happy medium - it's still there, but not soooo long and usually less smelly. It really, really isn't a big deal though. In terms of hair preferences, this isn't even on my radar! Facial hair or a hairy back/chest matter much more to me compared to his armpits.
Same! I never realized it until this question.
Look at her. Make eye contact. Smile. Did she smile back? If you want to approach someone, aggressive staring hardly sets a friendly tone to the interaction. Also, eye contact isn't magically "strong and attractive," that shit depends on context...if it exists at all. As a stranger, you have none. That makes strong, aggressive eye contact presumptively unsettling and likely creepy.
They're underwear in that you wear them under clothing, yes. But bras usually don't get nearly as dirty. There's no discharge, for one thing. And, depending on the person and the climate they live in, there isn't even sweat to get it dirty. Then you add in the fact that many women only wear a bra for part of the day (while underwear is the full day), and it's even less dirty. Also, *bras are fucking expensive.* As in, $50-$100+ expensive. So not nearly on the same cost level as panties or boxers! And washing them tends to ruin them. So many people hand wash them (which takes time), and many try and minimize the amount of washing to try and get the most life possible out of the bra because it's a financial pain in the ass to replace them...completely ignoring how tedious it is to find a bra that actually firs properly. Personally, the two bras I have that actually fit as they should? I baby them and only wash them when absolutely necessary because I don't want them to wear out!
Oh, you're right! I forgot about wireless bras when I wrote that, thanks.
Not at all! It isn't a criticism of you, or a rejection of you as a person. It just means (s)he had 'clicked' more with someone else. And on a different note, I'd be happy (s)he actually cancelled the date instead of ghosting! You aren't going to fit with everyone. If that was true, you wouldn't have to date. So never feel dumb for taking a chance! It takes guts to put yourself out there, be proud of that :)
Right? Batshit insane I'm thinking I could take at least 30. But if we're talking about simply immobilizing them? Or even tougher, not harming them at all? Probably only 3-5 small kids.
I've been on the other side of things, where he was eagerly texting and I just wasn't feeling it/was interested in someone else. I didn't think less of him. I wasn't laughing at him. I never thought he was dumb for being excited. I simply knew we weren't a good fit, so why waste either of our time? I'm betting whoever you were texting thought/felt similar to me - and didn't think less of you. So relax!
Not OC, but I personally think this would be a great idea. If nothing else, it might help reduce the stigma which (I think) might be associated with taking paternal leave.
Right? It baffles me that America hasn't gotten on board with so many other countries. How can so they keep saying, "but it'll never work!" when there are clear examples to the contrary? Paid parental leave is logical, and there are many models to choose from. There's a reason it's becoming the norm in developed countries. I really hope America figures itself out soon!
Whoa whoa whoa, wait a second... THIS ISN'T NORMAL? I do this with my slippers. I thought everybody did this? Maybe your girlfriend is the odd one...
Hey, you stole my line! Dammit :p
I assume a random guy approaching me with a line is looking for sex, not a relationship. If I'm wrong, not a big deal since I'm not actively looking to date. But I don't see how a stranger could pursue a relationship with a stranger. I'm not into casual sex, so I'll usually shut him down - *even if he's attractive*. I'm nice about it, mind you, because I'm a social person and he hasn't done anything wrong in approaching me. I just don't sleep with or give my number to strangers. The "cleverness" has something to do with it in that it's unexpected and charming, and that appeals to me. I find that attractive. If nothing else, it makes me want to talk to him, to see what he's like, to find out if he's as playful as that line makes me think he is. In other words, that interaction makes me interested in him. Does physical attraction matter? Of course. If he's just wanting casual sex, would I still say no? Not sure, probably. It he's wanting a date or my number, am I interested? If the conversation goes well...yes, yes I am. So, it "works on me" it that it makes me reevaluate automatically not giving him a chance. After all, he wasn't what I expected. And he *listened*. And he bothered to act on what I said. I like that...so I'm curious about him, especially if there's physical chemistry. **TL;DR: I tend to politely shut down strangers who hit on me because I'm not into casual sex, and I assume that's what they're interested in. So in most situations they don't have a chance even if they're attractive. Unexpected cleverness makes me do a double-take and gets me interested/chatting, though physical attraction decides if it goes any further. So it "works" because it creates an opportunity where there was none.** Side note, talking about it in this "I'm passive/they approach/I decide" way feels egotistical even if that's the scenario given, so I'm going to take a second to say that I do take the initiative as well! FWIW, I also like a simple "hey, I'm _name_," it just doesn't open a conversation as easily as this.
I feel so disillusioned. It's as if I just found out my favourite love song was written about a sandwich :(
Wait, why silk? How does that affect your hair?
Oh, that makes sense. Thanks!
