&gt; Oh, go away Crillin. You just know he's gonna go down a couple of times with a name like that...
Democracy. If you know you're going to talk to someone, ask them what they would like to see done. Tell them to butt in when they feel something isn't right. Alternatively, refuse to talk to Elves/Dwarves/Tieflings/... because they're all prissy/drunks/demons/...
If it's the d20, I hope it lands high.
As you will probably be known by: "Those Guys". In a tone that says "They always bring trouble."
&gt; I would enforce the spell's range of 60 ft so as soon as it was 61 ft higher than you, it would start to drop. The spell's description specifically states that the target must remain within the spell's range, so that is in fact RAW.
Well, you didn't specify for whom the rations are meant...
And rogue rouge is a cosmetic product that's cut all ties and now does things on its own.
&gt; Sort of a tangent, but doing crap like this (XP/gold/loot to whomever gets the last hit) promotes this sort of bad manners. Not to mention that the bard who's focussed on buffing and debuffing gets very little XP.
Two words: swivel chair.
&gt; Watch out for abuses like "five low-level casters throw sleep spells and then the archmage throws baleful polymorph" or things like that. This. If you've got multiple casters, the first one to go can cast some cheap spell that affects all bad guys, and then you whip out a fireball for maximum damage.
&gt; Will update. You mean "charisma update", right?
It reminds me of the bard's Vicious Mockery.
Another good one is "Oh dear..."
And I thought my first post was bad. Dear lord the horror you must have experienced.
Average isn't enough, you also need to take the variance into account. If you roll 500 ones and 500 twenties, then your average will be 10,5, but your variance will be too high. Now, this doesn't mean that your variance should be as low as possible. 500 rolls of 10 and 500 of 11 will have the average you want and a very low variance, but this is obviously not a balanced die. What you want is that both the average and the variance are as close as possible to a perfectly balanced die.
Always round down, unless stated otherwise.
The demon looks at you. He says: "You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave."
As long as you can stand talking to yourself in silly voices.
"The exit will reveal itself when the time is right." This can lead to two results (that I can think of). The first is that there is a clock face drawn on the floor, and when the in-game time is the same as the time shown on the clock, a door is revealed to be the correct one. Another option is to have two people open two doors simultaneously, which correspond to a randomly assigned time that has been made known to the party in some way.
Another possibility is a character readying an action such as "When a goblin comes into view, I shoot an arrow at its face." Do note that this uses the character's action, and as such he only has his bonus action for that turn.
&gt; Illusion: The bbeg now believes he's getting owned by a downpour of cats. Why? Cause you just placed him with a reality of your own creation. [Relevant.](https://33.media.tumblr.com/728b26c40c47747528aa44083c9ac3a3/tumblr_inline_mgdvynEvG91qm6f49.gif)
How does the resurrection work precisely? For instance, you get a bad case of the Goblin Flu, which proves lethal if left untreated. Being adventurers, they're out in the wilderness and as such, the character dies from the Goblin Flu. When he wakes up again, does he still suffer from it, or has it disappeared?
Last question, and this is an important one, when he dies, does the amulet shout out "Oh my gods, they killed [CHARACTER NAME]! You bastards!"?
Sure, you can have advantage on everything, if the DM allows it, but you'll also have Wild Surges all the time. And that is where the fun starts. It can go from recuperating all expended sorcery points or regaining 2d10 HP over turning blue or growing a beard of feathers to not being able to speak for a minute (bye-bye verbal spells unless you've got the subtle metamagic feat) or casting fireball on yourself. Some of it is really nice, some of it is really bad. And when the DM finds that you're abusing this, he can always tone down the amount of times he asks to roll on the table.
&gt; A pretty straight forward druid played by the old hippie guy from across the street. It's always easier to play yourself.
