1. Cro 2. Taco 3. Vermette Honorable mention: Steeger Honorable mention 2: Timmonen
I would trade the confusion in Philly for the sheer anger and white trashedness of Boston. If anyone has a video of those guys from the stands during the 17-second spurt in 2014 that would be something I have been chasing down.
KaneGB is exponentially better than AK72 or whatever was floating around. Good work
I haven't checked in a while, but just want you to know that my directv went out as Matt Albers doubled advanced to third and scored the Go-ahead run.
I think Rose worked out for the Bulls. He just had some unfortunate health, family, organizational, big-3, Boozer, Gasol, Hamilton countless other issues that didn't get the Bulls to the Championship. He played a major part of those shortcomings, but to compare Derrick Rose to the lifeless, entitled Gordon Beckham or to Joe Borchard is ridiculous. It's hard to compare Derrick Rose to anyone on the Sox, but if I would have to, it would have to be Magglio Ordonez. Maggs was far and away the Sox best player for 4 or 5 years when some injuries shortened his White Sox career where he was able to pick up and move on to one of the team's biggest rivalries. I hate the Tigers, but was extremely happy to see Maggs send tha team into the World Series... only after we had won one ourselves. Unfortunately, the Bulls don't have a post-Rose plan like the Sox had a post-Maggs plan and Brett Lawrie should hit a line drive off of both GarPax kneecaps.
Longest nine inning MLB game was 4-45. Dont know when the puck dropped officially here, but we have got a chance.
Was working. Thought it was 12:05. The seven pitch breeze through the heart of our order would have put that to bed.
The exact opposite of framing a pitch
Sure mismanaged pen but bases loaded none out should be at least two runs.
Maybe this goes long enough that we miss garPax fuck up the draft tonight?
Why is Lawrie looking for an appeal?
Shouldn't be indifference, should be ignorance.
That's a total of two pitches.
Just clearing cap space for melo, lebron, wade, Kobe, grant hill Tim Duncan and Tracy mcgrady
Rick Bucher.
q-WIN-tana is my favorite mispronunciation
You sounded like dirty Harry there.
He won more games than Mike Price.
Oh to be young and not know the pain of Zook.
Have the Sox had a pitcher train at APEC? I'm not sure I like seeing a guy exert himself like this for the sole purpose of seeing how he can light up a gun in a non-baseball exercise. The Sox, under Cooper and Co. have had pretty good success of getting pitchers to throw a lot of innings and avoid long stints on the DL and I threw up a little bit in my mouth watching this.
Not saying it's not a standard exercise. My concern is why is there a dude in the background freaking out about the velocity? It's that mentality that leads to injury. If it's happening on that drill, it's happening on other drills and in the weight room. I did a quick search on YT and found a video featuring our prospect working out with Josh Tomlin and Nick Rumbelow down at APEC. Not sure when that video was shot but both of those guys have gone through major surgeries in the last two years or so. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wPeffiUGKPQ
You and all the other downvoters are right. Probably nothing to be concerned about with a guy who has already been suspended for a banned stimulant and works out with this group trying to get a viral following for a 110-MPH non-pitch.
What is a super cause for concern?
it's a beautiful name for a boy or a girl. Especially a girl. Or a boy.
isn't it 2017 now?
