Lol moron, I bet you didn't follow Madrid in all those years in order to make such a dumb claim. They were good signings.
2011-13 for two years he was very good and on track to reach world class status. Real Madrid was heavily rumored to have achieved a deal in summer of '13 to sign him in summer of '14 but they opted out of it later. As soon as the '13-'14 season started, the back injury happened which was very weird and didn't allow him to play at all for 1year+. He returned this season mid October and he had a relatively full season. He didn't perform that well, though it's hard to say if that was on him or the team underperforming in general. In my eyes it's a low risk high reward signing. Won't cost much, it might work wonders or be totally pointless like Hleb.
Your quote: &gt; Wasted so much money on shit transfers. The players that were brought shown in the image were good signings. David Beckham for 35 mil ? Are you serious ? He was at least a very good player if not world class and he's been the most marketable player in football history. Enormous return of investment potential. The transfer policy overall was definitely shit since we were buying players we didn't need, selling others that were vital, having shit coaches etc. Perez' first term rapidly became a total shitshow but the signings shown in the picture were good. Figo, Makelele, Beckham, Samuel, Ramos, Robinho, Ronaldo, Benzema, Alonso, Di Maria, Ozil, Isco, Carvajal all great players.
Τhe transfer policy was definitely shit in Perez' first term but I think it's been very good in his second term. I agree with the rest, despite signing good players from the summer of 2003 and onwards with the departure of Del Bosque, Makelele and Hierro things went downhill very fast. My initial argument was about the signings themselves, they were good. Everything around them was bad though so the club suffered. I just wanted to make that distinction clear cause it's important and it's hard for newer fans to notice it.
Don't worry about it, I was also extra aggressive for no good reason. I think Bale's history in England and his first season with Madrid justified Perez/Ancelotti starting him so much. He's a very high quality player that for unknown reasons couldn't perform to his standards this season. Isco this season was 6th in minutes played and 3rd in appearances. Last season he also had similar numbers meaning that in two years in Madrid he's been a core player rarely ever sitting out. All that as he just got 23 years old so don't hear what others like to say, Isco has not been hurt at all, on the contrary he's played extraordinarily a lot cause of circumstances. Jese sure got shafted this season but I don't think it was the wrong move. He didn't convince at all in his few appearances and sure, Bale was doing bad too but at least Bale is Bale, when he's having a bad game there's a chance he'll make something magical like last year's finals.
So when people accuse repeatedly Iker for being a rat with zero proof no one should do something about it ? How is that fair ? I agree that what happens behind locked doors shouldn't be leaked but if it does and it's lies then someone has to set the record straight or at least try.
Αre those tattoos on Messi permanent ones ?
Not only reach agreement, they can't even negotiate contracts with them.
It's meh. Anyone with decent football history knowledge though understands the difference between european cup and champions league. The difference is practically only in name as nothing else changed. The important list is european cup and champions league combined. Gento leads that one with 6 titles, an incredible record that only Messi has a somewhat decent chance to equalise or even break. If he doesn't make it, I think no one will. Behind him there's like 8 players from Real Madrid's legendary squad that won five in a row and Costacurta and Maldini that lived through a lot of Milan's golden periods. Then there are a few more RM players from the old days and the more recent magnificent Seedorf. After that, there are dozens with 3 and that's the jump that Xavi, Iniesta, Messi and Pique can make tomorrow.
Nope. From 1992 that was the last year as european cup to 1993 that was the first year as Champions League, literally nothing was different. The exact same format with only champions entering. The change you are referring to happened quite a bit later in 1998 where multiple teams per country started competing and overall the format became similar to what it's been for almost 20 years now. So to come back to my initial point, the name change from European Cup to Champions League was just that, a name change. Thus separating it as two different eras is wrong. Only reason it happens is because it suits the media's needs for pointless records etc.
Sure, there are many ways to do it, I prefer jdownloader2 it can grab the YT separate games or the YT full stream or the Twitch fullstream.
No point cutting his revenue from youtube. It literally takes 1min to turn a youtube video to mp3.
Yea, guess what though, Link always sucked dick in LoL as most of NA since they are by far the worst in producing homegrown talent. And that's been exactly the same with Stracraft2 and CSGO. Obviously those who fail will be bitter.
Wait a minute. Why is he the correct one and not a bunch of other pros who believe otherwise ? Let me guess, because he suits your beliefs. I'm not into Dota so I don't have a certain opinion but it's very likely Dota has more depth than LoL. That doesn't mean LoL has no depth. There's always going to be games with more depth, Brood War probably had more depth than Dota, so what ? LoL is a legit eSports. It's 2015, not 2011. No one can argue against that.
It's not a couple of months, it's literally half the season. Mid august to mid January.
And how many games of sevilla with vidal have you seen in total?
Don't worry about it, no one knows everything. In all European countries except Russia and a few other where winter is very severe, the season is from late August to late May and winter signings go through in January.
Why dodge the question ? Feel embarrassed to say the truth ?
I'm following [this guide](http://honkmahfah.blogspot.gr/2012/04/dark-tower-suggested-reading-order-for.html) to navigate through Stephen King's Dark Tower world. The one I finished this week is Hearts in Atlantis read by Stephen King and William Hurt. Despite not being fantasy and myself having no relation with living in US in the '60s, I liked the book, especially the first part of it which has also been made into a decent film. Next on my list is The Stand, pretty famous and big in size. I compared between two narrators, first one was Bruce Huntey and the second one was Grover Gardner, I'll probably go on with the latter.
He can play both LW and RW. Barcelona has no one for those spots except an mediocre Pedro. If there's injuries or rotation, Vidal might get some time as a winger. I agree though that he was probably bought for the RB position.
Still dodging. It's a simple question.
Both of the two groups of thought you are describing are wrong imo. There's just not enough data to be confident on whether he'll work out or not. It's a high risk signing, specially if Dani Alves leaves.
Lol what do I have to do with it ? I clearly said from the start "I'm not into Dota". You claimed "Link has formerly played Dota at a moderately competitive level" which is a ridiculous statement for which you provided zero proof to back it up hence it's pure bullshit. Of course pros play for the money, that's the very definition of the word "pro", doing something in order to get paid. If you are investing so much time into doing something without getting paid you are defined as an amateur. LoL had good prize pool tournaments for two years before Dota2 came up. As for the last part, you must be absolutely clueless to make that claim. Plenty of dota1 known players tried to make it in LoL, prime example is Hyhy who was very famous and even was a big part of Valve's documentary free to play.
They are a newspaper based on Barcelona so yes, they definitely focus a lot on FCB.
Don't know if this is a new rule but I like it.
