McIntosh looked at a video game once, maybe even stood by a gamer for a fraction of a second, so that makes him an expert on every video game ever.
Your comment assumes McIntosh actually played it. Far more likely he just saw Geralt and made up his all about it. Now what is it called when you judge someone based solely on physical apprences?
Mainstream Christians are exceedingly lucky that their religion is so old we don't have police records, or any records for that matter, of their founder to discredit their holy book's claims.
My problem with DayZ and its ilk is what do you do in them? Like in Minecraft you can have fun playing it by yourself constructing stuff while the world blows it up, and it's very nature allows you to build whatever you can imagine. But DayZ you just wander around and fuck with other players. There's no sense of completion or accomplishment that you get from beating a solid single player game or teaming up to take down an epic raid boss. In fact thanks to a combination of early-access, public betas, and content patches, online games have entered this weird, nebulous space where they are never finished and are never technically out. I mean Warframe was playable for almost two years before it went gold. I had been playing MechWarrior Online for five months before being invited to their launch party.
Eugh. Don't these shitlords know that langue is meaningless and that we can pineapple race car driver whatever we flamimgolope?
Buzzwords, combine and form Privilegcon, the most powerful Transformer.
That's because scientists are too busy doing, you know, science.
Also nachos con queso are banned for being too Jewish.
Because the cockney accent on small Asian women with purple anime hair.
Chinese people in this case are already an American minority so under the arbitrary and subjective rules of social justice a story exclusively about Chinese people is more diverse than a story about white people.
It's easy to fight to the death when the no one else is interested in killing you.
I'm talking about the false bravado of it all.
No that's actually black face.
So I had this idea for an RPG (and I know John Carmack had this idea too before Romero got a hold of it) that has you level down instead of level up. So you start out as an unstoppable, overpowered badass with more abilities and spells then you know what to do with, which is the end point of every RPG. But, probably for story reasons, at various points throughout the game you have to give up powers at regular intervals, your delevels. The idea is that players build a character to their play style by getting rid of all the abilities they don't like and keeping the ones they do. Not only does this change the way we think about game and RPG design but it would solve the problem many RPGs suffer from where the beginning of the game is brutal and the ending is a breeze.
The only thing that bothers me about this is their smug sense of self-satisfaction they have from thinking they're pissing people off when really no one cares.
I can't believe no one has mentioned the Far Cry games. Open world FPS with, as of the last two, basic but necessary RPG and crafting elements with a strong focus on the single-player narrative experience. And each game tries to do something new and different.
From what I've seen with Pagan Min it looks like they're just doing Vaas again because that's what people liked the most about Far Cry 3. But the thing is that Vaas was a happy accident, the guy who plays him came in and did such a great performance that they gave Vaas a stronger presence. In short, Far Cry 4, and especially Pagan Min, stunk of trying to recapture the lightning in a bottle and that usually doesn't work out all that great.
Also it screws up how we should fix the issue. Oh white people not being unfairly harassed by the police is a privilege? Well then we just need to have the police unfairly harass everyone.
So you just up and give it to the first human trainwreck who drops in?
My little princess is all grown-up and murdering people.
More like obesity is the symptom of some mental illness.
You can't trap Biblical literalists with questions pertaining to God's morality because God's morally perfect not because God is just such a swell guy, but because he's defined as morally perfect. Everything he does is automatically morally perfect regardless of action. God can drown every puppy on Earth and it would not be evil, because God did it. Likewise God can, and does lie in the Bible, but it's not an act of moral failure like if a human did it, because God.
This article is about answering honestly, not just being unable to answer. Moving the goal posts is a logical fallacy and a form of dishonesty so the original premise stands.
Hero complex. As long as you presuppose your own moral superiority you can get away with (to yourself) anything. I bet in twenty years he's going to get pulled over for a DUI, rant about the Jews, and call the arresting officer "Sugartits".
Fucking Christ how is that medically possible?
