Maybe Oregon isn't a good fit for you.
Wanna go spelunking some time? }:)
I'm with the Predator on this one.
Nothing. It actually works better if nobody knows about it. The only reason you might tell somebody is if they are agonizing over existential stuff and you want to supply relief.
The butthurt is strong in this one
Given that what passes for an electric scooter in China is usually really an electric bicycle with body panels, this is a big step up for that price. Lithium batteries, a top speed that is suited for in-city use and it looks like a proper scooter. Too bad it'll be marked way up if it ever comes stateside.
We don't need this degenerate activity going on in our community. The church, I mean.
He isn't giving a bad image to Christianity, Christianity itself is a bad religion. You're just here to run damage control.
May the floods intensify such that they all drown. Nothing of value will be lost.
He's mistaken, but entitled to his opinion.
&gt;It cannot be argued that the occurrence is a construct of my mind. Oh? Watch this: The occurrence is a construct of your mind. There, I argued it.
I already did earlier, but you rejected it. That's not my problem. Climb into the trash please.
Not virally structured ones. Human beings are helpless meme repeaters and uniquely vulnerable to that sort of thing. It's like suggesting that the internet will one day be free of worms, botnets, malware, etc.
Just responding to the claim in the title tbh. If he means something else by it then nevermind.
There is sort of a soft bigotry of lowered expectations. So long as those Muslims aren't beheading anybody or blowing shit up, it's felt that they're doing as well as they possibly can.
Christians did this, I guarantee it. They will never tire of bullying gays. They are too numerous and influential to fight, so all decent people targeted by them for humiliation and ruin can do is pick up the pieces and try to get on with their lives.
Maybe with good reason. Retaliation can easily go too far, doesn't really fix the initial harm and just injects more suffering into the world. But at the same time, if centuries of heinous abuse can be carried out with zero consequences, where's the justice in that? It's not even a matter of punishing the sons for the sins of the father because Christians still commonly bully, discriminate against and otherwise humiliate gays.
What on earth are you talking about?
I think mostly just being unfamiliar with other religions' teachings.
what
Thanks to the NSA, comprehensive profiles exist on everybody who expresses remotely radical views about anything. The necessary data exists for identifying people who are aggressively anti gay for religious reasons. There's certainly grey area but I would be satisfied with targeting only the worst offenders. I think execution is arguably justified for such people, but professional ruination and exemption from welfare/food stamps would be satisfactory. Alternatively, perhaps 100 years of steep reparations.
According to the book of the people who killed them. According to Mein Kampf, Jews are also very, very bad.
"Be the change you want to see in the world"
So are we wrong to suppress Nazis in the modern day?
No I wouldnt say that, because being gay isn't wrong. Christians believe it is based on the teachings of their religion, but their religion is demonstrably false. It does not concern me that they can't be convinced of this, as it remains true regardless.
