Flair removed. No longer a NiP fan. My 3.5k mmr pubs have more discipline than they have. I've been criticizing their Yolo style for a long time on this sub-reddit. I can not support a team that is unwilling to learn from their mistakes,
The exception that proves the rule!
As EE mentioned the other day, if Korea rises in Dota we are all lost!
Cheer up! We're not being deadly serious here. For the record I have a degree in Mechanical engineering.
The only way they could win yesterday was by NiP giving the win to the.
Yeah, it really should just be west and east in regions (NA in the same as the US). As I mentioned to another poster though, ping is the bottle neck.
They picked Jugg earlier in the qualifers and won so it's not that he's suddenly a bad pick. His biggest issue is his mana problems.
DotaPit 3 has one of the top 10 highest prize pools in a Dota tournament ever. It's baffling that it has gone to such absolute arse with this in mind and all the raves it was drawing for its organization earlier this season.
BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN???
Play more WD and ES. Good aggressive supports are rare in low level pubs.
There's no questioning Qojva's skill but he seemed VERY off at time in the Ti qualifiers. Given Black's Gosugamers interview on some communication issues in the team it feels fairly obvious that his uncoordinated plays were the cause for some grief.
You are missing the point. It was the boring meta I was lamenting not Chinese Dota. To not offend anyone sensitive I'll remove the "chinese" word.
The Roman Empire is a better comparison, bringing stability and rulership but often through costly tribute and submission.
Love the work you put in, but what is a "Point of Interest"? Is this an addition by yourself or something that's actually in the game?
We are not talking about the same thing. Triss explaining everything to Geralt about his past in W1 would include tons of stuff that does not contribute anything to the plot and story of that game. It would only serve to confuse a player that hasn't read the books. I believe we have to accept that this is a game design decision rather than something that is supposed to reflect on her character in the game.
I dunno. Whenever I see Jennifer Connelly on screen I think "ass to ass".
You keep missing the point, the entire amnesia part in W1 is a designer vehicle for giving players of W1 a fresh start regardless of whether they have read the books or not. It is not a reflection on any of the characters in the game.
Techies now also confirmed to be a pro-Dota cancer as well as pub cancer. Versus a 4-melee line up versus only a support ranged Lina it was a great pick though. Secret's drafting is just levels above the rest of the competition.
Saw one when I was hunting the forktail with Eskel as well.
I have to say this sounds... odd. Sweden is hardly known for stringent or bureaucratic visa requirements.
He's actually a friend of Loda so I don't think that's happening. Also did you see him as a panel member for DreamLeague? Not the dramatic type.
What you experience in the dialogue in W3 is that the characters talk to each other like they have an actual history and they are friends. Even if the observer (ie the player) might not know the circumstances of a particular situation the in-game characters doesn't go off on some monologue where they address the air for a couple of minutes giving bundles of detail that everyone in the scene would already know. When a game does those things to me, I feel as if though it is treating me like I'm lazy, stupid or both (looking at you DA:I).
All the people complaining about the curved nature of the Griffin armor needs to check out historical armor from Europe rather than the stylistic ones you'll see in Hollywood movies. My best recommendation is the Metropolitan museum in NYC that has an amazing collection of medieval armor.
Even though I'm an Alliance fan I think this was mostly on Sumail doing some very questionable plays. [A] was extremely fast on punishing him when he was out of position.
Wish granted.
