Breadsoda is really the only palatable place in Glover, and the owners are fantastic. Town Hall and Bourbon across the street are both uber-brotastic.
I'm not, at all, a fan of team sports, so I have only learned in the last year or so that the US even has an actual soccer league, let alone that DC has a team. Ironically, my newish job has me working with all of the local sporting teams very frequently, including the United.
As the capital of a world power, we get the pleasure of having every country in the world send us their very worst drivers. Many of them live in MD, mixing with MD's shallow gene pool of terrible drivers, giving us the shitshow we call DC traffic. Thankfully, my daily driver is an employer-owned 7,000' van, so I'm more than happy to play along.
My response to shitty drivers varies depending on my mood. If I'm in my typical, passive-aggressive mood, I will generally thank them profusely for being sooooooo awesome, blow kisses, or ride along beside them giving voluminous thumbs ups. If I'm in a pissy mood, I tend to get extremely aggressive, and will generally knock the shit out of the offending driver's wing mirror (Not breaking it, mind you...). Being a fairly big, bearded, and heavily tattooed guy helps, as I've only had a couple of drivers get out of their cars to confront me, and only once has the situation gone beyond some basic shoving and shit talk. At some point, I'll likely knock out a driver with my u-lock or get shot.
My wife is small, but is extremely adept at mirror slaps and hurling obscenities at drivers. It has backfired once on her, but, otherwise, drivers are usually too fat and lazy to get out of their cars, or, if they do get out, my wife happens to be a blazing fast rider who can disappear into the distance.
So, people are butthurt about a Subway in Mt P, but are excited about a Chipotle in Brookland. What gives? Both offer mass-produced, shitty fast food.
I absolutely refuse to interact with children, and I am not at all shy in asking breeders to get their spawn the fuck away from me. As I have reached 40, I have many friends with kids. I have made it clear that I will only interact with them when they are sans crotchfruit. Most of them have no issue, but for those that do, I cease any interaction with them.
I'll hand you ammo.
Absolutely. We're running it today.
Taffi Dollar sounds like the name of a third rate Bond Girl.
Jinx Proof has several very good artists (Tim has done a bunch of work on me), but I would avoid it on weekends, as they pretty much only do simple stuff for the walk-in (aka dolphin on the ankle) crowd.
It's also a dick move. If one is not comfortable riding with traffic, they should likely limit their riding to bike trails or quiet suburban streets.
1) It all depends as to what you want. You may be better served buying a used bike at a LBS. I have found some good deals on bikes for under $200, but I'm also a very competent home mechanic. An additional plus to buying from a LBS is that they can get the right size for you and adjust the bike to your liking. 2) Ride on bike trails and quiet streets as often as possible. I have been riding for 35+ years, and bike commuting for 20. Think of riding like any other acquired skill: The more you do it, the better you'll get. My wife went from not having ridden a bike for 15 years to daily commuting in DC traffic in roughly a year, but she rode at every possible opportunity. She can now throughly kick my ass through city traffic, thanks to riding in rush hour daily. 3) Take it to a good mechanic. For roughly $50-$100, plus parts, you can ensure that everything is correctly adjusted and the bike it fit to you. Many LBS' will also have beginner's maintenance classes that are immensely helpful. You will learn how to change a tire, make quick adjustments, and perform routine maintenance to keep your bike rolling right and to keep you from getting stranded. ETA: Get lights for your bike and always wear a helmet. Brain damage and tire tracks on your back suck...
Crystal City is incredibly dull and sterile, but it is full of business hotels that are fairly empty on the weekends (i.e., Cheap-ish), and it is only a couple of stops from DC.
Taxi or Uber should be fairly cheap at that time of night, as there will be zero traffic.
There are some great swimming holes on the Patapsco River off Marriottsville Rd in Ellicott City. It's roughly an hour drive. It can get pretty crowded, though.
It's in MD, so already in enemy territory, anyhow...
A turn signal is not a polite request, it is a statement of intent. When my turn signal goes on, that means that I'm changing lanes in roughly one millisecond, and I couldn't give a flying fuck if you're copacetic with letting me in or not, as I am most definitely coming over to your lane.
Looks like IAD will most definitely have Metro access by 2087, as planned.
I's still waiting. Mine is under $100, so I haven't bothered checking.
Best of luck getting your future DC neighbours to pay attention to the signs or getting them enforced at all.
CoHi? Gunshots. Definitely gunshots.
I'm a former resident of the area (Roughly 10 years ago...). I reserve to make fun of CoHi, now that it's a sanitized, boring area with a few residual urban pockets.
Exactly. If one feels that traffic is scary and aggressive (These people are called wusses or suburbanites), then the correct course of action is to dismount one's bike and walk it on the sidewalk. Save for freeways and parkways, there is not a single road in DC on which I have felt uncomfortable riding. There are definitely some that I avoid, due to better alternatives, but none that would qualify as scary. In the burbs, however...
NO, IT ISN'T!!! Happy? Bikes don't belong on sidewalks, unless the rider has dismounted and is walking the bike. I've been bike commuting forever, and will never, ever ride on the sidewalk. Sidewalks are for slow-moving, oblivious pedestrians. Bikes belong on the street with other wheeled conveyances.
