gold, it was just for sega as far as i know
I'm a former coder my self. Used to code cheats back in 2007 for CSS and CoD. The problem with these mini updates every 1-2 days is that, well, they are mini. Usually coders have just update offsets and netvars, as an update doesnt mean the cheat is detected, just outdated. So I would rather make a very good AC than a "unhackable" game. VAC idea of sig-scanning isnt too bad, but in the state that is right now, is pretty easy to bypass it.
Ok, so you split up the functions in different branches n shit. Good. But now you have a lot of code to merge. And the same code may be necessary for 2 or more functions. That just won't work.
He was always along my favourites , but in MK9, I was disgusted. They made him like shujinko, doing ( fightinig in this case) blindless, influenced by the " I got to prove something..." cliche. In MKX they make every character, especially the females bitching about him being liu's inferior
Oke, but what could've you done with his older personality. He was even more like Liu Kang, peaceful and respectful. At least now they give him a different personality. I understand that you really like him, you probably wanted him to be the MK tournament winner in the first place. Anyway that backstory, with him being the first choice of the Shaolin is head-in-head with your "driven by duty". His duty was to defend directly earthrealm but he declined. And is probably a back story written by NRS in 5 mins, according to it he was probably better than liu kang. Well the same shit goes for Bo Rai Cho , he could probably takr Goro, Shang Tsung and Shao Kahm all at a time but he was from Outworld and didnt help with the tournament in any way.
Or you have a high sens. This could cause the consistency
No, he is so right. So many bad decisions, especially after WW2. Ok you won a war( lets be honest, they won the East on their own so grats). But after that they decided to close themself in their country, on the mentality " what happens in Russia, stays in Russia" when the whole world was opening, civil rights were establishing, freedom n other shit. But they were trapped in because of the leaders' being so "patriotic". They just wanted to do things on their own and look where they are now
Your arguments are so awful 1) oh man, there are human involved, aswell as 16 tick, trust me, you can get OW so ez. 2)Even if pro players would cheat ( ofc not, they risk too much wtf), you think they cant hide their cheats?
Tho, with the inflation of ranks many LE are now GE
When large playerbase still is at 60 fps 128 tick are just a pain in the ass , afaik. In my class there are 8 CSGO players, 1 with a super computer, me with stable 250 fps on high, one with 150 stable fps and the others around 60 or below. Tho one of them plays on a 128 awp server and he said everything is smoother but sometimes he is moving in frames. No no, no 35 sec when at LEM I still get paired with people without mic/ dont know to call out/ refuse to call out/ cant read the radar.
Oke but in Dota 2 there are no cheaters. The reports are just for chat/ griefing/feeding/ abuse of spells, abilities. You cant have a limited amount of reports where there is at least a hacker every other game
But the guys who are playing with those who cant read the radar shouldnt be punished tho
TDM...
i'm on vacation so i have to play on my potato laptop, and altough its a 64-bit system, running the 64 bit does nothing. Though, -dx11 works wonders
Lol , you wish dat. Probably 4.5k are twice as better as you are. The problem I that, the knowledge of the game, mechanical skills scales with the MMR. So there is a bigger difference between 5k and 3k than 3k and lets say 1-2k mmr.
Its the 5h 32 min meme. I thinks its from the Reborn patch yesterday of 5.5 GB
tho, you can swap it, dont ever sold it. Its still pretty good at splitpushing lategame. Altho he will not be able to manfight many carries In ultra late-game( anyway, you should've finished the game 20 mins ago wtf) he is still super good at splitpushing, and is a big nuisance as he becomes pretty much unkillable if the player is good. You should swap it for MKB most of the time/ Rapira as a last chance to win. So as a carry, you dont really get rid of an item, you just fill the stash with others so dont ever sell the big items. As I gave an example above, you may need that BF for pushing fast until enemy respawns/ butterfly so you can move faster
1. It was very popular back in wc3 dota, so the tradition goes on 2. Well, I must say, its a pretty fun hero tbh. Landing a skillshot, knowing that if you do it you have a guaranted kill its pretty satisfying. Doe, the more the game goes on, you pretty much become a creep with fat HP cuz no one in pub itemise him correctly
Nope, June reached 7999 MMR, look in NoobFromUA last video, in description
S4 4k mmr confirmed Boosted scrub
3 in a row - killing spree 4- dominating 5- mega kill 6- unstoppable 7- wicked sick 8- godlike 9+ beyond godlike
So would you call yourself roughly the best player in the world? Or just the best pubstomper?
If you have been paying attention at diplomatic problems, you can see that Russia ripped Crimeea appart from Ukraine and they stick it to their country ( sorry, I'm not a native english speaker, I dont know the terms for this actions) though western countries does not recognize Crimeea as being a region of Russia. So to punish them, they withdraw all their money and credits invested I Russia banks and facilities. Probably Valve, as an american Company, did this too for politics so the server is not actually situated in Russia
You all talk like you never been frustrated in a game because teammates were feeding/didnt listen
Thats because at their level they dont "screw up". And even if you are at least 5k you wouldnt see any team screwing up. But you, I behind team, you can screw them up by taking fights when their advantage isnt so high. If you turtle in base for like 30 minutes you just drag the game, you will get starved and eventually outfarmed totally. Please dont tag "weird" an action that is actually quite intelligent and should be "normal" and logical
