You don't lose your old license. Your key is still fine, don't worry 😊. You'll probably need to install fresh again though. No downgrading
Eye contact is not just "eye contact" though, and some people don't realize this. Often you can tell when someone is making eye contact just to make eye contact, and often they have these unnatural, big wide-open eyes that are clearly strained. Or, while you are "trying" to make eye contact, they make eye contact with you, and then you shift your mannerism somehow, or your eyes get larger, or whatever, even in the most subtle way, to their eyes, makes it come off as creepy. Eye contact is important, but it needs to be natural, and this is a hard challenge for a lot of people. Also, natural eye contact is not 100% staring into their eyes, no one does that naturally. It's looking at their eyes, but letting your eyes wander a little to their lips, or you looking away while you think of a response. This is more natural. I have a friend who doesn't get this and you can tell he is trying to have eye contact, but instead he just eye fucks you because of the never ending "stare." And that is the key-word, good eye contact is NOT staring, it is like I said, looking in their eyes, but not penetrating their eyes, not being afraid to look at their lips or something else when you think. Looking at their eyes can be great, especially with someone of the opposite sex, but if you are going to molest their eyes with your eyes, it better be with someone who you know there is a good vibe with between each other. Hoverer, I don't know. This usually just means people don't want you to be "in" on their conversation, but you hang around anyway, missing the social ques. This could be fore many reasons why they may not want this, but typically if someone is already engaged in a conversation, and you show up, if they don't immediately bring you into it, after the initial "hey how's it going?" then just move on. I mean, you might say, "What's new?" and then if it doesn't go beyond a "not much..." then you just say, "Oh just wanted to say hey, don't want to interrupt your conversation. I'll see you guys later!" Then move on. Hoverers don't get the social que and still hang around. I am not saying this is your case, but the situation is situational. You can be the most popular person around, but doesn't mean that a certain conversation is meant for you to be a part of. Not everyone wants you to be a part of every conversation, so don't take it as a personal sleight against you if they don't want you to be. The popular person gets this, understands this, and moves on quickly. No lingering, no awkward pauses, just, "See you later!" But, if you are asking yourself why you may not be the person that gets brought into the conversations, there are many reasons this could be. It's true what others have said, being attractive helps, but that's not really it. All that does is help you jump through a few hoops. If you are still "weird" then people will catch on soon enough no matter how good looking you are. A lot of it has to do with because people don't think you have something to bring to the conversation. People enjoy others who have an interesting life, have interesting stories to share, or things they can relate to with. If you are NEVER the person to talk about cool things you did that weekend, or places you went, or relevant things to others, and being able to do so in an interesting way, it is harder for them to even care sharing with you about anything. My go-to success in social situations is to have your own interesting things about yourself, but to spend 90% of the time talking about things they care about. See them talking about something? Ask them a cool question about it, show interest in their topic. Focus on them and they love you. Again, this needs to be natural and you need to show sincere interest, and questions can't be technical and just for gaining info, but more along the lines of, "Oh wow, that sounds like it was so fun, did you manage to do this too when you did it?!" As just a brief example... Ultimately though, the key is to being able to predict how other people might react to what you say and do, and being able to do that on the fly, without thinking about it much. Meaning, if I act a certain way and I do a certain thing, what are these people going to think? Being able to "know" how people will react rather than just guess or try to think how they will is the highest quality to have that will help you succeed in socialisms more. It allows flexibility, the ability to discern people's different personalities and how to react to each one appropriately. It will allow you to more quickly catch the social ques because you can discern what others might be thinking. Some of this comes from experience, but much of it just comes from self-awareness. This is all easier said than done, and it is hard to say it is something that can be "practiced." Why? Because much of it you can't really... However, the important thing is this... If YOU like yourself, and you know what you want in your life, and are going for it, then you will have the self-confidence to be that kind of person. Just know what you want out of life and go for it. If you don't, that's step one. You can't go any further if you are just gonna doubt yourself. The reality is that it all falls back on you and you CAN and absolutely will become someone that is likable and successful, in whatever way that definition of success matters to you, but you first gotta believe in yourself that one, you are not some creep, because you're not, and then go from there. Social anxiety is a very real and common thing, but you're not doomed with it from birth. Much of it is learned... So, unlearn it. It takes time, but all of a sudden you look back and you realize how different you are socially, but at the same time, never lost who you are inside. I have confidence that you'll figure it out!
This is cool, but wouldn't it just be more efficient for them to just refund the difference?
But, the base could easily be turned into just a skeleton crew, with significantly smaller programs only. They will lose outon hundreds of millions, likely billions over some years of we can't get that plane here. The sound is really not that bad and the planes even have protocols to follow when flying over residential so it's not deafening anyway. The A-10 program is not gonna last much longer and the F 35 future proofs us. No other program they bring here is even closer to the scale and size, not to mention that the whole "could bring other programs here" doesn't even mean they will. IF Tucson residents annoy em enough, that might just scratch the base off the list completely for anything. All I can say is it would be a tragedy if Tucson loses this...
OMG, and you know what? Who does wallstreet really want on the ticket? Hillary OR Bush... They want them so bad. Why does Bush even have a chance? Why do they keep bringing him up? I don't even know any Republicans that want a 3rd Bush. But Hillary, really!? That lady has so much baggage it's insane. Can anyone really say they could trust Hillary? No. Yet, I feel like I could trust Rand Paul. Hell, I feel like I could trust Bernie Sanders, even though I don't always agree with the guy, but I could trust him because you KNOW exactly what he believes in as he has been preaching it for decades. Rand Paul is the same, he actually believes in his politics. Hillary on the other hand? She is constantly lying... one cover story after another over the email things. One excuse here, another there. I can't trust her. I HATE that she is the DNC's chose establishment frontrunner. They couldn't have a worse candidate. Elizabeth Warren would run circles around her if given a chance, but nope, not the establishment's choice.
Ya, while I agree paypal is crap, you don't walk away from a business like that. The big key word is"probably" about 250k. If you are running a business, particlularly a small business, you know exactly how much you made. I ran my own small business for 5 and a half years and I could tell you exactly what my revenue was all 5 years, a couple of them being higher than his 250k. Why? Because you do everything... you track it hardcore. You file the taxes. When he is like I "sold probably 250k per year," one, implying his revenue was static year after year(BS!), but also he wasn't sure the exact amount, just kind of close? And, then he left it all cause paypal pissed him off? No way in hell us he real. But, I do concede the ebay thing. They skim you for so much money, from ebay, the fees, then paypal, before you ever even see your money in your bank account. I drifted away from them and ebay over time as a result myself too... sadly.
Oh God, ya that makes a WHOLE lot of sense. I'll start the flame on you because it's deserved. For all you know they took that photo in a parking lot or stopped at a red light. The article doesn't say the photo was "SECONDS" before the accident, they just said it was the last picture of the girls before the accident. The guy was a repeat DUI offender. That is the cause...
Except I am happy with what he did with the series, and this is coming from a Trekkie who owns his own flight cadet uniform! Seriously, I love the series and the philosophical nature of the story-telling, but I also understand that you can have a fun, visual, suspenseful movie for everyone too. The reality is that my wife never cared for the Star Trek series. My wife doesn't even like Sci-Fi. Heck, my wife doesn't even care for Star Wars, as it's "too boring" in her words. She doesn't even care for the Lord of the Rings movies, for that matter. She likes lots of things, but for some reason, these just never appealed to her. Yet, she LIKED the new Star Trek movies, both of em. Liked the 2nd one even more. I liked em too, they were fun. Maybe not as "deep" on an intellectual level as classic Star Trek, but what Abrahms did was bring Star Trek to the mainstream and I am not sure someone who LOVES Star Trek would've done this. They probably would've been more true to classic Star Trek style storytelling, which might've been good, might've not, but one thing you cannot die about the reboot is how it's breathed fresh life into the series. Anyway, I wouldn't mind the 3rd movie going back to its roots a bit more, but I have zero complaints about these 2. I think they are fun and still worth watching more than once.
But that's not what happened is it? It doesn't matter if they almost hit them or whatever... you are on a bike, you end up in people's blind spots, it happens. What is not acceptable is road rage for any reason at all. These douchebags put other drivers in danger as they weaved in and out, and then attacked this family in a car... NO EXCUSES. I don't care if they almost ran into one of em. The proper thing to do is to phone the police and maybe follow them slowly from behind whilst giving their plate number to the police. What did they do? Smash a window with a toddler in the backseat... Ya, go to jail. These guys deserve any sentencing they get. Fucking douchebags that should be off the road is what I saw.
Yup, but the Hospital still sends people without the fancy insurance the same bill though, so unless they are educated to ask for reduced pricing, the hospital will take it all if they pay it.
Imo, about the only good thing out of the ACA was the mandate that people with pre-existing conditions couldn't be denied insurance... I agree with that, and you know, I get it if insurance premiums went higher because of that. But, there is still the much more massive problem of out of control healthcare costs when I go into the Emergency room because I am dizzy and want to get checked out and leave after 3 hrs with an $8000 bill... Nothing addressed this at all... Hell, even these new insurance plans are crap. My deductable is like $6000. So, even though I have to pay roughly $500 p/month for my family's healthcare, or $6000 p/year, I still need to cover an additional $6000 before my insurance even does anything for me... I'm still out 12k, or $1000 a month, if I even have one or 2 illnesses in the family that need medical care. It's Bullshit and the ACA did nothing to address it.
I think that's a fantastic analogy!
Calc3 seems ambiguous, are we talking Diff. q or Vector calc? Both seem invaluable to me, depending on the field of programming you are going into... Not sure why a school would not require it. Keeps their graduates prepared for any direction to take in the programming world.
This is good... I honestly haven't left my Garrison in months... Seriously, screw apexis dailies. They are boring as hell. Grinding mobs for 30 minutes is NOT content. I would happily go back in the world if I could fly places again. I would LOVE to earn flying...
I was kind of thinking the same thing... The guy probably isn't a bad programmer, but got the famous mind-block in an interview, and is now over-reacting. Interview questions rarely are practical things. They are like CodingBat exercises where it just tests your comfort and prowess a little from simple to hard coding problems, be them string manipulation or recrusive things. This is a clever question because it not only tests your comfort level on recursion, but ensures you can handle a Binary tree too, something that is rather simple, but surprisingly not well understood by a huge portion of people that are programmers. A LOT of programmers out there get good with their If and While statements and some good boolean logic, but then never go to the next level of understanding some interesting data structures.
Just wanted to say, as a 10 year Warcraft veteran, long time MMO veteran, and one who has tried pretty much every big and hyped new MMO to come out since Conan, Star Wars, Rift, Wild Star, GW2, etc... FF14 is the ONLY one that has had me keep my account active. Yes, I still have my WOW account active because of my history with it, with the guild, and it's still a great game, but WOW has made a lot of "boring" gameplay decisions as of late, with ridiculously long content droughts, whilst FF14 seems to have constant "fun" content updates, seems more modernized (seriously, I can get all my professions on one character, compared to the endless alt-hopping tedious fest that Warcraft has become, even more so now that professions are so linked to the garrisons). I love FF14... great world, great production values, great music, and whilst some might hate that it is one of those few MMOs that still has a subscription model, let me just say that I find it hard to play any MMO without the subscription model these days. Why? The sub acts as a nice gate from the trolls of the internet. Yes, they still exist in all games, but in FTP, they consume the games. FF14 has a young and unbittered and helpful community. Server reputation actually matters (unlike what Warcraft has become). Working together works together... people still talk to each other in everything. Anyway, just wanted to say, if you were hesitant, just give it a try. FF14, again, is the ONLY MMO to ever keep me playing outside of Warcraft... Lots of fun!
But seriously, most people wouldn't have even gone to the theater to see it either. Most people I know that even bothered to see it ONLY watched it cause it was free online, and then after watching it all agreed, "Glad I didn't spend money on that movie." Especially since they wouldn't have anyway...
Oh gosh... I feel a strong kinship in your part "TODO: Write comments..." -- Haha, usually I put // Comments incoming soon...
You could have a refresh rate of 288hz and it wouldn't make your game more smooth if your GPU couldn't output that. The nice thing is that super high refresh rates allow you to achieve things like 3D gaming and/or reduce motion blur. These are things that even being able to run a game at 60fps is not enough. So, where gsync/freesync shine is at lower FPS. Screen tearing happens at low FPS. It technically happens at high FPS too, but because high FPS is so high you don't really notice it. At low FPS it is VERY obvious... so that is where gsync/freesync really shine. It will not really be all that useful if you even have a moderately powerful system on older games and can pull 60+ FPS. However, even the latest $500 video cards can't push the newest games like the Witcher 3 at 1440P or 4k at 60 FPS (for now lol), so for serious enthusiasts you really need this kind of adaptive sync monitor to get the smoothest experience as possible. Anyway, it's one of those things you don't realize you needed until you have it. I used to be stubborn, never really though screen tearing was all that bad, and then I was over my brother's house and saw how smooth his games were... it was weird not seeing the jitter, even on his weaker gaming system, but superior monitor. I felt a strong revelation come over me and knew that I needed something like that. So, I got myelf a Gsync monitor and never looked back. I only have 1, in a 3 monitor setup (not for triple monitor gaming but for work purposes, I only game on the gsync monitor), but oh man is it just amazing... Even better, Gsync as of the last Nvidia update a couple weeks back, now works in window'd mode (used to be fullscreen gaming only). As a big multi-tasker this was critical to me. I can't speak for freesync but tech seems similar.
This is fairly accurate, but I will also add that as a long-time pvp'r and 10 yr WOW veteran one of the biggest complaints I have with WoD is that there is nothing new... They gave us zero. Blizz put all of their eggs in one basket in WoD, Ashran, and it was a bust. Seriously, Ashran is like 90% running around to do PVE, 8% sitting around, and 2% actually engaging in PVP combat. The whole place just feels like a chore. Yes, with LFG groups sometimes you can find groups focused on running the middle road, but again, you still end up killing NPCs more than you are pvping... this is not fun. We got zero new BGs in WoD, zero new anything. Yes, they honed in the CC a bit, which I think was necessary, but exactly like you said, now everyone only has like 3 or 4 useful spells. In efforts for Blizzard to simplify the talent trees and spell bloat, the purged a TON of spells of every class. This might have worked well for PVE, but in PVP, a lot of us feel like we lost a ton of utility, a ton of choice, and ultimately, a ton of fun with the class because it essentially lowers the skill cap for so many classes. Mastering your class was a rewarding side-aspect of PVP... now it's just easier than ever. Instead of that making people want to play more though, it makes classes feel shallow, and since they have homogenized so much of the characters now, classes don't necessarily feel like they have their own flavor. I though patch 4.3 was bad in Cata, when essentially you had to be doing Heroic DS with the right trinkets and crap to even be considered for high end arena/RBG teams, and that was a mess... but nope, WoD in its current state is probably the worst state PVP has ever been in in WOW. Don't get me wrong, if you can actually get together a group of 40 people and go raid a city you can have some fun, but even blizz has successfully killed the fun of most of the because cities are lifeless now as everyone just AFKs in their garrisons. Also, cities are so overwhelmed with endless NPC respawns that it kills a bit of PVP as it is nearly impossible to take a small group into a city for small skirmishes when 100 NPC guards insta spawn on top of you...
In South Africa, or really anywhere in Africa, the wildlife reserves are called "game parks." When referring to wildlife the common saying is "game." It sounds like a hunting word to an American, but it is just the common saying everyone uses in the English spoken in SA. So, "Game reserve" or "game park" or whatever. These are fenced areas with wildlife that is not like a zoo, but basically many square miles of land fenced off for people to drive in and observe animals in their natural habitat. The largest park, Kruger National Park, is the largest game reserve in the world covering thousands of square miles of protected land. Ideally, these are supposed to be poacher free lands, but sometimes they will cut the fences to get in, especially Kruger. There ARE specific game parks built for hunters, but again, "game" is a universal word used to describe wildlife.
Ya, same situation for me... Wife has had 2 kids now, we are 31, so it's not quite as easy to find fitness time... People on here are like, "Just workout together!" Well, when you need to find a babysitter to go workout together, this doesn't work. So, we workout on opposite schedules. She likes to jog in the morning, whilst I workout before I come home from work. However, like you said, me beginning to workout was not enough for her. Raising 2 kids, losing habits, and ultimately losing motivation has made it harder to get back in the flow of things, and while she never got obese, or even close, she went from like a 110lb to 130 lbs, and it was noticeable. So again, she wasn't that far off her original weight, but enough to lose that thin figure. Anyway, when I started hitting the gym, and then I started to be interested on group bike rides on say a Saturday morning, and she saw some of the people in the group, all of a sudden she was out jogging in the mornings again. It's not like she doubted our relationship, but I think it's just a natural biological ingrained thing of the subconscious that makes woman competitive against other women.
A great example of this is Starcraft 2 which will crank your gpu into the hundreds of fps just on the main menu screen and force your gpu to hit 100% output lol...
You are right, very clever, but as a programmer with a little experience in forensic accounting, interning at a firm, ultimately pursuing the bio sciences instead, I will say that this may have worked once upon a time, but you will be easily auto-flagged for review with stuff like this, just by software analysis. This type of "structuring" is well-documented and completely red-flagged. Might even get the IRS involved, especially for any significant amount of a refund. You might get away with a few thousand dollars of this, but seriously, 9 or 10k or more, you are going to get flagged. But ya, genius idea when it was an unknown loophole.
I would also like to point out that even if they got the technology to where you could make a profit selling the SSDs that cheap, they will not sell that cheap. Demand will be too high. Enterprise SSDs that are 4 or 6TB in size still cost upwards for $5000 + each one. I remember we dropped about 9k each at my work for a nice array of a few hundred 4.8TB enterprise SSDs about a year and a half ago. A 4TB HDD is, on a good price, $120. Companies would happily pay a few thousand dollars at this point. And yes, if they can manufacture them cheaper, the price wars may eventually help drop the price, thank you Capitalism on that, but OMG, those price wars are gonna be marginal undercutting for quite a while and these companies will happily be selling a massive profits until then. There is no way in hell they would kill their huge profits by 2016 Christmas. Again, is it possible we will see the manufacturing get better and see massive manufacturing cost reductions by then? Sure... But we won't be seeing equivalent pricing for a very long time... sadly. Plus, HDDs are still rapidly reducing in price per GB as well. I know SSDs are getting cheaper, but so are HDDs, with 8TB HDDs hitting the market for like 250 bucks. By 2016 we'll be seeing 12TB HDDs, maybe more. I just don't buy this at all...
