This game is just another ff7 spinoff undercover, just watch!!
the fact they have kept Omnishlash unreleased so far, should tell us they have large plans for him. Omnishlash V5 from AC is also popular, so I wouldn't be surprised if he gets Omnishash 1 through 5 in different relics!!
you act as if they wouldn't!
lol it took them a crazy amount of time to get DR ready and ofc it was bugged as heck. And there's still a ton of unsolved bugs that they couldn't patch before releasing yet another bugged hero.
my characters are Ms Marvel (costume), Spidey (ANAD costume), Venom (no costume yet). I manage to wipe everything pretty easily with Cap Marvel and if she is in a bad situation venom usually does the job as he seems pretty tanky and rarely gets badly damaged
Dragoon's Determination is also a massive damage boost. So there's literally no reason to use it on this fight though
I actually got 40 instead of 30 for the lower package, so that was interesting. That said, I have no clue why they wouldn't just give people the advertised amount? Is not like they corrected it right away or a day after... they corrected it today when they were supposed to send them
hopefully something that overall boosts her but also gives her an edge vs her current weaknes... physical
Huh? I said "Wasn't that prominent" it's not the same as calling him unimportant, specially when I said OTHERS were MORE prominent. Don't get all salty just because your fave isn't someones favorite
oh boy now you don't get sarcasm. Just go argue with someone else, your attempts at demeaning while you yourself lack English understanding are hilarious
you are so fragile, perhaps you should get off the internet!
The person didn't play V1, where the characters storylines were being talked about. The person continued to 'pick apart' my sentences by gathering their own meaning out of them when the whole post was an innocent inquiry in how a certain character got in before others who are perceived as more popular. Not once did I state my opinions as facts, and in fact gave proof as to the perceived popularity of other characters due to game's story/updates/etc. And not once did I resort to insults like you or them did, so how am I being a 'condescending ass'. But forget it, this went long enough. I can't wait to see who the 3rd ff14 is, as I play the game, I can't wait to play with a character from the game!
Well Gazillion is not very good at damage control, or squashing bugs
I think they will link him to all the Hulks, Antman, Iron Man, Miles/Gwen/Silk for the 'new hero' type of thing, since this game seems to follow the MCU a lot, an Ultron connection wouldn't surprise me either.
good. I watsed x15 trying for another pull on Lightning's banner after the x50 and ofc got nothing. This makes me feel less bad about it and the savings till SSSB begin now :(
I did, 8 uses has been enough for me. Specially since I usually use Tyro as whm with Wall
Alot of bugged characters, still not fixes for many of them
so are they patching tomorrow? or when do people think?
what is this repeat stage 2 thing? :O
1400 crystals and some more incoming through the stash. I hope I can buy Loki's and maybe Angela's if it turns out good. Only have Loki rank 4 so Also want some bios for him (her!)
100 gem got me... 5* Seed Uniform wtf! hahaha
good, I had no idea if I was picking Jessica or Sif
her other uni also has a bonus, with +7 sec to the skill so +4 more
Cap Marvel's uniforms got +Skill time for her new 6* skill, +7 for Carol Corps and +4 for Ms Marvel
It seems to be an issue with the Facebook link, if you go to the Future Fight APP PAGE on Facebook and click 'remove' (You can do it on your PC), the game will allow you to log in
