Wli got them from led concepts. They only sell the one that change color
Hey, great question! I'm currently in the process of installing them. I have not yet hooked them out to the car but wiring them in personally up to you, I perfer to have them on all the time. The reason I went with led concepts rather then oracle lighting is because I read reviews on oracle that they go bad within a few months. The reason I ended up getting the halos at all was because I wanted dtrl that would look good on my car and cause I wanted some sexy pictures
I'd go with Lily. I named my Mopar '11 Letty. What is up with those rims though?
I'm drawing power by taping the fuse with a fuse tap
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Thanks for commenting! The lights are multicolored. I just took the pic when they were red. I'll take one with blue later.
I've already got some flashing me their high beams for some reason, I guessed they were too bright so I just dimmed them a bit.
They are legal as long as they are white or amber while on public road. I'm not going to bother arguing with you, but it's my car and I'll do what ever I want to it. Also learn what a ricer is before you go around and "rice this and rice that".
Haha that's awesome, I'll have to see how it looks on mine.
$700 for everything
What car are you looking for?
Take it to the dealer, they will be able to open it and it might be covered.
Great idea!
Orders ones that have rgb leds
Sorry, but this is fake. Look it up.
Hey buddy i own the Mopar game here back off 😂 Just kidding, nice to see another Mopar fan! [just a small example of my Mopar collection](http://i.imgur.com/Vj8izVv.jpg)
I dont like this car at all! Leave it behind all the time
Why the gloves?
What other supers do you have?
Oh ok! What do you use to reattach the blister
Want to trade for a DeLorean?
Same!
Mine haa like 40 of them, really stupid idea
I have 4 sealed one up for trade
