Bruce Garrioch is the source, so take it with a grain of salt
Mod note: Reddit doesn't let us sticky actual links, only .self posts.
Ironic that it was Draisaitl robbing Appleby.
One day my 'read' pile will be larger than my 'to-read' pile. One day.
**Floating City: A Rogue Sociologist Lost and Found in New York's Underground Economy** - 20% done so far, very entertaining. This guy is a great writer for a sociologist.
Dorkside has offered to merge subreddits, but we keep this one open because it's a free-for-all. No bans, no restrictions on content. It's a useful alternative for those who find value in that.
No, it shouldn't happen.
thatsthejoke.jpg
Chris Pronger should have won the Conn Smythe in both 2006 and 2007.
Playing with Fire, by Theoren Fleury. Hockey player who was molested by his coach as a junior, went on to become an all-star, won the Stanley Cup, and then got mixed up with coke and strippers and wound up in rehab.
Russian scrabble must be a fucking nightmare
...anyone?
&gt; You can't let guys get away with infractions because you're trying to even up the calls 100% agree. Game management is ridiculous. I don't care if they let calls go, as long as they call it evenly both ways. &gt; or just decide to put your whistle away for a game and "let them play". That's when guys take matters into their own hands. Disagree. When the refs tend to "let them play" is usually times like playoff overtime, when nobody is stupid enough to do something like "take matters into their own hands", because nobody wants to be the guy who took an overtime penalty in a playoff game. &gt; There's nothing about hockey as a game that means people somehow get inherently more emotional and unable to control themselves. I think there is. It's a small playing surface, it's completely enclosed with no escape for the players or for the momentum, the game is played at tremendous speeds, the energy expended is more than any other team sport, collisions are unavoidable, play is generally continuous and can build into a crescendo as opposed to the NFL or MLB where it's done in segments, every second of every game is a constant puck battle which means there are countless instances of direct competition/conflict, etc. The NHL is a perfect storm for rising testosterone to require an outlet. &gt; Fights in hockey are significantly more dangerous than other sports exactly because of the poor footing and ice surface. I guess I'd have to disagree with you based on my belief that the more dangerous part of the fight tends to be the actual fight rather than the surface they're standing on.
Miller gets the start next year, if he fails then Lack is the #1 and we have an expensive backup. If Lack is traded, replace Lack with Markstrom. There's no controversy.
I think the real problem starts with L and rhymes with Puka Sbisa.
&gt; Hasek meanwhile (around the same age) lost his starting job to a late 30's Chris Osgoode. Hasek was 43 when this happened, and he's a goalie who relies on raw athleticism. &gt; Also there was less talent in the NHL during the Buffalo Sabres years, for example that Dallas Stars team they lost to wasn't incredibly stacked or anything. What? Yes it was... that was a powerhouse team. Did you watch hockey back then? &gt; I think when comparing the two's accomplishments when talking about the Stanley Cup Brodeur is more accomplished. You're alone there. Hasek did way more with way less. The 1998 and 1999 Sabres teams would have been lottery teams without the Dominator. At his peak he was the best goalie in history. Brodeur was an above average netminder with a great secondary skill.
You can't teach vision.
&gt; And I'll take back stopping 3 Stanley Cups over 1 any day of the week. Corey Crawford over Ed Belfour then? &gt; Brodeur beat Detroit/Dallas and took Colorado to 7. Lemaire beat Detroit, team defense beat Dallas. If Buffalo took Dallas to seven, Hasek would have won the Smythe. &gt; Brodeur simply has a resume that can't be matched. I guess the only thing we're really disagreeing on is the importance of a resume without context.
didn't Elysian just get purchased by a huge beer company?
I get the feeling we'll be re-using this a lot.
NBC Sports cites Bar Down citing /r/hockey. It's weird.
There are still teams that are way under the cap, therefore there's more room for money to be made.
Yep, Seabrook is the classic #2, like Kevin Lowe or Adam Foote
To be fair, these days Shore would be in jail before he made it out of junior hockey.
Yup, Don Cherry's first autobiography goes into it a bit.
