Just random kids, hers are definitely on the boat. But the second she put them on the boat, everyone knew she was going to die. I swear the Night's King only turned up because the world demanded she die for being too predictable.
Ser Gregor? Ser Gregor is dead, we all saw it, they even sent his skull to Dorne as proof dammit! I have however heard there's this new knight on the scene called Ser Robert Strong, I bet he stands up for Truth, justice, and the incestuous way. *looks side to side shiftily*
Next season just opens with him on a gold throne with black trim picking his gold grill with Longclaw.
Hehe, cooldown... geddit?
If, many seasons from now, they kill The Night's King, and nobody tries to shotgun his horse, i'll be severely disappointed.
Can you imagine being the White Walkers though? Just full on living, forever, untouchable by the mortals, and then boom, the one thing that can fucking kill you turns up, and some human has made it his bitch and is riding it while it melts your asses.
A1) In your example, unless you're employing that researcher, they still don't have to give you shit. They don't have to even acknowledge the flaw exists, and if you attempt to prove it, we've seen in very recent news they can and will blacklist you from flying as a potential risk. So not only is it not comparable, it doesn't have the outcome you're expecting either. 2) The EULA is a legally binding document. This wasn't something they just shat out and threw onto the front page, it was crafted by legal professionals for the explicit purpose of covering their ass. And while the sale of digital GAMES and AUDIO. An account as part of an online-only experience remains the property of the games creators, because at no point do you actually own a license to hold a copy of the game, as you do with other digital media; you rent an account, or in the case of League, they let you use one for free as long as they're okay with you using one. 3) Game currency has no financial exchange value. In other words, once you own the currency, you have no right or ability to trade it back. The currency itself HAS a value, but only between yourself and Riot. in the same way that a coupon you have for x off at a restaurant is worth x, but in real terms the coupon is not classed as having a financial value. I don't just write this shit without knowing what i'm talking about.
It's whoever manages to kill every other contender by this point XD
The other sword wasn't sharpened nor a full sized blade. It lacks additional weight and a cutting edge, which would focus the amount of pressure exerted on the blade into a smaller area. I don't doubt that it wouldn't be cleft in twain immediately, however I don't feel the video in question accurately represents the probability of the sword breaking.
Yeah, it's kinda bugged me that this sort of gladiatorial combat wasn't espoused more in the series. Even if you're using slaves, which many Gladiators were (technically they sold themselves into a type of slavery to their combat master, at least initially) you don't waste the good merchandise. Why have a man die in a fight once, when he can fight another 20 times and still give a good show? Sure, some are fodder, but even the slaves can be more valuable alive than dead.
I just want to throw out that, after the end of this episode, what I expect to find next episode was called in advance; http://www.reddit.com/r/gameofthrones/comments/375l8f/s5_postpremiere_discussion_507_the_gift/crktluf
Personally, I'd rather have 975 skins with particle effects, but it's each to their own I guess.
Moobeat's S@20 notes indicate there IS a sound effect associated with his cleaver but a bug has disabled it at the moment, at least in the video he posted. What that sound effect is I don't know but I'd say it's most likely a twongy sound of some kind. EDIT: Your wish is their prescient command, here's a link to the sound - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muDSNkV3lyA&amp;feature=youtu.be
Yeah because what Riot really want to do is give Disney's legal team a collective orgasm.
And a white Chroma for the Mario reference.
Hang on, you go take a look at that splash art again, and look me in the eye, with a straight face, and tell me he doesn't look demonic.
He's one of them, he knows the pain of having to pee sitting down. They weren't gonna challenge a brother in blood.
Granted it was an extremely prolonged nudity scene but as a somewhat veteran actor, and gen her nudity scenes in 300, I wouldn't consider it totally unthinkable. I do agree though that the actual content of the scene could easily have put her off and that's fair enough id totally understand that. I don't think she owes the fans anything, but I also think it's a bit ridiculous to refuse to do a scene you would've done or dos do a few years ago because you've decided you're above that now. I'm not saying "this is clearly what she did" just that as a hypothetical itd be a bit hmmph
Nah they'll still be around next season.
You've no idea what you missed. I was expecting it and am used to that sort of gore and even I was sat there shouting "Jesus Christ. Fucking hell!".
"Not like they would give skins away for no reason" you mean like they did at Christmas?
I think you might have had a different monopoly to the rest of us. In the UK at least, the monopoly set was a very simple "get all 2/3 colours, stations whatever, and you will win X Prize" but there was always a specific ticket, e.g. Mayfair, that would only produce or distribute roughly the number of prizes there were. There was no subsequent draw unless something went wrong in a big way; if you had all red or all yellow properties you won that prize. End of.
Some of us just like the Pool Party skins. I intend to get the bundle either way and I don't play Draven or Mundo, and don't even own Zac yet. But I like the skins so why not.
I work, I have some spare cash, and I'm working to unlock each champion eventually. Zac is osomeone I refunded a year ago because I didn't get him, but my play has evolved since then and now is the time. Same goes for Draven; I'm trying to expand my horizons and I like to at least have on skin on a champion if I own them, especially given I enjoy playing a fair bit of ARAM. There's only 1 or 2 champions where I will always buy their new skin, and before now I've only really used RP to buy new release champions with their bundle, I mostly use IP. Besides, it all goes into a game I enjoy, I spent £90 on Battlefield 4 and barely played it, so I'm not too fussed about putting money into a game I'm actually enjoying XD.
Sorry, did you just accuse Riot of supporting segregation by keeping regions geographically separate to maximise player experience on their servers? You just played a race card I didn't even know existed right now. It's not like you're prohibited from forming an account on any other server.
