One suicide bomber or hijacker can do a lot of damage. Their recruitment won't go to zero ever, and it's not going to significantly diminish for decades at least.
Please, do tell.
Oh so you're saying its a promise from Senator Sanders so subjective as to have no meaning?
Ever heard of the phrase "in your best interest"?
That's not terribly inspiring. I want some of the NSA laws changed, but I also want a "vigorous" defense from terrorism. I'd like to know the specifics of that plan. I have a fairly good idea of where Hillary Clinton falls on the issue, but Sanders has been pretty vague on the details, and most of his supporters (which I count myself among) seem to be fine with that vagueness or just hand wave the issue away. It's disconcerting.
What I'm talking about predates the Taliban and Hamas by 35 years. History didn't start in the 80s.
Pretty sure Wal-Mart accepting all responsibility and paying a large sum of money is a clear enough fact.
I used to work in both the legal and safety departments of a medium sized OTR trucking company. It wasn't a daily occurrence, more like a monthly one. Drivers would cheat their logs, we'd try to catch them and dock their hours if we did. But everyone knew the game, it took a lot to get fired.
But what happened to the guy who pushed him out of the helicopter? It's turtles all the way down!!'
You probably want to delete this, there's more than enough identifying information here to figure out who you are and get your clearance revoked. You might have found it a pain in the ass, but that clearance will earn you quite a bit more salary in your field over your career.
Some people would rather look at high quality posters, fan art, cast lists and photos, plot descriptions and other meta-data while browsing their movie collection, rather than a simple file list (which you can also do with Plex)
Commentator on the right is Toby Huss, currently starring in Halt and Catch Fire on AMC and formally known as [Artie, the Strongest Man...In The World](http://leahlucci.com/starling/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/Artie-And-Pete.jpg)!
&gt; Sorry isn't this obvious? Likely not to your average Comedy Central viewer.
There are hundreds if not thousands of job lists looking for people who already have clearance at certain levels. The background checks and evaluations don't change or expire just because your project ended.
iOS devices are both elegantly designed and nearly fool proof. Most rich people tend to live in areas where they can get personal professional service from either an Apple Store concierge or a certified Apple professional. An iPhone or iPad "just works" with the Mac computers they already own and looks good. Source: worked on iPads and iPhones for a lot of rich people. Only the most geeky and tech savvy Dads use android, and their wives and kids are all on iOS.
Even if that weren't an idiotic statement it's still absolutely incorrect. He killed two innocent civilians first, that's why he was being sought after before he went on to kill more innocent people.
I never understood why people would provide 90% of the equipment and not ask for a producer credit/power. You could shut down production in an instant, sounds like you're the executive producer and this director needs to get in line.
Can you elaborate? Is that 2250/ton one way or round trip? Highest I saw one way was ~1,620/ton
Saddam kept the peace through brutal violence and mass killings. Unless we're prepared to do the same it's probably a lost cause. Iraq should have been split into three countries, one for each of the major ethnic groups. The "nation" of Iraq didn't exist 100 years ago, and we shouldn't be sending people to die to keep it together.
It's been awhile since I've seen someone get owned as hard as you did just did. Thanks for that.
All of the above are great reasons to seek in-patient psychiatric care.
Nothing right now! But if we had some sort of verification mechanism in place it would stop the general public from getting the low-hanging fruit. Anyone in security will tell you that you'll never stop 100% of the leaks, and that the weakest link in your security is almost always the human element. If we could somehow restrict access based on the number of merits someone has earned for Lavigny, that will give them some skin in the game, both in time invested for our benefit and potential punishments if they defect.
Sorry, I don't think I'm acting culty, nor have I said the system is precious. I hope you get the help you need, please look into Medicaid or possibly low-cost insurance options in a Healthcare exchange in your area.
&gt; People will defect, drop and join powers as they see fit down the road, many people will simply farm the faction modules and move on. Most of those people probably won't be reading strats and plans on this sub though, there are plenty of ways to grind for modules without participating in the RP or strategy side of things. I am interested to hear how EVE players handled OpSec though, I know plenty maintained private forums, IRC channels, etc.
I also never said you called it a scam, may have been one of the voices. You could get help with the forms from a social worker if you really wanted to, any of the hospitals in your area could connect you with one.
