Just like how I'm white and I'll immediately buy any flavor of Wheat Thins I see Ryan Seacrest eating.
Those boss fights ruin it, though, even in the Director's Cut version. Fucking bullshit.
I know people often choose some of Kanye's cockier lines to represent him as a person, oftentimes as a joke, but there is no line that, to me, defines Kanye as much as the line you just quoted :)
The problem with imagining someone replacing Serj is that it just isn't as easy as if you were to, for example, say "Who would be a great replacement for Scott Weiland in Stone Temple Pilots?" or a good replacement for Billie Joe Armstrong of Green Day, because, while I consider them both to be good vocalists at what they do, they're pretty normal. You can find similar sounding vocalists or at least in the same ballpark, not necessarily in talent, but same uniqueness and overall sound. The most seamless one I can imagine is just Daron doing Serj's vocals because at least we're all used to Daron, even though it'd suck not hearing Serj there, but if I had to pick someone from another band, it'd be Mike Patton of Faith No More/Mr. Bungle who has always been a HUGE influence on Serj and has even done a song with him. Mike has a huge as fuck vocal range, can do all of the screams, weird sounds, etc, and while I don't think it'd be anywhere close to the same thing in terms of feeling, I feel like they could still make genuinely good music still... It just wouldn't feel entirely like SOAD to me.
It doesn't matter what the person's gender was.
But how often do people do that, in comparison to just getting drunk in general?
There's supposedly some line on Infinite that's a direct lift off of an older Cage song, but someone else would have to remember what it is. Also, how can you say it's unlikely he had ever heard of Cage before he recorded the Slim Shady LP, when there are multiple references to Cage on the album?
Man, those robots sure know how to fight..
Not always.. Usually, if you kill every NPC, there's usually a dog you forgot about, and somehow they count as a witness
Fuck, man, I don't know... The force??
i think it was a jokety-joke-joke
it's okay, just send him some chewy chips ahoy cookies in the mail and we'll all be buddies again :)
"With how big of an Eminem fan you are, what do you think of D12?" "HE'S FUCKING GREAT"
I feel like I should note that this is usually just a fantasy and very rarely ever actually happens. Feelings aren't going to appear out of nowhere like a movie.
Fuckin' edgelord.
I can't find anything in Google about them having that line-up.. Throw me in the right direction?
who the fuck are you to say i don't
Not really too scary, but I'm currently in a long distance relationship and sometimes I'll listen to my girlfriend sleep at night over Skype, because I'm up later than her, and sometimes she has breathing issues in her sleep, so naturally I wake her up when I hear her struggling. She has this adorable thing of saying something in her sleep, often not making sense, and then giggling, but a few nights ago she started doing it again, with a "potato sooouup.." out of nowhere, which made me quietly laugh to myself, followed by random gibberish in her sleepy voice, and then after a brief silence, in her normal talking voice: "...And then I killed him." Freaked me the fuck out. Later on when she woke up, I told her about it and she laughed. I know she hasn't actually killed anyone but that's REALLY fucking creepy to hear out of nowhere at 3 AM.
okay, will do
The first I heard was All The Small Things. I actually saw the music video first before the song on just its own, and I was so young and stupid that I thought they were genuinely a boyband, just one with a sense of humor. Cue me hating them for a few years until someone points out to me that the video was a joke. It's not my favorite, but I don't really have a favorite.. It's like picking favorites with your children!
Do you know if The Real Thing is remastered too?
You can also do it by clicking the comment and pressing Z on your keyboard. Same with using A to upvote
Why?
One thing that also made it scarier was that (someone will have to correct me if I'm wrong here) Scott didn't reveal Foxy was in the game in the trailers, so you're trying to survive with just the three others, and then all of a sudden "..What the fuck?! There's another?!" and then he's running down the hallway at you. Scary shit.
hey man, at least you own up to it, so that's great :)
