This was on the announcers. Cole and King should have been calling him something along the lines of a "no good rotten scoundrel"
Just fyi you got downvoted because this is a place for questions.
Blue pants was a "jobber" that Zo &amp; Cass brought out to put Carmella over in her early days on tv. Blue pants either looked really awesome/won (I can't remember if she won), but the crowd really got behind her. She's a good worker.
I didn't know it was Corpus Christi until I was finished watching and looked it up. I didn't pay attention to the beginning and didn't watch the pre-show. They were definitely quiet before the last two matches. I was on patrol for spot calling last night for some odd reason so they seemed loud. I thought the crowd was good for the finishes of the main event and Owens/Cena. Other than that I wasn't impressed.
Thanks couldn't recall
I'm sure that didn't hurt lol
It seems like the only explanation they give is that ..."Kane and HHH have been wrestlers and in the business for a long time, so they are friends". This may be true, but it's not like Kane was in the Kliq or anything. I don't doubt that Trips and Kane are friends, the reasoning just seems a little too simple/(slightly) lazy for my taste. I'm not losing sleep over it or anything...just sayin'. Edit:/u/twinightstream7 below is more accurate than me
Ah yeah I forgot about that whole deal.
The bath totally worked for me. She didn't ballup once and the nails are clipped
Hey now both Orton and ICP have appeared at Wrestlemania. So....there's that?
I wasn't around for it but I'm sure Mets said the same when compared to /u/Dolphins1982
I'm not sure why you're being downvoted, but *IF* the kid was a plant, that's horribly shitty by WWE. I'm going to assume a company I devote at minimum 4 hours a week to isn't that shitty.
&gt; I used to be the biggest Wyatt mark and now I have to watch him cut promo, after promo, after promo only to job to a guy like Reigns! It's not the losing to Reigns that's the issue. Reigns is slotted as a main eventer right now and Wyatt isn't. It's the "Bray lost to a guy who went through 2 matches and a post match beat down" that is the mother fucker of it all.
Your comment isn't making sense to me? are you just saying basically you're done with Bray and done expecting him to ever amount to anything thanks to shitty booking?
No worries. Just curious. Cheers! I would say follow the buzzards but evidently they lead to mediocrity
Not a chance, but I sure do hope so.
They all speak Spanish anyways. No big difference.
I'm going to have to respectfully disagree. You may disagree with me which is fine too. But stating that it induced real emotion and positivity nullifies any cheapness one may perceive. That's just my opinion.
I get the one that /u/billyK_ posted below, but this one I don't understand. I get that venison is the culinary term for deer meat, but not how this is a joke.
I'm going to have to politely disagree. Regardless of them playing characters, if owens goes at a kid with cancer, it's going to make headlines in a negative manner
Yeah I understand homophones, but venison's dear doesn't make sense to me. This (using deer) just seems like someone checking facts
Maybe that's it. I figured mine didn't want to ball up to prevent her face from being submerged. Either way it worked and that's all that matters :)
You might be right about America not caring, but I don't know that the heat (which would be fucking nuclear) is worth the risk. I think I saw something on the post raw thread (could've been elsewhere) saying Owens could have said something like "Kid I hope you beat cancer like I'm going to beat your hero". Not near the same amount of heat but definitely no backlash from that.
Yep things went downhill just before they went public
Seth Rollins sucks, and Great Khali was the the most under utilized talent EVER!
