Read it with my wife, and while it was helpful it's certainly no magic fix for relationship problems. I didn't care for the religious overtones, and the book simplified that people only speak one love language when in fact they can speak of all them depending on the situation.
Good to know at least my shoes and my belt will always get checked. The only thing that comforts my disdain for TSA is knowing that they're getting constantly radiated by the x-ray machines.
McLaren P1 still looks the most bonkers in person out of the three hypercars
I do this all the time with my LBS and they're cool with it. I support them by bringing my bike in for service and pay them accordingly.
Bust out the Bud Light Limes!!!
I'm surprised he's lasted this long. I know this is a development year for Aprilia but it doesn't make it any less embarrassing to be dead last every time.
I thought Ike Turner was the Hero of Music. lol
Mostly drugs according to The Armstrong Lie lol
The CTD won't be any more plusher. If you want plush, go with a Revelation or a Pike. The new Fox 36 is also very plush, and their new line of forks should be plush as well.
A Fox 32 is hardly an ultra light XC fork. He asked for opinions on plush from people who ridden both non CTD and CTD 32s and that's what I did. Now, how exactly are you helping?
The context of the post never said "I want a xc fork with only 100mm travel". They asked about plushness of CTD, which the only Fox fork atm that's plush is the 36. And I've had a 150mm 32, so much for being an xc only fork...
Clever quote, must have a hard time googling it. The Revelation is a 32mm stanchion fork just like the Fox 32 the OP was asking about..and it even comes in Dual Air to adjust it down to XC spandex loving levels. But go ahead and continue to be pissed that I mentioned a 36. What about a Boxxer, that should be plush right? LOL
Yo momma so fat that when she went swimming in the ocean, she came out with harpoons on her back
Samson is open, as is Big Cedar.
I rode Samson yesterday and it's in decent shape, just needs some trimming and there are two minor wet spots but most of the park is in rideable shape.
Rio Mambo in Arlington on Fridays, and Rio Mambo in Colleyville on Saturdays
I went two weekends ago pretty much just for the Simpsons area. $95 plus parking is expensive as hell, but I was in LA for work and wasn't about to fly back in the future just to go to Universal. I did really think they were going to have Bort licence plates but they didn't, although I did enjoy the Duff Brewery section. My favorite part was that they play classic clips from the show in all the waiting areas.
Buying stock in Crestfield Wax paper now...
Suntour forks. I know their air forks are supposed to be "ok" (although I haven't seen any details as to what kind of damping they use and how good it works), but their bottom rung stuff that they put on all beginner's bikes is all crap.
That was a great article. I went to see the USWNT almost ten years ago now in the FC Dallas stadium and I was shocked to witness how quiet it was despite it being packed. While it was cool to actually hear the players yell to each other, I couldn't help to think how awesome it would be if they had the 'real' soccer atmosphere. IMO it was a truly stupid decision to not have a WMLS, specially after '99.
Not looking good for Northshore, or any of the trails around Grapevine. Last I heard, the lake is 20+ feet over and the water will slowly be released so as to not flood places downstream.
TLD A1 helmet. Great fit, good ventilation, and great looks.
"Gotta walk that off. Caught me slippin'"
Sooo they pretty much they play and behave like any regular men's national team LOL
Obama should have been on Girl on Guy first instead of WTF
