The Exorcist
Might wanna add a timeout to avoid bleeding performance while resizing. $(window).resize(function() { clearTimeout(this.id); this.id = setTimeout(function(){ // Code here }, 500); }); Basically just run the code 500 miliseconds after resizing has stopped.
If you wanna speed up the width detection a bit, you could consider using this instead: if (window.innerWidth &lt; 451 ) { // ... } It's not dependent on jQuery so it'll fire faster and give you the same results.
Manor to run Magnussen, Hamilton, Rosberg, Coulthard, Perez, Merhi, Stevens, Rossi, Haryanto, Wurz, Davidson, Button, Glock, Webber and Wehrlein confirmed!
Thanks :D
Thank you :D Don't worry - I'll have plenty more for you throughout the season.
Weird danish tradition. If you turn 30 and you're not married, it's called becoming a "pepper man". So your mates douse you with water and then proceed to cover you in pepper :P It's fucking horrible, and right now I feel like I was pepper sprayed.
Thank you! :D
Thank you! :D
Thank you :D
Yessør. Rammer det runde hjørne idag. Og det gør ondt!
There will be a few Renault AMAs, but I'm not going to give away who just yet ;)
Thanks :D As a grid system it's awesome, but I never use it. To me it's a classic example of doing too much you don't need. But then again, almost all my projects are very customized to the content the given site will be running, so a framework usually doesn't benefit me.
Tak tak :D Jeg har heldigvis ingen indkørsel den kunne stå i - så jeg nøjes bare med et par peber-angreb.
We're not in the US unfortunately. Closest is Canada. Other than that you can get our stuff on various marketplaces like ASOS, Zalando or Amazon.
Wooh! I would say I love you too, but we're teetering on the brink of being inappropriate here ;) Appreciate it :D
You can see that there are actually two guys who aren't really doing anything (Second guy is on the right) - They're the modern version of the lollipop man. The one guy you've highlighted keeps an eye on the traffic. If there's traffic in the pit he'll hold down a button so the go-light in front of the driver doesn't go green. The other guy pushes a button when the pit crew is done changing tyres and doing what they do. If both guys have signaled that all is clear, the light automatically goes green and the driver is released. Edit: [Image for clarification](http://i.imgur.com/uEAOheX.jpg)
Turn 10 always gets me. I can never really seem to get the braking point right.
Thanks! It's always nice to get a compliment :D Happy you like it.
Every member of the pit crew is also on the mechanic crew, so they maintain and fix the car when not doing pit stops. Most people who travel with the F1 teams to races have multiple roles to fill.
During qualifying the cars are set up to do a single lap. Tyres are fresh and at optimal temperature, they run a rich fuel mix, the tank only has just enough fuel to make a few laps and DRS can be activated in all DRS zones for every lap. As soon as they lower the fuel mix and fill up the tank, they lose a lot of speed, plus they need to think more about conserving the tyres to make them last for more than just a few laps.
Yeah. But let's see. They're still suffering with the outdated chassis and aero. Points would be amazing!
We use Google Analytics, which provides us with some generic demographic data of our visitors. When you visit a website, that website stores some generic information on your computer that can be used to build a persona. Age, gender, interests - That sort of thing. For example, you'll probably show up as someone who's interested in Formula 1, since you've visited /r/Formula1. In addition stuff like Facebook will let Google pick up gender and age, so Google won't have to try and guess that from your browsing behavior. Keep in mind that you can't be identified from these data. We can't see details on individuals, like what sites they've visited or grab their email or something like that. It's completely anonymous.
I can totally feel the Haas / AMR love &lt;3 Are you fishing for a partnership? ;)
Hey there AMR would love to have you on board :D
