This fact cannot be stressed enough
No duh. It still wasn't opened by a golf ball tho
Andrew Wiggins fucking sucks. I can’t trade him, and I can’t bring myself to drop him
/sad trombone fart
2-4-1 isn’t as much of a thing in Points from what I can tell. Wiggins accrues fewer points than most waiver fodder currently
ZBo is currently still a better basketball player than any of the youth behind him. Joerger loves ZBo. Eventually he’ll likely get rested in favor of giving the young bigs minutes, but he’s going to help more than not for the majority of the season
And Ted Thompson is stepping down. The football gods are doing good work!
Yeah, he almost outscored my entire team tonight. Woof
He almost outscored my entire team
Any update on Draymond?
Everyone’s coming in here to talk about Gerald when the superior Green (Draymond) lit it up tonight
I really don’t care for the Titans, but I’ve rooted for the Packers for longer than they’ve been local
Holding in 10 man without IR. Would've looked to trade if I weren't undefeated
Same. Feels bad man
Sleeping so hard they call me Rip Van Winkle
Without treat reinforcement/training, my Boykin Spaniel would find family members by name. We’d say “Go find X,” and she’d first go check their respective bedroom and then search the rest of the house. She knew us by name. It was the damndest thing
Boogie plays every game and is incredible
Why would you ever try to throw hands with James Johnson? He's a legitimate Chuck Norris-esque badass
Harris has been great. Such a high floor, which is what you need to mix in with some volatile guys, even though he can explode himself. He won't hurt you. Though, I feel like I can't really decide who I'd like best between Harris, Barton, and JRich. They all kinda function the same way for fantasy purposes, but I'm not sure who the best own of the three would be
Memphian here. This story is disgusting and just a mess. Even if everything had somehow been consensual, it’s still a man in his 20s having relations with a minor after being tasked with guiding said minor through faith. It’s a stain on Memphis and the Christian faith as a whole. It’s a stain on humanity
Now to debate grabbing Sabonis by dropping Collins or Jaylen Brown. I feel like Collins probably will break out. He’s been very good even in small minutes. Brown frustrates the hell out of me
In a Points league, DLo just got dropped by the Turner owner to grab Sabonis because of no IL. Should I drop Jaylen Brown, Gary Harris, or John Collins for DLo? I have Bron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Donovan, Dunn, Ingram, Wiggins, and Conley. Part of me is thinking Brown, but I also think he could be awesome, but I think DLo must be grabbed
JRich
DSJ probably? Bradley has been very bad in Points
DLo for Points, but LaVine can be more helpful for a lot of builds I'd imagine
