I hope "love of my life" is that handsome and charming two-wheeled steed.
Should've broken from the gun in the road race, too! :-D
Yep. If you're attracted to your training partner, you've already got the foot in the door on a hookup. ;)
What you didn't say is how far along you are. What is the fastest way out? Would you work on that fastest way out? After three semesters, I was in your boat. I ended up doing what /u/sankofaa suggested. I went to a community college and finished whatever courses I could. Tuition there was a third (as in, 33%) of what it was at my big state school, even as an in-stater. I needed to do a minimum of two semesters and ended up doing three. I actually excelled at the community college, partially because I figured out that this was important to me but also because it was easy in a smaller class. My largest class there was 30 people, and I ended up making 2-3 professional contacts that came in handy later in my career. So, it sounds like you're at least a couple of years in. How much longer to graduate? Can you take the core / general classes at a community college (in CO, they have 'GT Guaranteed Transfer' courses - that is, PHIL 112, Ethics, will count as a PHIL 112 course at any public school in the state)? Also, having a degree will make you way, way more valuable than not having your degree. If you don't finish it now, you never will.
You and I have almost exactly the same situation - I'm 27. I have about $55,000 in debt, make about $34,000 a year, and bills come out to about $800 / mo + student loans (one $100, one $101.23 with IBR). I think the answer is pretty dependent on you and your personal goals. The [Student Loans.gov Calculator](https://studentloans.gov/myDirectLoan/mobile/repayment/repaymentEstimator.action) lays it out quite clearly what the difference is. For me on IBR, I think I end up paying about $10,000 more in interest but then have about $25,000 forgiven. As mentioned below, I expect to pay tax on that, since it's treated as income. In this case, it would be $5,000 tax due. So ultimate cost is a bit less than $15,000 extra, but over the course of fifteen years. However, that is a difference of about $280 a month right now in my student loan payment, which is about $36,000 over the next ten years. Truly, I'm on the fence on whether I want that hanging over my head for 25 years or not. I've got about one year done, but twenty-five years in a long time. I'm working as hard as I can on chasing the dream, but I think I will try to end up throwing money at the ten-year option before long. I believe that with my ICR setup, The Gooberment pays the interest on subsized loans for three years. After that, interest will accrue but not capitalize. Right now, ICR/PAYE is the best option for me, though I hope to eventually switch to taking on the ten-year-option. I think I need to either make more money or change my lifestyle significantly for that to be an option, though (bicycle racing is an expensive hobby). Also, another thing worth mentioning is that the debt / income burden I have hurts my credit. The interest on the student loans is revolving debt, so credit card companies won't take me and I'll have trouble getting a loan.
Oh, thank you for the clarification. I meant IBR in every instance (since I never qualified for ICR - I think they phased it out before I got to it).
I rode slightly older Industry Nine road hubs. They were unreasonably nice: near instant engagement, silly light. But I found them to be overengineered and require constant maintenance. The wheels they were built into were nothing but trouble.
I agree on this point. So many people disparage middle aged cyclists on nice equipment. They forget that this is the equipment that I buy and ride into the ground. My second bike was a Cervelo R3 with dura ace. The first owner bought it for $6,000, rode it 37 miles, and then sold it for a third of what he paid.
"Full Gas" is one of my favorites. It's basically a documentary about Fabian Cancellara a few years ago, but it's got some fun clips that you won't find anywhere else. I suppose I should have a disclaimer that I have more than a reasonable man-crush on Cancellara.
Beautiful, timeless build. I'd ride it.
Good advice, all. Make sure your bike is more or less comfortable. If you're dead fatigued by mile 50, or your back hurts, or your butt can't tolerate it, you need to make equipment changes. On the other hand, if you're totally fine but just tired, you're quite blessed. :D Also, check the bike about three weeks beforehand. Does it desperately need a tuneup? If yes, *get it done a couple of weeks before*. Things can still go wrong, even if you pay someone to do it for you. It'd be better they go wrong two weeks out than day of.
When I was in fifth grade, my dad decided to take a position 1700 miles away on the east coast. He moved out early and we followed him when I finished school. My older brother burned me a bunch of music to help me get through the three day road trip with my family. This album was brand-freaking-new and hadn't left his CD player since he'd bought it two weeks earlier. It rocked. My. World. I listened to it on repeat until the batteries would die on my Sony portable CD player. My mom would buy 16-packs of AA batteries from ShopKo and it wasn't enough. As /u/glengach said... Lateralus. Oh my god. Still one of my favorite albums of all time.
[Bicycling Magzine](http://www.bicycling.com/training/fitness/core) has a pretty good core routine. I've used this one for a couple of seasons with good success. The first couple use an exercise ball, which I actually recommend. I have issues strengthening my lower back and QL without one.
My best friend's parents are anesthesiologists. They got up and walked out on the first episode of Grey's Anatomy.
It changes EVERY SINGLE YEAR.
I think they were fighting over who gets to legally change their name to "Quadzilla."
I have this one and equip my companion with it (when I've not got Dogmeat). Yep, can confirm.
Absolutely gorgeous bike.
I think he meant the Capital One Secured Mastercard. The one [linked above](http://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/secured-mastercard/) is pretty solid. I have the same card but a different name (same rules, but a Visa offered by Capital One). Within four or five months of the basic 'one tank of gas a month', Capital One was sending me pre-qualified offers for another card. The cards have gone from entry level to medium level ($1,000 max to $5,000 max) in the next six months.
Yes, the Capital One secured Mastercard does build credit. That means that they report two important pieces of information to the credit agencies: your statement balance and whether or not you're paying "as agreed". That is a 'positive report' on your credit. The reason they say to 'buy a tank of gas' and 'pay it off in full every month' is because those two behaviors produce the best credit trail. The tank of gas is to keep you utilization under 10%, which Credit Karma reports is best for your score. In fact, my original limit was $200, so I had to buy less than a tank of gas or I would lose 5 points because my utilization was &gt; 10%. As mentioned above, I used a very, very similar secured card from the same creditor. Mine had a $29 annual fee, and it looks like this one has no annual fee.
Most of what I want to say has already been said, but I want to reiterate it. First off, communicate with your parents. Let them know what you're planning, find out what they're planning, and go from there. Two years ago, after a huge miscommunication and stubbornness on my mother's part, my parents were out about $3800 because I told them that I would be filing independently an they didn't adjust their withholding. It caused a pretty major rift between myself and my mother that took six months to rectify. Secondly, and this has been said: technically, you don't decide whether to file as an independent or a dependent. There is a pretty clear set of guidelines. There are [tools](https://www.irs.gov/uac/Who-Can-I-Claim-as-a-Dependent%3F) for determining your status. Some of these details can be fudged (ie, 50% of support), but others most definitely cannot (did you live with them for &gt; 6 months this year). It should be very clear whether you are or are not. Finally, remember this: when it hit the fan with my parents, it was worth about +$2500 to me, and -$3500 with my parents (and caused my mom to accuse me of "seeing dollar signs flashing in front of my eyes"). Because they likely have a much more complicated tax situation, it may be very complicated. Whatever you decide, make absolutely sure that you can provide receipts and documentation to back it up, both to your parents and your IRS auditor. Also should be said that sometimes independent has advantages for tuition, scholarships, loans, and the rest. Also, you may get certain tax credits if you're an independent.
What if I told you that you could read the book on your own? ;)
You're the best of us, my friend! Can I ask what application you're using to track your spending? I've only seen Mint.
I am unsure what your approval odds will be for any card with no credit. Many companies offer a student card. They usually have no annual fee and a limited credit limit, but are much easier to get. There is a university-affiliated credit union in my area that is quite popular and is very generous with their cards. If neither of those options work out, you might consider a secured credit card. The one I find myself talking about lately is [this one](https://www.capitalone.com/credit-cards/secured-mastercard/). It has no annual fee. You don't earn rewards, but it reports to all three agencies. As always, the normal rules apply: buy a single tank of gas or something like that to keep your utilization below 10%, and pay it off every month. Please read the sidebar on Credit to talk about building credit. Remember that things like paying utilities and cell phone bills go on your credit, so *pay them on time*, even if your roommates don't pay you on time.
I definitely disagree with this one. It is debt, but at this moment and for the next year, it will be guaranteed to be at 0% interest. The emergency fund is just that: for emergencies. You have no idea what the next twelve months will hold, with the exception that you don't owe that credit card debt for 365 days. When the debt comes due, you can pay it with some of the emergency fund and not be out a single penny. The only thing to gain is flexibility, which of course could mean nothing, or could mean a whole lot more. edit: This is, of course, assuming that OP is actually saving and not just putting being financially responsible. That's kind of a big difference.
