Does Cleveland hate their bullpen or what? 7 IP, 3 ER seemed totally reasonable. They finally get two back in the bottom of the 7th, and then they just run Kluber right back out there for the 8th in a one-run game and he can't get a fucking out.
Wow, I missed this. What a fantastic play. He should be pumped up, that was a hell of a bunt.
Still waiting on Yahoo to update Gattis' eligibility....I have nowhere to put Gattis until he gets the eligibility, and I feel like Vogt isn't shitty enough that I can just drop him and hold my breath.
For the love of all that is good and holy can I please get a fucking pitchers' duel at Coors tonight, or at least a regular old 4-3 kind of game. My opponent is up to 26-9-28-1-.413 after *three days*. I have four more days of this ass whooping to endure. /checks starters A. Simon (1-5) vs. E. Butler (2-2) YEEEEEEARRRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHH
I like that trade, with Keuchel not being all that great so far. Holliday has been warming up....he tends to really go off after the ASB. People freaked about Holliday being all OBP and no power after 2015, but he was getting pitched around and then he got hurt twice.
I don't know whether there's statistical proof or not, but CW has always been that knuckleballers are high variance. When they're on, they're unhittable; when they're off, they're doomed. That being said, it's hard not to be impressed with Wright so far.
"F. Freeman walked. F. Freeman to second on K. Jansen's fielding error" lolwut? Did he kick the throw back from the catcher? edit: now it says throwing error.
Conflicted about whether to start Kluber vs KC. My opponent has Fernandez vs Mets, and I'm in line to squeak out a win provided Fernandez doesn't throw something like 7+ perfect innings. I'm winning all the pitching cats except ERA, and I'm getting crushed on the batting side of the ball (except for SB, thank you Buxton). In wins/losses, I'm 3-1 and he's 1-3, so the W/L cats are safe. The category I'm most concerned about is WHIP (I'm only ahead by .13). I'm ahead in Ks by 14, which is probably too much to ask from even Fernandez. But Kluber has alternated between being dominant and combustible this year, and if he gets shelled again, it could cost me the whole damn week. Part of me thinks I should just play it safe, part of me worries that Fernandez is going to go off and I'll need a counter. Both games start at the same time and I don't particularly like any of the streaming options from later in the day.
Off Herrera, no less. 1st one off Herrera all year.
&lt;3 Mike Shannon
Start one: Buxton vs Conley, J. Ramirez @ Miley.
I drafted him and waited out the early injury. Then I watched him do nothing but make outs for a week, so I dropped him because I needed a streaming spot. That was three weeks ago and I haven't looked back. His peripherals are not reassuring. I don't think he's getting unlucky. I suspect he's nursing an injury, and he plays for frigging Dusty Baker, who is absolutely capable of just running him out there in the leadoff spot to make outs for months.
This is one of the arguments against the DH. If Ventura has to stand in there and get thrown at, maybe that'll keep him from headhunting in the future.
Yep. I think it's telling that Perez didn't make more of an effort to grab Machado. It's not like he sprinted to the mound, he was kind of limping a little.
Anybody think Shaw should be faded against Bumgarner?
Holliday is the better bet. He's got ~50 points of career OBP on Peralta.
Both, if at all possible....
Being hung over shouldn't take 8 mph or so off your fastball. I can't imagine how they didn't see this during warmups though.
6.2 IP, 5 H, 1 BB, 1 ER, 9 K, takes a 1-0 loss cause his offense got 4-hit at home by fucking Chris Rusin &amp; co., and somehow that's Maeda's fault? I streamed him last week and kept him cause I figured home vs COL was a pretty good bet, so I feel yr pain, but come on....
Sano owner here, I would absolutely trade him straight up for Zorilla. I had him last year and I've been kicking myself for not fighting for him harder in the draft this year. On the second trade, again I think I like your side better anyway. Villar isn't going to hit like this all year, and (without looking anything up) I think I'd rather have Ross over Gray just because I'm wary of Gray's health.
When Leonys Martin comes off the DL, I'm going to have to make a choice....drop one of him, Buxton, J. Ramirez, or possibly Carter or McGee.
Sounds like a good deal to me. Holliday is a very good bet to run a higher OBP than he has right now, especially in the 2nd half. I like Ross but I don't think he's anything special.
So is Leonys Martin coming off the DL today or not? It says the one rehab game they were going to give him got rained out.
Absolutely. Rosenthal is running a BABIP of .341 (mostly from the dreaded Non-Save Situations) so his rates look worse than they should. Allen's BABIP, meanwhile, is .220.
The fact that they're being so aggressive with bringing him back is encouraging. If they thought there was a re-injury risk, you'd think they would be more cautious.
