Would you guys want a reset if you lose matches due to the horizontal sniper view glitch?
"Progress in our world will be progress towards more pain." "Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards."
As a medical device R&amp;D engineer, I do not see this happening within 15 years. What I think is more likely to happen, is that by 2030 we will start to see technologies that allow us to augment and *replace* certain functions of the brain, heart, muscle, bone, eye, etc. and our senses. I do not see based on the amount of published work we have currently, how we're going to be able to backup our brains by 2030 when we're barely able to replace all 5 of our senses in any acceptable means possible. The area of research that should be leading the way is Cybernetics, but I don't see or hear anything going on in this field besides 3D printing of cellular scaffolds.
Working late interferes with the hamster's eating schedule.
I like how its so quiet before it kills something.
&gt; Unlock Swingfire, Arty, or the Leopard, then play normally. Yeah, with the Swingfire lets just camp in base with the 505m view range and not help our team. Seriously, this needs to stop.
I don't know if this is glitch, but you can't use it to go up to the next tier. I've used the global currency to free xp pass the 3rd gun and APCR round on the LAV-300. Any sane person would do if this were open beta.
No one would play swingfire if they nerf it so it has nothing over the BMP-2. At least the BMP-2 has a gun and ATGM.
This is so true. Having lived in Japan 19+ years, the business culture is highly inefficient. Saying something as simple as: "Let's postpone the meeting at 10AM due to the lack of attendees" could take a full essay via e-mail.
Don't forget the 25% view range bonus that AFV's have when stationary. That's what made the swingfire with the 505m view range OP. It was practically able to stay still at 100% camo with a view range of 631 meters.
Donald/Palin 2016 ?
More like it'll become a mandatory public option that people need to subscribe to even if you're non-christian.
I've used HEP on the LAV-300 when both HEAT and AP doesn't go through tanks frontally on higher tiers. The RoF sort of makes up for the lower damage and helps track them too.
That's where all the Flesh Pounds come from.
Translation: Supreme Court upholds botched executions as not cruel and unusual punishment.
&gt; Some 300 protesters took part in the rally to denounce fascism and protest against Abe's administration. Only 300? What kind of "rally" is this?
Ask for a mobile-tank for starters.
The issue I had was more about the fact that you have to pay extra for each additional state in TurboTax. If the software claims to be able to get you a better deal than filing it on your own, then it should provide that much more value if you're paying extra. Otherwise, it should be free or give you a warning that part-time/non-residents might not be calculated correctly for state returns. This was a big problem when I had to file IL, DE, and MD, while working for a company owned in NJ during one tax year. I had to do the DE &amp; IL non-resident tax returns on my own, since Turbotax only allowed me to do a full-year resident tax return (despite me telling it I only lived part-time), which would have forced me to pay $600+ in state taxes. When I filed the returns on my own, I got about $200 back and lost $40 to the worthless DE/IL Turbotax state tax returns.
[Relevant](http://ctrlzstudio.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/atttmobile.jpg)
I did a research paper in high school on the whole dispute. What's so funny to this day, is that if you asked people in 1989 on the likelihood of East Germany reunifying with the West vs. the islands being transferred to Japan, people would have sworn the latter would occur first and yet, it's been 27 years since the collapse of the Berlin Wall. Going back on-topic, the reason why Japan wants a formal peace treaty with Russia to end World War II, is due to an agreement both countries made in 1956. The [1956 Soviet-Japanese Joint Declaration](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuril_Islands_dispute#1956_Soviet-Japanese_Joint_Declaration) states that if a peace treaty were to be signed, Iturup and Kunashiri will remain under Russian sovereignty while Shikotan and Habomai will be under Japanese control. So in essence, the framework of splitting the 4 disputed islands is already in place. However, there have been a couple of factors on both sides of why the dispute is still a big problem. Reasons why Japan did not/couldn't accept the 1956 joint agreement: * By accepting a peace treaty, Japan will automatically lose any future claim to Iturup and Kunashiri. * The US intervened in the original deal, stating that if Japan concedes to giving up the islands then it should lay claim to Okinawa, which was already occupied at the time by the US. * The US foreign policy at the time was a policy of containment against the threat of Communism, and any resolution of conflict between Japan and the USSR would be detrimental to that policy. Japan was seen as a bulwark against Communism as shown by the number of military bases and operations originating from Japan. * The dispute to some Japanese nationalists has been ongoing fuel for claiming the victimization of Japan during WWII, being stabbed in the back by the breach of the Soviet-Japanese Neutrality pact, the seizure of the islands after August 15th 1945, and Japanese POWs that were left behind in the Soviet Union. * The ongoing dispute solidifies the need for a US presence, due to a on-going threat of Soviet aggression. Reasons why the Soviet Union did not/couldn't accept the 1956 joint agreement: * The oceans around the islands are a strategic resource to Russia, with it separating the Sea of Okhotsk from the Pacific Ocean. During the Cold War, nuclear subs were stationed there to launch potential warheads against the US. * The ocean is rich in marine life, due to the islands being in a location where cold and warm currents meet. * If Russia were to lose territories occupied at the end of WWII, the US should also lose its claim of occupying Okinawa. * If Russia "gives back" territories to Japan, there could be a wave of demands from Eastern Bloc countries. * Over 2 generations of Russians lived and died on the islands, with many buried on its soil. * The islands are a matter of national pride and winning the war on the eastern front. * There was still some distrust of the Japanese, with Stalin in WWII comparing the surprise attack on Port Arthur in 1904 to that of 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor.
For a moment, I thought the spider was multiplying by binary fission.
I'm fine with this as long as there's a Martian Combiner Mech that can fire rocket punches. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P7HQeSFkr7Q
Broken link?
Don't forget the other naming system: Gamma, Delta, Epsilon, Zeta, Theta, and Iota, etc.
You mean sea-monkeys?
