In my experience in Squirrel Hill and Shadyside the cars with tickets usually have "Alumni" stickers on them, or those stick figure families. I think more often than not it's the people who can afford $30 to not have to move their cars, not college students with little to no liquid assets.
&gt;Never owned a single Apple product. I knew that was coming as soon as you mentioned Apple.
For those who don't know the list of Gap brands: * Gap (+Baby Gap, Gap for Her, etc.) * Banana Republic * Old Navy * Athleta * INTERMIX
&gt;if you're thinking gf marital Whoa. Let's not be hasty here.
I figured that one out the hard way. The shame.
This started out exactly how my best friend and his fiancée started dating. But of course there's the fiancée thing in his case.
I change my own oil but I'd have to go look, just like I have to check the recommended tire pressure every time I put air in them.
I was joking about "marital" meaning having to do with marriage, as opposed to what I expect you meant which was "material".
Blue white pink horizontal stripes. I think it's a thing that should exist for completeness but understandably there isn't a huge demand (and likely some active resistance to) it.
Nope that's where you play Russian roulette with one of those T-shirt cannons they use at baseball games.
Person of Interest. The commercials sucked, but once a friend sat me down to stared watching I was immediately hooked.
The concept of a public government office not having public contact information baffles me. In the US (well Pennsylvania at least) I have the right to know which office cubicle a certain public servant sits in alongside a floor plan of the building, not to mention their email and desk phone number.
I would expect an appropriate book and licensing deal would bet you much more than the initial $5 million.
The only thing worse than an Apple fanboy (which I'm not) is a Windows fanboy, although I'm not even sure you're that. What I do gather is that you have some personal vendetta against Apple. Yes the Apple mice suck and always have, but the trackpads do not. And that is based on having used trackpads on HP, Asus, Dell, and Lenovo laptops. The trackpad on my MBP is far and away better than any other offering I've seen. My point is, had the OP asked for advice on Apple mice peripherals your comment would be relevant. OP did not ask that though. It's as if someone asked how to refill the tires on their car and I responded that their current tires are shit so they ought to buy Goodyear but really the Porsche they're driving is overpriced for its performance and Camaros are considerably better so they should stop being a stupid Porsche fanboy and buy a proper car. If you behaved that way in real life you'd get punched in the face. I see no reason swapping cars for computers and Reddit for real life should allow you to behave so petulantly.
&gt;until your ignorant *ss showed up. &gt;I don't even take my Mac's out in public anymore because I'm ashamed to be label a queer since Apple went all gay oriented/pride and all that. At least no one needs to take you seriously anymore.
To be fair in an actual emergency situation you do want to be naked to ensure optimal transfer of body heat. This is a treatment for hypothermia, not fever, of course.
Mine curves pretty significantly. I have to be basically planking on the toilet tank and the counter to achieve proper aim.
He would be a pretty decent president too I think, if he weren't a Tea Party puppet. Sad to say.
&gt; Genesis Khan She has an invisible touch, auf dein Wohl Mädchen hey Mädchen ho?
Also elasticity indicates a return to the initial shape, whereas plasticity involves permanent deformation of the material.
Or do your appropriate civic duty and don't block a public parking space. I swear I moved here from Philly and about the only thing both cities can agree on is being selfish, entitled, and narrow minded asshats about street parking. Well that and you guys call hoagies the right thing so yinz aren't all bad.
I think you misinterpreted that part of the article. He was giving examples of what neural nets *can* do, but this particular program has only ever seen Magic cards. The tendency to make up words is entirely a feature of the neural net.
The 6+ already has a 1080p display.
With music and content and Apple Pay though it's not Apple dragging their feet. Anything that requires negotiations with other companies takes time, probably much more than you realize, and the labels are sometimes totally separate entities in different countries. Banks are even more divided.
Also the mood playlists have not been available on Spotify since "day one". In fact only in the last year or two did they become a standard feature. They were part of a "Spotify App" that got incorporated (presumably by purchase) once Spotify saw that they were popular.
