Who will ever forget the big 4 legendary qb draft of Eli Manning, Phillip Rivers, Big Ben, and...JP Losman....
Maybe Canadians just hate Kevin Love
He wasnt that bad. Hes still a Dalton line qb
The real answers are at the bottom of the page
Shit youre onto something. I hope LeSean doesnt demand a trade because of this
The whole universe is.
Those special classes or hot yoga in general? Hot yoga is actually a great way to lose weight
Nope, theyre legal, just banned by most sport leagues
http://media.giphy.com/media/9g66oyN8ZwizK/giphy.gif
The newest product from Apple ILube!
Yep. He tops out at 85
As a dual citizen, America is so much fatter but then again most of the time Im in some redneck part of upstate NY, Florida and Kentucky
That would be wicked if their was a pitcher that was equally skilled with both arms. Realistically if said pitcher wanted to, they could pitch 2x as many games as anyother pitcher and pitch twice a week. Tommy John on left arm? Just pitches with his right. If he was good with both, lets say Mark Buehrle level, he might get the biggest contract for a pitcher
They hate the Bruins to so it just doesnt make sense to support a Boston team
Dont forget Canada We produced the last 2 first rounders
hmmm, Im Canadian and its one of our top sports. Im sure Lithuanians, Argentinians, Venezualans, Brazilians, Spaniards, Australians, Chinese, Philipinoes, and Greeks would disagree with you. Unless you dont count our contries as world nations...
layups?
Damn, I hope they bring back Wrestlemania to the SkyDome
maybe
Id argue this Cavs team without LBJ is worst than this years Heat team. This is almost the same Cavs team as last year that had a shitty record then Lebron came in. The Heat just barely made the playoffs and showing they had a competitive team after having discover Whiteside
I was thinking probably Amir Johnson but I think youre right on this one
Yes. The Spurs got eliminated in the 1st round this year and one can only expect regression from the Spurs. The Spurs are still the better team, short term, no ones arguing that but they play in the west. Put him on the Celtics with tons of upside and draft picks Id say even in the short term the Celtics can easily become a middle seed in the East. Who would you say has a better chance of winning, Spurs with LMA vs any top 6 team in the west or Boston with LMA vs teams like the Raptors, Bucks, Brooklyn, Wizards. I think Boston is better for the future but I also think they have a better chance making a long playoff run in the short term against the shitty teams in the East
Magic Mike's Jays talk is the best
Id say so. OP makes lame jokes
Here I was thinking I was unique...
