Nobody takes the world cup away from america right when the American team was starting to do well and Americans were starting to get interested
Ive noticed the best way to make a paint job look good is to make it clean, which is extremely hard to do with white. Excellent job sir
Any serious defense of tebow,
Never forgive roberts for taking streater away from me So walford
Idk man first putin and now NK? I think its bad when ur enemies want a certain guy
Afc-nfc? How fucking boring
The amount of people who avoid there own insurance like the plague on this sub lol
Meh its OTA's
As someone who has worked in warehouse inventory, I call bullshit
Oh hey thats where I live! A few months back there was a big fight when someones dad showed up. From what I observed from the 14th floor it looked like he wasn't very happy that his white daughter was involved with a black man. Anyway so he made a scene, some fists started flying, security destroyed daddy and dragged him away. All the while being taunted by drunk black dudes. (which was hilarious). Daughter was also crying and screaming "how could you". Strangest thing was that dad was dressed in pool attire.
Esports broadcasting in general is a joke. Its a lot of amateur hour because they dont actually have the budgets to do the spectacle the way the audience has begun to demand it be done. Think about it the nfl has 52 million different sponsors and hundreds of commercials per game. Most esports tournaments have computer component companies and blizzard ones in particular basically rerun those commercials. The reason you see a lot of problems is they only have these sets for 1 or 2 days then they go away. Nothing is permanent and that breeds production problems.
For people wondering why "management doesn't just fix it" it's because nurses have a position of power. Something like this which is an epidemic would likely cause a "rebellion" among the nurses and would basically require numerous hirings and firings which is a problem when peoples lives are at stake.
Ehhh i just watched jurrasic park yesterday; alot of this BEST CGI EVEN TODAY talk is just nonsense. What jurrasic park did do well is realize that cgi looks fake so they did everything they could.to.minimize that by adding in other things to obscure the viewers line of site. However one of the most cringe worthy moments is when the games.keeper gets jumped.and they're just holding a palm in front of the camera while the dude writhes around on the ground with a raptor.
As a Raiders fan I'm worried that Del Rio has what it takes. Early on last year I was worried that he was going to squander the first real talent Oakland has had in a decade. The squad he coached in Denver turned into the best in the NFL after he left and another coach came in. There were a few times last year where he looked like he was in over his head and then he made some interesting depth chart decisions. But we'll see how it works this year, he certainly has the swagger of a "raiders coach".
Always gonna be a lot of love for a gunslinger, leading the league in INT's be damned.
ugh we have paper tigers written all of us. We're everyones hot sleeper pick because JAX is too obvious and easy. Getting overhyped to the max. note: I love our team, its the best raiders squad in over a decade, but some of these people are expecting a little much from an unproven team with one 7-9 season under their belt.
&gt; This guy said this about Debose and Valles but no one else has seen that. I need a link that that's what he does all day And then u get hit in the knee, but gotta perform the next day, and your choice is a pill that gives you the runs and make you have cotton mouth all day, an injection that gives you the shakes when it wears off, or weed. Guess how many NFL players choose the weed?
As someone who owns 10 actual blood knights(I bought 1 and got the second pack because the first had so many finecast problems). They are absolutely not worth it. They dont even look good. You're better off kit bashing dragon princes and black knights.
Wtf are you talking about? Football isn't some arcane secret you can only learn by playing; you can definitely identify terms, deficiencies etc etc. Besides its not like ex players and coaches are better. Even current players and coaches do dumb stuff and think dumb stuff all the time.
I figured it belongs since the heroes discussed it on the latest pod
Yes but you don't have to be a player/coach to get what you are referring to. But this standard you are applying to PFF can be applied to every stat. After all JJ Watt led 2015 in sacks edging out khalil mack by 2.5 but JJ Watt is allowed every single play to rush against the weakest point in the offensive line bar none. Khalil and 3rd place Ezekial Ansah have to stay on their side of the ball and sometimes drop back into coverage. Your post addresses a problem with stats period, has nothing to do with PFF. For example the very much loved by every nfl fan Chris Kluwe (dat sarcasm tho) claimed that he was told by his coaches to kick shorter punts, then they later used his lower stats as justification for letting him go.
People who like warcraft will have this be a 10/10 people who dont will be 6-7/10. The 1/10 scores and battlefield earth comparisons are mind boggling
Because this guys being silly. The movie isnt trying to look "real" its trying to look like warcraft which it does in spades. Seems like there's a lot of people who are pretty jelly that they don't get it.
I actually think people expected the entire lotr trilogy. Which is the nature of memories but isnt fair considering tht its only 1 movie. That being said id say wc1 holds up to fellowship alone
As someone who works in logistics fucking fine, truck drivers are the worst.
