My SO and I... Sorry, I, like beeg. There is also tblop.com
When you can just cum without any fears, is great. We're trying to have a kid too and it's WONDERFUL stuff. No worries about "Oh no, the pill, or condom, blah blah".
Her: I, will never tell you no Me: What? Her: If you want sex, I will never tell you no Me: What if it's 2am and you're sick Her: I will never tell you no Wifed her
If she'll say yes to having sex with me? Seriously though, I don't know if there is one thing. I am impressed if a woman has some knowledge in a passion of mine and it's a passion of hers. My wife and I are both really big Final Fantasy fans and we actually met because of that. She is a nerd deep down who likes nerd things.
Why do some cats like it but then you have cats that leave your arm bloody? My wife had to wash our two kittens two days ago and you'd think we were trying to coat them in lava with rabies.
Upvote because Penguins.
Uh, are you fucking retarded? Those are power/phone/etc lines.
You got a what? How long you had that problem? What's your man got to do with me?
Goddamn that's awesome. Love the old school look.
Wow that is AWESOME!
My favorite part is the hands. I can't do hands to save my life.
One of my very favorite characters overall and right now. (Sorry Harley, it's Marvel, not DC) It's nothing like 7ofDiamonds and Co [But i'm trying to get better](http://imgur.com/V2oYhKd)
I'd pay $20/month with current content. I have so many shows on there I want to watch, it's nuts. My current addiction is American Horror Story. Recently burned through My Name is Earl, and going through Cutthroat Kitchen as well. The FoodNetwork and DIY/HGTV shows will probably keep me entertained for another month. Still haven't watched House of Cards season 2 yet, my wife and I burned through Scandal (great show).
The drawing is great and all but the "Vrooom" is what sold it for me.
From what I understood of it as that the kid herself wanted to do it and was told numerous times if she didn't want to do it anymore she could quit any time.
Well, there are some vicious rumors going around, not sure if true but she apparently left the guy she was dating/married to in the show and it was rumored she was dating another guy. Only problem was he was a registered sex offender from 2004. The 10 year old he was convicted of molesting? The moms older daughter.
Fact 1: All of that in the picture is fucking delicious Fact 2: None of that belongs at a fucking BBQ
I went into a restaurant last year (IHOP) and ate very well. Bill comes and I whip out the wallet and... no check card. No cash, nada. Thankfully I was going in there 3 times a week so the owner was like "You can go get your card, it's fine". I'd left it on the desk in my hotel room because I was ordering some stuff online. Forgot to put back in my wallet. Now I just have it memorized.
Is this covering games that were previously purchsed? I kept having issues with The Walking Dead and just never played it again. However it was purchased on 12/31/12
The solo vocal track illustrates a point though. It has the highs of classical, lows of rap, the vocals, the mix of all 3 with Neil Youngs song, the constant sound of low, mid, high and everything in between. Katy Perrys seemed more of a mix of the other genres with the lows of bass, the vocals of Vega, and the high claps but would be of better available quality than Neil Youngs older song.
Isn't most music now done with VBR over CBR? CBR320 would just huge for the sake of being huge.
What's worse is with the smile they'll actually say "Smiles at you".
I love how he tells the story of how cops start whispering to others "This guy is smart". The Judge pretty much backs down because he refused to give him jurisdiction over him.
Did we ever get a follow up on this?
Good Will Hunting is one of those films that I can watch after just having watched it. Cabin in the Woods, this was a movie night movie here and I groaned when it won. I had a streak of movie nights going though so I was like "Screw it, I'll watch" because whatever. I had seen the previews a little and hear it was really good but it looked INCREDIBLY stupid. If you've said the same things to yourself. Watch this movie. This is one of the best movies I've seen in the past 10 years. I was absolutely SHOCKED at how good this movie was and the "horror" genre isn't one I really care for.
