Just got to TH9 last week and I've gone with: AQ (as far as you can) Research, Camps, Spells (and now I have no elixir). AQ is a big boost on offense, but she's pretty weak from the get go. Research gets you better troops, but you also want as many as possible for your next set of raids. I'd take a slightly small TH8 sized offense, if everyone was TH9 sized ... but that takes weeks. In the mean time, I'd rather have the size of TH9 offenses (at TH8 strength) as it could be enough to two or three star a base.
Better than Payton? Yes. Better than Malone? Are you kidding? Malone was a freaking beast, right up until he got hurt. Had he not gotten hurt, the Lakers probably could have beaten the Pistons.
Start with 12oz curls. Move your way up to two 12oz curls. Soon, 16oz curls are in your future. Complete the regime with two 16oz curls.
Ballmer, ultimately, is a sales guy. Ballmer took the helm of a well entrenched engineering based company and basically rode the coat tails of what Gates left behind. During Ballmer's tenure, he did increase the value of the company (share value went up plenty), but he left a huge engineering mess behind with a number of his policies. Now that he's out of the way, MS is making some good inroads on engineering-y things that a lot of users want in this day and age. Let's hope that this updated focus will get some better products out the door and into the hands of more people.
Bumping this unit, as I'm using the same with 300/20Mb (TWC). One feature that isn't implemented: port range forwarding. It's a known requested feature and will come in a future firmware. One thing I can't get "quite right": QoS, without a performance hit. Even at 300/20Mb, I would like to put flagged traffic at lower priority. Every time I have gotten this "working", the performance hit seems quite large.
Nearly 50% in downstream, about 1% upstream. Their forums confirm that QoS doesn't use HW offloading, so QoS is a bit too CPU heavy. Considering the overall speeds coming in, QoS likely isn't a BIG deal for me. If you're getting FTTH, then the hit looks quite large.
A kiwi coming to eat all the tastiest food in LA? [Pretty much](http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/077/076/a1.jpg)
Best way I ever killed myself: flying solo in a scout and suiciding with the guided missile. It was near the end of the Neblan Flats (less than 30 seconds), with CTF. I'm flying the bird solo and a bike is approaching, I fly toward the bird (making a dive) and fire the missile. Instead of pulling up and watching the carnage, I just kept flying toward the bike. Next thing I know, I kill myself with my own missile.
Who says California wants low/unskilled labor. Before computers were being built in CA, plenty of clothing was designed and built in CA (denim is still heavily here). This manufacturing long left CA in the late 80s/early 90s and there likely won't be any push to get most of that back. The only major "plant" I'm aware of in CA is the Tesla one and I'm sure every CA representatives will sign a blank check to Mr. Musk to keep most of it in CA. California has a very unique situation where we can attract all levels of skill. Between our colleges and our companies, there is a heavy demand on highly skilled labor to design "things" -- there simply isn't a huge demand to build those "things". So many other countries have already mastered the art of building, why does CA need it back? The big companies that have left CA include big car companies: Nissan and Toyota. Nissan left to Tennessee -- not only for the low taxes, but because the manufacturing plants were already in that state (moving to Nissan also cut hundreds to thousands of jobs). Toyota is moving their main HQ to Texas, but none of their R&amp;D. They will also likely lose ~30-50% of their work force by moving (contractors to full time is nearly 2:1, they won't move any contractors). Between the tax savings of simply getting out of CA, the tax breaks that Texas will give and the sheer number of people that won't relocate (several of my neighbors work at Toyota, they aren't going), you're looking at massive savings by simply changing their PO. What I'm trying to say is: looking strictly at companies leaving California for Texas is a misnomer. You need to dig into the details as to why these companies are leaving and understand that its not JUST lower wages and tax breaks.
&gt; Of course it does, indirectly, that all trickles down. This has been an economic plan since the 80s and it has been proven that it doesn't work. &gt; You start taking large numbers of incomes out of California and you'll start seeing demand falling across the various markets, lessening the various resource demands, including unskilled labor. You're actually listing something that Californians *should* want: get more people to leave the state. People leaving from the CA (specifically in congested LA, Bay Area) would increase the number of available houses. With a surplus of housing, rents would have to be decreased to keep them filled. Los Angeles is very expensive, with no plans to build vertically and we lack affordable housing. Getting enough people to move out of LA would help reduce the costs for everyone, in LA. The numbers of jobs and people leaving from CA are in the four and maybe five figure range. CA has a population of ~18 million people and it would have to take *many* more people to leave CA before any changes were made for business taxes or incentives. Giving companies a tax break once will make them threaten to do it again -- you have to accept that if they want to move, they *will* move.
Demand does it all -- it's Econ 101. Increasing the minimum will put more money into the pockets of people. More money in their pockets (that isn't offset with higher expenses) will give them more money to spend. &gt; Shouldn't the average wage be higher than the current minimum if the demand were already there? If not, I would think that raising would only lessen demand and create a surplus of workers. The average wage *is* higher than the minimum, it's part of the definition differences between minimum and average. You're looking at the raise in minimum wage purely from a business perspective. Think about the situation if you're in the shoes of someone making the minimum -- you have MORE to spend. YOU create a higher demand, NOT the business. Now that YOU are demanding more of something, businesses will try to cater to your demands. If one businesses can't handle the demand, more will follow. Let's also remember that the minimum wages is for LA City and for businesses with &gt;=25 people. If you opened a taco restaurant (we can always use more) and are employing 25 people, your business sounds like it's healthy and thriving. Mom and pop shops that have less than 25 employees should be welcoming this sort of increase, as now they can have new customers available because there will be more demand. &gt; but I thought an increased number of businesses is what creates the demand, then in turn pulling up the wage. The opposite is actually true. Businesses satisfy a demand. If there are lots of businesses in the area, what's stopping them from lowering the wages? You increase wages because you have to hire people to supply demand. If you're over saturated in the ability to supply the demand, you don't need to pay high wages anymore and can easily let people go. If you want to push your analogy in the other direction: why not open a high end wedding cake shop in the middle of the lowest income city? You've now created business that can pay good wages (as your prices are high), but there isn't any demand in the area for your cakes with the high cost. It would make no economical sense for this, but that's where your analogy can go. (all analogies pushed to their extreme will fail)
For any and all encounters against birds, planes, light armor and infantry: you should be equipping the minigun. The only time I would ever consider equipping the cannons is if I'm dedicated against armor (splash is nice against infantry).
&gt; I’ve been trying to understand why Tesla doesn’t offer the P85 (non-D) any more Tesla's consolidation of having dual motors on all their cars is better their for manufacturing and R&amp;D -- fewer parts, the assumption can be made going forward. I'm not a car engineer, but the future for electrical vehicles will exist with at least two motors and possibly up to four (isn't the Mercedes beast with four?). With two motors, they both could be smaller than the original Model S' motor and still have the same amount of acceleration. I'd be shocked if the Model X and Model 3 come without dual motors, as it's really the best way to reduce the size of each motor, while keeping the acceleration.
Model 3 will likely benefit more from having dual motor, than without. Instead of having one really large motor (as with the model S), you can get away with two smaller motors that will still be snappy enough for a sedan to power a 0-60 time in sub 6 seconds (a "sporty" sedan). Remember, the Model 3 will likely come somewhere 20-30% overall smaller, so anything to further reduce weight will be desired.
[Single motor is already gone](http://my.teslamotors.com/models/design) With the launch of the 70D model, all shipping rides are now dual motor.
If she just started and isn't far dilated, you have time for at least a bucket and possibly 9 holes.
This was such a deadly combo in BF3, but I really don't see it often enough in BF4.
Bingo. This. In BF3, you could get a soflam up to cover roughly half of the map and someone with a JAV could cover the ENTIRE map. This combo was too powerful and BF4 feels far too weak!
Mad Men, Band of Brothers, Community and House of Cards.
SRAW was simply too good at everything. It could: 1. Hip fire. Plenty of damage via hip fire, made it viable against infantry. 2. Laser lock. Someone has a laser paint out and you could nail it with ease. 3. Slower movement made it easier to control, especially over long distances. This single rocker launcher basically was almost as strong as RPG/SMAW, had lock on capabilities like Stinger/IGLA/JAV, it provided no warning when it was incoming to any vehicle AND it could easily turn 180 degrees (if you played Lockers, people would spam the TV across three corners to basically right behind themselves). The nerf to the SRAW had made it more difficult to hit birds from large distances. I've had a better time with the spring patch and the SRAW, mostly due to the speed increase.
Scouts are not the all powerful beast they were in BF3: 1. Counter measure cool down times are nearly 3x what they were. 2. Disability hits are crushing and happen once an AA lands. 3. Mini guns no longer damage armor, so you have to avoid them at ALL costs. 4. Repair time has drastically been increased. You need two repair engineers to be the same speed as one engineer in BF3. Let's list all the ways to remove the Scout: 1. AA missiles. You need more than one, but dumb pilots are EASY to remove if you have two AA missiles. 2. Tanks. Sabot is your friend. 3. Lasers + JAV 4. RPG/SMAW The Scout bird is only really effective in maps with heavy amounts of cover. Once you get into Dam or Golmund, the birds are way less effective. I am both a pilot and a remover of these birds -- if I'm not flying in one, I'm quickly removing whatever is up in the sky.
The ones that go 54-2 are ones that are utilizing team play with at least a single repair guy and usually a second. Scout piloting is hard. Living in a scout takes both piloting, situational awareness and knowing when to GTFO. How about all the tank videos with the same kill steaks? Every one of them have both a pilot and gunner, usually having a repair guy right next to them as well -- why are you asking for tanks to also get the nerf hammer? Piloting is difficult. Living in those birds is even MORE difficult. The only maps that have insane kill streaks are the ones with copious cover. Get those birds out in the open and they are very easy to remove from the battlefield. If piloting was so easy to get those massive kill streaks, everyone would do it.
Tee off before 7AM and it will only be 5 hours! Regular there, a great course.
Mostly straight forward course, but a lot of bunkers.
Just about every time Don goes and does "Dick things", he ends up getting hurt. Hitchhiker couple? He takes a roofie, they steal his wallet. In the latest series, his car breaks down, he donates money and the locals beat him the F up. There is a sense of safety in NYC, with Don. He's respected, he's well known, his chiseled face is something to behold and it's well recognized. Don belongs in Gotham, he doesn't belong anywhere else but there. As soon as Dick shows up, he's bound to get slapped back down to where he belongs -- at the bottom. Don't affinity for picking up hitchhikers is a reflection of what he initially felt -- alone, without a cause.
