When you guys fire Crean, can you start an Indiana-Mizzou pipeline with Thomas Bryant? Thanks in advance.
The misuse of quotation marks in pointing out their spelling error doesn't reflect well on you.
Or just look at her eyes.
Compliance doesn't sell tickets.
In addition to that, even if you could "fix" them with counseling, they still have to live in the world with a body and mind that don't match, which means they'll always be some kind of an outcast. A trans woman with male anatomy trying to get fitted for new lingerie? Awkward. A trans man having to sit to pee? Also weird. Those small, daily reminders that you don't quite fit in basically ensure therapy will be a lifelong necessity for a lot of people. Yeah, they can love the body they have, but they can't make everyone else accept it and can't change that the world isn't designed for them. Surgery eliminates that.
Darrell Arthur says hi.
Aww, shucks. Roy didn't do anything that wasn't in the best interest for those kids. *sniff*
He knew exactly as much as he wanted to know.
There's a moment when you can see the treat up his sleeve. If the magic was lost, it was due to shitty magicians.
Am I the only one who thought LeBron's foot was on the line on his three to tie it at 96? I never saw a replay, but I would've loved to.
Really can't apply that to Marlo. He's more ambitious than that. More big picture. No, he's not a true suit-wearing businessman, but he lacks Avon's parochial view of his corners. He's more of a tyrannical amalgamation of the various pieces on the chess board, park Avon, part String and a dash of Prop Joe. Even part Greek.
Not that I'm disagreeing with your overall point, but why would you expect the LA Times to respond to a random person calling in about this?
Ordering a drink on a plane is not public speaking. Being nervous when talking to a large group of people is normal. Being nervous when engaging in a few seconds of one-on-one social interaction is not.
Or answering with "no, I played fine."
This is why LeBron will never match Jordan IMO.
I grew up in Missouri, so nothing resembling a local team to root for. I was a Sonics fan starting in the mid-’90s because I had an uncle who lived there and I thought he was cool. And Payton/Kemp were badasses. I was also a Magic fan because of Shaq/Penny. Around 2000, after those two duos split, I started following the Lakers (Shaq/Kobe; I have a soft spot for big dudes who try to kill the rim, especially when they play alongside a dynamic guard), but I still rooted for Seattle first (not that I had much access to their games in Missouri at the time). I did not follow the Sonics to OKC. Fuck the Thunder. I'm eagerly waiting the return of the NBA to Seattle. I'd hate to steal a team from another city…except Sacramento. They took the Kings from KC, which would have been my natural team growing up anyway. In the meantime, I'm still with the Lakers. But I also live in LA now, and they have two players on the roster from Mizzou, so it works out well for me. I also find myself casually rooting for teams with cool old-school style uniforms. Golden State, for example. A lot of teams are going to uniforms with that retro kinda feel, which is way better than the late '90s/early 2000s crap teams like Golden State and Seattle came up with.
Unless you're an environmental expert, there's just not much room to criticize here IMO. You're assuming they're downplaying a major issue because they have some interest in keeping tourist beaches open. Honestly, that seems a bit ridiculous to me. They have nothing to gain from shutting down a story about a major public health issue. In fact, they'd likely want to do the opposite. If they had credible sources confirming it was a public health risk but nothing was being done, they'd e all over that. That's the kind of story that can build a journalist's reputation and help a career take off. That's te kind of reporting that draws national attention to a publication and starts conversations about awards.
True, but Andy Lee took a step back last year. He's still good, but you have to wonder if he's still elite. A reliably above-average punter is valuable, but is it worth nearly $4 million on a team that's clearly rebuilding? I don't think so. Lee's value to the 49ers was far lower than what it was when he signed that contract.
It's possible those people in hazmat suits collected that tar from other beaches as a precaution then determined a broader beach closure was unnecessary at this time. I don't know the answer here, but I guarantee you there are several people at the Times who are all over it. A major newspaper isn't going to respond to every person who calls in, especially when it's relating to a major story they're already covering.
"I played fine." "So why did you lose?" "Because sometimes things don't go your way. We just need to keep playing our game and we'll be fine."
There are examples of players at every position failing in the NFL. That doesn't mean the Colts should've kept Manning in case Luck was a bust (an extreme example, I know). The truth is te 49ers ain't winning anything next year. That money can be better spent on players who will be part of the long-term future. There is a chance the rookie will blow, but there's also a chance he's really good and really cheap and becomes an essential part of the team for the next decade like Lee before him.
No kidding. A racehorse at top speed covers a lot of ground in two seconds.
Makes a link between Starks and WW seem more likely IMO.
A Skyrim-like game that depicted Robert's Rebellion…I'd buy that.
Gabbert … so goddamn painful. As a Mizzou fan, I've watched him plenty. Capable of such amazing plays, but there's just something lacking. His deep ball is a joke for someone with his arm, and he has zero composure when things break down. So sad.
