But that's not the same as saying all languages don't exist.
Yes, I believe so.
There may be trends by gender or ethnicity whereby due to genetic reasons, different levels of skill or attainment may be seen. This still does not replace individual engagement and observation, but saying something like "ethnicity A is often better than ethnicity B at task C" is not by itself necessarily a meritless assertion.
That's a good point.
My understanding is that compact discs had audio mostly in .wav formats. Sound recorder might be able to help.
I think I'll be in the same country as him over the weekend. I intend to cook us some medium rare steaks and olive oil salad, and then to play a game of Chinese encircle chess against him.
"So I'm thirty five, which means that it's my turn to define my grown up behavior. Now help me get these Peeps into the microwave."
If mockery and abuse are your primary method of peer interaction, I will be looking for reasons not to hang out with you. And your counterargument that "this is just how all guys interact in America" is both demonstrably false and philosophically invalid in its expectation that others passively accept this behavior.
I've only ever seen bad movies with him in them. Maybe I should check out his good work.
I thought about something very similar at the end of Independence Day.
Sounds a bit like a super shady place my friend wandered into. She was told to report them and didn't. I'll PM you.
If World War 2 followed the experience I had with Half Life 2, it would be technologically superior to its precursor, but it would feature a clutter of unengaging personalities, it would assume a lengthy tedious backstory I neither understood nor care about, and I would lose interest halfway through against an apparently insurmountable enemy challenge. And everybody else would not understand my lack of interest in it.
...yeah, sounds about right.
One Slavic lady I dated years ago ran into me on the subway recently. I'd actually seen her around a fair bit, but we broke up fairly negatively and she stopped all contact. Because I wanted to respect that, I didn't acknowledge her. One such time she ended up sitting beside me and she got up and changed seats to move away from me. That kind of surprised me. In around March of this year, I was on the subway and I heard a "hello there stranger". I looked over and it was her, with her hair color changed and also thinner. I gave her a compliment on her appearance and said it was nice to see her again, which was both true. We game together occasionally now. She has a boyfriend and I introduced him to the game Chez Geek. They're both fun people and I'm glad to be on friendly terms with them again.
Heh heh... Try again, kid...
Cingular wireless. But they've been split up anyway.
The Thrawn trilogy was amazing. But I found myself rooting much more for Thrawn than for Iblis, Winter, Karrde, or any of the other newly introduced "good guy" characters.
I played the Bioshock games in order of release. I played BS1 when it first came out, then I fell out of touch with the series for a bit. By the time BSI came out, I decided I should catch up and play BS2 first, then Infinite. BS1 and BS2 are great games and I would recommend them to almost anyone. BSI is... different. There's something about it that I'm just not getting into. Part of it could be the level design, which is actually rather linear even though the levels look cosmetically "wide open". Part of it could be the limited vigors and even more straightforward shoot-and-kill gameplay. I found the entire game so far to veer wildly between extremely easy and "multiple deaths before you even figure out the level's geometry" difficult. Most grunt battles are insignificant and tedious. Most boss battles appear to require at least one death just to figure out the parameters. After a few unavoidable resurrection cutscenes, you're back in the fray again. After a few more, Bioshock Infinite throws in a smug little message about how you can change the difficulty at any time. I nearly lost all forward momentum through the game during a Giant Black Dude boss battle. Later, I'm at Lady Comstock's ghost and I've gotten stuck. I can't stay alive long enough to figure out the fight's tactics for myself, and I don't care enough about the alternate-history background, or the riddle of the Bird Statue, or the mystery of Lady Comstock's uterus to keep plugging away at the same boss battle. Comstock's voice actor is especially grating. How this game, and not the first or second, is the best-known title of the series is a mystery to me. Probably because tits.
Another party's over...
RTS: Rise Of Nations Flight sim: TIE Fighter CD TBS: Sid Meier's Alpha Centauri FPS (action): System Shock 2, Deus Ex FPS (stealth): Thief: the Dark Project RPG: The Return of Heracles
I don't listen to live radio or watch current TV these days, so most of my music intake is from Pandora. I like Downtempo music, as well as ambient techno like Time Is Up, Deuter, and Buddha Bar. In terms of composition and musicianship, I love Queen's music. I could listen to the Royal Philharmonic's cover of Innuendo for hours.
My understanding is that China is specifically excluded, and the TPP is part of the "Great Game" in global trade between the USA and PRC. I don't remember where I read it, but there was an indepth analysis of China's outreach to nations around the Pacific Rim, and the pattern suggests that China was aiming to counteract and contain the U.S. gains from the TPP - which would not be indicated if the PRC were part of the talks to begin with. IRL IDK though. The TPP is hardly transparent.
Fair enough - my point being that the TPP does not include China.
Goddammit, Ambassador!
The end of About Schmidt, when Jack Nicholson's character gets the letter back from Africa.
