I feel like these rules are too based off of interpretation. To what extent would it be considered to be expressing excessive profanity? What about the definition of advertisement, or the definition of racism, or most importantly, the definition of "insulting?" Words that may seem insulting to one may not be insulting to others or may seem very insulting to some, due to the way they interpret the statements. Ultimately, these rules are not really definite; the vague definitions weaken these rules.
I've checked the logs, and we're attacking Four Island. Adjust fuel accordingly if needbe.
Just my laptop I guess, thanks for the giveaway :)
Rust please, thanks for the giveaway :)
[Here's a short clip you might enjoy :)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iXYmFqEkCGQ&amp;app=desktop) Thanks for the giveaway :)
Portal is the one game I would show anyone wanting to get into PC gaming. Absolutely try it out.
Humble Bundle and GoG are the other sites that I'd recommend buying from. If possible, I'd recommend buying from them instead of the Steam Store, because Humble Bundle can often get you great games for very cheap prices (and supports charity), and GoG (and often Humble Bundle) offer DRM-free game downloads, meaning that once you buy the games, you get the keep the files.
Rocket League :) If you have that, try out Ori and the Blind Forest. Amazing platformer with a beautiful soundtrack.
Lego Marvel Super Heroes is the Lego game that saved the franchise (I think) so try that out. Lego Batman 3 is basically the DC equivalent of that. Also tried out Lego Jurassic World and it was pretty good. Not as good as Marvel Super Heroes, but still pretty good.
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Rayman Origins please, thanks for the giveaway :)
Played a little bit of that as well, it's decent.
Don't Starve please, thanks for the giveaway :) Received Rocket League and Lethal League from my secret santa this x-mas :)
Doodle God please, thanks for the giveaway :) A husband and wife go to a restaurant. The waiter approaches the table to take their order. "I'll have your biggest, juiciest steak," says the husband. "But sir, what about the mad cow?" asks the waiter. "Oh," says the husband, "she'll order for herself."
Thanks for the giveaway, and happy birthday :)
987, thanks for the giveaway :)
Sanctum: Collection please, 21, thanks for the giveaway :)
21, thanks for the giveaway :)
Indeed it is. He didn't give me anything in THE league though (which I wouldn't have done anything with because Rocket League is waaaay better :) )
Thank you so much, happy holidays :)
Happy birthday :)
[Somewhat related](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpCgqWiTGpo)
Psychonauts is a buck on Steam right now. Amazing game.
Psychonauts is only 1 buck and is absolutely amazing :)
I noticed you don't have the Stanley Parable, it's on sale for about 5 bucks if you want to try that out!
