That one isn't that good, but considering your budget you will have to get lucky to find something better, $100 is not a crazy price for that bike by any means. But you do see nicer bikes being sold for the same amount by owners that don't realise they could get more. Ways to tell this was a bottom of the range bike: Shifters on Stem - All decent quality bikes of this era have the shifters mounted on the downtube Cottered cranks with chainguard - Good quality road bikes of the era (and today) don't come with a chainguard and use a different, more reliable system to attach the cranks. Metal dork disc (the metal disc next to the sprockets) - most better quality bikes of the era don't have a dork disc. General finishing quality of parts - The brake callipers and rear derailleur look cheap and poorly finished compared to what you would see on a more expensive bike. Would also say to go for bikes with modern 700c wheels rather than 27inch, as they will be slightly more recent and have more compatibility with modern parts This is the case for all 70s/80s road bikes, not just Japanese ones
Main principles are to stay loose and anticipate obstacles as /u/MuchUpTimeHours suggests, beginners often ride 'dead sailor' or stiff/locked out arms and legs, hitting stuff like a sack of potatoes. Doing some riding offroad would improve your technique and help teach the importance of weight distribution on the bike.
http://nashville.craigslist.org/bik/5040137405.html - this bike would likely be a good candidate, but it depends how tall you are. You would have to be very tall for the Trek to be worth considering.
&gt;It has been happening a lot lately. So who has been truing the wheels? That's the big question. &gt;I'm not sure if I should buy new rims/tires or save the cash for a new bike. Well that depends, do you like the bike? It's not a bike I would have recommended to anyone back then or now and it was about the very bottom of the Trek range. Whatever, it's not worth spending $150 on new wheels. But cheaper 26" mountain bike wheels are the sort of thing you'd be crazy to buy new, it's the fare of skips/recycle centres/garage sales/Craigslist for a few bucks.
Don't search, just browse/filter in the right category. Searching doesn't work because most people have no idea what they are selling.
There are organisations, the Cats Protection League in particular, which will pay for vets bills for the poorly off and especially for cats which have been adopted/rescued. She would likely not have to pay for any vet bills if she applied for help via them - I know people far better off who had bills paid for by the CPL because they rescued or adopted a cat. If you're talking purebred cats that have genetic disorders, need grooming and special feed etc, or indoors only cats that need litter and toys, it's a different story, but for a regular rescue moggy that shits outside you're talking about $5 a week for budget food. What is there that's better value for kids?
&gt;I don't know the slightest thing about cars &gt;I'm really keen on getting this Honda Fit 2002 Why? Maybe you would benefit from more general help with your car search. I should explain that it strikes me as confusing that you are really keen on a particular car when you claim to know nothing about cars.
If you are 5'2 that bike is far, far too big, it would be more suited to someone over a foot taller. You need to look for frames that are much smaller. The other bike I recommended would be a lot better but possibly even that would be on the big side. You are pretty much looking at getting the smallest frame sizes made (46cm or less/14inch or less/XS or smaller) depending on sizing system
Sure, though I mean it seems strange for them to be really keen on any particular car, I'm not saying anything about the Honda Fit. It makes me wonder if it's a rare colour like pink or bright yellow or something like that and that is why they are keen.
Because it's a free 'build your own website with no techical skills' site
I've read your post about five times and I'm a bit confused by how you think we would be able to tell you anything useful, based on the information you told us.
Well it's really hard to say anything much without linking to the bike - you can only use your own judgement on it's condition, value, chances of it being stolen etc. Though I understand your reluctance to. But getting a higher in the range bike for less money is great even if it is used - it's just I couldn't say "sounds awesome, go for it" because it might be stolen or have other red flags that can't be picked up on without seeing the listing. If the seller was willing to let you get the bike checked out at a shop chances are it's fine, if they were hiding a problem with it they would probably say no. If you go to the shop I would probably just ask for a safety check/inspection and not say that you are potentially buying the bike unless asked, because it's in their interest then to find problems with it and steer you onto buying a new bike with them. With regards to test riding, that's more important if you're test riding for fit/sizing or test riding for which bike is the best. If you are sure on fit and sizing, a $2200 bike will ride better just about for sure. Worst case you end up having to buy new contact points like saddle/handlebars/stem to adjust things, but you're saving enough that shouldn't matter.
I think it's because it's so poorly put together. The article is written in a way that it only makes sense to regular readers of that site/who are part of that scene and getting up to speed requires hours of reading and looking stuff up on google. From a context like Reddit it makes no sense without detailed background info that the OP struggled to, but couldn't express in the post title. A lot of online drama scandals/stories fall into this category nowadays and only takes off when someone from a site like arstechnica takes the time to put it together in a way that people from outside the scene or with less than infinite free time can understand.
Yeah something seems off. The cost of bike to cost of lock ratio is too far skewed and it is so carelessly locked up - it would be scratched up in no time. Could be a recently stolen bike locked up by it's thief, what you suggest, or OP setup
Fuck off with your amateur link-building campaign. Onyourbike sucks.
It is far too big for you. The bike is suited to someone a good six inches taller than you. To the point even with the seat at the lowest height like it is now it may be too high - do you stuggle to reach the bottom of the pedal stroke or do your hips wobble from side to side while pedaling? - if so it's worse than it just being the wrong size, you are rising injuring yourself from constantly overextending muscles and joints. If not, then sure you can ride it, but if you have to dismount on uneven ground or in a hurry you're going to bang your nuts on the top tube (if you're a guy) for sure, and are probably going to have a few crashes where you 'surf the top tube', rolling along slipped off the saddle on your nuts unable to reach the floor with your feet. You should just sell this bike and buy one the correct size. Not to mention that a bike that much too big for you is also going to be too long/stretched out. It may seem like I'm being mean/raining on your parade, it's great that you're biking and that's not a bad bike apart from the wrong size - but seriously, you should seek a properly sized bike asap. I wouldn't like to ride a bike that wrongly proportioned as someone who has been a serious cyclist for 20 years, let alone as a beginner. It also looks like your handlebars may be badly adjusted (height, angle and angle of the brake levers), but it's hard to tell for sure as the wheel is turned in the photo. That should be easier to fix in the short term - compare your setup with that of other bikes.
&gt;proven beneficial Caffeine has a huge number of links with anxiety and other mental disorders. From [Smith BD, Gupta U, Gupta BS. Caffeine and activation theory: effects on health and behavior. ](http://apt.rcpsych.org/content/11/6/432.full) Excessive ingestion leads to a state of intoxication known as caffeinism, which is characterised by restlessness, agitation, excitement, rambling thought and speech, and insomnia. These symptoms clearly overlap with those of many psychiatric disorders. The potential harmful effects of caffeine have long been recognised. ... Four caffeine-related syndromes are recognised in DSM–IV (American Psychiatric Association, 1994): caffeine intoxication; caffeine-induced anxiety disorder; caffeine-induced sleep disorder; and caffeine-related disorder not otherwise specified. ... Caffeine has a number of adverse effects on the gastrointestinal tract. ... Withdrawal symptoms have been reported in both humans and animals (Schuh &amp; Griffiths, 1997; Griffiths &amp; Woodson, 1998). Well-recognised symptoms include headache, irritability, sleeplessness, confusion, nausea, anxiety, restlessness and tremor, palpitations and raised blood pressure (Finnegan, 2003). They typically start slowly, are at their worst at 1–2 days, and recede within a few days. They are rapidly relieved by intake of caffeine, suggesting that they are genuine withdrawal symptoms. ... Caffeine appears to prime reward-relevant dopaminergic circuits implicated in cocaine misuse, and has been found to reinstate extinguished cocaine-taking behaviour in rats (Worley et al, 1994). ... Among adult psychiatric patients in the USA, a significant number have been found to use large amounts of caffeine (750 mg or more per day); such individuals have higher levels of both anxiety and depression than those who consume less
What kind of adapter have you heard you would need? That doesn't sound right. &gt;all the info I can find seems to be a couple years old. That's really not relevant, the technology involved hasn't changed for 30 years. Bar ends were very common in the 90s, on almost every mountain bike bike, nowadays I only seen people using them for cycle touring. If you have any kind of local community of cyclists (e.g. subreddit/facebook page) I would just make a post and ask if anyone has any spare bar ends at the back of a cupboard. Note I am not suggesting your friends are wrong or bar ends are bad, I fitted a pair when I went cycle touring earlier this year. They got less popular mostly because mountain bike fashion changed.
A lot faster than most natural stalactites, but the very fastest natural ones (3mm a year) would probably be similar based on how long these are and how long the plant has been abandoned
For me it's like this: Most expensive: Some of the less-well-known brands that make upmarket/boutique commuting bikes, often in Holland/Germany - especially stuff with belt drive, electric motor, IGH. Then there's the trendy bike brands making new bikes from steel like Surly and Linus Then there are the smaller premier brands from Europe and North America, e.g. BMC, Cervelo, Litespeed, Yeti, Pinarello, Colnago Next up is the top mainstream brands like Specialized and Trek Another bit better value are cheaper mainstream brands like Giant and Fuji Then at (at least on paper) the cheapest are the discount brands that Bikesdirect etc specialize in like KHS, Schwinn, Motobecane
You have no idea what you are talking about. My dog is eight and is fully toilet trained. She has a medical issue with bladder control when sleeping, which you might have picked up on if you'd bothered to read the whole of my post before replying
&gt; I did see that she has been abused in the past which makes me think she has probably been harshly disciplined for going to the bathroom in the house (which again could cause her to equate pee in the house with anger) No shit sherlock. That you decided to lecture me about that when I said she is no longer punished for this (and I am only assuming that's what the previous owner did because of her behaviour) to me either says you have poor reading comprehension or you're an asshole. It has been a lot of work over the last 7 years to put confidence back into the dog and it sucks when strangers judge because she is nervous.
As pointed out by /u/fraseyboy just get Pam's Choca, it's cheaper, tastes of chocolate, has less artificial shit in it and is actually Kiwi so the profits don't all go to Switzerland. To boot Nestle are [evil as fuck](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1n194c/what_is_the_most_evil_corporation_in_the_world_in/ccehe8y)
&gt; He's a cop, not a paramedic. If the cops there have no training as first responders then it's a disgrace considering the job they do. Police should be competent in basic emergency medical care until paramedics arrive.
That's the size of the wheels :) The frame looks about 21" (edit - just noticed the seller measured it as 20") which should be sweet for you
