There is a "Dynamic War" option in Long War that let's you set the game to be shorter than vanilla or even longer than normal Long War mod. I have not tried it though.
I love Enemy Within as the new abilities you could get made you feel like you could get some trully powerful characters in your squad. That said I'd recommend playing it on hard difficulties, as some of the abilities are really freaking good.
Link for those who are lazy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uXND6fkW4zM
I couldn't get into fallout 3 for the exact same reason. New Vegas had factions and even characters from previous fallout games. 3 opted to ignore all the story that was built in the previous games.
I'm the same but with Revan. Disney I need Revan to exist. Please make him canon.
I miss the old buildings and armies, forts, watch towers.
And probably wouldn't include non blood relatives, Hillary is presumably not blood related to Bill.
I would support a raise of the minimum age to serve to 21.
And Wisconsin.
Sounds pretty reasonable.
I do and I up voted this post. Same thing I do with the other things I read. What more did you want? Looking at the nays there is disappointing and I'll be sure to vote against my senator for voting yay, though both of my senators are republican.
GTA I switch from controller and keyboard depending on if I'll be driving more or shooting more. Personally I don't know what this guy is so worried about, I'm super pumped to play some games with my PS4 friends. We need MORE cross platform games.
Do they not realize that we get fallout as well....
You jokester you. That's what dlc is for.
I expect it will be fun actually. But I do not expect it to be an exact digital translation of the table top game. If that's what you are looking for I think you will be disappointed.
The founding fathers were not infallible, we don't have to base everything we do on what they wanted.
It is completely arguable. What the hell makes them geniuses? They succefully forged this nation with immense foreign aide yes that's true, but it doesn't make them geniuses.
Using just unofficial patches i seemed to get good mileage.
Yes, though he is a senator not a governor.
This article is from December of last year I can only assume it was posted as an attempt to discredit Sanders goal for a single payer system. This is not news.
Yes, implement Australian or English style gun control. Watch as price of black market guns skyrocket.
Pretty much everyone here agrees with Paul on this issue.
What does this have to do with communism?
I actually like March for the hilarious image of 4 murlocks climbing all over stitches as he tries to run away.
So are we just getting D3 heroes? Any chance we'll ever get Blood Raven, Andariel, Tal Rasha, Mephisto, Baal, or The Cow King?
