Which movie, just out of curiosity?
SJWs, their games, their ideas, the things they like, the art they want to create...have a right to exist, as much right as anyone else's. But when they seek to censor, to indoctrinate, to propagandize, to lie about games and slander gamers, to circlejerk their friends, blacklist their enemies, shame creators and players, and otherwise try to exert control over the direction of the hobby and related spaces? That. Is. UNETHICAL. It's disgraceful, unfair, unjust, sometimes flat out illegal behavior whether they are doing it in the name of ideology or not. It serves the cause of ethics to oppose this, and it serves the cause of ethics to point out the general lunacy of the people doing it and the things they believe, because those ideas and dogmas are the excuse they use to justify their unethical actions, since to them the ends justify the means. And drawing an arbitrary line that we just don't talk about things like protein world or shirtgate because they're not directly gaming related is shooting ourselves in the foot. These are clear cut, obvious examples of SJW censorship, witch hunting, bias, and general unethical behavior that neutrals and people outside the hobby will understand, and they are useful tools to expose the general mentality and tactics of our opposition without having to catch everyone up on the history of GG and complex gamer issues. Ultimately, these "off topic" SJW events SERVE THE CAUSE of ethics in gaming by helping to expose the same group of bad actors who are poisoning our industry to serve their political purposes. This is not TIA, it's not about just posting stupid things they say and laughing at them. But their efforts at censorship and all the rest of the bad shit they're also trying to do to gaming? That's relevant even when they're doing it in other spaces because it serves as a useful example, and maybe even lessons we can take and apply in gaming, like the way protein world stood up to them, that's a lesson devs could learn from, and we should be trying to teach it.
Going on a tropical vacation is my safe space! I'm totally not privileged at all!
They never backed off on paid mods? But...they took the system down and admitted they messed up?
Don't waste 10 grand on some stupid prank, whatever you do with it Milo, put it towards something actually worthwhile, a charity, bees as someone suggested, or maybe some sort of pro-gamergate campaigning.
If Valve wants to release a paid modding system for one of their own games...well how's that different from steam workshop stuff in DOTA or team fortress? I mean, I'm not against the idea of paid mods in principle, some mods are truly professional quality stuff that deserves to make money, and WOULD make money if not for copyright issues. I just think Valve implemented the system in a very bad way the first time, lopsided rev share, no consumer protections, all sorts of potential for companies to abuse it... This refund system is at least the FIRST building block towards amending policies so that paid mods COULD be a viable system in the future. I'm just afraid their first attempt might have so badly poisoned the well people will now be paranoid.
I like the comment "Gamergate people will think anyone is GamerGate if they talk about da ethics and da industry". How do you rationalize that statement with believing ethics is a smokescreen for harassing wymynz?
The narrative seems to be starting to crack in vidya, maybe the rest of the world isn't far behind.
To McIntosh, facial expression is just not good enough, he outright says so. This game is a triumph of facial mo-cap, Geralt's face (and really everybody's) is super expressive, but it's not a "real" show of emotion to this guy unless he breaks down in tears, wailing in angst and tearing his clothes like a tantruming five year old. And he somehow thinks that including something in a game is endorsing it. Geralt literally can't cry, his mutations have somehow damaged his tear ducts, this has lead people to believe that Witchers are emotionless, leading to fear and suspicion of them, and pigeonholing Geralt into a very narrow social role against which he chafes. If anything, that's an open CONDEMNATION by the game of the idea of "compulsory male stoicism", but I guess that's too subtle for McIntosh. Here's a thought Jon, maybe if you don't think anyone should "talk over" women about feminism, you should leave discussions of masculinity to people who actually have some.
They're TRYING to offend you, that's the POINT! It's like going to the heart attack grill and complaining there was no diet food!
"but the dictionary definition of feminism is equality!!" The part where they start talking about how in a non-monogamous system, all men are forever alone virgins except a lucky few is one of the best examples of horseshoe theory I've ever seen though, echos redpill rhetoric perfectly. Couldn't tell if this person actually can't spell polygamy though, or was trying to "womyn" it.
Funny thing, I've been bulking and cutting to build muscle for about two years now, and every time I cut, I stick with it, the weight comes off no problem, and I look like a lean mean fighting machine until I make the conscious decision to bulk again, and I've never harmed myself in the process. All it takes is a little willpower.
"Zoe Quinn dared to make a game that challenged the status quo of "what's a video game"". No she didn't. Depression Quest IS a video game. In fact, text adventures were among the very first video game genres, and DQ has an express failure state, your character can commit suicide. It's unambiguously a video game, it's just a bad one.
Well sure, I'm the first one to say "you can't ban someone from a hashtag", it's sources like ralph retort going out of their way to defend him that concern me.
I tend to go by the TB definition. If it has mechanics, interaction, and an express or implied failure state, it's a game.
The idea that Geralt is emotionless is just such obvious bullshit. The characters in Witcher 3 have beautiful facial mo-cap, Geralt included, you can SEE his feelings. This just isn't good enough for a clod like McIntosh who can't grasp subtlety and thinks that if a character isn't whining and tantruming, they're not showing their emotions. He seems to have never grown up, and therefore doesn't understand adult reactions to emotion. He's latched onto the whole idea that "Witchers have no feelings", which is an in-universe myth based on the fact their mutations render them unable to cry. While Geralt himself insists this is true, it is BLINDINGLY obvious that he doth protest too much. It's like the joke about the robot who's sad that he has no emotions. Hell, the man's entire QUEST is about love, both paternal and romantic!
I assume this person thinks twitter and tumblr followers actually mean literal...you know...followers.
Given how many of them can rationalize violence by "marginalized groups" I wouldn't be surprised if they'd really believe that.
If some chick wants to some sit on my lap on the subway, she's welcome. Well...normally, this one on the other hand would probably cry rape if I got a boner.
It's a bit of blatant but harmless fanservice, it shouldn't need justification beyond that. We're just dealing with nutcases who think fanservice is inherently evil and oppressive...at least if it's fanservice for straight men, Dorian's ass is fine.
There's nothing liberal about SJWs, they are hardcore authoritarians who only want everyone to be free....to live exactly as they tell them to live. Same shit as the worst bible thumpers.
thennophobia is entirely reasonable. As in, literal phobia, they're terrifying.
You're grading whether DINOSAURS are portrayed in a sexist manner, you have officially jumped the shark. Or the giant thing that eats the shark as the case may be.
99% of the time, defending free speech is defending someone's right to be an asshole. But letting them do so is a necessary evil, because once free speech starts to get curbed, abuse is inevitable, I have NEVER seen a speech code that hasn't been subject to abuse. Plus, there's the other important matter, the question of bias. I'd honestly be fine with it if Reddit legitimately went out and banned ALL the subs that harass and brigade people on a regular basis. But they're not. They're only banning subs opposed to progressive ideologies. I doubt we'll see a single SJW sub get banned no matter how heinous its practices. The goal is an ideological shift of the site, the rest is a pretext.
Two wrongs don't make a right. FPH is a shitty sub full of hypocritical asshats. But so's Ghazi, which lies, censors, brigades, bans people for no reason, and is exclusively aimed at hating another group. But they have the "right" politics, so they're not banned. I stand by my statement that I would have no problem with this policy if the bans were evenhanded and politically unbiased, but as long as Pao is only banning subs that are anti-SJW, this is a legit problem.
