A lot of people including me had this until I uninstalled HTC's Vive software (not SteamVR). I haven't had any problems since then.
If you didn't follow the link on the included one sheet instructions that tell you to go to HTC's website then you didn't install it. The second likely culprit is if you're using 2.4GHz wifi rather than 5Ghz that's been causing problems for some people as well. If that's the case and your router allows it, change to 5GHz signal.
I absolutely love sniper games and enjoy using sniper rifles in regular shooters that have them. What's up with almost all of the VR shooters using zombies or robots as targets. Are they all afraid to make this too realistic? Hover Junkers showed us that we can be shooting other human targets and it's not automatically a tragic experience just because it's in VR. I'd love a bit more realism in this game. I'm not asking for Sniper Elite bullet cam with exploding organs but target variety besides robots and zombies would be appreciated.
I can't in any way believe they would change $200 for them... they HAVE to try to undercut the Vive I think. I'm calling it now, it'll be $149. Yes they won't be making much money on the two controllers + camera at that price but that's my guess.
Define "perfectly fine". Can the camera track it 20 feet away? Lighthouse can and does for me daily. If by "fine" you mean to the range of about 8-9 feet then yes... past that and it seems not so much.
If I had to pick just one it'd have to be Hover Junkers. Amazing experience, I play a couple of rounds daily and can't wait to go back to it every time. Honorable mentions to SPT, Holopoint, Out of Ammo, Holoball, Audioshield.
Yes... Xbox didn't decide to change their name for the second gen, just went with a weird number to match PS3. Even Windows with their bizzaro number convention never changed from "Windows". The second gen of HTC's PC VR HMD will be called Vive something.
I think so but I'll let others with a similar space chime in. I think if you pick a smaller ship you ought to be fine. With some smaller ships I think you just need the ability to turn around in 360 degrees to be good to go. Even though I have a very large room, I prefer a medium size ship and really only make a step in each direction from the center. I've tried the larger ships and feel they're more of a liability than an asset because they're a LOT more open and leave you defenseless. With a smaller/medium ship you can have cover all around you.
Nope, they cover over 5m x 5m empty space before the pool table. They're already 7m apart. Including the pool table really wouldn't be an option as I'd have to place them over 15m apart.
Try Hover Junkers. I imagine you'll quickly change your mind.
Wonder how weird this is... I think I'd have more of a problem shooting a deer that's just peacefully drinking from a brook than an enemy soldier who is hunting for me and would shoot me if he sees me before I see him. Never been hunting but somehow I don't think I'd want to try it in VR either.
Hmm my 980 barely does medium, even there I feel some frames are dropping here and there. Granted I'm on an old i7-2600k and Win 7. Everything stock but even going to High drops it to 45 FPS for me.
They're very different to me. Brookhaven is about carefully lined up head shots. Usually over 80% of my shots are head shots. I love that feeling. HordeZ is more just aiming in very general head direction and unloading tons of ammo. I prefer the shooting in Brookhaven by a long shot but enjoy HordeZ for silly arcadey feel here and there.
I've never had a zombie closer than 10 feet to me and I've played it multiple times so it never got scary. You need to keep hitting head shots.
[Here for one](http://www.geek.com/games/valve-confirms-half-life-3-will-not-be-a-virtual-reality-game-1635064/)
Yes, remove parts HC1 and HC3 but not HC2.
WHOA! Thanks!!! Never occurred to me, I can't wait to try!
Thanks, hopefully I wont' forget to try this tonight!
Stupid question but you obviously tried restarting PC and/or SteamVR?
Who do you think put in this Matrix in the first place!
Yeah what surprised me is the number of scientists that seem convinced that it's extremely unlikely that we are NOT living in a computer game.
He could've done precisely what they've done HUNDREDS of times when asked about HL3, say that they won't make comments about it. They've done this again and again. This is one of very few instances where they very directly answer "No". The question is repeated later in the Q&amp;A and AGAIN he says "I said, no". It's about as clear cut as you can possibly make it.
Uhm what does that have to do with anything? On the very first try of the new patch I beat my old score by quite a bit. The game is made EASIER, not harder. It's just that I don't care to just whack at dozens of fruit that are constantly in the air, the game lost all appeal to me now. Have you actually tried it?
The ghost ball disappeared when I turned off ghost ball option, didn't seem like aim assist one did anything with it to me, no?
Well you don't know, perhaps you're programmed to win!
