It also takes a bit for people to learn him when he has no less than 45 abilities.
No, it does, and he's right. The question is who deserves it, the people who have money, or the people who do work? A pure capitalist society doesn't work. Besides just the tragedy of the commons, capitalism tends to coalesce wealth all at the top, leading to things like [robber barons](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Robber_baron_(industrialist\)). Capitalism does a ton of things extremely well, but it's a system designed by man and not by god. We need to address where it fails, which is not terribly difficult to do. We did a fairly decent job of it between WW2 and Reagan. We had a healthy middle class, where one family member was able to own a house and provide for his family. Education wasn't terribly expensive, and there was opportunity for everyone to reach at least that healthy middle class somewhat easily. We *landed on the moon* during this time. We can do this again.
Manipulating the system that determines how much value you provide to society is much easier than actually providing value to society.
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.--That to secure these rights, Governments are instituted among Men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, --That whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government, laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their Safety and Happiness.
Because the top 1% have as much wealth as the bottom 90%. If we make that just a little more even, we can clearly largely improve the lives of those 90%. And it won't even significantly affect the quality of life of that top 1%. Well, There's no reason we can't do both, but my first concern is America. Capitalism is good. So is water. You'll still die if you drink six gallons of water in an hour.
To be fair, you have to go to some extremes for this to be the case. There's a *very* short list of places where the standard of living is that high. Regardless, I don't think most of the Sanders camp is interested in those bringing home under a million a year and paying an effective rate higher than capital gains on it.
The top **marginal** rate is 39.6% for a single individual making $400,001+ a year. And that's marginal, not effective.
You're in Brave? They should have pocos set up for you in null where you don't have to pay the 10% interbus poco tax on top of alliance taxes. Try to find a system with a good mix of planets that has brave pocos, but isn't overfarmed. If brave doesn't have pocos down already, you can help get that done. It isn't terribly difficult. If there's a suitable place that isn't set up already, you *should* be able to ask Brave leadership to help get it done. Especially if you show some effort and are willing to organize and help. You need a customs office gantry, and 8 each of four p4 PI materials for each customs office you want to put up. You can quietly get a few people, hand out some Amarr destroyers, and ask them to come help you bash the existing pocos, etc. You'll need someone with anchoring roles to put them down for you. I'm sure if you contact Fomol Brewguard or someone from Brave Provisions or Nancy Crow that they'd help you out.
And what about the difference between marginal and effective? And aren't social security and medicare taxes capped at something like $125k income?
We need to allocate it fairly and give up the illusion that the free market was designed by god. Money is nothing more than a system to measure how much you contribute to society and what society owes you in return. When it becomes more efficient to manipulate the system of measurement than to actually contribute to society, we have an issue. When the people who collectively contribute the most to society see rather meager rewards as a result of those contributions, we have an issue.
Which of these do you disagree with? * Voted YES on allowing firearms in checked baggage on Amtrak trains. (Apr 2009) * Voted YES on prohibiting foreign &amp; UN aid that restricts US gun ownership. (Sep 2007) * Voted YES on prohibiting product misuse lawsuits on gun manufacturers. (Oct 2005) * Voted YES on prohibiting suing gunmakers &amp; sellers for gun misuse. (Apr 2003)
I'm considering upgrading to the lifetime sub as well. It's a risk, but it's potentially a win/win. If the game is successful, that money will mean more to them now than it will after release, and it'll save me money in the long term.
I'm pretty sure we're not going to intentionally kill innocent civilians for training exercises.
Because at least a few people involved would see how wrong it was and make sure of it. It's a lot easier to hide something that is easier to rationalize morally.
It's also not clear who hit who. The moto guy may have been trying to cut off the BMW, since he was obviously trying to box him in the rest of the time. It's still a hit and run though. No matter whose fault it is, there's no excuse for leaving the scene.
Spot on. &gt;Anyone who was around back then remembers that people 'suspended their disbelief' in order to follow a fantastic story of how the two tied together. Jesus, yes. It was fucking dumb as hell. I still remember the posters with Iraq and Al Qaeda with the Qs circled and trying to tell people they have nothing else in common. I went to a more conservative school (Purdue), but alongside the anti-war protests, there were certainly pro-war protests going on right across the street. In the middle of the night, someone hung a noose near the anti-war camp. There was just no amount of common sense and logic that could cut through the Fox News bullshit.
Some of the people voting supposedly believed there was a large difference between voting for war and a vote that might lead to war. It was sold as allowing the president to use his best judgment to decide what was necessary when it was necessary. In hindsight, there obviously wasn't a difference, and the president had already made up his mind before the vote.
Maybe he can code everything as minions here too!
Meta posts need to be here. That's kind if like saying, "If you want to criticize the government, all you have to do is leave first." Meta posts being removed from here gives them absolutely no power at all. I understand how this would seem attractive to the moderation team, but it's a terrible idea.
It's a dumb thing to do because it takes the same number of games, whether you spend time on the extra games in plat 1 or diamond 5. In fact, dodging costing you 3lp per dodge probably causes you to need to play an extra game or two.
Because people are dumb and like to be dramatic.
It's going to be the same as any other league. If your mmr is where it should be, you'll lose and gain the same number of lp.
&gt;though it's unclear at this point which companies are showing internet
&gt;You're comparing having to pull off a 10 game winstreak vs maintaining 50% winrate. No, you're not. If you're only maintaining a 50% win rate, you're not going to climb regardless, unless you're already playing against diamond 3+ people. And in that case, the diamond V slump would have no effect on you. If your mmr is 120 points above your league, you'd still gain more than lose when you hit diamond V regardless. You ARE comparing playing 50 games to playing 50 games.
That's incredibly short-sighted.
