Are you saying people see "Obama" and don't like it just for that title or that people see "affordable" and like it just for that title?
It's very difficult to answer that question. And I'll explain to you why that is. The GOP/Republicans/conservatives believe in a economic and societal system that they believe with benefit everyone, in the long run. But when you have the opposing side Democrats/liberals that are more likely to give out things now in hopes of fixing things (true difference of opinions lies on this effectiveness), it only makes sense it will entice people and thus very hard to take someone away from such a position. I personally don't consider myself GOP, but I lean conservative. So it's really hard for me to answer anymore deeply than that, but I'll add this as I want viewpoints on this. Let me explain one position I have that everyone hates, but I think it shows a long term benefit at the expense or removing something people currently love. Social Security. Benefits of Removal: - Increased income (6.2% and up to a potential of 6.2% more (12th.4% total) from employer as that is actually part of what you cost your employer.) And what do many poor people as well as middle class Americans "lose" a lot of their money? In loan interest. If a person had an extra 6.2+% in income it would help to reduce the amount of money they are throwing away into interest. Therefore it should save these people even more money. - Increased employment. That 6.2% cost to your employer means every employee cost them 6.2% more than what society is actually benefiting from. Less cost, could mean less unemployment. Or cheaper prices. Or if you believe this type of economic behavior won't happen, the money could be put toward something else, like universal health care. - Point, not benefit - Life expectancy. The life expectancy is shorter for those that are poor. A system that requires you to be 65 years old before you can benefit from it dispoportional hurts the poor. And if a person dies, these benefits are not passed on to family members. It's Regressive unless you can live long enough until it's not.
Include /r/politics in there too, and I completely agree.
"Playing the stock market" has benefit for more than just the individual. It is the purchase of stocks. Which a company sells to gain more income that they can use to invest in a multitude of things. When a company can show value by being successful, and people buy stocks to ride that success (while also helping the company), they can then raise stock prices. The investor can then pay more for often a less risky investment or pay less for a less known/starter business that they see future success in. Since capital gains is already at 23.8% for those making over $400,000 I would easily get behind setting it at 28% for 2 million plus.
A religious person will give you reasons (a sense of purpose, a desire of belonging, etc.), but those reasons won't resonant with the non-religious that don't accept them as "rational" reasons.
Why is a simple belief in God so stupid to you? What justification do you have against a spiritual figure that create the world and watches over us? You need justification or by your own logic you are stupid. And don't convolute my question of "God's existence" with the written word of the Bible or the actions of religious people. The "Bing bang" could be God's doing. Evolution could be God's doing. The bible could be just stories. Etc.. You say believing in God is unjustified, you tell me how the belief in not a God is? And yes, not believing in something is still having a belief that something is true (in this case that God doesn't exist).
He only pointed out things he thought made Rand Paul crazy with no explanation himself except shitty articles. And I'm not dismissing his points because they are opinions. I even addressed many of his points, so I have no idea how you think that's dismissive. I was just saying that many of these things are simply opinion on one side of the other. You can disagree with it, but many of them don't make a person "crazy". What are the "people being treated like shit" and "evil actions" you think Rand supports?
No it isn't. I think you'd be surprised on how many people are against mandatory vaccines. What system?, the one we have now where they aren't mandatory? The MASSIVE CONSENSUS is that the CO2 we produce effects the climate. Which Rand agrees with. What is the consensus on how much?
Would mind explaining what you find so wrong with him and the nation? I'm here for discussion.
Fuck I just told you if you wanted to give me some of your more important points I would address them while providing more detail and try to provide sources. I'm not going to comment on 20 things in a single post on my phone. What specific issues from that list would you like me to address? (and yes I'll hit everyone if you want, but I figured some are more important to you than others so I could save myself some time by not going into an issue you agree with me on or don't care about).
I can accept reasons. I can't accept plain opinions. In politics, if you have an opinion you should be able to explain WHY you have that opinion. That's what I'd like to know from you and what I wanted to share with you. But you seem to refuse to want to go into detail about these issues. I'm sorry I actually like to understand WHY you believe what you believe by explaining to you what I believe and why. That leaves it open for you to say "I disagree, I think this will actually do this" or "I hold this belief because this". Many positions are going to be idelogically different, so I understand that we will disagree even with understanding one another. By that's not an excuse to not discuss.
I'm sorry, but can someone tell me why you all are SO opposed to a 20-week ban on abortion (with no exception for rape on incest)? I mean, do you support it being legal that a woman can have an abortion the day before she is due to deliver? If yes, i guess I understand the principle behind your belief, but it still sounds bad to me. If no, where is your line and why isn't it at 20-weeks? (I support exceptions for health concerns, so please don't use that as reasoning)
As a conservative that enjoys bicycling, this upsets me. The proposed $25 tax on bicycles is acceptable to me. There is a gas tax to fund road maintenance for vehicles. Having a tax to fund the creation of bicycles lanes that bicycles use, seems fine to me. BUT to do this at the same time you are lowering funding for this maintenance/creation seems a bit dickish.
Of course they do. Do Democrats not understand that part of the of fear from Republicans of passing Obamacare in the first place was that it would be nearly impossible to get rid of? I'm sorry that I find that the government requiring their citizens to purchase something from a private company should not be allowed. But hey, let's continue the corrupt relationship between corporations and government.
&gt; For every taxpayer dollar spent on the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the university generates $24 for the state economy, according to a new consultant's report. Please explain to me how this is in anyway a statistic worth anything. So for every dollar increase we should see a $24 return? No, one can not assume that and it would be stupid to. What about for every dollar *decrease*? One can't assume we would lose the return in that instance either. Or do we, and just throw out logic?
It's CAPPED at $250M.
Thanks for the response especially as my original comment was a bit snarky. But let me rephrase my question, with some added questions. It seems you are using that statistic as a reason against decreasing funds to the UW-system. First off, are the hospitals and clinics you mentioned part of this fund? Or are they funded directly by the UW schools that would see decreases? (I'm having trouble understanding all the numbers.) Do we know how much UW-Madison will be specifically losing? I apologize for how I worded my original question. I would love if you could really help me in understanding this. Do you see decreases in education, as always a bad thing? Do you not think there is any waste in faculty postions or salaries? Or do you think money will just be shuffled around poorly even if we did this? I can see the positives universities can bring. Especially ones with such great research facilities (UW-Madison). But I don't believe more money (or in this case, less money) always requires there be changes in performance. It could just change effiency. I mean isn't there a multitude of studies that have said that our continued increase in educational spending haven't really done anything to improve education? And it's not just conservative sources saying this. I guess there are many other factors and such at play, but that's also the part of the reason why I have a hard time grasping the whole idea.
Fine, I can jump back into my condescending tone too. First off, your first link shows absolutely nothing about funding cuts. The graph doesn't mean that lower state revenue leads to higher tuition. I know enough about "math" to be able to comprehend a fucking statistical graph. The only thing that graph shows is that tuition revenue has increased at a faster rate than revenue from the state. (or its decreased at a slower rate than state revenue, but we know thats not the case). We would need either the actual numbers from those two points in time of either tution revenue or state revenue and then we could find out the other. But since we currently don't know either, the graph is fucking pointless to your point. Your inclusion of this graph puts doubt in my mind that you have any idea of what you are talking about. But I'll proceed. Your second link, I will need to time to look over. It is quite lengthy. &gt; Not the fact that the university system provides current research and benefits the economy as was explained at length? I expressed my agreement with you that there are benefits universities provide in my previous reply. I'm simply asking if a decrease in funding with reduce that benefit at a worse return. &gt; I can't put credence in some claim of a "multitude" of studies for which historically no data actually exists. There are tons of studies that show throwing money at education, doesn't correlate to a higher educational benefit. Many come from liberal sources, if you doubt a bias. I'm not saying there aren't other studies saying the opposite, but it makes me question what is truth. You seem to think you know what is truth, so I was hoping for a better explanation from you while providing some evidence. &gt; Is it really too hard to look at history and economics and math - at how hard this is making it for students? At how they go into life at a disadvantage without a job? Is it really too hard to look at history and economics and math and realize that subsidizing shit only increases prices? Thanks to the fucking student loan shit we gone through, tuition costs are through the roof. Increasing the perceived money supply, will raise costs. I'm sorry our government is incompetent. And again, I'm not saying any thing bad about the benefits of college. I'm asking if we can reduce some of the waste that fills the universities. You seem to think there is none. I disagree. &gt; I really don't believe it. Do you need to have the math explained? Or what happens to the individual student? What math? The state funding cuts come with a 2 year tuition freeze. That won't last, but it's an incentive to find cuts elsewhere in the meantime. &gt; Or the detriment to the State of Wisconsin or any other state? You're still just spreading fear about what will happen with nothing to back it up. I asked a question in hopes you would educate me, but you've been unable to do that. (possibly in lengthy link?) &gt; I'm not trying to be funny. We know that Scott Walker is trying to kill the university and I'm not about to play some "game" over it. Again, just bs talk. And again, your inability to comprehend that simple graph, shows that you have no idea what you are talking about.
It's the SHARE of funding by source. Notice how it equals 100% at both points in time. Lets say we just increased tution funding (income). The percentage for tution would increase and the percentage for state funding would decrease. WITH NO ACTUAL DECREASE IN THE AMOUNT OF STATE FUNDING. &gt; **Game Over** Seriously how old are you?
What math? There are no numbers included to do any math. My whole point was this diagram is stupid to use for your point. I started out asking you to EDUCATE me on this subject after I was a bit snarky in my first reply. Then you went on saying how this diagram is still good and expressed your opinion of further things. If you want to provide me with actual numbers, I'll try to learn from them. But you continue to just talk, expressed in your other reply to my previous comment which I'm just acknowledging in this comment instead of making a separate reply. And you seem to not factor in that those highly prestigious colleges that have more state funding also have some of the highest tution costs. Maybe not a a share of revenue, but overall cost. Which I'm much more concerned about than the ratio.
&gt; Good idea. Do you realize that for every $1 in state spending on U. Wisconsin, the state gets many times (more than 5 times) that back in economic value? Time to change for the good of the nation. No more "ideological" policy instead of solid economic policy, huh? Stop presenting statistics that have an agenda. Does this means that we can increase state spending by $1 trillion and it will make $5 trillion back in economic value? No, so it's a bs statistic to say it that way. Its presented that way to only make people thing spending is good, but it doesn't actually say anything about why or how or anything that's actually informative.
&gt; Find whatever flaws you want in them. Presenting an impossible edge case doesn't disprove what they say. I never said they were false or that we should ignore it. But that the PRESENTATION of the numbers makes people believe "more money = better outcome" But that isn't necessarily true. That's my point. We don't know what an increase would do and we don't know what a decrease would do as that statement doesn't actually provide that. It only explains what the current numbers are. But instead of saying "this much funding, this much benefit" it's presented as "this much funding will have this much benefit". So it's not a fair presentation of the data. &gt; While I could, at a more detailed level, using news articles, it is simple to show that when state budgets are cut, the choice has been to raise tuition which means it isn't "correlation" but "causation" I would rather emphasize a more mathematical and logical way of learning about it. I'll agree with you that it has been the trend. But it doesn't demand it. Its only the case because colleges are dealing with inelastic demand, so no shit that they will just increase prices when they are hit with lower revenue. But they could instead of raising prices, reduce costs. They current market doesn't favor this. BUT that is the reason why the Wisconsin state funding cut came with a tuition freeze. This forcing the colleges to actually make cuts else where. Will they still raise tuition after the freeze is over? Of course. They would have done that anyway. We need to work at reducing tuition. We also need to reduce the waste in colleges. The amount of money spent on faculty is outrageously high. You seem to think otherwise. That seems to be why we differ so widely on this. &gt; My "agenda" is simply to present straight forward facts and there is no "agenda" contained within the facts. Or the math or the statistics which are simple and straight forward. They are simply called evidence. If you can deal with the evidence fine. If you can't fine. If you've every studied statistics, you should know that they can be used to pretty much say anything. They mislead the public all the time with how they are presented. &gt; The "infinity" edge case. Not playing. Stop ignoring it. Its purpose is to ask you to JUSTIFY the funding. Not that current funding is doing well, but to EXPLAIN WHY an increase in funding will provide benefit and why that benefit doesn't (or does) continue with the increase in funding. What is the point of diminishing return? Are we at it currently, so funding shouldn't be increased? If not, WHY NOT? Are we already past it? We're we making $30 in benefit for every $1 instead of $24 when state funding was even lower? If not, WHY NOT (provide historical numbers that actualot back this up)? &gt; UW-Madison, UW Hospitals and Clinics and the university's affiliated organizations and startup companies together support 193,310 Wisconsin jobs and generate more than $847.5 million in state and local tax revenue, according to the new report. That's up from 128,146 jobs and $614 million in tax revenue the last time a similar study was done by the same consultant in 2011. This is missing your biggest variable. What was the AMOUNT OF STATE FUNDING at each of these points? You are saying more state funding provides these benefits. So why would you exclude what the amount of state funding was?
&gt; Population size wouldn't matter after all a larger population size means a larger tax base as well as a larger patient base, in theory they would balance out with the right taxation system. Well it would rely on if the outcomes of revenue from the tax payer and the costs of the hospital care would remain a constant ratio. So in theory you are right, but I don't really see it playing out that way for America. &gt; As far as health habits go, in the US we go to the doctors less because of costs so if that keeps up under single payer it would actually be cheaper. First, I don't see that remaining constant. Second, that doesn't really address my point. Our health habits (obesity, etc.) lead to more money being needed to be spent on health care. Even if we visit less, the procedures and care done cost more. But these were just small points of what I was discussing. And they were meant as things we need to consider, not necessarily things against any system.
HOW? In what way? This is where disagreements come. Can we stop circlejerking around the same statements and actually discuss WHAT specifically we want the new rules to be?
I still don't agree that he is wrong. It doesn't matter what "other first world countries" say. It matters what our Constitution says. And the "rights" that is gave us are not dependent on other people. They are "rights" that are protected, that say the government can not take away those rights. We are in a sense "born" with these rights. I understand how other people can have different definitions of the word right. But according to our Constitution as it is currently laid out, it doesn't seem to lend to the idea that health care is a right. And as Rand is a bit of a liberty/constitution freak, it's not at all opposed to his ideals. So I don't think you can say he is objectively wrong on this.
