Prom Flashbacks :(
YEAH! what kind of American are you?
so the reports of UT switching to a spread offence were wrong, they are using the Wildcat
it counts if they are an Aggy? :/
We're winning and Big Uncle Texas and 'ol Auntie OU dont like that one bit We also act a little New-Moneyish at times :D
if you had a pet Bear and there was someone striding towards you with menace and a Baseball bat, would you not be telling your pet Bear to "Sic 'em"? CASE CLOSED, WE WIN, HAHAHAHAHA :p
given some of the other fanbases in Texas, naming no names but looking directly at College Station, we're fairly decent, most of the time
maybe not in Georgia
2019 might be poor ( and is likely going to change ), but whats wrong with 2018? a decent P5 program, a rising G5 team and a random FCS team, what more do you want? :D
Athletes really need to stop claiming they were hacked and own up to their dipshit mistakes
since when can Gators run 35 mph? also, Texas Tech Red Raiders are all mounted on horses arent they? edit, how do Scarlet Knights count as heavily armoured, but Trojans and Spartans dont?
we have recruiting threads for 3*s now?
and we develop them too, unlike other teams in this state
Oakman gets all the hype, Billings is the real star of our DL, really hope he stays for his senior season, id think hes gone, but Baylor has had a fair amount of joy with talented juniors returning for their SR season, only RG3 and Lache Seastrunk have left early and i bet Seastrunk wishes he hadnt!
i dont like you
Baylor gained the commitment of a 4 *, 6'4", 4.45 40 WR a couple of days ago which takes them to 5 Commits with a 4 * + rating and 9 overall, just need one more commit of any value to get on this list! :)
high 5 for just being below average rather than plain awful
i've only been a Baylor fan for 4 seasons but theres been 3 really great upset victories : 1: The first ever CFB game i watched, TCU 48-50 Baylor, they came in ranked #14, coming off a undefeated season as Rose Bowl champs, they whooped us in DFW the season before. We were unranked and coming off our first bowl game in ages. RG3 just ripped their secondary to shreds, it was sensational to watch, they staged a late comeback to make it nervy, but this remains one of my favourite ever games in CFB, its what got me hooked 2: #5 OU 38-45 #25 BU, we came into this game having never, ever beaten Oklahoma and they were, at this point, a 1 loss team hoping for other teams to slip up so they could get into the NCG, RG3 lit this secondary up too ( with the help of a lucky deflection on one TD! ) but we could not stop their power run game in the red zone, with "The Belldozer" scoring 4 rushing TDs, RG3 scored the winning TD with 8 seconds left for his "Heisman moment" 3: #1 KSU 24-52 BU, we were 4-5 coming into this game and struggling to get bowl eligible, KSU were on a roll and gunning for the NCG and we just smoked them, everything clicked and we tore them apart, it was an awesome surprise cos i dont think any BU fan was expecting it!
I was playing a game of NCAA online dynasty with some mates in England, picked Baylor at random, enjoyed playing with them, by chance saw Baylor were playing TCU ( didnt even know it was the start of the season or anything :D ), watched the game and it got me hooked. Upset loss? only loss in my time as a BU fan that was a big upset was the UCF Fiesta bowl i guess
Maybe
we can be on this list now :)
thats not going to happen, id put a fair amount of money on it
probably an Aggie that has some sort of script to downvote anything mentioning the Big 12
well if there were 5 unbeaten teams, the Big 12 would be at a disadvantage due to not having a CCG, but you couldnt just say one conference would be left out, it would depend on the resume of each individual team
I dont see much cause for hope that their Offence will improve much though, Their O-Line is still a train wreck ( and their best, i think, OL recruit might not make it in due to grades ), Their QB is still Swoopes, I think they lost their most productive WR ( they do bring in a couple of 4* WRs, but more importantly, their 4* TE is having trouble getting into UT from what i hear ) and their RBs are highly ranked recruiting wise, but havent produced
