Prediction: cinderblocks.
Happened to Beef too, didn't it?
I wanna say something witty but I can't articulate my feelings.
I just thought it was impressive. You don't have to find it inspiring. But, what do you find inspiring if not things like this?
Because buttons.
Slightly, I would say, because smoke and fog are more dense than air.
And they continue to challenge the notion of no stupid questions...
Noted!
Dude. I dig *Minke*. Inspiring every time I hear it.
It's true that, if you maintain a caloric deficit (consuming fewer calories than your body needs to function), then your body will use fat stores as energy to make up the difference. As a rule of thumb, a 3500 Calorie deficit is approximately equivalent to one pound of fat loss.
Right on, thanks Derek!
Typically it is shipped one day, spends one full day in transit, and is delivered the next day. So, if it was shipped on the 4th (assuming early enough in the day), then you can expect it on the 6th.
https://mobile.twitter.com/tweetsauce/status/155058562379427840
Yeah, that.
I see references to Gary being a depressing, terrible place Peru often...what about it makes it bad?
Sure!
Ah, okay, thanks. And I definitely did not mean to type Peru.
I don't think atom size would be a factor unless we're talking extremely small. If someone shrinks to a few centimeters or something, they'd probably look identical. Shrunk to a microscopic level and I think things would get hairy. Not to mention their body systems would be all kinds of ruined I shrunk.
Doubtful. Passenger jets are pressurized, which [forces the door shut](http://www.forbes.com/sites/johngoglia/2013/05/28/relax-passengers-aircraft-doors-cant-open-in-flight/).
It's a day every four years, so after 120 years you've added 30 days. A month.
No, we would be saying "Was würde passieren wenn die Weltsprache nicht Deutsch?"
The radon emits alpha particles which travel through the surrounding fluid and ionize it, creating little tracks. My friend built one of these as a senior project.
Thanks! I just used Google :p.
Not the green/yellow glow; the smudge close to the profile of Half Dome.
Uh...elaborate?
