&gt; would be needed to produce any meaningful conclusions Sure they can produce meaningful conclusions, just not about the general population.
&gt; Wii U ~~Exclusive!~~ Excluded!
&gt; the thing was gross, looked mangy They all do, it's just the way they look. First one I saw in my garbage I thought was sick, but the coats of all that i've seen since look similar.
Uhh, the rest of the world has known about this for at least two decades.
[Everything is more popular around the world than pop music](http://srogers.cartodb.com/viz/14ebbf8c-ac44-11e4-8a55-0e018d66dc29/embed_map)
&gt; So then after being fired, she decides to publicly post all that information out of spite? That's not something to be commended. Given that we're talking about hundreds of millions of dollars of IP here, I would assume that poster signed a legally binding non-disclosure agreement, yet still decided to release the information via Reddit. If the poster didn't get sued to oblivion, I'd be surprised.
&gt; Jim Bob Duggar was an idiot for not seeking professional help for his son. There was a post somewhere about his views on incest taken directly from his political website, to the effect of advocating for corporal punishment. In light of this information it's pretty obvious why he tried to bury it. It would be great if one (or more) of his kids came out as gay. I think we'd see his head explode trying to reconcile this with his staunch evangelical and right-wing conservative beliefs.
One of the reasons I've avoided watching the HBO show despite all the hype. I'll wait until I can finish the book series, and then bing-watch the TV show while the book is still fresh in my mind.
Are you saying that someone first needs assets to be eligible to be sued? I'm no legal scholar, but I was under the impression that the company could sue (and possibly win a judgement) on lost profits due to her actions; if she can't pay up, then eventually they would probably garnish wages, and she'd never get out from under that debt.
&gt;That's like, totally different. I'm *not* saying the cops actions were justified--I find it appalling this guy was let "off the hook." But, it *is* a completely different encounter when a police officer kills someone: they're acting as agents of the state for the purpose of enforcing laws, whereas a citizen is not.
&gt; He's lost the story and/or fell too much in love with the fame and fortune his books and the HBO show have given him that the story has lost importance. The guy is famous for the first time in his life, enjoying the paid appearances and all that. I think he deserves to revel in it a while. It was probably a poor professional decision to allow the HBO show to move forward without a completed saga, but it certainly was a good business decision. He could just give up writing tomorrow, and I'd be OK with that. Not because I don't *really* want to read the forthcoming books (I do!), but because life is not so much about pleasing other people, but much more about making sure you're satisfied with what you've done. If he is, then good for him.
I tried to predict when GRR Martin's books would be published based on his past publishing history. It turns out that the *interval* between book publishings is roughly linear, with slope 0.6197 (book indices on y-axis--i.e., 1st book, 2nd book etc.--with intervals between book publishings on the x-axis), and an intercept at (0,1). This empirical model suggests that if GRR Martin's past publishing schedule holds for the future, the 6th book will be released in 2019, and, given that, the final book will be released in 2028.
&gt;they indirectly told him to stop torrenting shows and shit during the job interview This is standard, because it illegal. You shouldn't be breaking the law if you hope to work in a sensitive position.
Well, the didn't *learn* on that POS. A quality instrument certainly helps when learning to play.
TIL I'm OK with the no-color thing.
For most purposes, pseudo random number generators produce strings of numbers that are sufficiently random.
The problem is that "regular people" eat junk food and combine it with lack of exercise. Obviously a star athlete will have no problems temporarily eating garbage, but the average person will just as obviously have lots of problems with it.
..the internet?
I thought that after it reached '0' it would do a check that lasted 0.5-1 second to register a click 'at zero' (for the flair), and then if that failed, it would end.
Maybe he's renting out the upstairs..
Who took these photos?
You know you don't have to be a member of a political party to vote, right?
How often to people order "coffee" there, because I always feel like I'm the only one?
This is an old story. Has to be a repost?
While I agree that humans have evolved to love the taste of fat, so there are probably lots of people that would love that, it looks like waaay too much fat for my taste.
