I guess it's comes down to how serious a show tries to be. One Piece is just a jolly ride of a rollercoaster, so it should not be taken too seriously. I haven't watched Attack on Titan, but from the short clips I've seen, it seems that it takes itself much more seriously, meaning it has to be right in order to do that properly. An example would be Akame ga Kill! which is a show that tries to take itself very seriously. It fails to do so when it shows characters jumping high into the air to make an extra powerful attack, and instead of sidestepping the slash, the opponent tries to block it. Makes no sense at all and is highly inconsistent with its world. In many shows and movies, you have to ignore some real world physics in order to enjoy the show. For instance Godzilla, Pacific Rim or Attack on Titan features extremely large characters who wouldn't be able to stand if the show respected the square-cubic law. Btw, is Attack on Titan a great show? I plan on watching it, I just don't know if I should do it next or if doesn't matter if I wait a bit. It should be noted that I disliked Akame ga Kill! so if it's like that, I'll wait a bit :D
This has given me a new look at her. She is definitely not a character you would expect having great strength, but you are right that she is very strong. Thanks for the post. I only see one mistake: &gt; (whose members are, just as a side note, ranked primarily by strength, indicating she was stronger than Mr.1 who at the time almost killed Roronoa Zoro in single combat). The Baroque Works members are paired, meaning the males have a number which indicates their strength, while the females are paired in a way that utilizes her skills with one of the numbered males. This means that the females are not necessarily stronger just because they are paired with a lower numbered male, and they are definitely not stronger than their male equivalent, i.e. Crocodile is stronger than Robin. Personally I believe that Mr. 1 was stronger than Robin during the Alabasta Arc, but we actually don't know.
It was presented as being a fact though... I just think there is more evidence pointing to Mr. 1 being stronger than Robin during the Alabasta Arc. The sole reason Mr. 1 is having the 3rd most senior rank is because of his abilities in combat. There is no other reason at all, while Robin has a lot of different purposes, none of which are combat. She is a Master of Puppets, so to speak (yes, a reference to Metallica).
Oh, my bad. I missed that part. Sorry :( I agree with you that it does indicate that she is very strong. Just seeing how scared Vivi was when Robin was first introduced is proof enough. Robin is surely underrated and is very strong. I'm glad you pointed that out. Thanks a lot, it was a great read :D
Blackbeard's fruit has nothing to do with actual dark matter in the scientific sense, but I agree with you. His fruit is fundamentally different.
Ever seen a manga/anime where a character jumps 5 meters into the air to perform a really powerful slash? In reality it can just be side stepped putting the user at a huge disadvantage. Of course it's a disadvantage in reality, but it's not reality. I really like when shows are realistic, which is why I plan on watching Junketsu no Maria, but not featuring realistic fights is just something most shows do, and that's fine.
&gt; but it would be the rarest mythical zoan fruit Why do people keep using the term "rarest"? There are only 1 of each fruit so they are equally rare. The only reason they talk about them being rarer than the other is the different types. Any 1 devil fruit is as rare as any other, since there are 1 of each. Sure you could argue that it's the most valuable, but that doesn't make it any rarer than the others.
Copyright infringement. Also I doubt Oda would like to steal from others, even if he was allowed.
Yup, that's how I feel as well. The story is really well done because it takes the essence of One Piece (nakamas) and turn it up to the max in a well done fashion. It was refreshing from the usual One Piece, which is what I liked as well. I didn't necessarily like the art over the original One Piece art, but I didn't mind it.
Dark matter can't be seen, which means that if Blackbeard had a fruit that turned him into dark matter, we wouldn't be able to see it. Rather than being black, he would be invisible. This means that the powers of the Suke Suke no Mi that Absalom has is closer to being a Logia with dark matter than Blackbeard's fruit. Dark matter is NOT an elemental force, but rather an type of matter. So yes, it is stuff, but we don't know what type of stuff it is. Your link is about gravitational singularities, which is again something hypothetical. We actually don't even know what black holes are, if there is an event horizon or not (which is something month old papers now being to question, even the father of black holes, Stephen Hawking). We think there is a singularity, which is an infinitely small point in the universe with mass. Your link says a singularity is not a state of matter, as in it's not a state normal matter can take. Iron can't become a singularity, but it can be solid and liquid. It's a weird question tbh, because matter has to react in some way if it is compressed into infinity, but this just goes to show how weird singularities are. It does fit the criteria for a Logia, since it's an element in a sense. The problem is that it's hypothetical, meaning we don't know if it even exists at all. We also have no idea what it is or how it behaves. We have only predicted it because we know that a lot of mass is missing in the universe. I hope you learned something. I suggest you watch this video if you find dark matter interesting. I sure do :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=77yXhAibQp4 As for your final question, I have no idea. I've wondered myself, and I guess we won't know unless Oda tells us. Oda would probably just explain it as Luffy: "It's a mystery element!" A final note: Dark matter has nothing to do with black holes. They are completely seperate theories that has nothing to do with each other. I guess you could say that it's possible that black holes are formed from dark matter, since the gravitational pull on light would be the same resulting in a black hole. This is highly unlikely though and would not make much sense.
I think it's plausible that Oda has continuesly extended the series and underestimated how long it will run. He continuesly expands the universe and wants to make it as awesome as possible, which of course results in a longer series. I don't expect the manga to end anytime sooner than 2025.
Why would the Wano and Elbaf arc be huge? I get that the Kaido, Big Mom, the final war and Raftel has to be rather large, but why Wano and Elbaf? I also think we would see an arc with the Revolutionary Army, but Oda could wait with them until the final war.
But unlike Fishman Island with the whole thing about racism and political aspects, I don't feel like Wano and Elbaf will be quite as important, well that is unless Kaido is involved in Wano, which a lot of people seem to think. I think it's really hard to say how Elbaf will turn out. So far, it has been mentioned and it's hugely important for Usopp, but it has not been mentioned as being relevant in anything else. I doubt it will be huge like Fishman or Dressrosa arc, but who knows. It's probably the hardest to make theories about, since we know so little about its importance.
If TS was half way, then we will be half way through post time-skip after this Saga. I doubt that. I think Oda underestimated how much he wanted to include. As I see it, there is at least 10 years to go, considering it has already been nearly 18 years now.
Oh yes. I wrote this before I saw his post though, but yes :D Thanks for the clarification :)
If they mean strongest, then why not say so? It annoys me that the terms are misused... :( I do get what you say, I just think it's an odd way of saying it.
If TS was half way, we the manga would end at around chapter 1200. That would make us 200 chapter in on the second half of the series, meaning we have about 400 chapters left. I think we will see many more chapters than this. Not much has actually happened since TS. I expect this saga to last at least 50 chapters more, which would nearly make us half way through the second half. If we were half way through at TS, that would mean it took 13 years to reach it, meaning it would end 13 years later in 2023. I think it will end later than 2025, as in we have more than 10 years to go.
You're probably right. I'm just linguistically conservative :D
Actually, the TS was more than half the world traveled, since they didn't get to the Grand Line until chapter 100. It's half way through the Grand Line though. I agree that I think the second half of Grand Line will take longer to get through, considering that the first half was just about rushing through it, while the second half is more about politics, since the balance of the powers are changing. If the TS was half way through the story, then we will still get 100 chapters more of the New World compared to what we got of Paradise. I do think it will be longer than that though.
Obviously, there are something that has not been told about Kuma. His story does not make any sense whatsoever at the moment. We also desperately need some more information about Vegapunk. It does not seem logical that he would become the government's dog (like Sakazuki/Akainu) considering the place he grew up, where he is remembered as a hero who would do everything he could to help people. That sounds more like the Revolutionary Army to me. I wouldn't be surprised if it turned out that Dragon has a plan with Kuma and Vegapunk that allows him to turn the Pacifistas and any other creation Vegapunk has made on the WG. Honestly, I'd be more surprised if that was not the case.
Depends whether it's manga or anime. I started with the anime and caught up, and I'm now reading the manga. Honestly, the pacing is just so much better in the manga, even for the first arcs. Just try both out. You have more than enough time for both :D
I download torrents from http://horriblesubs.info/ in 1080p. They are very high quality, but I'm not too fund of the sub. I think Yibis is better, but since they release much slower than HorribleSubs, so I watch them since I don't have patience to wait. Once I catch up with the manga, I will continue watching HorribleSubs. I transfer the files from my computer to my phone. Then I can watch it anytime I want without internet connection. Be aware that each episode is 500 MB, so that may be a problem if you don't have 64GB like me. EDIT: Oh, you asked for a streaming site. I missed that part. Just ignore it, if it doesn't help you :)
I think it's probable that the WG would cover that up. If the Celestial Dragons learned that their supply of fishmen and merman could end, they would cause a fuss. I think the WG just want them to stay calm, and what's happening in Dressrosa is more than enough reason for them to increase their bounties a lot any way.
[Spoiler](#s "I think Garp also used Busoshoku Haki whenever he was hitting Luffy. Luffy commented on how it hurt, and these moments were not just fun and gag like with Nami hitting Luffy and his face swells up and becomes blue and it disappears in the next frame.")
Yeah, I think that's easier. Unless you've caught up, go watch Yibis rather than HorribleSubs. Imo it's quite a bit better, since HorribleSubs is more about quantity and speed rather than quality.
