Instead of playing our football on campus like normal, we drive over an hour away to the point where our rival is closer to the game than we are.
Ah yes the e39 (luxury line?) wheels. My dad has the same ones.
Some people (myself included) do not like the idea of someone else (or machine) washing their car.
M logos on wheels and steering wheel are part of the M sport package, most people would say those are fine. The big M badge on the grill is something else because it only comes on actual M cars.
hahahahah
&gt; Virginia at UCLA 12:30 p.m. PT FOX Whoh what?!? Huge surprise, thought for sure this was going to be the 10:30pm EST ESPN game. On one hand, we get Gus Johnson week 1 so HELL YEAH. On the other hand, was looking forward to UVA having to play at 10:30pm local time to counter us having to play at 9am local time last year.
&gt; Thurs. Oct. 22 CALIFORNIA at UCLA 6 p.m. PT ESPN ESPN will be lucky to get 50% attendance at the Rose Bowl. 6pm on a weekday in LA? Good luck...
I don't see what the big deal is?
Oh I thought it was due to the late-night (relatively speaking) kickoff time.
&gt; so I went and got the keys from her unlocked drivers side Your mom keeps her car keys in the car?
Username checks out
I don't think Disney has a spare Gameday desk not to mention all the talent just hanging around in Burbank.
Ah good point.
Notre Dame to UCLA
Is that a thing? I've just always spelled it "whoh", but "whoa" doesn't look weird to me either.
Only two SEC games for ESPN gameday? Yeah ok....
Yes. Which is ironic because the man who is tasked with teaching him said mental game came to us from you guys.
DB is completely different because we have 5 returning starters for 4 spots, and an extremely stacked two-deep that Willis never cracked. I'm not worried or surprised by Priest's departure.
Waze, wAze, waZe, wazE, WAZE! Sorry, I just really like Waze.
Beautiful color combo, and its a manual to boot. Only real negative I see is no iDrive.
This is very, very cool. Thanks for sharing.
[Matt Barkeley walks into a Barr...](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gv3Q2FAqcdw) I also really enjoy how the band's live tune syncs up to the "drop" right as the hit happens in the first FOX replay. Bonus: Gus Johnson screaming
It's gonna suck pretty bad for us west coast folk too. 1pm kickoff and 5pm kickoff on a workday?
That's just damn impressive
So a BUTT ran around without a shirt... seems normal enough to me.
