I did the same, and my secretary was maya... And it gave me musashi so all was well at the end.
while flying over the bermuda triangle.
Mimi from Digimon. i liked digimon over pokemon when I was a kid.
Gonna be Kako or Aoba.
All I can hope is that they stay with the organization in some way (maybe a scout? team ambassador? idk) and if we do win a cup we can engrave their names on the cup. As a player, I think it will be a while before our young players step up to be great players, and Sedins will be retired, or gone back to Sweden to play for Modo.
Yeup. He was scoring in the AHL at around .6~.8 points per game and then came to Utica and started scoring at a point a game.
I volunteered at the SCRI Society for a while before the I had conflict of schedule with school. You usually go to the location and hang out/look out for people with disability and just have fun. It was about 2 hours a week (You just chose the day you could go to, and just go every week at that time) and then possibly more for their big events. [This is their website.](http://theclubscri.com/)
Needs more Iroha
My time zone is exactly 12 hours behind Japan... it's awesome as long as I'm aware if it's PM or AM.
so beautiful!
I wouldn't be too worried, but obviously try to make a habit out of doing things like washing your hands with soap and don't cover your mouth with your palm when you're coughing, etc
(If you're not from Vancouver) enjoy the city! It's a beautiful one :)
Hey me too! Place I grew up wasn't so bad :(
Visited New York for the first time. Also bought a ps4.
Im not Catholic, but this pope just seems like a respectable, likeable individual.
Long term: Solid second liner (as much as i love him I don't think he will be an offensive superstar and he is defensively solid so second line will be perfect imo) next year: get some more ice time, score few more points, hopefully beat the sophomore slump
I'd personally get getzlaf, JVR, OK, OEL, Holtby and Varly. Holding onto dubnyk based on half a season might be too risky. And I'd save your stacked dmen and focus on drafting forwards.
idk, he scored 13 goals and had 12 assists as a rookie. If he doesn't go through a sophomore slump, I think 20/20 would be a good bar to set for him. I'd be extremely happy if he scores as much as how much Bonino scored this year + his defence improves even more.
very true. He seemed like he knew what was going on by the latter half of the season, and just played phenomenally as a rookie in the playoffs. If we can see the Bo of second half of the season next year, scoring 40 points won't be hard I think.
sbisa, bieksa, and our 2nd /s
Do I still have to put my credit number on the website? :(
weird... I did that but it kept asking me for the card so I ended up putting it in but it didn't charge anything. Whatever
Not BoxeR?
sounds awfully like our team last year, not showing up in the 3rd period
And by mid 2000s the popularity was at an all time high I think. Way bigger than lol in korea now
