Property taxes are extremely regressive, much more so than sales taxes (which aren't really regressive at all in our case, due to their many exemptions).
Since the bridge opened, they've had to tear down the old bridge, and add 2 more lanes to the new bridge. Perhaps they couldn't add the pedestrian lane until that work was finished.
There's a lot of negativity from people here, but from what you're saying here, I think you've got the right mindset to appreciate a move. If you enjoyed living in Newfoundland, just for the sake of being somewhere new and getting a fresh start to live more independently, then I bet you'll have a blast in Vancouver. You should go for it.
Yeah it's pretty funny, when people talk about how many "self-made" billionaires there are, they're often referring to people born into families that were "only" at the 95th percentile for wealth. [For example](http://www.cnbc.com/id/49167533), Forbes considers 70% of American billionaires to be "self made". But that group includes not only people like Mark Zuckerberg, whose parents were a dentist and a psychiatrist (and thus would be in the wealthiest 5% of families), but it even includes people who inherit "medium-sized companies" or more than $1 million (but less than $50 million) of start-up capital.
&gt;Despite the the outcry of hippies and Reddit, the demand for oil is not going to go away soon That's beside the point though, because the proposed bitumen pipelines are not needed at current production levels. If we maintain current levels of oil sands production for now, and then start to gradually reduce production as we reduce our dependency on petroleum fuels, we will not need these new pipelines. Alberta is already pumping a lot of oil, we don't need to triple oil sands from current production levels (1.8 million barrels/day) to 5.2 million barrels/day by 2030, which is the stated intention of the 4 pipeline proposals. Our country is supposedly aiming for a 30% *reduction* in greenhouse gases by 2030, yet we're going along with the oil industry's plan to *increase* oil sands production by 200% over the same time span? Those goals are incompatible, and to me that's a problem. &gt;95% of the gas used by Metro Vancouver gas stations comes through the TransMountain pipeline But isn't that irrelevant to the proposed twinning of the pipeline? As far as I'm aware, none of Metro Vancouver's gas will come through the additional pipeline, since it will be carrying unrefined bitumen, to be loaded onto tankers and shipped straight to China.
Ha, you don't have to be a hippie to disagree with the pipeline proposals. Well let's look at it this way: oil sands production in 2012 was 1.8 million barrels/day, and that oil got to market via existing transportation options, mostly existing pipelines. I can't find numbers for 2014, but in [2013](http://www.energy.alberta.ca/oilsands/791.asp) production was apparently 1.98 million barrels/day. Now the following pipelines have been proposed, to enable a major expansion of the oil sands: Keystone - 830,000 barrels/day Energy East - [1.1 million barrels/day](http://www.transcanada.com/news-releases-article.html?id=1746092) Transmountain - 600,000 barrels/day Northern Gateway - 525,000 barrels/day Add those up, and it's over 3 million barrels/day in *additional* capacity for moving bitumen from the oil sands, on top of the capacity already exists. Even if no pipelines from the oil sands currently existed, that would still be overkill at current production levels. [This Toronto Star article](http://www.thestar.com/business/economy/2014/01/31/why_is_keystone_so_important_to_supporters_and_opponents.html) lists most of the numbers I mention above, and also shows a helpful graph showing the Canadian Association Petroleum Producers' plans for oil production until 2030. And it just so happens that their plans include about 3 million barrel/day of oil sands growth, on top of all projects already operating or under construction. So the 3 million barrels of additional pipeline capacity will be necessary for the oil sands to expand production by an additional 3 million barrels/day. But at current production levels, they are basically not needed. Now don't get me wrong, if someone supports the rapid expansion of the oil sands, then it would be reasonable enough for them to also support these pipeline proposals. But personally, as someone who thinks we've all been kicking the can down the road on climate change for too long, and that we should significantly increase our efforts to begin transitioning away from fossil fuels, I don't support the further expansion of the oil sands (especially considering the magnitude of the proposed increase), and therefore think the pipelines would be a step in the wrong direction.
Well I appreciate that you're willing to consider my points. And for what it's worth, I'll admit that a lot of people on "my side" of the pipeline issue are quite irrational about it, and their voices are often the loudest. But that doesn't mean there aren't also logical reasons to come to a similar conclusion.
That's part of the equation, yeah, because they sell to the U.S. for somewhat of a discount (although I think that discount has become smaller lately, since the price of oil fell).
I could be mistaken, but I'm under the impression that similar rules already exist for car-pedestrian collisions and rear-endings: the driver who collides with a pedestrian is presumed to be at fault unless they can demonstrate otherwise, and a car that rear-ends another car is presumed to be at fault unless they can demonstrate otherwise. That's what they told me in driving school about a decade ago.
You don't have to rent in a brand new building...
&gt;In the case of pedestrian-car incidents I don't necessarily think that law is correct either. A pedestrian shouldn't be able to get away with jaywalking and getting hit. But if the pedestrian jaywalked, then in most cases it will pretty easy for the driver to demonstrate that fact, by pointing out the absence of a crosswalk at the place of the accident, or by using eye-witnesses. And this is still only necessary if the pedestrian was at fault but disagrees or chose to be dishonest about what happened, rather than agreeing with the driver.
&gt;Libs had their chance to change things for the better, irt Aboriginal Affairs, and they also dropped the ball. By "dropped the ball" do you mean "lost an election to Harper"? That's the reason the Kelowna Accord got shelved. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kelowna_Accord
Just like how the fixed election date is "fixed", except when it's 2008 and the PM feels like calling a snap election. The Tories don't *have* to stick to their anti-coalition stance, but they will anyway, because the Liberals would not form a coalition with them anytime soon. Forming a coalition with the Conservatives would put the Liberals in the same squeeze that the UK Liberal Democrats were in: progressive/centrist voters will lose faith in the Liberals for all of the right-wing policies that get implemented, while conservative voters will give credit to the Conservatives for those same policies, and the extent to which the Liberals reigned in the Conservatives' worst impulses would be hidden and unknown to the public. As a centrist party, being a junior coalition member is not a good place to be.
Which part of the argument did you find convincing? It seems to me that she's talking out of both sides of her mouth. She and the finance ministry say that a reduction in foreign housing investment would have little impact on housing prices, but they also say it would reduce residential real estate sales. Those two statements don't seem to add up.
[Quarry Rock](http://www.vancouvertrails.com/trails/quarry-rock/) could fit the bill. Quite easy, transit accessible, and ends with a beautiful view.
I just don't see much benefit to the Liberals aligning with the Conservatives, and I see a lot to lose. For centre-left Liberal-leaning voters like myself who are fed up after 9 years of Harper, it wouldn't matter who the leader of the Tories was; if the Liberals helped them to stay in power, it would send us straight to the NDP camp. Letting the NDP govern might not be a bad option for the Liberals, as it would: A) allow for many of Harper's worst ideas to get reversed, which Liberals would appreciate (even if they don't get credit for it politically) and B) set the Liberals up as the moderate-but-still-progressive option to replace the NDP, in case the NDP either prove to be too ideological for the electorate's liking, or just make some mistakes in general (as most governments do). A disappointing term by the NDP could put the Liberals in a very good position to capitalize in the following election, among Liberal-NDP swing voters who want a change from the NDP, but don't want the Conservatives back in power.
&gt;That is not at all what Christy is saying. She doesn't think foreign ownership is the problem, and Vancouver city can take steps to solve this instead of just asking for a tax raise. Every time she speaks on this issue, she stresses the importance of preserving equity for homeowners, implying that it's a valid reason not to support policies that could help Vancouver's housing prices to decrease (or even increase less rapidly). For example, she argued against a tax on foreign home-buyers, on the grounds that ["By moving foreign owners out of the market, housing prices will drop".](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/british-columbia/b-c-premier-christy-clark-opposed-to-taxing-foreign-homeowners-1.3072443) &gt;Gregor is putting on a show admitting there's a problem. The amount of effort he'll put into this will be equivalent to the amount of effort he puts into his ending homelessness promise. Well Gregor and the city have been approving a lot of new housing development, and I believe they're now trying to collect data on empty homes. Obviously the city should do more, but as far as I can tell the province is literally doing nothing to try to address this issue. What do you think the city and province should do?
I'm not sure I agree about the middle-class people being the most affected by a decrease (or stabilization) of housing prices. People with multiple properties can sell off their extra one for profit, and thus benefit from high prices, whereas most middle-class people need to live in their house, so while technically higher housing prices mean they have more wealth, the increasing real estate numbers don't really affect their life (except for requiring higher property tax payments). They might want to move to a more expensive property at some point, but if their property *and* the prospective property have both fallen in price (since we're assuming a decrease across the whole regional market, not just targeting one person's property), then it'll actually be cheaper for them to make that jump. Let's say someone owns an $800,000 property and wants to upgrade to a $1,000,000 property, then it's a $200k difference. But if property values fell 20%, then they now own a $640,000 place and the place they want is $800,000, so the difference is reduced to $160,000, and they save $40,000 compared to before. The middle-class homeowners who benefit most from high real estate prices in Metro Van are those who either plan to downsize and pocket the difference (and maybe use it to buy some vacation real estate elsewhere), or plan to move outside of Metro Van, to somewhere with cheaper real estate. Both categories would more often be the empty-nest baby boomers on the verge of retirement, not the 40-something couple working and raising a family in the city. So essentially, I'm not sure I agree that most middle class homeowners will be hurt by stabilized or decreased housing prices, but I absolutely agree with you that this is a generational issue, first and foremost.
The living conditions in which they are raised can often be considered abuse: [Non-graphic image of pigs at a factory farm](http://www.motherjones.com/files/factory-farm-630.jpg) [Another non-graphic image of pigs](http://static1.squarespace.com/static/53c4b06fe4b03a89bfc573b3/53d85539e4b08cf75c2dba40/53d8553ae4b08b2eaf66340f/1406686534869/farmpig.jpg) If dogs were spending their entire lives locked in confined spaces and then were slaughtered to have their corpses eaten, there would understandably be outrage. I wouldn't want my dog to have had that life. And that raises the question: why is it wrong to treat dogs that way, but it's completely okay to treat pigs like that? Are pigs incapable of suffering?
What sorts of harms are you concerned about? Regarding, let's say, a tax on absentee homeowners (who own residential property in the city but leave it vacant and unused for 11+ months per year).
That's one part of the problem, yes, and there's an inevitable inertia on that front, due to populist public opinion against rapid re-development, which the politicians can't ignore. The other part of the problem is that we now live in a globalized world and wealthy people in developing countries want somewhere stable to park their wealth, in case their home country tries to seize assets (due to political turmoil or any other reason). Those wealthy international investors seem to be disproportionately choosing a few particular cities around the world where they would like to do so, one of which happens to be Vancouver. Interestingly, a British bank did a [poll](http://www.cbc.ca/news/business/almost-half-of-china-s-rich-want-to-leave-the-country-barclays-says-1.2766823) of their millionaire customers from China, and found that 47% of them plan to leave China within the next 5 years, whereas the comparable numbers for United States and Japan were 6% and 7%, for instance.
Okay fair enough! The conversation on this topic jumps around between the many different proposals people have come up with, so I sometimes get mixed up about which one people are referring to. Absentee homeowners tax? I think it's a good idea, which addresses the core issue. Foreign investors tax/limits? Not sure... Luxury condos tax? I don't really have a problem with it, and it's a progressive way of raising revenue I suppose, but I'm not sure it'll really address the issue of housing affordability very much.
An absentee homeowners tax is possible within Vancouver's powers? I hope that's true. It would actually be ideal if this was introduced as a city-wide policy rather than province-wide, since there are vacation communities in the Okanagan and elsewhere where it wouldn't make sense to apply a tax to absentee homeowners, for their cottages and so on.
Hmm you might be right, I can't say for sure. But at the same time, I'm not sure how *much* that sentiment had spread to the general voting public, by that point. Often there's a delay, and first an issue is only well-known among those who closely follow the news and politics (eg. everyone on a subreddit like this), or closely follow that type of topic (eg. environmentalists or oil and gas development proponents), and then people who don't pay close attention to the news gradually hear about it and form opinions later on. I think Kinder Morgan entered the pubic radar a lot more in 2014, when city councils started declaring their opposition and protests started happening, because that's the stuff that puts it on newspaper headlines and makes it a household conversation topic.
Well here's what our society needs to look like in the **long run**, let's say 50 years from now. I'm basing this off of an interview I listened to, which featured an environmental economist who had worked on a report, looking at what it would take for Canada to reduce emissions by 90%: -Electricity must be almost 100% provided by non-emitting sources, meaning hydro, nuclear, solar, wind, and geothermal. Currently I believe we're in the 70-80% range, so this is actually very achievable, but it'll mean we need much more power from those sources (obviously) and will need to better connect the electric grids between provinces. For example, BC's grid may need more connections with Alberta's to help them eliminate coal use. -Personal transportation will need to be almost entirely electric-powered. Public transit systems, electric cars, and maybe hybrids. -For freight transportation, electric batteries might not be able to provide enough power, so biofuels could be the best solution here. -Heating systems for buildings should be powered by electricity, instead of natural gas -Heavy industries and factories will be the most difficult, since a factory that is built can last 50+ years, rather than being replaced every couple decades like vehicles are, so in 2065 we will still have factories and equipment that were built in 2015. So adding carbon-capture-and-storage (CCS) may be the most practical option in many cases, so that the industries still create emissions, but those emissions would be re-directed to be buried deep underground In terms of public policy needed to achieve this vision, the most important thing is to have a carbon tax, so that polluting is no longer free and must be taken into account in business (and personal) decision-making. And that carbon tax should steadily increase, to create more and more incentives for people to innovate and transition away from highly-polluting activities and fuel sources. The good thing about carbon taxes (rather than a more heavy-handed regulatory approach) is that it allows individuals and businesses in the market to decide for themselves what the most cost-effective way of reducing their emissions would be. Because sure, we can sketch out how we envision our clean-energy society looking in 2065, as I did above, but the future is dynamic and people might find more efficient ways of reducing those emissions sources than the ways I outlined. So using a carbon tax, rather than top-down regulations that require specific changes, allows them the flexibility to find the best approaches. BTW I have absolutely no idea why you got downvoted here. Puzzling.
