I would have guessed Detroit.
[Still my favorite picture.](http://i.imgur.com/lh8eFnn.jpg)
r/DrunkGirls is pretty good.
I saw a college student with a tower and an lcd display at a Starbucks. But it was a mid-size tower and he was with his friends who all had laptops. Barely even noticed him.
He died from a heart attack too. Basically he aged much quicker, resulting in having the body of someone at least 20 years older.
He killed her with the only weapon banned by a pope.
Any dumbass can edit a wikipedia page. That doesn't make it true. Special effects existed since the beginning of film. CGI didn't come around until the '80s.
Your drill would just rotate around this bit.
Amazon and Anal.
Since the head came off, this would be considered a failed hanging. It's supposed to break the neck. Also, guillotine is the device, not the act of removing a head.
They've been doing it since the beginning of “feature-length" films.
Noticed you said you thought the prop may have been undamaged? If that's not a typo, I can tell you the prop is beyond any form of repair.
But it’s a piece of the costume falling off.
The car or the fighter jet?
I get pulled over all the time for the most pointless stuff. Last time it was because I took too long to make a right hand turn at a red light. The real reason is that I accidentally made eye contact with the cop. I knew he was going to pull me over as soon as I looked at him.
Everyone got employed with low level shit jobs. I know I did.
If you don’t brush around implants the gums will rot away until you see the pin and bone.
It’s not genuine unless you type it like this: Breeder Bullshit™.
You’re still crazy, but not for that reason.
I believe you anchor to the building every third floor.
You’re parked on the sidewalk!
Kraft Singles aren't even real cheese.
Here I thought I was being original when I set up a long line before turning it on.
I’ve been personally told by a parent that this is the most effective method to shut their kid up. As soon as they throw a tantrum, you do it even louder. If they're old enough they get embarrassed and shut up immediately. The more people around the better.
She succeeded in poking him with the HIV needle.
