I don't have those settings on.
Want to trivialize PTSD? Post this sort of bullshit. OP apparently knows noone that's served in the military.
This community is extreme shit and threads like this prove it.
Now your level 2 skill spamming game is that much more powerful!
Players: 1 Balmung: 0 when's round 2
2002s and 5006s on main menu now. Aether dataserv
The voice acting before was pretty mediocre, but a big shift in all VAs is pretty jarring at the same time.
S-Still getting 2002s on Aether? So much for a nap fixing the issue... 5006s too.
I've never seen it refresh the position of the queue every update.
It'd probably be nice if they didn't pack all of the mondo superservers into Aether.
Because you're probably not actually spending half your time just trying to log in. Because they would've had the same problems without early access. Launches for popular games are very commonly rocky, and often much worse than this--these sorts of remarks serve absolutely no purpose.
Probably not that much worse. How many people are there really that want to play HW but wouldn't go for the preorder bonus?
Males are fine, if having a lot of weird hair styles / sometimes faces. Females are pretty much the worst. Fight me.
that was code for "quit dressing up your female character in underwear" or maybe "get off the computer you're too horny"
None of you got PTSD from playing a video game. Quit being childish. The fact that you think that's totally fine to joke about really speaks for your collective character.
screenshots seem to take off a few pounds
inundated with off-peak, 9 AM logins
As far as what is familiar to me, [female highlander 7](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rXytHnEdHtM#t=18s) is fairly subdued, but what irritates you and irritates another is generally going to vary widely. There's lots of videos on youtube of combat voices, though some are harder to find than others. [This channel](https://www.youtube.com/user/0Zbox0/videos) seems to have a majority of them, even Au Ra.
I've never personally seen people gripe too much when cutscenes happen in dungeons, but I don't personally like to make people wait, typically.
now solo titan normal
With regards to whether or not cash shop things are RMT: if it's an in-game item you can exchange for in-game currency, generally not actionable. If it's something out of game (such as a code for an item like the Moogle costume from a couple years ago) and you are trading it for gil, that counts as RMT.
You have to have a Zodiac Zeta weapon to skip any of the Anima quest line. Anything below that will do nothing. ARR relics have no bearing at 60 besides letting you skip the Atma 2.0 part of the HW relic quest.
Diadem interest dropped off long before 3.15 because it is boring and unfulfilling + the fact that they nerfed 210 drops. Relic had little to do with it.
I got the impression that was perhaps *the* low pop server, but it really depends on what you're wanting to do. I personally don't get in PF activities that much, so there wouldn't be a big difference between Coeurl and Balmung necessarily (less ERPers to avoid?)
just think of how many invisible walls they'd have to remove
