Not so much. People carry money all over their body, it's only the giant wallet in back right pocket people think as the "you can see it"... Plenty of people don't carry money there. The TV interpretation of "sorry I bumped into you" is just that, from TV
You can just "drop" them, so you only carry what you want..
For the record-after several hours of deep reflection-I am not looking forward to this.
Seven Riffle shuffles is the exact amount needed to perfectly randomize a deck of cards.
...it's pretty well known Noriega worked with/for the CIA, not the DIA.
I am one year older. This is easily in my top 10 of ask Reddit questions.
Let me be clear, in no way did I mean to dissuade people from voting for him. I hope anyone, everyone votes for someone. If you look at my original comment, and the question I was replying to- I hope you will see I was not trying to talk anyone out of voting for him. I was only answering a question. (of course I added my opinion about his chances, and maybe that was more than OP asked.)
OP asked "what is so great and different about Sanders?" I wrote "many things"-but yes, that he has no real chance. OP didn't ask does he have a chance or can someone convince me to vote/not to vote for Sanders.... Forget it. We each have our own outlooks.
You mean like campaigning for Bernie Sanders? I know that's not the most popular statement on the side these days, but I think OP's statement and mine share plenty of similarities.
Passed other bills, extended/expanded on existing bills.
Dude, it's not just a pocket knife; it's THE pocket knife. You would be amazed how often they come in handy on a daily basis.
Allowing Kanye to hold a microphone
"You're doing well, superman does good"-Tracy Morgan (Jordan)
Always cut the cards.
Played in the NBA for 10+ years, movies/major endorsements, now hosts an NBA show in a major cable network. Yeah, he's got some coin.
"When I was last with Mike Nichols.." Fuck. To be able to (truthfully) say that sentence..
http://www.reddit.com/r/announcements/comments/39bpam/removing_harassing_subreddits/ I wish I didn't even know
Throwing their weight around? I thought we had banned those people!?!
Put up some pictures. Try the website 52plusjokers.com Any particular era? Brand, location?
We know his guy is from the mid-west for 2 reasons: it's in his user name and he said "pop" instead of "soda"... Ohio?
You know what he meant. Chill out operator.
As has been mention numerous times in this thread, those wiki leaks articles were bullshit-from a defense contractor making guesses.. But they did their job! You, and several other people in this thread, believe it's true from a headline!!
Here I show my ignorance. Is that a brand or are you asking do I prefer a certain size grip?
Awesome, thanks
What's your vector, Victor?
