I have no fucks to give even to myself. Just got home from work. Tomorrow, on the other hand (haha, *on the other hand*)
I lived in a room for about three years in a rooming house. You have to eat, watch TV, read, EVERYTHING on the bed. It's rough, and I feel you.
Just chiming in: my great Uncle Howard Knox married Christina Jorgensen, the very first MTF transsexual. Just an interesting tidbit. Carry on!
I love that description, I just read it out loud to my roommate. He and I do not share the same sense of humor :(
My bedroom has a stove in it.
It takes forever to cook a baked potato in a conventional oven. Sometimes I'll just throw one in there, even if I don't want one, because by the time it's done....who knows?
LOL. High profile.
Good thing you said that, it bugged me too. :D
Just toss it in the dryer to get off the... oh wait. Nevermind.
I could knit you all a fine pair of mittens! [Here is my stash.](http://imgur.com/hmXGwK6) A dog and two cats, over 4 years worth :D
I read that in Stewie's voice.
Dude I went to high school with makes hot sauce, check it out! http://www.hellfirehotsauce.com/
A quick posh on the dupa when he eats your kluski.
I never thought about that, it's not my house and the owner is extremely lazy...but he's usually really anal about safety. I'll bag and toss it today when I get home. Thanks for the heads-up!
It's in the basement so out of sight, out of mind :( As GenocideSolution pointed out, it's also an issue of safety, so it's on me to bag and trash it when I get home. Glad I posted it in retrospect.
You gotta score before you can snort.
That was the strangest sneeze I ever heard.
You know how many people DON'T know about reddit? I just started on last fall, and had only heard of it before. It seems once you start getting into it, you think everyone just *knows.* I think it would be fun to meet a fellow redditor at random, myself. I would think you could learn a lot about someone's interests and their sense of humor (or lack thereof) by using reddit as a conversation topic.
I was waiting for Chaos, instead I found Obvious.
You lucky limey bastard, no offense :D
So then... why do you have it? I really want to know!
I like your long hair! Tall, too...nice :) ^also ^your ^username
Now there's a drone I can get behind.
When I heard someone from Oklahoma say they were Midwest, we had an argument. Born and raised IL/WI, and "Midwest" has always been WI, IL, IN, OH, and IA (Maybe MO, but we don't really like to talk about that, poor Misery). MN, ND and MI are Upper Midwest. Then the Great Plains states, Texas (it's own thing), etc. etc. I have always lived within 10 miles of Lake Michigan (except for AR/OK for a stretch) so yeah, not too much thought about where the water comes from - I always knew.
First character I saw in the picture when I opened it. Good call mate.
