It's work, but $40 of stickers to raise a price $100 is an investment shady people would make.
They're playing Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin this year! Whoa, Buddy!
I actually imagine it's like an acid trip for a dog. Think about it: dogs get a whole lot of information from their super sensitive nostrils. They sniff so much on walks... Driving has to push all that info in at highway speeds! All the smells blasting into their nose, like listening to every radio station at once! It's gotta be wild.
Start with a dehumidifier. It could just be damp.
Habitat for Humanity will take that furniture, also.
I think that the difference comes from the depth of understanding, if that makes sense. Any teenager can write a song about anarchy after reading the definition in the dictionary or getting misinformation from friends... When you get to bands like Propaghandi or the Dead Kennedys, the lyrics seem simple but cover more intensive to topics, something you'd have to be at least a little well-read to understand. This comes out really well when songs discuss specific political events, or get into a vocabulary that's more esoteric. You can still write fucking goofy songs anyway, though. I mean, Dead Kennedys did "Rawhide," and "Stealing People's Mail" for crying out loud. I think something that gets forgotten or dismissed is that, sometimes when these songs are written, the people writing them aren't informed or just young and dumb. The songs get popular, people love 'em, they stick around. There's nothing wrong with it, just like there is nothing wrong with goofy songs, or sings you just don't agree with. As long as you remember there's always more to it, more to learn, and more out there, it'll be alright.
I wear one on my indoor trainer. Just in case.
Pretty sure the empire considered it, but with the stormtroopers aim? Fuggettaboutit.
I rode a smaller one, once... About a 36-40 inch wheel, maybe? No matter if you're used to fixies and not coasting, or riding tall bikes, it's still weird. When you take a turn, your legs/hips have to flex to follow the wheel and not stay perpendicular to the frame, like they normally do. Also, wheelies are really fucking hard.
Any time I used oiled paper, I used the same exposure time as I would for a transparency. Most of my prints, however, didn't have super fine details to lose, so that might need to be taken into account. If you're asking how long it'll take with those bulbs at that power... You might need to Google a good resource and start running tests.
I think there might be some confusion between idea that it's "arbitrary" versus "arbitration," which uses a non-court system of settling disputes. It's still legally binding, since both parties agree to the process before going into it, and have to abide by it once the decision is rendered. It's just not a "real" court.
"Can't spell 'feet' without 'eet!'" Nom nom nom.
"I like small tits, but this is ridiculous." Groucho Marx
I'll throw this out there, but I don't know if there's a separate set of steps for a 1x set up. The standard way of checking is to wrap the chain around the two largest cogs without looping through the derailleur. Add two whole links, and there you go, perfect chain length. With a 1x, it sends like the logic would be just as sound. The front D doesn't offer any pull on the chain, so not having one shouldn't affect it at all. Perhaps your b-limit screw isn't set correctly? That adjusts the angle of the dangle of your derailleur. If it's set too slack, there might be some slap when you're in a smaller cog. I just recently set up a 1x for road riding, and I used that method to set my chain length, with no problems. There might be someone out there with better answers for you.
Is that at Sheetz? I love ordering food without talking to people.
That sounds awesome. More so than my old shop's grease trap method. That thing filled fast, smelled bad, and was hell to clean.
In legal parlance, "missile" can mean any object that's thrown or launched. Doesn't have to be a warhead, but if someone launched a Warhead candy at your car, it'd be a missile. Source: Watched "Ally McBeal" one time.
They look like mine, except my toes are more sequentially sized.
This.
Just ask yourself, how many black people do you see flying the Confederate flag? Ever?
I saw that a bit when I was in town a couple of weeks ago. I don't now, nor ever, like seeing tags in the woods. Abandoned buildings is fine, even abandoned buildings in the woods... But don't fuck with nature. If graffiti is a protest against urban blight and colorlessness, then nature is already the antidote. Sorry. /rant
I think I heard that the Grimes location shut down? Am I totally wrong about that?
Records are surprisingly resilient to cutting. What was used? A dremel? Coping saw? Tiny knives?
I've cycled (no pun intended) through almost every handlebar style... Flats, bullhorns, moustache, shallow risers... But I always come back to the drops! They just work so perfectly.
For me, (and what I think is common practice) is that you spend most of your time on the hoods. That means that your drop bars are working similarly to bullhorns, if you've got a good set up of brakes and bars and they are positioned correctly. The drops are used, but not for most of your time riding. Instead, they are used for descents and any other situation in which being aerodynamic is more important than being comfortable... I find myself in the drops for good stretches of slight downgrade or flats into headwinds. That means that, if my saddle is set right, it doesn't need to be changed, no matter what bars I'm using. With flat bars, you get one choice of hand position. With bullhorns, you get two major choices. Drops give you three: on the flat, on the hoods, and in the drops. That's why they're so appealing, at least to me.
