The answer to that question is probably very NSFW.
This is expensive, but worth it overall. The Saints need to establish anchors on their defense to build around, and I think Cam Jordan is one of them.
I've been having to compensate by actually paying attention to basketball and baseball. Sucks being a Reds fan this year...
[Some of us like demopans better than plans](http://i.imgur.com/f05xm.jpg)
Something something Playoff Eli Manning
But does your smile melt hearts?
This is the best of the Bad Lip Readings imo.
[Cam makings the Falcons miss](http://i.imgur.com/3bMngYm.gifv)
[Gano doesn't care what you're doing](http://i.imgur.com/D9t1Ht6.webm)
&gt; They're just loud Exactly. It's the loud annoying storms that you hear, not the small, soft whispers of the breeze, but the breeze makes up more of the wind than the occasional storms do.
The honoable mention he said about the Panthers O-line was fair, but his reasoning was off. He's right about Oher, but I don't think Daryl Williams will start opposite him, at least not until late in the season. We will probably roll with Mike Remmers going forward, and if he turns out to be Nate Chandler 2.0 then we'll play Daryl Williams. Williams is raw, though he apparently impressed our O-line coach so far. For what it's worth.
Someone posts it almost daily in /r/panthers. We can't not upvote that gif.
So...Roar?
I was thinking Confuse Ray but I like that one better.
Torment works well, because Philbin torments Dolphins fans.
Oh yeah.
Well, we already had a post about Von Miller farting, so anything could be next!
I hate going against Blissey. A troll pokemon.
I also had trouble with Miltank, though never Slaking because I always caught a Skarmory before facing Norman. My worst opponent was always Lance in GSC because I never caught an ice-type for that sweet 4x bonus against his dragons.
You are so right on Schiano.
Steve Smith lays out would-be tacklers like they aren't even there. He is the best downfield blocker I have ever seen.
I always had a team of six or seven that I had grinded up, so when I hit level 50 I was so sick of grinding by then I just rolled with it.
Did you at least walk out with a huge Cam Newton on your face?
This took a rather dark turn...
Exactly. That tweet was unbelievably stupid, even for Hardy. 1) You don't make 9/11 jokes on twitter. 2) Kelvin Benjamin and Greg Olsen are both 6'5". Devin Funchess is only 6'4". If you use his line of "logic", the Panthers had the twin towers last year. This year we'll have three of them. 3) You don't shit on a team that paid you 13 million to sit on your ass for 15 games because you did some dumb shit. No wonder the Big Cat didn't want him back. Of course, after that picture he took of his speedometer above 100 mph, you knew he wasn't the brightest bulb on the string anyway.
