It is threads like this that give the CTE a bad name in the battlefield community. A few loudmouths crying about stuff that does not need to be fixed.
Running into Claymores is literally carelessness. I know man, we have all been into that. You run around a corner, probably want revenge on some guy. Boom. You are dead. It also happens randomly, some guy cleverly places the Claymores at his flanks. Or that one time I placed a Claymore directly in the "out of nowhere" area south of F on Golmud Conquest Large - someone really ran into it. But - the thing I described above is a one in a million occurence. Most of the time people place it in doorways. And that is perfectly fine. If you don't run around careless you will never run into a claymore. You either: 1) Throw a grenade at it 2) Shoot the claymore at a safe distance 3) Wait till a friendly hits the claymore and revive him/heal him 4) Simply go the other flank. It does not warrant a nerf in any way. It is a very situational tool, if you nerf it, no one will ever use it again. Same as the nerf was too much with the SLAMs (and keep in mind, I never used them much, but still think the nerf to them was too much)
1.) You can never see your own soldiers face anyway 2.) Having to render more detailed/different faces per character adds unneccesary strain to the games performance 3.) When I am in a firefight I want to be able to immedieately tell which threat I am facing 4.) Adding this in would bring absolutely nothing new to the gameplay table and would waste valuable ressources
So awesome! Finally a proper battlefield map!
Blame the newer generation of gamers with attention spans of a fruitfly for all those clusterfuck maps we had in BF3/4. Now finally a proper map comes around and they still have the nerve to complain.
Not this shit again. On EVERY map there are points of interests and flags that are exclusively made for infantry fighting. If you so desire you can fight there the entire round as infantry. The rest of the players engage in combined arms warfare meanwhile. Why? Because this is battlefield! I am so glad DICE doesn't cater to people always whining about those evil vehicles and how they disrupt their gameplay. Why even play battlefield in the first place if you do not like its core mechanics?
This sounds actually pretty cool!
I habe absolutely no problem melting people up close with the AEK, FAMAS or some PDWs, even against shotgun users. Not at all. You should simply adapt and get better at the game before crying wolf that XY is OP or UP.
If the only reason you play a game because of a meaningless virtual carrot in form of 'ranks', instead to actually PLAY BECAUSE THE GAME IS FUN, then there is something wrong with you, not the game. I couldn't care less what silly number stands beside my name, because I'm having fun with the game.
Or you could simply shoot the guy, sparing you from a silly overly long animation. Why this is in the game in the first place I will never understand.
What's with you and all those terrible ideas and at the same time acting like a know it all on this reddit? It's no wonder people have a bad imagine of the cte in mind when you can read stuff like this that needs absolutely no changing. I agree about the transport vehicles though. Just add a few more dirtbikes, quads, hovercraft etc.
I didn't have a problem with the assignments, didn't care much about them since unlockint them naturally during normal gameplay came easy. The problem is finding the dogtags. There are no 'dogtag hunt' servers anymore and I will sure as hell not waste my and my teams time to look for them during normal play. Forcing players to find those tags instead of doing something team related that is rather hard to was yet another failure. No one likes RNG, players rather want to actively engage in gameplay, not looking for random luck based shit.
No one forces you to do this. Only the superiority complex makes you think you have to do this and being an active hindrance to your team in the process, wasting tickets, everyones time and nerves.
If you are constantly beaten because you have been spotted on the map then you're simply not a good tanker anyway. All I read are still just excuses to be a douchebag.
The game is much more enjoyable with faster acceleration to me. It felt sluggish and unresponsive before.
Yes this needs to be changed ASAP as it is a most urgent issue.
Wow they look a lot more like soldiers than CTUs. Then again, the Speznaz look so too. The woman looks very tryhard
But the AH already has smart rockets :P
Something that people like to forget is the difference in skill involved. I started pretty late to use jets (just a few weeks ago) and for a newbie in the air it is absolutely brutal what you have to learn. There are stingers, people sneaking up with ECM with their wingmen, using active radar, the jet physics themselves not even talking about actually being able to hit your opponents constantly. Now tell me, what does it take to be effective in the mAA? Even my little brother could 'learn' to use this thing and press LMB1 every once in a while aiming in the general direction of an aircraft and laughing as it drops to the ground.
For some people everyone who steps in a jet apparently instantly becomes a pro :D
The only thing that pisses me off about it is the mobility hit.
Do some people (the few plus their thousand alt accounts) have vietnam flashbacks when they hear the sound of aircraft or where does this irrational butthurt come from? Some people seriously need help.
For someone who could never test golmud on night, how is the jet combat on this map? I have a hars time to imagine how dogfights are supposed to work.
Quality of discussion really dropped on this sub lately. I guess holiday season and people are bored.
Downvote for an objective observation. Stay classy
