yes, the bill mollison designers manual plus edible forest gardens contains more information than every other permaculture book combined. especially for the temperate area you are in
budget? indoor outdoor?
pushing people to trump
a hobby with positive economic outcome for me personally.
Many people dont realize that ag lease rates are incredibly low and much cheaper than purchasing on payments.
maine is short season and needs a lot of land for growing fuel wood. most of the soil is infertile as well
as long as the gulf stream doesnt screw up ireland is choice.
3 acres will keep you busy and well fed. Once you get everything running smooth you can just start working way less hours at a "real job" because you dont need to work for others to get basic necessities. and considering you make drugs you may retire early
have you ever pooed in the streets though, its so worth it
This is like 90% of the native forest in puna district
they had the tubes sitting in open feces right before putting them in the tanks
one would think that but if food prices become too high for the 1st world lower classes there may still be turmoil. EBT cards were shut off and it caused some small riots in the usa already i think.
This is a good point which can lead people to the strategy of decommoditifying their products by selling not just X commodity but instead Free range organic grassfed sustainable nutrient density enhanced bird friendly shade grown fair trade X .
all these people would have the land around them immediately purchased by foreign corporations and these rednecks would be minimum wage slaves for the "orientals"
i concur
i dont understand what your saying. please clarify
who is saying 10degrees 100 meter sea level rise? how did i misrepresent skepticism?
i brilliant, u dumber
how am i misrepresenting the position of skeptics?
10 degrees Fahrenheit is the **lowest** estimate of the 2100 ipcc BAU scenario. What are you talking about when you say it isnt reasonable.
Business as usual gets us 8.5 *Celsius* according to the conservative ipcc. that is MUCH hotter than 10 Fahrenheit
your a silly little troll
What is your budget?
if they took the lower end of the ipcc business as usual scenario they would still be showing major warming
Did anyone notice this baby looks exactly like bill burr
