At least they didn't include an application.
Try the stock barrel and back? or a wider diameter freak insert?
The first picture appears to be of a dragonboat team. :)
Then it's a bit high. Counter offer with $400.
- Paisley - Polka dot - Vomit
Mine is a 14.4kbps modem handshake.
They're "free-range"!!!
Slippery Slope
MicroSD slot? Really??
I saw the reply before it was deleted. Their answer was that they could "mostly" cover it, but needing $22k isn't really "mostly" to me. $22k is like asking for a car.
The Oscar Meyer wiener song.
I'm curious about the opposite. For example, how does LuthorCorp stay in business? Wouldn't the association with Lex Luthor be a PR nightmare?
This is the best answer.
The same things that cause me to not believe there's a Kali, Zeus, Odin, Shiva, or any other gods; lack of evidence.
If you're being overtaken on the right, you're probably in the wrong lane. Remember, there are signs that remind people that "Slow Traffic Keep Right".
Just tell people you have no belief in the supernatural.
The sky will shoot back, but has terrible aim.
Well the whole reason for "safe and sane" was due to the number of injuries seen in emergency rooms due mostly to stupid people.
You'll have to replace the plug at least, but you might be able to fix the socket. Turn off power at the breaker box. Then remove the socket from the wall and see if you can somehow dig out or push out the broken piece.
Being grossed out by how your food gets from farm to table is a 1st world problem. Before the advent of centralized slaughterhouses in the meat industry, we weren't so detached from the process. And even so, Europeans don't have these kinds of qualms about meat.
Cake day to the face!
Why didn't the person ordering this simply say, "No pickles or mustard"?
If you could identify it, it wouldn't be a UFO!
Except when they get it wrong. That seems like a reason.
/r/kaylarynn, Normally requests should be made by users that meet the karma requirement, but I'll let this pass for now. You should provide her username if you expect people to chat with her though.
