Absolutely. Hooked me on reading again after a decade or so hiatus. Blew through the whole Silo series in fact.
Wow. She sounds like a two year old testing your boundaries. This does not bode well for cohabiting my friend.
After reading the comments, regardless of fault, one perspective I haven't seen mentioned (I don't think,) and possibly the reason she's still with you - she's fine in a relationship without kids. Right now she's got exactly what she wants. In this particular situation, I'm sorry to say, it's going to have to be you to do the dumpin' if you want crumb-snatchers that bad.
Why so concerned with what she was doing when she wasn't "with" you? Doesn't really seem relevant imo.
Money vs. no money. Whether it's "enough" or not is irrelevant in this particular situation. You take any job if you don't have a job and need money, then you look for a better job. Seems like you need to boot her in order for her to get motivated / educated to this reality. Sounds like she's quite content being supported for... 3 years now! Oh yeah. Pig in mud. Hell, I'll move in with you if you'll support me! I don't even have a baby!! ;P Bottom line though, you don't want to be with her - so, she needs to go. Since you do care about her though, maybe talk to her about this and give her a couple of months warning before the cutoff? Another poster mentioned speaking with a lawyer - after supporting her and her child and living with her for so long, there may indeed be grounds for support - I have zero experience in this, but it may be worth researching in regards to your locale.
Definite insecurity issues there. Maybe some hints of crazy - tread carefully. That was part of your life. There's nothing wrong imo with having simple pictures of an ex (nudes may be a bit more touchy). You shouldn't have to convince her. I believe pretty much everybody has pics of an ex. Hell, I've had a couple of framed pics of a couple of ex's out for years and maintained a great relationship for a year + with a woman. I never speak with them anymore, but they are responsible for who I am today &amp; taught me some important lessons in life that I'm reminded of when looking at them. She asked who they were once, I explained, and that was the end of that - continue great relationship! (in hindsight, maybe having them out in frames is indeed a bit much - she sure didn't give two shits though)
Ha! The '14 senior motto was "Excelsior".
Sounds like there's some enabling there. Possibly some growing up that needs to be done. Taking you for granted maybe. edit: oh, you added all the diagnoses (ADHD et al). I am not one who was made or trained to deal with that symphony of insanity. Sounds like he's still got a ways to go with fixing all that. You know that saying - you can't make somebody else happy unless you can make yourself happy (or something to that effect). Seems like he's not *quiiiite* there.
Dude. When she gets back, sneak into her change purse, &amp; get those nads back. Sounds like she thinks the ring's already on her finger. You're 21!? I think you should see other people (that are old enough to go out as well) &amp; have some friggin' fun while you're young! Let her waste her youth at home with no friends (?) doing... whatever.
Eh, sry hun. Sounds like this one's done. People change. People change their minds. Sounds like you actually want someone different as well (he's a heavy gamer - sounds like you're not, you want to do stuff - doesn't sound like he likes doing stuff). Quickie outside view - cut your losses, find somebody who doesn't game as much and enjoys doing stuff! (&amp; the texting thing, when in an agreeable relationship with a girl - I certainly make it a point to *not* text females frequently, attractive or not, frequently - I mean, wtf? Maybe I'm old fashioned.) Edit: words
Ugh - serial monogamist myself. Sux huh?! Is there a future time period (a specific date maybe?) that you'll be able to spend more time with him? There's no way you can *make* more time for him? Once a week does seem a bit slim (to me anyway - had a long distance relationship where we'd get together for weekends about once every two weeks). He just needs more than you apparently have available right now. I ceased dating a girl fairly recently for the same reason (well, the main reason) - haven't dated since, but definitely happier and back on the prowl.
As a straight guy, the best rejection EVER is... "oh... sorry... I'm actually a lesbian." I mean... she's not even attracted to your entire gender!! It's literally nothing "wrong" with you. I say go for it.
Just read the tldr... it's ok to get over an ex. (?)
You went through his phone without his permission after dating him for a month. Regardless of what you found... something ain't right here.
Wow... the one girl you've slept with gets to sleep with somebody else. Pretty sure I'd be more concerned (if you end up staying with her,) about the resentment in the future of YOU not getting to sleep with anybody else. I'm a horndog though. Hope she's ready to be in the doghouse for a long time. Also... 7 years, and just now discussing marriage? Seems odd.
Ah duh. You are correct, that is not crazy.
With moondoggie on this one - women initiating is HAWT. Seems like he just needs a little direction. Throw a spark of confidence his way, maybe it'll set his manliness ablaze! (lol?)
If you're married, why is he going out with "female friends" (even if there are other people there)? If I were married, *especially* if I'd cheated, my utmost concern - if I wanted to retain my marriage, would be not to make my wife feel uncomfortable or suspicious of me in any way. If my theoretical wife was always hanging out with "guy friends" without me I'd probably be a wreck too. Meh - I'm old fashioned. Perhaps he doesn't know it makes you feel this way? May be time for some couples counseling.
Sounds like you're the one who isn't happy. You want a girlfriend that has time for you and isn't a stoner. Seems fairly reasonable. If she's not willing to put in some effort to free up some time between work and weed for you, I see no end to your plight.
Can't believe this isn't higher. The most emotionally draining movie I've seen in a long time. (course, long time SW fan)
Indeed. Sounds like a giant pain in the ass. (TLDR - don't book via 3rd party.)
Indeed. I would personally still afford my parents a large amount of leeway / say-so in my life if still (even partially) depending on them for financial support / shelter.
You likely have her past experience to thank for her rocking your world. ;P
&gt;I am so afraid that she will come here and I personally will be like, "no I don't want this, it was a mistake" and I don't want her to fly all that way for nothing. Uh... so tell her not to come?
How can this situation even come up? If I were considering dating one of my friends ex's.... I'd fucking ask?! "Hey, would it bother you if I dated /u/S3MC? Oh no? Not cool? I completely understand man. No worries bud."
