don't forget WVU, they'll bring their couch burning expertise
I wonder if we'll finally get the hard proof that Paterno knew
UCF just earned BC's vote to join the ACC
China has job turnover around ~40% year one and between 25-33% every other year. They myth that people should be loyal to a corporation is a western sentiment, while it sucks to manage people flowing in and out like that, it makes sense given wage and promotion stagnation. It's tough to leave a small organization, but fuck large corporations, I'm just another employee ID in a database somewhere.
http://i.imgur.com/dgH8ht8.gif
Oh Penn and their \#Unryvuhld
THE CIVIL **CONFLICT**
It's going to be like Texsa, but bigger
You've got to be fucking kidding me ...
So Texsa was actually a typo.. for Texsas, the plural for Texas
I wonder what direction Adidas would bring Rutgers....
It looks like something Louisville would wear :-( I appreciate the effort though
&gt; It makes the Penn State fans come across as arrogant which, in turn, makes them sound like Penn State fans FTFY
a bunch of random pointless banter, a couple full pages of arrancar, Aizen says something condescending, a reveal of Ginjo in the last panel
I don't know how I feel about this
CONFERENCE CHAMPIONS FOREVER
I thought I read that a lot of their revenue assumptions were based on being in C-USA
I'm going to have to reference this week 1 when Temple shocks the world with a big W over Penn State
Yes, sure it would kill the fun.. but my finances would get sooo much better after all of that sports betting
The we miss having a knight as our "rival" cup (baby come back)
I'm not in the freedom delivering business, I just wave tiny american flags
This is why Arkansas is afraid to play them
Don't you mean UConn and USF? We all know that the Bulls are secretly behind this.
Everything in college football revolves around the oldest football university, it's just logic. Also, I didn't say anything about a rivalry, you won inexplicably - had we kept running the ball or benched a guy who was clearly struggling, that game could have very well went the other way.
there's also /u/hm101 and... umm.. others
