Agreed, but not this much this early into the race, at least as far as I could remember.
yup
No flames in the cockpit. Can't say the same about under the helmet.
Damn. Was hoping for Elliott to pull it off. Oh well. Still very impressive in his rookie season though. Just a matter of time.
So looks like someone's going through a table tonight.
Said it before, will say it again, would be nice if this New Era means a return to proper use of the Titantron.
Well this ought to be interesting
"Who in their right mind puts themselves in a triple threat match?" No one. Dean Ambrose did, but he isn't in a right mind. Clearly. 👍🏼
Reminded of the first Chicago RAW after CM Punk left. Hit them from the start with some Living Colour. &amp; speaking of him: https://youtu.be/7Ms0DFxpptk
Will be bittersweet watching the (season) finale in about a minute. Hope they get the opportunity elsewhere. Agree with those that said the show was getting better and that they were getting chemistry built among them. Sort of ironic that the last (possible) episode of Top Gear US ends up in Cuba.
BBC Worldwide, which produced Top Gear USA, issued a statement confirming the series' end on History while remaining optimistic about the show's future. "History treated Top Gear USA with great care, and the show had a solid five-season contractual run with the network," a BBC Worldwide Productions spokesperson said. "We are fully committed to the hugely successful Top Gear brand -- known all over the world -- and have begun exploring new opportunities for the series in the US."
"If you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way, because I'll tell you what, no computer is safe." Donald J. Trump expressed deep misgivings about technology during his brief exchange with reporters positioned outside his Grand Ballroom.
I'm guessing it doesn't give notifications for breaking news?
Still glad to say I watched that car from a grandstand perspective
I was waiting for the ring bell, but that was the weapon 😕
http://www.serebiiforums.com/showthread.php?653815-Amourshipping-Thread-V3&amp;p=18312372#post18312372 Snippets of interview with Tetsuo Yajima (Pokémon XYZ Director &amp; Storyboard Artist for XYZ Episode 47) Also some extra points: *The kiss scene is indeed meant to be Serena kissing Ash, and his reaction to it is surprised awe, any ambiguity the scene has is so they could get it on TV in the first place. *Likewise, you're meant to hope and assume the two of them are going to become a couple later. *The idea to have a romance subplot apparently came from producer Shukichi Kanda, who came up with the idea of portraying things through a female lead's admiration for Ash, which then led to the suggestion that they'd have a flashback to a childhood meeting with romantic implications.
Mmm, wonder how Kofi is not going to be eliminated this year?
Dang. Spear.
[Yup](https://youtu.be/m08nRUUUKko)
I'll give it a shot. Ironically that was also the name of the app I was using prior (with a + added on)
Same here. They've been other videos discussing it but are probably premature given the more details released &amp; on the opposite end now that they have been more details there would be others coming. Not sure but I heard there are to be more details coming in a subsequent interview in March. I'm thinking now that's actually not the case(?)
When Serena says "Thanks!" is she saying it to Ash or the group? (I think it was Ash) Just curious what others think as there are people who think it was to the latter.
[Heyman &amp; Layfield sure have come a long way...](https://youtu.be/-7AoX3LkxpA)
Think the ring announcers have the same feeling
New year New Ziggler
