You can do either. I'd just buy it a the station and use the $8 you get on it to start - then register it online at http://www.smartrip.com (only one T) and you can set it to auto reload every so often.
You'd think they have Internet or something.
I just graduated 6 months ago and made $90k right out of school. I don't see what's so difficult.
I don't think you realize how much trains cost to run. MARC has been operating at a huge loss for years, which is why they started charging surcharges for WV users since they weren't even getting tax money from those riders. Now the tax money they do get from Marylanders isn't cutting it, so yeah, fare increase. At least it's not Metro which jacks it up every year for continuously shitty service. I've always found MARC to be pretty decent and the only issues I've ever had with them are really CSX's fault.
&gt;I'm pretty sure Netflix will lose a big portion of it's subscribers if they do put ads in. This sounds familiar. Remember when they wanted to charge double if you wanted streaming *and* DVDs? They had call centers set up specifically *for* cancellation and weren't even trying to retain customers. Everyone canceled in droves and they *did not care.* They're still successful. They still will be if they put ads in too.
Dickie's wasn't bad for being a chain.
&gt;The landlord CBRE, the monarchs of Clarendon. They're the devil. They don't even fix shit when it breaks.
I've long found that each Arlington borough is reasonably dominated by one landowner/developer that either bought this early on while it was all still farms or bought/inherited it from someone who did the former. CBRE runs almost all of Clarendon, Monday Properties runs almost all of Rosslyn, Vornado Charles E. Smith runs almost all of Crystal City... I'm pretty sure that's where these BIDs come from that host these movie nights, etc. I don't have a source to back it up but it just reeks of that developer trying to drag people into *"their"* borough to spend money at *"their"* lessee's businesses... they're treating the County basically like a bunch of giant malls.
I've primarily used the Brunswick line and I think have rode the others only once each, so the only thing I can qualify those for is that the Penn line usually gets nicer/newer trains... the Brunswick line gets some old ass cars (I rode one with literally just benches once, no plush seat covers, it was like being in church) but I've never experienced engine failure (though I have heard stories). I've only ever experienced delays because there was a freight train slowly working through the block and since it's all CSX's right-of-way, MARC gets second priority and has no choice but to wait. On your note about the one engine always breaking down, this reminds me of my university's bus system - the buses were constantly in the shop for something because they were 15 years old and had easily a half-million miles on them. The university would never buy a new one for $400k because it was only $30k to fix it...even after the 15 fixes it would take to show that buying a new one was cheaper, it came down to this: the "buying new shit" budget and "cost of doing business" budget were not only two different buckets, but run by two very different departments. Buses breaking down was a cost of doing business and they kept handing out blank checks. Buying a new bus? Fuck that we don't have that kind of money! If my private university did that, there's not a doubt in my mind the MTA does it even worse.
It is. My company only gives me $100/month and it's piling up...I have over $700 on my SmarTrip at this point just because I never even use that much to get there.
Is there a fucking store somewhere where people buy those donuts? I'm perplexed when I see cars with all 4 tires as spares. Your car only comes with one!
Refresh - this was just redacted.
/r/politics is full of people who have no prospects and no jobs because they're the typical Redditor - a neck beard who likes cats and has zero marketable skills and probably zero social skills. They complain because they just lack the impetus to get out there and invest the effort to get a good job or a good education…they would rather be lazy and are jealous of those of us who are successful. TL;DR don't listen to them. I feel like they represent a very small portion of liberals, which is why they're all touting Bernie Sanders and Hilary will still, unfortunately, win the primaries by a landslide.
I use my PayPal to pay for something like once a year now. With Stripe and all of the other easier and simpler payment gateways out there, the need to use PayPal is dwindling. I don't even shop on eBay anymore.
FYI the Department of the Interior oversees the National Park Service, etc.
Voted.
For cutting funding from an organization that overpays employees who do very little. Yeah, fuck fiscal responsibility.
&gt; Decreasing funding for any product usually improves quality and responsiveness. It should. Fix your shit, or get cut again until you've got nothing left. If you want money, do it right.
&gt;Perfect, this will definitely help us stop all those metro fires and metro doors opening while trains are in service. No, what will help that is not hiring exclusively out of PG and/or the area jails.
That's only about $1k a year, so yeah, I could probably cut back on iTunes purchases. But if I were performing as poorly as Metro, I'd be surprised to be getting paid at all.
Incorrect. I live in DC which is way above the national average for pay and cost of living, and carriers here get 50k.
I'm not going to go hunting for the article, but there was a WaPo article a while back that showed with overtime pay, a lot of these operators were getting around $80,000. That's upper-middle pay for a desk job in this area. An industrial job where you push a lever, open and close doors, and mumble station names doesn't warrant the same amount of pay and yes, only deserves maybe in the neighborhood of $40,000. I wouldn't mind it so much if they weren't such insufferable people. I've yet to meet a pleasant Metro employee besides the cheery guy on the Orange Line who actually enunciates. The rest of them mumble into the speaker, and most of the station managers give you attitude whenever you ask them to do anything that involves getting up out of the chair.
Let's assume that someone rides *just* minimum fare (your average 'poor' you're martyring probably goes a bit farther than that) every day of the month (I'll include weekends because some people also use Metro for recreational functions). That's $2.10x2x20 for rush on workdays and $1.75x2x10 for the rest = about $119/month *at minimum.* My car lease is $99, my insurance is $50, and gas is about $50 a month too for a total of $200. Not only is that not much more than the above calculations, but also your average Metro rider probably has their transit subsidized OR is spending at least $200/month because they're going farther than the minimum fare I generously used in my example. I'm not saying everyone should get a car, but I'm not going to have some hippie tell me that getting a vehicle is too expensive. It's fucking cheap if you're not an idiot.
Sure. Driving a bus honestly looks like fun. I like driving big vehicles. I'm moving a 1-bedroom apartment next week and reserved a 30-foot UHaul just because. As far as the "not so good parts of DC," maybe if they quit being such pansies about firearms and I could protect myself.
&gt;I checked out the Metro job posting &gt;I did not look at WMATA listings Metro and WMATA are one in the same, especially on their jobs site.
