Hey I know a lot of the guys with XXX are really fast do they have a "older/fatter/slower" group...still like to ride but the truly competitive days are over?
Yep I worked for a lawyer and it took him 90 days. In the winter it takes longer.
Strength training at this age is priority number one, reason being is that she's been losing muscle mass for over 20 years. It can be reversed but not time to dilly dally. In addition her bone density is probably for shit, very common with woman and older people in general and strength training will help increase her bone density. This is really important as a broken bone can be the difference between living at home or living in a nursing home. Obviously cardio is great but she can get this by taking a walk every night after dinner, the gym isn't necessary. Honestly a good linear progression weight program with squats (think about the trouble older people have getting out of chairs/couches) and deadlifts scaled to her current abilities would probably be best for her.
I know lots of masters athletes that do plyos but they also can squat a lot of weight. The Russians used plyos to eek out an extra percentage or two out of there high-end athletes. This after they eek out everything they could from weight training. What drives me crazy is weak athletes doing plyos they are just setting themselves up for injury, they should be squatting. Plyos shouldn't really be done until you can at the very least squat your own weight. I think a lot of people think they should be doing plyos because they see it on TV and because Crossfit.
that's the point, companies skirt around their beloved excuse of supply and demand by rigging the system (via paying off the government) and bringing their supply from another country(s)
when I was 20 I used to work out at the same gym as this [monster](http://tnation.t-nation.com/free_online_forum/sports_body_training_performance_bodybuilding_strength/ed_coan_still_the_king) . Granted I weighed 145lbs but yea I'm squatting 225 and he's pressing 315.
My buddy died a few weeks ago at 47. He had a wife and two little girls. He also had his first heart attack at 33. We both work/worked in a high stress environment where I don't move very much. I don't want to join my friend.
GO TO CLASS! schedule your classes in the afternoon if you can, while 8:00am seems fine in Highschool it's painful in college.
Don't believe the hype. We have lots of talented tech people in the US. What we don't have is cheap, talented tech workers. But yes there is work but don't kid yourself as soon as they can figure a way to offshore development those jobs are gone.
I work for one of the largest IT companies in the world (for quite a while). In my opinion I think we are seeing another "internet bubble" but this time more software focused. The same crazy shit that was happen in the 90's with everything IT is going on with software development. No product, just an idea, your company is wroth $20MM. We'll see if I'm right.
Wasn't there some parent out in the burbs somewhere that bought a house across the street from his kids school so his kid would have a place to park his car?
Give me a break. You can't get 60% of the population to vote, do you really think they will revolt.
You have a lot of balls in the air. First regarding the gym. Check out the linear progression program (there are several) it starts easy but you progress every time you you lift (for a beginner this can last for months). Spend a little money and get a trainer to show you how to properly execute the lifts, I know they look simple but there is some technique involved. The nice thing about lifting is the increased muscle mass will burn more calories so even if your diet is messed up you will go in the right direction. Cardio, try to walk and hour a day even if it's broken into 15 minutes segments it's a plus. You know to skip/cut back on beer, but hey you are in Germany -drink in moderation. Finish your damn dissertation! Exercise has been shown to improve motivation and concentration -use the boost you'll get to get you over the finish line with the PHD. As far as the job, I understand completely I have the same type of job. Of my 10 co-workers 5 have had heart attacks in the last 3 years and two have died. My motivation is I don't want to join them, let that sink in because you sound like you are on the same path. Good luck, don't start off too hard DOMS sucks and remember it will feel easier in a few weeks I promise.
If you are in support remember you are really in customer service, just like a waiter in a restaurant. Be nice, be respectful and do your best. Don't be a dick. Grow a thick skin you will be called an asshole by everyone. One last thing there are many ways to do something and your way is one of them. Don't ever say, "the last guy didn't know what he was doing", that is an amerature move, just say "This is interesting". You reputation will go a long way so protect it. One last thing, long ago I was told my biggest problem is I make things look too easy. Don't do this, if they expect something to take a week and you can do it in an hour, take a 4 days to let them know you are do. If it look easy even if it isn't people won't value it.
I work at a huge IT company so I work with a lot of older 50s/60s engineers and these guys are a breed of their own. I think the biggest thing is that they really like to tinker (break/screw around with) everything. They like to take stuff apart and god help us if the read about something somewhere because they will try it out. Same goes for my uncle PHD in aeronautical engineering, he's in his 80's but he's always tinkering with something, it could be anything from his home network to wrenching on cars to improving manufacturing processes (yeah he still works because he likes it)
Never trust your manager. Don't get me wrong I've been friendly and have friends that were my manager but when it comes to work do not trust them with your livelihood. It's very simple, once you get past the idealism of your 20's you realize you have a family to support (if only you), bills to pay and a house to keep over your head, when push comes to shove who do you choose you/your family or your boss/friend. I can answer that question from the bosses side, he will choose him and his family -you need to do the same.
Well stripping the family of their wealth is stupid but it begs the question what is the intent of the sentence. If it is to rehabilitate him back into society, the the punishment should probably be an anger management class and maybe AA. If the sentence is meant to punish him so he doesn't do something stupid like this again then the fine should be high enough to cause some pain and the public service should be working with/for peasants long enough that he learns either respect for all people or the ability to keep his mouth shut.
I agree about the jail time, the people would end up picking up the tab, he'd be released as soon as he was booked (seems to happen to every rich person in LA) or he'd go to a private country club prison where he'd work on he tan and tennis game. In this case I believe the sentence is meant to be punishment and to this little asshole any amount of community service is probably punishment. My hope is that they give him the "worst/hardest" community service they can find, not picking up garbage on the side of the road with the DUI convicts. Maybe working with the extremely poor and sick, this kid needs a reality check and maybe this sentence will be it.
but..but...but....the free market says that Uber is priced perfectly right now, not too high not too low. If they raise their rates won't they lose money?
People also tend to forget that the 90% tax bracket applied to only a few people in the country probably less than 100. If it were to be put back into place it probably wouldn't kick in until you were making in the 100's of millions. I really wouldn't feel to bad about somebody making that kind of money paying higher taxes.
and if you believe in the free market that's good because you give the opportunity for somebody else to make the money you don't want.
that would be Whiting, Hammond is paradise.
I'm in the tech field (20+ years), I'm hoping to squeeze out another 12-15 years. It's a moving target, you will always be learning something new trying to remain relevant. There is a lot of automation going on and so many IT departments are being collapsed into "the cloud" the job market will get tighter. There seems to be a lot of work in development but a lot of that work is BS companies trying to be the next whatsapp. I suggest dental school.
While I do agree about the wage stagnation I do think there is another problem. Regarding the millennials, I don't think they have value other people's work. What I mean is everything to them is about the lowest price and free is better. They don't buy music they steal it, they do not value the musicians work or the work of all the people involved in it's production and the same goes for all types of media, if it's not free it will be stolen. Same goes for all this "sharing economy" non-sense. No need for hotels or cab drivers or owning cars - just use them as needed. They are screwing themselves and they don't know or don't care.
with the ACA you are no longer bound to your employer. Before if you had a pre-existing condition and you left your company you'd be SOL, that isn't the case now. I'd love single payer, a quicker solution might be to add medicare to the unemployment insurance package and screw Cobra.
