And 9 years after the battle of the Beanfeild, Thatcher introduced the 1994 Criminal Justice bill, completing the demonisation of hippies, ravers, youth culture and those that just dare to be different.
Don't you tell me what I can do or not do. I'm going to give you an up vote because I have no idea what the solution to your problem is.
Ha - I'm going to up vote this as well now even though its a reply to a post that has been deleted. All hail chaos!!
Cost of living up, income down to 2000 levels, increase in VAT, Wife lost her job due to government funding cuts - small adjustment in income tax threshold.
I'd go all out for the [dick move](http://www.gear4music.com/PA-DJ-and-Lighting/800W-PA-Bundle-with-Power-Amp-Speakers-and-Cables/ODF) personally. Crank it up for a week then politely ask to discuss noise reduction. Edit: I don't give good advice!
So, a family with 2 kids is going to get £440. Does anyone know of anywhere in the UK you can rent a 3 bedroom house for £440 p/m? As an aside, if you have a few quid, now is the time to convert your property to a B&amp;B and charge £60 per room per night to the council as emergency housing. Your going to get a very good return for your investment...
&gt;“Hundreds of schools, often in disadvantaged areas, are already being turned around thanks to the help of strong academy sponsors" Really,I thought only the first schools to go through the process of acadmaisation were only just starting to go through OFSTEAD inspections. I remember reading that about 63% of schools that had been acadamised were now doing worse that they were before they were privatised. That said, there is an issue with new academies being counted as new schools and a few changes to OFSTEAD so quantifying any loss or gain before and after is, I believe almost impossible anyway, so however you look at this, Morgan is speaking out of her arse again. On a personal note - my kids school was acadamised and it's gone down hill fast. Unfortunately there appears to be no way to sack the academy in charge or swap them for a different, more able provider.
It saves the government money, negates their responsibility to provide education (if it fails) and you can make a shit load of money if you supply the academy trusts.
&gt; If they don't like a trust, they can leave it and join a different one. How does this work in practice? There certainly isn't a complaints procedure in place out side of the trust itself. My kids school is run by an Academe Trust and we (parents, governors and staff) seem unable to find *any* way to change them for a different, more able provider.
Good or bad, a job is a job, but it does look like the NE is the only place in the country where unemployed family's will be able to live.
high-quality jobs.... that are deeply involved with the international arms trade.
Thanks for the reply. The contract / agreement is very wooly and was signed I believe by the LEA.
Oh! Yeah... Ummm my bad!
Hmmm... Still think I might retire to a beach in Mozambique though.
I would agree with you but unfortunately circumstance sometimes dictates that an ideal situation is not possible.
Thanks for the reply
HaHa... I can tell you don't have kids. Threat my arse. Produce a "Fun / Treat sized" anything and you get to see a whole range of emotions from quivering lipped disappointment through to violent rage. On the other hand, get a normal mars bar and just it up into six equally sized (but smaller bits) and they are more than happy.
Not at all. Its weird though because I can cut up a mars bar into 6 equal bits and they love it, even though its about 10% smaller than an individual fun sized one. Its like they realise the whole fun sized thing is a con and would prefer to share the standard sized one. Mind you, it might just be the older ones trolling me and getting the little girls to back them with violent protest. Pro tip - Never train females to be strong willed and confident individuals.
Personally I stopped smoking when I couldn't get hold of resins easily.
Don't be stupid - With GCHQ watching us and plans to remove the human rights act, the government is working damn hard to make sure there will never be a revolution. All you are going to get is a deliberately ill educated working class watched over by a ruling elite. Anyone with half a brain and a chance of escaping will have left to live somewhere else.
Neither is cutting benefits for the disabled, monitoring the entire population or scrapping human rights. Admittedly the housing crisis and explosion in zero hours contracts is subjective though as a lot of people are making a lot of money out of exploiting both. As I said, it boils down though to what you call a "functional country".
Fair enough. If someone told me it was spicy chicken, I would probably eat it regardless of how much or little I had had to drink. Fucking sea snails though - that's just minging.
Apple crumble is a good idea. I'm meant to be showing them what great food we have here and you want me to serve them gurle like some 13c peasant? I'm from Cornwall and not Scotland. I don't have to make them eat stuff like that!
As a family man myself, I would go for both options.
:(
