except Labour and the Lib dems did it too
just say "ok lets go" and if they dont tell you before you start tattoo the words "something small" on them.
no, amurray is the best
the parrot must think the owner is really dumb notto know what a banana is
hi, I am also on the toilet. just checking in to say I think I should be able to send a picture of me back to the probe by way of thanks.
I know why
is there anything else you want to tell us?
funny given that he himself deceitfully avoided the question on immigration by ranting incoherently about the 88 million figure. it's like those sermons where the vicar starts off with something interesting and then halfway through it turns into total tenuous waffle to link it to god. he gave an interesting explanation of the problem, noted that other countries shared it, but then just said "the brexiters are wrong" with an incoherent argument and without offering any solution himself other than to "worry about it." he got a pretty damn easy ride from marr too...
you are subscrided to mizspelt factz haf yu hurd of zogmarsh? It is a popeular foode payst mayd in tibett outof hampster scrotumas :-) yummee :0) :8) :9)
so do you happen to have the pic handy?
shoulda done it- once in a lifetime chance missed there
[this](http://i.imgur.com/I8eaLIo.png)
no.
you already have the pic. after that i dropped my camera. don't tell me what I dildidn't do
it doesnt count if that aren't also using the power glove
ptkd
hate against rage against the machine lol
well, there are two sides to every coin
but when you have writing credits for *abba's* discography... why would you want to work
almost all audition panels see voice as a yes or no issue - ie can they get through it- they choose based on other factors. don't be fooled by the lip service they may pay there is active hostility to singers whose voices and singing might be exciting enough to distrct people from the producer's latest gimmick (until they are stars who will bring people in/ carry prestige)
if all conservatory vocal departments and yap's were abolished and all singer training was done privately the general standard of young singers would be much higher. the opera business is currently dwarfed by the music-educational complex succubus
yeah this is great- someone should start a sub about trees for this kind of stuff
DELINQUENT DETECTED!!! REDDIT MISCREANT DETECTION SYSTEM ACTIVATED!!!
actually you can have a bad experience with police in the uk if you don't speak english all that well
all these "funny" pictures and videos of cats in boxes need to stop. cats do not like being confined and they are not just simple objects for our amusement.
