That's going to make it look completely bizarre, like a triangular spruce lollipop on a stick, and it's only going to get even more bizarre as the tree matures and gets bigger. A natural spruce outline includes the branches sweeping softly all the way down to the ground. Lopping off the lower branches 8 feet up is ugly IMO. Much better to let it go as unworkable. There is also the issue of the home's foundation. A large tree like that needs to be at least 20 feet away.
Where are you located? Precisely when did you transplant them? Did they flower in previous years? How long had they been living next to the driveway? Are you asking about the ones you moved, or the ones still next to the driveway, or both?
Why is it like that? Did someone prune it, or disease, or what?
&gt; I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area My understanding of the article is that it depends on the species. &gt;I guess I have to trust (or hope) that local commercial nurseries grow speices suited to this area You really have to know your nursery. Some of them are simply outlets for mass market stuff, in which case they're going to sell whatever is the most popular.
Nothing is going to grow in the dense shade under the maple. You can grow greens and lettuce in dappled shade. If you can pick a spot that gets the full blast of the 6 hours of direct, continuous sunlight, without being filtered through any tree leaves, you can grow peppers, tomatoes, etc. A 6x6 box is going to need stepping stones in the middle to enable you to reach the center without walking on the soil,which compacts it. Raised beds tend to be multiples of 4 feet wide, not 6, such as 4x4, 4x8 etc This is because the average human can reach 2 feet into a bed while kneeling at the side, so a 4 foot wide bed allows you to reach the center from either side without stepping on the soil.
Oaks, hickories, walnuts, and hornbeams have deep roots, but they're all slow-growing, and I have no idea how good they are at "soaking" up groundwater. Where are you located? What spot in your landscaping are you trying to fill with a tree?
Not sure how you're defining "flat", but Fannie Farmer's Banana Bread has been my go-to for years, and it's definitely rounded. http://www.grouprecipes.com/14816/fanny-farmers-banana-nut-bread.html The bananas should be black-ripe, and you should mash them with a potato masher to nearly liquid. You can omit the whole eggs and just use egg whites if you're cooking for low-cholesterol people. The strange thing is that it uses no fat or oil at all, so it's also suitable for low-fat diet.
&gt;It's called jasmine. That's what they mean by jasmine when the mention jasmine. There are a lot of different plants that go by the colloquial name "jasmine", and in this particular case, the plant that the OP is asking about isn't a jasmine at all.
They need the equivalent of an inch of rain every week, so if it doesn't rain all week, you'll need to water them. Also if your weather turns hot, dry, and windy, they'll need some extra waterings until they're established and start putting out new growth.
Cantaloupe = watermelon, basically. Same regimen, same care, same pests. Large melons take longer to come ripe, but Moon and Stars is smaller so not as lengthy a wait. Bunnies figure that canteloupe = watermelon, too. You need a bunny fence. Any wire fence will do, but either : A. the bottom wire needs to be pegged tight to the ground so Bun can't push his head and shoulders under it, and shove it up, and wriggle under. or B. The bottom 12" or so needs to be buried. or C. You lay out the bottom 12" flat on the ground next to the fence, in an L-shape. If there's plenty of other food around, a simple wire fence may be enough to discourage them. Note that a full-grown rabbit can wriggle easily through a chain link fence opening, so any wire fencing has to have openings smaller than that. Chicken wire, or hardware cloth.
Plants that will root from cuttings will root eventually, given the right conditions. All that the rooting hormone does is speed up the process, which means that the cutting has a better chance of evading rot while it's waiting for its new roots. Some plants root so readily from cuttings, suckers, and shoots that there's no need to use rooting hormone. Some plants that will root eventually from cuttings, suckers, and shoots will benefit from using rooting hormone to speed it up a bit. So, it depends.
Only if they get sprayed with the soap. It's not toxic the way that pesticides are. If they get enough of it on them, it's possible that they could be harmed. Think of the soapy water as nail polish remover, and a bug's waxy cuticle coating as the nail polish. How badly the nail polish gets messed up depends on how much nail polish remover gets on it.
Yes, but I'd combine it with an insecticidal soap, because spider mites are THE #1 indoor plant problem. You'll need to do repeated treatments, and frankly, if the seedlings aren't rare or exotic, personally I'd toss them (Hefty sack and landfill, not compost them) and start over. Spider mites are that bad, and that difficult to get rid of, and that contagious. &gt;my indoor garden has a bit of a spider mite issue This is kinda like saying, "I have a bit of a gonorrhea issue." A few squirts of neem aren't going to fix it in a couple of days.
How to prune lilacs. http://gardening.about.com/od/pruning/a/Pruning_Lilacs.htm Unless you're in Nunavut and your flowers have just now faded, it's too late in the season to prune. They bloom on old wood.
I'm assuming this is the back yard? You could have a lovely little cottage garden there of flowers, either annuals or perennials, or veg, except that you'd have to water them. I'd put a climbing rose up a trellis at the corner. Or you could grow tomatoes. If you seriously don't want to have to water, and it doesn't receive any natural rainfall at all due to the overhang, then you're looking at rocks, because the drought-tolerant xeriscaping plants native to the desert southwest can't survive a snowy, cold Pittsburgh winter. You could put in some native prairie plants like coneflowers and rudbeckia, which can get by with little water, but they can't survive with zero water. Some thoughts. They're still going to need *some* water. http://extension.psu.edu/prepare/emergencyready/drought/landscape/garden Talk to the Master Gardeners, see if they have any ideas. http://extension.psu.edu/counties
Go ahead and take them with you, because chances are excellent that they will be mowed as weeds after you leave.
Were they male or female blossoms? It's normal for male blossoms to be jettisoned, they only last for 1 day. Same for female, but if your plant is jettisoning female blossoms, it means they aren't being fertilized and you aren't going to get any veg, so you want to look into hand pollinating. Also, frequently zukes have trouble get their guys n gals coordinated, so it's not unusual to have males-only or females-only at first, which of course wither and die.
They are all run through state universities. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cooperative_State_Research,_Education,_and_Extension_Service#Cooperative_Extension_System
Bird netting is the method of choice.
I see that now, just FYI'ing you. I like single mums myself better than cushion mums.
http://www.lecreuset.com/cast-iron-mini-cocotte &gt;*Whether starting with an appetizer of warm spinach and artichoke dip or finishing a meal with individual portions of fruit cobbler, the Mini Cocotte is a versatile and convenient solution for both preparation and serving.* Use it like a ramekin. Eggs en cocotte.
I enjoy making general recommendations to people, but then I kinda assume that after that, you're going to take the ball and run with it, and start looking for things you like, not wait on me to tell you what to plant.
Ok. [Imgur](http://imgur.com/XVJ165K,wMqe7mI#0) Picture 1. You want to remove your front sidewalk and bump out the front foundation bed to about 3 feet wide, all the way across the front of the house towards the side door. You're going to keep the side walkway the way it is. The basement window well and the gas/electric meter make it what I call a "utility corridor". It's useless space for much gardening since the meter reader has to be able to access the meter. The blue crosshatching is an optional second flowerbed that you can put on the other side of the walk. It should be no wider than half the width of the new sidewalk. If you go wider than that, you start getting into serious perennial flower borders. You can have this blue crosshatch flowerbed run around the corner of the house and continue to parallel the sidewalk all the way to the side door, or you can stop it at the corner at a right angle, or you can make a curvy bit at the corner. It's up to you. There isn't really a right way or a wrong way. This bed can have any kind of flowers that you like. Perennials like daylilies and iris, annuals like petunias. Only thing is, they have to be smallish, say not over 18" high. This is because you don't want them hiding what's in the main foundation bed next to the house. The main foundation bed will have a trellis on the far left. It can be a rose or a vine like a clematis, or whatever. You need a vertical note there. If you don't want a vine and trellis, you can do a tall juniper or something, but it will need cutting back in a few years. The rest of the bed will be a mixed border, of either plain green shrubs and things like succulents, or flowering shrubs, or perennials, or a mix. The important thing is that they have rounded or curvy outlines--i.e. no rectangular yew shrubs, no boxy bushes made with the hedge clippers. You want soft curves because your house's facade is so right-angle geometric. Think floribunda rosebushes, not square evergreens. You want tallest things in back, but no taller than the bottom of the window. Then medium-sized things in the middle, and smallest things in front. You can continue the smallest things around the corner next to the house, in those dribs and drabs of soil in the utility corrider. Or put in some petunias or marigolds. Just because it's the utility corridor doesn't mean it can't have some flowers. There's a scribbly red tree at the corner of the house. This should be a small tree such as a Japanese maple, redbud, dogwood, birch, flowering crabapple/cherry/plum, or similar. It goes at a strategic spot on the corner at least 10 feet from the foundation (because of roots) which you will have to eyeball yourself. This softens the corner of the house and helps to hide the utility corridor. On the porch you have your planters, deck tubs, half-barrels, urns, whatever. It doesn't have to be four, but they should be symmetrical. Look at it from the street and see. Possibly a small decorative bench for guests instead of the patio table and chairs. Picture 2. Your bed to the right of the porch needs to have either (1) rounded things, or (2) curvy things. The window above the bed is so completely rectangular that the rectangular raised bed below it only hammers away at the rectangularness of the whole setup. Put some rounded, curvy, assymetrical things in the bed. They should reach almost to the windows. Your front yard looks good. That's an excellent specimen tree in the front, and good placement on whatever the large bush is in the right-hand corner. Someone was paying attention when they put those two things in. Overall, you have a classic American Prairie School ranch house as filtered through the lens of 20th century suburban domestic architecture, with the long, low silhouette, the narrow band of windows, and the deep overhanging eaves. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prairie_School So you want to go with classic American flowers and plants, things with soft, loose outlines like rudbeckia, coneflower, phlox, petunias. You want to avoid overly formal things like clipped boxwoods or rigorously pruned privets. Get with the Master Gardeners at the extension office for ideas for specific plants, they LOVE picking out plants for people.
Not a recommendation, just a "well, there it is." What did you search under? I used "watering timers". &gt;preferably under 50 dollars Probably going to be more. http://www.amazon.com/Orbit-56233D-3-Outlet-Digital-Watering/dp/B004PVK4GK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=watering+timers &gt;*Watering frequency from every 6 hrs up to every 7th day* http://www.amazon.com/MELNOR-4-Zone-Digital-Water-Timer/dp/B0094KM4VK/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1433593023&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=watering+timers
Anything you would cook on a grill. This is a good primer. http://www.thekitchn.com/kitchen-basics-how-to-use-your-112585
