Because people want to complain about graphics like it's not expensive to do, and they want a "Next Gen" game.
I love Proko... I just don't want to pay for his premium lessons without knowing the quality... Kinda like Gnomon Workshop. Sure, they are amazing artist, but most of them are crap as teachers. They really just sell videos of them just doing, rather than them teaching.
It's a CRPG... not really an RPG. These games are usually designed where your character creation choices won't matter. But... I am curious. Why would you think that you'd be treated special for a Death Godlike Monk? It is still a Kith, which means that it's one of the known races that are human. And hell... the entire game is set in a time of magic, soul stealing storms, has it's own dragon graveyard, elves, and where everyone knows the term "Fifty Shades of Hell". Not because of a book. But because any type of shadow in a large group is just a party murderer. You would think that they would just shrug if they see a Baalgur demon fighting four adventurers in their fountain butt naked... much less of concern a Death Godlike. [Even this is a common sight to peasants](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/bd/21/86/bd218611ffa5687dc784325e7af68d43.jpg) [and this more so...](http://i.imgur.com/DDqayEs.gif)
Mmm... if it wasn't for the fact that Unity does a damn good job in the mobile market, I don't think Unity would be a developers first choice when compared to much better engines.
Don't forget living skeletons and Kobol-I mean Xauntrips.
Getting past the DR can go a long ways... I think the dragons have low resistance to Piercing (Drakes did anyways... and there's hardly a difference between the two). So getting pikes, spears, and stilettos may help you a lot. Don't bother with rifles. But pistols, crossbows (both with reload perks), and bows can also help. Blunderbuss works great if you can put down raw damage. Other wise arcabus. But this game can actually be incredibly unfair in certain fights. And so far... there's only two fights I know of in this game where there is an alternative way to handle it. Certain people who found that cheesing it one way will not work for everyone. Stock up on Endurance Potions, and Endurance Regeneration potions. use Endurance regeneration potions when the dragon begins to focus on one of your characters. Use Endurance Potions when your HP is low. And use them EARLY. Don't use it at the last second. It might not look it, but the passive auras really stack up as you add them on, and they are pretty much always active. There's not a lot of spells that I know of for the wizard that will do any good against a dragon. I found that bosses stats are usually high enough where you run the risk of missing a hard CC pretty often. Some fights are literally just a DPS race. One thing that I learned in the first ten minutes of the game, is that compared to DnD, this game's weapon system is pretty damned tactical. Smaller and simpler weapons deal more damage over time than larger weapons. But larger weapons deal more damage over time to heavily armored opponents. So... if you got a rogue with dual daggers.... you'll want to see if he can backstab with a Pike, or better yet, get in close with the Arcabus, or the wheeled Crossbow. The higher damage will punch past the DR. And the 2m Backstab range will give you +150% damage. If you still have that stronghold's wand, and you got it pretty leveled, it's pretty damn good at saving your ass. The domination spell will affect just about anything. But it runs down pretty quickly. If you see it proc, use that moment of respite to position yourself and get some spells or traps set up. Positioning also means a lot too...
I'm a newer player, and let me tell you this. The "L2P" crap is more annoying than you think. Especially when someone is playing this game blind on their first play through with Expert Mode on. And then learning that this game has made some wonky decisions to how combat works. Especially when you don't have the same luxeries as everyone else did. [Linky](http://i.imgur.com/wqUIkt5.jpg) Not saying that his team comp isn't garbage. But even with a good team comp, this game tends to skull f*ck you with overwhelming numbers featuring leveled mobs with stellar deflection and DR. Like a fight with 24 skeletons all at once at level 6. And you can't swap your weapons on the fly... nor do you have access to stash when ever.
Yeah I have second wind, but the delays on it means that it needs to be popped early. And yeah, it's literally only the overwhelming crap that's giving me problems. 50 shades of hell (a f*ck ton of shadows). The Bone train (F*ck ton of skeletons). Raedrics horrible 9(sic). A large mess of spiders (even the little guys are packing heat). The whole pulling a few at a time does not work. Apparently the way this game i set up is that if a member of a squad gets pulled, they all get pulled.
&gt;&gt;i never walk into a room that isnt cleared, 1 scout to check for traps and get a rough mob count/type. Preaching to someone who already knows that. :P long time DnD and CRPG player. Also while I don't mind having two wizards... given the way that a good deal of magic in this game behaves, and the lack of a decent number of spell casts... that just seems utterly pointless to me, and I'm ok with having just one. A lot of the times I actually use him to cast spells are just situational. If you are running off to go rest after every major rough fight, that seems like a very inefficient way to do things.
You can get away with average might. The way it works is that every point above 10 gets +3% damage AND healing modifiers. Every point below 10 reduces it by -3%. A high might will help tremendously, and mostly with the larger weapons where the difference can be seen a bit better. If you choose to go low might, it'll probably help to keep a weapon with more throughput and DR reduction. But it wouldn't stop you from using war hammers for trying to punch through shit with absurd DRs. A High Intellect is a bit over kill on a paladin unfortunately. Intellect affects Magic AOEs. However, because a pally is most likely to stay near it's allies, it does not need to be all that high. Perception is ALWAYS helpful. High Accuracy can potentially offset low damage. But for how low might can go... I'd say that I wouldn't drop any lower than -9% which is a might of 7. You'll need to play against the enemies DRs though. It's a shame this game doesn't take into concideration the murder stroke with swords.... or the fact that a Dagger is good for both slashing and piercing.
It's not anti-tank. A tank's job is usually to wall off, CC, debuff, and buff. People seem to miss that point a lot. Though I can see why when a lot of "scrublords" play tanks in games like LoL, Heroes of the Storm, and DOTA 2. If a tank aint annoying, then just ignore them says every experienced PvP/PvE player. I've actually gotten better with dealing with a mess of spooks. I just start having my wizard light my own team on fire. Does it knock out my own team!? You bet. Does it kill the spooks? You bet. Is my entire team equiped with fire weapons just for this reason? YOU BET! But the rogue always gets out alive. If it's not for relfex, it's because rogues do it from behind.
That's not the only thing :P The Sanitarium's patients, the ones who attacked you, have freakin daggers. FRICKEN DAGGERS. It's one thing if they killed the guards, then rushed you... it's another that the moment they get out of the cells right in front of you, they got daggers.
Problem with that is if you have a debt that massive, you're going to be executed or sold into slavery. If it was a lord, his family would have been annihilated immediately for that.
NONSENSE! I have no professional experience!
NONSENSE! I have no professional experience!
Well.... I guess the monk gave him an enlightening experience.
As decent of writers Obsidian is... I think they seriously need to learn how to get a gauge on relative prices and buying powers. And another thing... I sometimes wander if they know what a METER is. 2m tells me that it's about a full sized man laying on the ground. With his feet being the center of the circle. Basically melee range This game makes it far wider than that...
But I loved that about baulders gate. Plus Baulder's Gate was a near direct play on DnD 2.0. Icewind Dale did the same, and was based on 3.0 I think. But Balder's gate also knew what a fair fight was. There were very few moments that it spammed enemies at you, and when it did they weren't all that powerful, you needed to make use of CCs and weapon switching, and the fights were still challenging.
They aren't made for beginners. But they easily translate to any platform. The only thing I'm not sure of is the graphics. Not because of hardware, but because it will drain the crap out of battery life.
You can cheap out on the models to increase performance. Meaning that the backs do not need polies. This might not seem like much but it adds up. When you do a 3d platformer do not have a boring camera. This will make or break you. Take a look at Mario 3D, and little big planet. The camera changes for the levels need.
Not quite. Screen Space is the space of the image's area. This means that if your screen resolution is 500, by 500, that means your minima is (0,0) and maxima is (500,500). If your resolution is only 1920, 1080... and you draw a square at 500, 500 in screen space it will appear at 500, 500. If you do this in world, then you'd have to draw in view space for that kind of accuracy. Usually, what most games will do for that level of accuracy is that they will use a second camera to render the UI in orthographic projection to not deal with the complexities. Local space, is the coordinate axial space in relations to the Object in question, not exactly the camera's view direction. Example, your right vs my right. View space removes the negative numbers from depth. Zero starts at the position of the eye, and 1 goes all the way out to it's far clipping plane. The view space coordinates are best described as 2D with depth. Because you technically do not have three axis of rotation anymore.
Then give them a shiv or stilleto! Not a dagger.
I'm not overcomplicating anything yet because I explicitly stated data structure. Not file loading. As in how the game can adjust preexisting save files to store more data for things that already exists. Think of how Bethesda's save file works for mods. Not the actual plugin. But the players gamesave. Loading and overwriting files in memory is not the hard part.
Ah... there's your problem. You have a CAD card, which is primarily optimized for handling OpenGL, and more specifically in wire frame in the past. Not so sure about now. Though Nvidia's ScinX seems to show otherwise. It can handle DirectX but not as well as a dedicated gaming GPU. You might need to look at some of the nvidia's API's to see if there's a way to enhance it's performance. There's also the problem that DirectX 11 is not natively supported on the hardware, which resorts to the software emulation. Compiling it down to 10, or 10.X may help you. A side note, don't be too discouraged if frame rates are not high on that thing. The professional GPUs can do some things far better than a normal GPU. Which makes them great for use in Autodesk's tools.
Issue remains the same buddy. Already thought about it WELL ahead of time. It's not a file format that's the problem. It's dynamically ADJUSTING the game data at run time when it's in the memory.
