Every person in that jury was a complete moron. Hell, everyone in the county.
I was shocked at the lack of basically any evidence against Brendan at all. How could one video of a confession that was so obviously coerced be taken seriously by all 12 of those jurors??
she looks like Adore in the thumbnail
she's kind of like the Posh of the group
she got those from boobsforqueens.com *wink*
Glamazon. i just love that line about working your sexy body so sexual, as if there was any other way you could work your sexy body. Adrenaline and Cover Girl are probably my next two favorites
MR. GORBACHEV! BRING BACK MY GIRLS!
*sigh* get on up...
that happened in my best friend's family, albeit it was way back in the day; her great-grandmother learned as an adult that the woman she thought was her sister was her mother...it was the 1910's so underage motherhood was like a big deal
OHH that's funny! i didn't connect the two, went *whoosh* right over my head
[it will allegedly appear on netflix this year](https://www.google.com/amp/variety.com/2016/tv/news/netflix-people-v-oj-simpson-american-crime-story-fx-deal-1201822010/amp/?client=safari)
it has the words "Hollywood," "Foreign" and "Press" in the title
i loved every episode (and i'm a big AHS fan so i can admit that each season usually gets pretty bad)
"Song of the Ancestors" is the best song from Moana and it wasn't submitted for either the Golden Globes or Oscars which was a travesty
omg that small indian boy is as precious as Dev was when he was in Slumdog Millionaire
"laugh inside amy schumer" was my first laugh of the night i think
this "missing my glasses" bit was much funnier when Tina Fey and Jon Hamm did it a few years ago
i always forget that
historically the majority of network shows aren't very good
omg Steve Carrell and Kristen Wiig are the best presenters so far
one of those men accepting the award for Zootopia (i didn't catch their names)
Dax has secretly been married to a man for 28 years
apparently she plays Wonder Woman in those recent DC films (imo it should have been Mila Kunis) edit: autocorrect changed Mila to Mika
it's like they're bragging about the film which as a midwesterner i find inappropriate
exactly! that's why i was surprised to hear him say it
