Xur has sold TLW at least 4 times. How about Red Death? Or Oversoul Edict? Both will wreck people just as hard as hand cannons.
Meh, they combined Sansa's story with Theon's so it's a real stark instead of Jayne whats-her-face. I actually like the changes the show has made. IMHO GRRM has completely lost control of this series. He's turning into Robert Jordan.
I agree, definitely not grimoire score. It's not your Crucible gamer score either. Maybe hours logged? I have no idea.
Lol maybe, Sanderson IS my favorite fantasy author these days. I was thinking about the changes after last week's episode and I was trying to figure out if Feast and ADWD actually pushed the plot forward at all when I realized I couldn't even identify the plot of ASoIaF. I'm not even sure if it ever had one.
Hand cannons just need another range nerf. They should be short-range weapons only. IMHO TLW is fine since it has such short effective range, but Thorn is still too effective at range.
All of them.
If you're having trouble maybe a pulse or scout rifle would be better suited to that situation. All primaries should be most effective at a specific range. If one is best-in-class over multiple ranges then there is a problem. HCs - Short Range AR/Pulse - Mid Range Scout Rifles - Long Range
My TLW is basically worthless at medium or greater range. Yes I can still hit them, but I do such little damage I have virtually no chance at getting the kill unless they're incredibly bad.
You can get the Oversoul Edict from the Abyss in HM Crotas End, which can easily be soloed now.
Can't confirm that, but I've seen every other IB weapon drop except the fusion rifle so far.
Likewise, I play with a friend who is also level 34. I have the higher grimoire score and crucible score, but she has vastly more hours logged than I do. We seem to trade off who holds the flag randomly, but it's nearly always one of the 2 of us.
Except that mixes them in with every other primary, yet they have ridiculous impact to go with it.
:shrug: I mean, you're right, you could attack the imbalance any number of ways. That's really the issue at hand, each weapon class has weapons within it that vary greatly in the way they perform. That's why this game will likely never have true balance as some weapons within each class are outliers. But like you said, you can switch between any of the primaries in PVE and not really lose any effectiveness. Gjallarhorn is vastly more powerful than any other rocket launcher but you never see PVEers complaining about it because they're not stuck at the receiving end. In PVP it's only average, so it hasn't been nerfed. Exotics can remain outliers and still be "balanced" in PVP because you can only ever use one at a time.
Last year I made it my new years resolution to read the whole thing. The hate is justified. It started out average (first book is a massive rip-off of LOTR), but then got mildly interesting. Then around book 5 he lost complete control of the series. You would read entire books where literally nothing happens. Some books only had a handful of Rand chapters. Frankly, I'm amazed that Sanderson saved it as well as he did.
Unless it's in PVP, which is what IB weapons are designed for... I wouldn't pass up the opportunity to get that roll on GD unless I absolutely had to. It will be a beast.
D&amp;D are both huge fans of the series, that's how they got the job in the first place.
Small damage buff to AR's and SR's and a slight range reduction to HC's. IMHO.
What makes you think they aren't? They're constantly listening to us and he's told us that many times over. Weapon balancing doesn't happen over night.
How is it from the hip? Because if it's a regular fusion from the hip but also accurate at range I could see how that could be really advantageous.
The counter to Thorn is Red Death, not more Thorns. IMHO.
TLW has virtually no aim assist and a very low mag size compared to its fire rate. It is an extremely high skill cap weapon. Anyone who has actually used one would know this.
I'm confident that's how this is supposed to work.
I had them and dismantled them before I realized they don't even give you ascendant shards. And now they're gone forever.
The most likely explanation is insane plot armor.
Super hard to aim, but it's a lot of fun when you nail it.
