He is along with Serqet, normally the 2nd jungler ban. If he is not banned Andinster or repikas will always go for him and wreck
The jungler can LITERALLY split push, if he is not at duo lane and solo in the same time to help you out immediately bm him, that'll teach him and he'll physically and mentally shape shift into repinster While in repinster form the jungler has the ability to be everywhere yet nowhere in the same time, clear every buffs simultaneously, gank every lane simultaneously and 1v4 against opponents fed by your lanes.
Shitty game giving away free codes instead of saving world hunger and ending terrorism, that it, im done. P. S. Hunters are literally ISIS
I question the meaning of life and sanity again
Thing is if the opponent serqet plays her well against you its most likely gg to your squishies. People don't like to run this risk.
Hybrid of repikas and Andinster, arguably 2 of the best junglers at the swc earlier this year.
As a solo laner he was rarely picked, I think cyclone was an exception. Rest of the times I think he was picked for support?
I treat him as Thor V2. Norse, huge damage, huge mobility (their ult, his dash, thors hammer) Main difference is Ratatoskr doesn't fall off easily late game and doesn't have haaaard cc like Thor
No we should act like actives don't exist. What's this Cc cleanse you speak of, Ares OP!!!!
Isn't that the same case with Thor :p
For months I was like "NO LIMITED GOD PACK BUT I NO HAVE MONEY NOW IT'S GONNA BE GONE NOOO" Its still around.
Brace yourself, Smite is not in its best state now and you may find some aspects of the game infuriating (burst assassins and hunters) but give the game time and HiRez should fix it and you'll learn the counters soon enough. Have fun :)
Instead of having infinite posts on the front page about a new God being OP, consider creating a New God megathread stickied on the front page for the first week!
Eh I'd call it a good, clean gank. Pretty much the dream gank as a Janus. A Janus troll would be something like portaling yourself to avoid a sure kill ult.
Wasn't here when he was released, but was he considered remotely top tier when his ult casting was static? I remember St3alth saying he stinks as a whole when he was just released and people say he's bad, is it just because he can aim his ult now that made him top tier? If so do explain why to me.
Alright although I see why you thought so and how the drivers who drove past are heartless people let me clear their name a bit. You are a Formula 1 driver in the 70's. Death rate? 2 a year on average. First I shall tell you death is commonplace in F1 back then and death is expected if you were a driver. That fact isn't all that relevant. Anyway we know drivers has flame retardant suits, not the Marshall. The marshalls can't do jackshit. Next, the drivers driving past the burning wreckage. Put yourself in their position. What do you see when you drive past that wreckage? Do you see a body? No, all you can see is a driver waving for help beside a car, presumably, you would think that the car is his and he wanted help to put out his burning car. As a grand prix driver you don't stop, not for a problem you assume not fatal, you do all you can to finish the race, already a great achievement for a driver in those days. The circumstances are unfortunate, sure, but it's not any of the drivers fault, more of the low safety standards back then.
Ah that game. I watched it at least 5 times cause the game was so good and a great advert for the SMITE pro scene. Though in the late game of game 2 I recall Ninjabobat just somehow missing Aquila taking FG when he was right outside the lair with his ultimate up, arguably the play that cost them the whole game. Wouldn't exactly say he carried them, though he did alright before that, if you were referring to that then I do agree.
In your logic we might as well make Kukulkans speed buff add attack speed like Artemis because every move has to be equal. My point is, different gods have different kits and therefore not every ability that are similar should be the exact same thing.
Nu Wa's Stealth is so, so limited.
Mask was banned awhile ago, no reddit posts needed for that one. Same goes to Bushyyyyyyy(yyyy idk how many y's) of Spicy Waffles recently, no reddit post for that one too, i believe. Feel free to correct me if there is one.
Well then maybe you shouldn't comment on things you don't exactly know next time :p
That number includes sales from the SPL season ticket, BTW.
It's hard to balance casuals sometimes because some people will want to try a new God and they'll probably do bad with it. Chances are they do well with other gods and got to that mmr with it. Then they're occasions where matchmaking really just sucks a tons of dick, and really no reason to explain it (level 30 paired with 4)
I don't think there is a legit way to find your casual mmr, note that smite.guru score isn't accurate to HiRez 's score, casual mmr is hidden. Competitive elo isn't, and it is accurate on smite.guru
Well I guess I should appreciate your upload as it is edited to contain what mattered and fits the screen, so um, thanks.
