There is a good chance he won't.
I agree with what you're saying, the production isn't great right now, but I think it's worth pointing out that he's only 19. There is a reason why he was a first round pick, and was widely considered one of the best hitters in his draft. He hasn't gotten it done yet, but I think it's important to give him some time before we give up on him as a first baseman.
I think a lot of people had us as about a .500 team going into the season. The fact that we are a half game out of first is pretty surprising.
If no one else wants to be the Met ranker, I'll take it.
I'm not putting pants on until it's broken up.
If you want it, you can take it. I'm just kind of tired of seeing no blurb for the Mets lol.
\#Gay4Murph
At this point, me picking your team is a curse. Good thing I've got the Nats and Barves tomorrow.
Not everyone can be Nordic God level good.
As much as tonight has sucked, shit like this makes me love baseball.
I mean... he had 10 Ks and no walks in his 4 innings. This points more toward shitty luck than anything else. It's just crazy to see two starters in Cashner and Syndergaard to get so unlucky back to back.
Calling it now, both starters are going to do it tomorrow.
Surprised so many people like the final 3. Final 2 makes for a much more interesting end game imo.
A Woo and Kass final 2 would have been amazing.
He would've been awesome on S31.
Or maybe it's just that a lot of people find Kass entertaining...
The best survivor mind of the post-HvV era imo.
StL
&gt; I'm gay (hopefully OK on this subreddit) Sorry, but this cracked me up. Survivors online community is like, 50% gay. No one is going to have a problem with it here.
He's (she's?) my favorite poster on here and it's not even close.
That's was actually me yelling it from New Jersey.
Clint Robinson got picked off with Rendon at the plate and the tying run on second. *Noice*
It makes sense that Familia is being used a lot at this point in the season. He's one of the few actual major leaguers in our bullpen right now. He can rest when Black/ Parnell/ Blevins/ Carlyle/ Mejia come back.
Y'all are about to get Nale'd.
Chad is also king of the open mouth gape and the reason we got the "leg up on me" line from Chris.
