&gt; Thin sliced steaks. They're usually sold in the freezer section as 'sandwich steaks' generically. Brand doesn't matter, not for authenticity, just for quality. I'm with you on everything except this. The butcher at Publix will thin slice a ribeye for you. That is all I use.
When we travel all screen time rules are gone (we aren't typically strict on them anyway). On our last trip we bought the back of head rest dvd player for around $80. Snacks we did fruit &amp; veggies. When we stopped for lunch we just went to a restaurant instead of drive thru's. Our little dude has never had fast food though so we are use to it.
You use to be able to find John Gruden at Hooters just about every time you walked in.
If you are white and play a position of a known white person, you are bound to be compared to them. Is their play style at all similar?
I have no idea but that sounds like a fun group to party with.
Roommates aka parents. That's the the only situation I could think of. All others I would bring the girl back to my place.
About once a year or two I will get this intense pain in my neck that travels down to my shoulder (usually one side or the other). Lasting a couple of months and like you it feels a nerve is pinched as my arm would get a bit numb. I finally went to get it checked out and it turns out it is due to arthritis. Stress and other factors can lead to arthritis flair up. My doc put me in this headlock twist move and popped it pretty good. It helped a bit but I really just needed to wait. He could only give me sleeping aids (because it would keep me up most nights) and told me to take something for the pain.
My mom watched my oldest son for the first year until the daycare we wanted would take him. Currently with son #2, my mom does 3 days and MIL does 2 days, so I know all about this. I'm not sure how long you are staying out of work but hopefully by the time you return, your child will be on some sort of schedule. Talk to your parents and tell them feeding and nap times and that you want them to stick to it or as best they can. We brought over sets of toys to each grandmothers houses. We bring diapers when they need. We keep clothes over there. We bought car seats for each of their cars. We also had an extra crib so I set it up in the spare bedroom. Grandma two, we bought them a pack &amp; play. Basically just don't expect them to buy anything. Of course, if they are anything like our grandparents they can't help but buy stuff lol. It's ok to tell them that you have certain rules (screen time or whatever it is that you are big on). Just be prepared to be a little easy on them and let some things slide. There's going to be times where they get sick so be prepared to work around this. Lastly, be thankful for their help. Even if they do 95% (miss a nap or something) on some days still be thankful for having loving and willing grandparents who are offering you help. I don't know how we would have managed without them and I be sure to let that be known.
I'd back off a little. When we pushed our dude to try for overnight potty training, I think we over did it. He was dry in nighttime diapers for a week. We made a big deal about it and told him we would do regular underwear. Well he wasn't ready and would be extremely upset when he had a nighttime accident. Then we started noticing that he was starting to blink constantly. Yup, you guessed it, we stressed him so hard that he developed a tic. At least that is what the doctors thought. Luckily it went away after a few months.
The NFL would fine him for making a gun gesture.
Every mention of "I don't smoke weed" is followed by "but do you drink coffee or drink alcohol?" "you're such a hypocrite"
I'm almost certain this is what happened.
Do you know how many people have had children and still followed their dream? I'd say millions and millions. You're only making excuses.
I'm ____ and I just don't give a fuck.
Sometime after birth, I realized I gained super hearing powers and could hear my sons cry from damn near around the block. So yeah, we never used one.
Our 1st did as well. We did everything short of giving him medicine for it. Nothing we did worked. So we just adapted and a towel became part of our wardrobe. Time was the only thing that helped.
I don't remember the exact time frame. I do know that he wasn't spitting up when he started daycare at 1.
&gt; Play Thunderstruck on the guitar. Damn I was hoping the link was a tutorial. I have guitars but don't know how to play. My son would love if I could play that.
Ain't that the truth. One of the positives to becoming a parent is all the super powers we develop.
I'd party with this dude.
Magic bullet. Nothing magic about it. In reality it just sits in your cupboard taking up room.
&gt; what OP is expecting He's just wanting to find porn stars and probably go through their history to jerk it. I mean, that's what I'd do.
Yall need to calm the fuck down
I'd never buy clothes online. I can see so many errors happening with this. They charge your card because they didn't receive the other back in time. Shipper loses it, get charged. You say you returned it, but didn't, you get charged until they make a shipping claim. Seems like way too much hassle.
80-90 hours a week will burn out anyone and then you added a newborn to the equation. My experience is that I still see my friends and get bro nights. My wife also has her girl nights. Take time for yourself but be prepared to reciprocate for your wife. The only thing that changed is that its usually a better idea to tell my wife a day or so in advance. The spur of the moment things are tough on a partner. Also if you have family around to help, take advantage of it. Get out with your wife and treat her like your wife. As far as night time sleeping struggles it helped my wife and I to alternate nights waking up with the baby. Typically around 6-9 months you should be able to get your baby to sleep through the night. Schedule is the key here. To answer your question, I find my quality of life has improved ten fold. I used to think my nights of closing out bars on the reg was an awesome life but when I look back at it now I think I may have been suppressing something. I'd also say it does get better. For the first 6-9 months you are basically surviving and learning the ways of your child. But maybe I'm crazy. Currently have two (3years and 9months) but I'd have 10 kids if I could afford it.
