You already can upgrade the menagerie house and feeder
If they have any sense they will. It's not like self-improvement is a rare thing.
Pfft. Relationships are one of the most mundane things about all human interaction.
No, you can't. But it's criticism, not an order.
The elite Seers Village tasks upgrade Excalibur, but it isn't part of the Achievement Diary set. The set item for that area is the headband.
Yep. In my experience unless they're a genuine aromantic the women who say this are fooling themselves
You're right. I'm aromantic. Which means I can apply some sense to the absurd addiction worship that is romantic relationships.
Australia. None at all, although we don't have a national curriculum (yet)
thank mr skeltal
He's in a room full of strangers...
Australia. And it's not ignoring people, it's about respecting their personal space.
We aren't uncomfortable, we don't *want* to. If we talk to someone it's either in an official setting or after an introduction from a mutual acquaintance. Perhaps one day North America will develop the proper respect for peace and quiet.
This is totally reasonable and hardly excessive. At the end of the day porn is just a bit of fun, why not be happy for him?
Gandhi drank a lot of mountain dew
The picture of Dorian Grey is almost completely filled with these
Thankfully I've not had this situation happen. I tell people I have neither the inclination nor the compulsion to date, and then they seem envious. Aromanticism isn't really a difficult concept, I suspect your uncle just has some general empathy problems.
Break up then. If you're unhappy with the situation and it isn't going to change then that's the only reasonable option.
Was that how he was? If so then the latter.
Fashion isn't even remotely a female thing. There are loads of famous male fashion designers and models.
If he can't comprehend someone being different then it's possible he has empathy problems. Many people are like that. Aromanticism is a simple concept after all
Fair, but God Osborne has said that skill reworks are slated for next year
I support both zaros and armadyl so it was an easy choice. They're the only ones doing good. Saradomin and Zamorak are the worst parts of both order and chaos, and the godless are anarchist hippies
No, but you aren't attractive in that picture either. I would say lose a little puppy fat on your face, go clean shaven (the facial hair really isn't doing you any favours) and stick to different colour shirts (white and light blue, /r/malefashionadvice can point you to some basic colour coordination resources) and you'll be doing well.
Pictures one and two are bad, picture three is alright. Honestly your hairline is back way too far for a woman, and your cheeks are pretty wide.
It's a kind of bad picture but the other one you posted is good. You're definitely attractive although I don't think that lipstick colour suits you
