Not this year though, next year's market.
Fucking interleague.
They're stretching him, perhaps to enter the rotation. I guess Perez goes into the bullpen? Speaking of David Carpenter, he's been pretty bad this year. Though I really miss Shreve. I don't think I really understood how much our bullpen was stripped until the last couple of series. It's not just Kimbrel.
That didn't amaze me. I'm amazed we got them to give us Wisler and pay BJ's contract.
&gt; Fans of Sabermetrics are largely like Tea Party members.....people who took a good idea way too far. One uses numbers, logic, and try not to let their biases get in the way, and then there's the Tea Party...
Any segment of the population is going to do that, it's human nature. Who ever said Derek Jeter is the worst shortstop in the history of baseball, was going to say that anyways, with or without sabermetrics. That could be done with traditional stats too. Someone could replace dWAR and UZR with Fielding Percentage.
Not Feastmode!
3/3!
I know it falls under what you're talking about, but I have real doubts anyone will beat Ripken's record.
I'm weirded out by Tony La Russa bobblehead night.
I don't think we'll compete this year, but we might be close. Next year will be more interesting, with some of those pains gone. Imagine a matured pitching staff.
I didn't understand why Dodgers fans were so sad to lose him, now I understand why.
Were you inspired by Ted Danson...
I hope he's ok.
She's like 20 years younger than him...
I hope my future wife looks like that when she's that age! She's 59...
I think I'm most intrigued by their risk category. They list Matuella, Aiken, Hooper, and two other RHP as the riskiest players in the draft.
I guess this also means Peterson is in the long term plans for the team.
We did last year.
Cunningham's best case scenario is a 4th OF probably. I don't think Gosselin will be on this team for the long-term. Perhaps his future is trade-bait.
You're pitching coach looked angry.
I hope it's Fredi G, but I think he'll go through the entirety of this year.
Do you think the prospects are noteworthy or minor pieces?
The Braves get their best draft in a while. Whitley likely becomes the best player in the draft. Brady Aiken does not pitch in the MLB ever.
San Fransisco to match the new typeface.
