Just looks rusty, no?
Seriously? Where do you work a convent?
They look like people who are average Americans to me. Probably have jobs and such. Trash level not detected
That's a serious set of tits. Three thumbs up!
It's obviously rust and corrosion
Ewww
Damn that looks amazing
What's a R2? (R2D2)? And how old is this girl?
What this from Hustler magazine?
She's sounds a little lost. Trash level: low.
Ignorance level: **maximum.**
Á la Jurassic park
Too bad nowadays it probably has a pretty tame formula. Back when they started making it, it would have alcohol, chloroform and heroin. With a touch a aspirin.
Yes it's skin crawling gross, isn't it?
Haha well I don't know about there but Hamilton has a disproportionate amount of white trash scum bags to normal people. Kinda, really sucks.
I agree. I know it must be difficult going to your life is a man when mentally and emotionally inside you are a woman. But it's becoming easier in society now to become the person you think you are inside and also physically change your appearance to match what you were feeling mentally. I'm not saying it's as easy as going to the doctor and getting a mole removed, but this individual in the picture based on what I know about him definitely deserves the courage award. It takes so much courage to overcome what he has and accomplish everything he has done after losing two limbs. My apologies for any spelling mistakes I am using voice to text.
Oh I agree with you 100%. And I'm sure it does happen other places with the exception of countries that allow you to just buy the toy by itself. When I was 10 years old I would buy small bags of chips to get a sticker with a picture of my favorite wrestlers on it (Jake the snake, Andre the giant etc). And there came a point when I was throwing the chips in the garbage and just keeping the stickers.
Dude. You've got a booger in your nose.
The ripped up shred of paper for a price tag looks like something an idiot would make.
I wish I had some of that stuff. Wouldn't make my vegetarian girlfriend happy. I have an alligator head at home. Small one. I like the one you have standing up. Where did you get the elephant foot? I was guessing rhino btw.
Especially since they're all the same price you just gotta pick a blonde, brunette, big tits or ass. And youre good to go.
Are you talking about a specific movie? Hope so. Shia lebeouf is such a shitty actor. Wickwicky. Fuck he's terrible.
My ex-wife had to go through the same thing at your daughters age. I know how stressed out and afraid you must be but everything will go fine. This day and age with the medical technology and practices it we have you have nothing to worry about
Both of them being close to the same age if not the same age exactly makes it less infuriating. But I'd be very mad still.
So hot
