What is the special Item anyway?
Got some tips for a scrub like me then? I really can't stand this map at high tiers...
Silver Fang. I just like those Old-Guy-but-extremely-powerful-characters. Also martial arts are cool.
You'll probably have to improve it by a lot. My clan for example requires at least 1,6k recent. And we weren't even close to getting a tank for anyone. Got some camos though.
Now i can't help but wonder. What happened afterwards? Did Dan bust you to Jess or did he keep silent? Did anything more serious develop between you and Lily? Just by what i've read here you seemed to be quite into each other (as in more than horny). Is there a Volume 3 coming or do we have to buy that on amazon? Not that i would mind that much. Just asking.
Where else would the gunner and commander be o.O?
Lol i hopped in my t54, played like 5 games, circlestrafed a Jagdtiger to death an bam that's 2100 damage against TDs... I didn't even try for that mission. Just play like you normally would and you'll get it eventually.
The most important thing for the is mobility. I think of it this way: How do i combat derpguns, gold ammo and arty? Don't get hit or better yet: Don't get spotted. Sometimes heavies and stuff are fun but i think mediums can be more consistent because of their flexibility.
The thing that really annoys me about platooning with arty, is that it basically makes the platoon useless. You can't do anything a normal platoon can. No double tracking, no "take a shot for me and we'll rush him". Nothing more than maybe that one shot every thirty seconds. I'd rather play alone than platoon with arty. At least then i'm not guaranteed arty on the enemy team every game i play.
First off: Get some order in your rambling. It's ok to not be a native speaker. But this post is really hard to read. But concerning your problem: I would suggest to never rely on stuff like that. Just learn the armorprofiles of the enemy tanks. It's not gonna take that long. Also: Wich tier 8 are you driving?
I play it in a way that never leaves me alone. So i always stick around other targets and do my part by doing damage, tracking and baiting shots. Sometimes heavies really want to shoot me instead of the heavies next to me. And i'll happily eat that shot if i baited him out far enough for him to eat 3 shells in return.
Don't forget that sexy HESH.
Then please do tell me what that magical "three"-button loads into my gun?
Go into the game, mouse over the "HE" round and read its name. It says "HESH". I can read thank you very much. Also your tanks.gg doesn't say anything. Try selecting the prem heshround on the Cent 7/1. It's also listed as HE. The shell's name however is and stays HESH. Its just "HESH L35" instead of "HESH L37".
How exactly is the Cent 1 a painless stock grind if you haven't gone down the heavy line? That comet gun at tier 8... Makes me shiver.
Why did I know that you were going to show up and say that the moment I read someone badmouth the 260?
To be honest the "Prem tanks have to be worse than same-tier tanks"-idea has kind of lost it's purpose. They don't do pref mm on new tanks anymore so there really is no reason for prem tanks to be shit. The only thing they can't be is more powerful than normal tanks. And many are still worse. Look at the STA-2. Worse in every way but dpm than the STA-1. But at least it's competitive. Even the IS3-A fullfills that criteria. The DPM difference to the normal IS3 doesn't matter compared to the huge boost to mobility the normal IS3 has. I don't get why people want premiumtanks to be worse in every way to normal tanks? Are they just mad that they can't buy them and can't tell themselves that the prems are worse anyway anymore? As long as they don't outperfrom the standardtanks you literally have nothing to complain about.
Instead of nerfing russian premiums to shit they should just buff all the others to competitiveness. There is no good reason for premium tanks to be worse than same tier normal tanks. As long as they're not better than researchable ones everything goes in my book. Also pref. makes a huge difference for the Löwe. The pen difference might not be big but you're forgetting all the rest. The HP-pool of tier 10s compared to 9s as well as the DPM. An Action X will shred you way faster than a cent 7/1 will even though they have the same pen.
Why does everyone have the idea that premiums have to be worse? It's not better than the IS3 so there is no problem. It's not paytowin. Also it doesn't perform worse than the IS3. If it did it would have pref MM. And we really don't need more of those running around. Just accept that it is a competitive tank and not an XP-Pinata like some of the older prems. They should just buff the old ones just enough to be competitive (depending on pref or normal MM that is) and be done with it.
I would actually agree that those are kind of BS. However more because of the crews they came with rather than the tanks themselves.
I wasn't talking about the Löwes DPM. I still think the idea of pref MM would make a huge difference to it. Not because of what the Löwe does to a tier 10 instead of a tier 9 but rather because of what those tanks do to the löwe. If it could never see a tier 10 the bad armor would matter less as well as the dpm just because the tanks it could face in a worst case scenario aren't as good.
Make the spottingcap different for different tankclasses. That would give lights a reason to exist in tier 9 and 10 games again. Make it like 500 for lights, 445 for mediums and something like 400 or below for the other classes. Also it would make binocs viable again for something other than camopiercing.
I still think open top tanks should just get +5 to crewskills standard. Maybe as a counterweight to the disadvantage you get from being autopenned by any HE shells from above?
The thing that always baffled me is that the Xbox version has such but ugly UI. They put so much effort into making the game look good but the UI looks like a mobile-indie-wotclone. Seriously the Ammochoices at the bottom look like someone made a 20x20 sprite in paint and just enlarged it.
Those are the game mechanics. Just because you don't like them it doesn't mean it's not a good game. I hate arty and rng as much as the next guy but i wouldn't say that WoT is not a good game. I wouldn't be playing it if i didn't think it was good. While you and i consider Arty and RNG a problem, many people don't. Just don't generalize games as good or not good because of mechanics you dislike. That's just your point of view. Don't try to convince people that everyone must think the same as you.
