I honestly don't get the joke.
It's a myth. I also bought him a house. edit - shit, forgot to logout of the throwaway
I remember something about how she wanted to try for a role on Becker. Which in her defense she was on like 7 seasons of when I think that season when she left was the last one. I can understand the decision. They should have just killed off Dax altogether.
The Dominion War arc was my favorite arc in all of Trek. I prefer the serialization. I think those two things gave the show a certain edge. You can see it in Ron Moores post DS9 show BSG. Everything just has a more realistic feel, and non-serialized shows are more for the casual viewer. I guess at that point they figured a large portion of fans who watched every week could handle a storyline that lasts longer than 44 minutes.
Yeah, Federites mimicing Klingon culture was always cringe, Sisko was the only one who could pull it off.
Ah, ok, interesting. I mean, he is a tailor after all, he's already half way there lol. I thought it was going to be about Bashir and that time he and Obrian were talking about how much they liked each other and how Obrian likes Bashir more than Keiko.
They spoil Raw every week as well.
I prefer the instrumentals. Especially ones with a 2-3 second intro like Brocks and Ambrose. Edit: At least I dont think theirs have lyrics, if they do I guess that shows how much I pay attention to the lyrics.
&gt;There's an old saying in Tennessee — I know it's in Texas, probably in Tennessee — that says, fool me once, shame on — shame on you. Fool me...you can't get fooled again. -/u/SuperkickParty
The left hand never shows up.
Thats how my LED lantern works, I guess it has a sensor in it or something. Wyatt fumbling around on the bottom for a on/off switch doesnt seem as cool.
Lol, but you are blowing it out right? The air flow is detected by an electrical switch which switches to "off", which stops the current. It's the same concept, but we are in the middle of the "Forever" part of "Then, Now, Forever", so they are still trying to find a way to seamlessly integrate the technology. The Raw set/lighting is fucking bland, as long as we are talking about technology. Like look up 3D Projection or crazy light painting on youtube, I think WWE really needs to adopt some of that stuff. Growing up the pyro and entrance music played a huge part in getting me amped for the show, it's something that's missing and is being overlooked, imo.
Good Lord. Has the cape always had spots or is his the first one to use them?
I was looking it up and found that it either is/was used to represent Ermine tails, which were apparantly super expensive and thus kingly.
For some reason that cape looks way better, even the spots.
The Naziland episodes were some of my favorites.
Muradin was allied with the Paladins, which were Alliance at that point, before he was killed by Arthas after he was consumed by the sword of the Lich King. So I'm thinking it's just a new hero card. Did Muradin reappear in Wow? I never played it.
You're so jealous. It's sad but also kind of cute (:
Oh Jesus fucking Christ.
It just bugs me because Arthas was obviously being a cunt before they got to the mountain but that was like the final act that really just destroyed what little humanity he had left. I really liked the character of Muradin so it's not that I'm upset about seeing him again, it just kind of takes something away from Arthas' betrayal.
That's a good point. Although I don't think Gul'dan can ever really die.
There entire streaming service is on Game Of Thrones back. I'm not saying if that's good or bad, it just is.
Untrue. He is in a very secure financial spot and able to do whatever he wants *because* of this guys and everyone else buying his shit. He does have a responsibility.
My real problem is balls in water.
Crap. My opinion doesn't matter though. As long as their data shows people aren't spending less because of it and also as long as they need the money they are saving off it is what's best for business. But seriously Big 4 at least need their own sets. EC has its own set, which is the chamber itself.
