They gave all the good weapons to trials Unfortunatly for some
That argument is invalidated by the amazing pve weapons available from the lighthouse
Reinforced barrel increased range at the expense of stability while rifled battle takes away reload speed. Reinforced barrel is better because stability doesn't matter on a shotgun
I find Reinforced barrel is better. If much rather sacrifice stability than reload speed especially when stability has no effect on a shotgun
Yeah I have all 3 and the party crasher is the best in my opinion
Even if they are geared at pvp it doesn't mean they aren't great for pve. A lot of pvp perks carry over to pve especially when there's elemental damage. You can't just gloss over the fact the only way to get a decent elemental primary with this dlc is through a flawless trials run.
Yeah but they are pretty terrible when compared to their trials counterparts. I think that's the biggest problem. Even if you get an elemental primary from skolas it won't hold up against old raid gear or even the trials weapon. so yes there really is an argument that the only way to get good " raid type" Weapons with this dlc is the through pvp
I have used both with identical rolls pretty extensively and I like the party crasher. The range difference is slmost unnoticeable but the party crasher fires noticibly faster. It'd probably a preference thing though
i did it twice with 2 gallys and a hunger and we all used pretty much all our rockets and a synth. barely got it done
Yeah i know its not required but the guy you responded to is talking about bursting him down. Which you pretty much need gjallarhorns
i kind of disagree. I think playing in the iron banner is the best place to finish the bounty... alot of PVE players are playing iron banner meaning a less skilled pool. Whos going to be playing regular crucible when iron banner is active? probably people who enjoy crucible. You could be right but i see iron banner as the best place to complete the bounty
You only get one weapon even if you have two bounties at the same time
I disagree. A shotgun is going to one hit someone anyway from the right distance... Having maxed range and mag is more important than trying to proc luck in the chamber at the expense of range and mag size Edit: spelling
That's a really poor example but I get your point. It's more like using shards to upgrade a piece of dark below armor. You don't get more back even if you put shards into it
Trading would ruin destiny. I've seen it ruin and your other games and it really doesn't bring anything to the table especially in a game like destiny
yeah i agree with that. With TLW you just need to find that sweetspot distance thats too far for a shotfun but close enough that you have the advantage...TLW will win that fine most of the time
Yeah you are right the one he is selling is a beast. I wrote that before I saw what the rolls were on the vendor one but all my points on desired perks still stand. I will probably get one to roll and one to keep as is. I would like to roll hidden hand on one as well I wish that and third eye weren't exclusive
i have them both and i like the party crasher more. The impact and range difference is negligible but the party crasher fires noticeably faster. I have both with identical rolls btw
i see your point but buying an exotic engram and re rolling a weapon are not the same thing. To be honest i think its harder to get weapon parts than it is to get motes especially with the material exchange
I dont think its a good analogy because you can get motes from just about every material in the game. yeah you get alot of engrams but when compared to how many parts it takes to upgrade a weapon its not really proportionate. Im not really follwing why you are so against a less time consuming way to get weapon parts. Im not asking for them for free just a less time consuming way to get them
i wouldnt say thats ignorant. I might have exagerated when i said 9-0 or nothing but I was just trying to show that trials is also very easy for some people even more so than skolas. to some extent you either succeed at trials of you dont there isnt much middle ground whether you go undefeated or not
i have been but i use them up as soon as i get them even without reforging
thats not an option for the majority of players. I got to 7 wins the first week but wasnt able to crack it last week
yeah the key is good fireteam which is hard to come by. Im solid at regular pvp but i cant get it to carry over to trials.
Get to 34 first and then worry about rolls later. Raid boots are solid though heavy of the heavy ammo increase
