I'm not embarrassed.
yeah, if you remember some of the bigger moves of the twins (getting aaron boone for example), they either were terrible when they came to minnesota or they just didn't want to be in a "small ball" club
[Ram Rules](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-d-Hf5Zzn4)
&gt;Hadn't beaten a team with a winning record Well, now they have
My dad talks about how he was flying back to MN (from a business trip in NJ, somewhat ironically). He was in line to board when he first heard that the score was 7-0 (the game had obviously just started). When he reached his seat the score was 14-0. A couple minutes later, the attendant announced "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our safety instructions, but I would just like to update on the score of the Vikings-Giants game.... it is now 24-0 Giants." So he just kind of assumed it wasn't worth listening to or watching the rest. Also, this is much easier to talk about than our other recent NFCCGs...
It wasn't a blowout, but in 2012, the Vikings came off a 3-13 season, and they were 1-1. The team the beat (in OT) was JAX, and the team they lost to was the Colts (who were 2-14 the previous year). They were up against the 49ers who were 13-3 the previous year and just lost an NFCCG that they should have won against the Giants. The first quarter, CHRISTIAN PONDER (what?) throws a nice touchdown pass on an 80 yard drive to Kyle Rudolph. He then finishes an 84 yard drive in the second quarter with a ~25 yard run. The Vikings forced 3 TOs and blocked 2 punts, threw no interceptions, and only turned the ball over twice in pretty close to garbage time (by Toby Gerhart, and those were his first two fumbles in a really long time). It was the first time in 8 games (someone could check me on this, I don't know for sure if this is right, but it's something like this) that Alex Smith threw an interception, and the first time in 13 games that Frank Gore turned the ball over. tl;dr A 3-13 team quarterbacked by Christian Ponder beat a 13-3 team made of steel and amazing defense, and did it without any gimmicks.
Hey don't be mad. We had a game (not against the dolphins) where WE even had a walk-off safety. Not only that, but a walk-off safety in a game where we scored 0 touchdowns!
Random thing, but this last year was the first time the Vikings have been in the bottom half of the league in rush defense (which is still ok, they were 17th). But yeah, the Vikings have always had a very impressive rush defense, and I never realized how badly it sucks to have someone rush all over you until Lacey did it this year.
I love how well defined the NFC North lines are. Straight along the WI-MN and WI-IL borders are perfect. Also in that regard, AZ just takes up every county for itself and only itself. Pretty cool
I work at Valleyfair on the Ripcord. You guys should come visit me and say Skol, because 5 of the 11 people who work there are packer fans and it grosses me out a little.
This is really cool! Any chance for the superbowl matchup? (jk, that's pretty ridiculous...) Good work!
Maybe it's like highlighter syndrome? That would be the only reason. And if so, sorry for your coworker. But you said there weren't any marks on it? Whatever. But that sucks man. You clog it, you clean it, so sucks that you have to do it.
It's still up, but it was mine (not really official) Well, for me, I had a great night with /u/Twinsfan94 yesterday! Played some Splatoon, which is one of the best games I've played. And he drank a little (too much), and had to help him a little bit. Awesome dude though, and he was definitely fine when I left, so I hope your day's going better buddy (and I'll see you Sunday!)
The thing for me is that Hall of Fame should be based on Fame. Eli is famous and a huge part of NFL history for his wins against the Pats. He wasn't the absolute best, and is really a tier below most of the QBs in this era, but he is FAMOUS because of his 2 superbowls and how he got them, so I think he's in there
&gt;Not the Bruins This is fine
Shoot that's right. I forgot Joe is in the hall.
Well a lot of my friends are Blackhawks fans (that surprisingly aren't bandwagoners). I have zero friends that are Boston fans, and the only Boston fans I've met are dumb, arrogant, or both
Eagles: 9 Losses this year, including: *Cowboys at home *Redskins (Twice) *Dolphins at home *Lions 6 Wins, including: *Jets (@ Jets) *Patriots (@ NE) wut
Just doesn't make any sense. I feel like if The Eagles are supposed to win, they don't, and if they're supposed to lose, they win. So really, they should be 9-6 right now. What a strange team to root for. I'm sorry Eagles fans
Lesson here: Don't count the Redskins out of the playoffs already- &gt;Not spectacular QB named Patrick Haden &gt;Injured and replaced &gt;+14 pt differential on the year &gt;Goes to Superbowl Never say never folks
I suppose. Are you referencing when we gave the Panthers their only win of the season and almost gave the Lions their only win of the season until they won week 17?
Hey I haven't met you yet!
We like you guys too. I mean, the main highlights guy in /r/nfl is a Bears fan, plus all the Bears fans I know IRL are super cool. I'm fine with anyone taking the division as long as it's not the Packers!
lol
Wait wouldn't it be Teddy Bridgeice? Also, sounds like unsafe driving conditions if you're facing a drive with Teddy Bridgeice
