If you didn't want to wait a month to complete the scan, (and you're scanning from a high-ish orbit) then it'd probably be more efficient to just have a single satellite with more fuel on board so it can manually rotate the LAN about the poles.
&gt; the nominal GDP of the UK is currently £1.83 trillion. The nominal GDP of the EU is around £12.4 trillion. I think you're comparing nominal vs PPP GDP figures (not to mention comparing a single country with the combined GDP of 28) --- I just checked the figures and according to Wikipedia the UK's GDP is [$2.84T / £1.86T (PPP)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_United_Kingdom) and the EU as a whole is [$16.77T / £10.97T (PPP)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economy_of_the_European_Union). When you subtract Britain's contribution that leaves you with the average GDP of the other member being £0.34T, which make's Britain's £1.9T looks a lot more attractive. Exiting Europe certainly wouldn't suddenly end all trade with European countries either. EEC free trade agreements existed well before the EU and there's absolutely no reason why free trade agreements can't again exist without EU membership being a requirement. ...If anything it'll be the fear-mongering and uncertainty that will affect the markets and our economy, not the actual act of leaving. --- Having said all that, I don't think that exiting the EU is the right thing to do (as I don't believe it'll bring any significant benefits). But it's unlikely to be the unmitigated disaster you often hear about in certain areas of the press.
Adblock really needs a system where you can whitelist individual YouTube channels. I don't want ads on every video but am happy to support the channels I watch regularly.
So he wasn't a particularly *good* thief?
...also touchy and defensive.
Are you English?
Well, as has already been stated elsewhere, only £1.37 of each £65 sweater actually goes to charity. I'd imagine the rest goes to production costs and "administration" (whatever that means).
Nah, new build houses of this type in the UK have to confirm to fairly strict energy rating regulations. There will typically be 3-4" of foam panel insulation between the blockwork and the bricks. They're normally fairly cheap to heat. The 'sameyness' issue is more the thing people dislike about this sort of housing. I'd always be worried that I'd arrive back from the pub inebriated and end up in the wrong house.
Prison?
If you're supporting a family (or even living alone) on that amount then I'd be surprised. How much is your rent &amp; bills out of interest?
Adblock is what keeps me sane. I was a paying member of imgur plus (or whatever it was called) for several years. The option to pay directly for the service was taken away a few months ago.... so adblock it is. My reddit gold just expired, but until a week ago I was paying for that. Which was another way of avoiding ads while supporting a site I use. --- I'm currently waiting for Adblock to add a feature enabling users to whitelist certain youtube channels while still blocking ads on the rest. I'd much prefer to be able to pay a quid or two a month and have it shared amongst my subscriptions. Google would never ever go for such a model though, so being able to selectively disable ads for certain channels would be a happy medium I guess.
I'm on the border between Leicester &amp; Notts. If anyone is in that neck of the woods, give me a shout.
Pentasa is the stuff I'm given on the NHS (UK). I have nothing to compare it to, but it seems to do the job.
&gt; I'm pretty sure the worst election result in history was 2005, where Labour won 55% of the votes with 35% of the vote. I was waiting for him to bring that up, but it's pretty clear which end of the political spectrum his views lie so I kinda knew it wasn't going to happen. I wonder if this video would still have been made if the pre-election polls were correct and Labour won less seats *and* got less votes than the Tories but still got to form a coalition government regardless. ...somehow I think not.
I think it's the same in the US. ...At least that's what the movie 'under siege' taught me.
I edited my comment slightly to say... &gt; but it's pretty clear which end of the political spectrum his views lie so I kinda knew it wasn't going to happen. ...as I feel that's probably a fairer assessment.
Does this insurance remain valid if you're picking up unscheduled pickups for cash payments and not giving Uber (or the tax-man) their cut? These cars weren't impounded because they were affiliated with Uber, they were impounded for taking unscheduled pickups and operating without insurance. The same would be true for any cab company or private individual doing the same.
Was it a clean lap in time-trial mode? On the page I linked I'm seeing times from 16/06 (yesterday), so it's definitely updating at least some lap times.
During development I was pushing for the game to include an in-built basic websockets server which would allow connected devices to read telemetry data via a web-app API interface. This would have meant that third party phone, tablet, laptop based dashboards / timing apps, etc would have worked on the console versions as well as PC. To me this would have massively set the game apart from the competition and would have solidified it as being a 'serious sim'. My feature request fell on deaf ears though and the PC API is just a memory mapped shared data file, which is easier to implement but far les flexible and requires all third party apps which run on secondary devices to require their own 'server' running on the host machine (which is impossible for consoles).
I'm not so sure. If I lived in Aus and were planning a holiday to that area with some mates I'd be tempted. £462 (730 USD) to rent a six bed (three rooms with I'm assuming a double in each) holiday home on the coast for seven nights works out at £11 (17 USD) per-person per-night. That's off-peak, but even during peak season it's reasonable. Either way, it seems like she's offering a pretty good deal to me, and if it helps a young person start their holiday hosting business all the better. Everyone has to start somewhere.
...by renting out the home for holiday lets. Also, I don't know how property taxes work in Aus, but in the UK its very different to the States. You are taxed once when you purchase the property ([stamp-duty](https://www.gov.uk/stamp-duty-land-tax/overview)). After that the only taxes you pay on the property are local council taxes which are to cover civic services (having bins emptied, local police &amp; fire etc). About as high as this goes is £2500 a year, but normally much less. I'd assume the Aussie system is more like the UK than the US.
Oops, that was meant to say 'pheasant' (honest).
This guy was spent spending over £200 a *week* on junk food. That's 900 quid a month on food alone. Add together all the other benefits he was likely receiving and he wasn't exactly starving in the poor house.
&gt; How do you get 100 Ethiopians in a phone booth? ...Throw a tin of beans into it. --- &gt; How do you get them out? ....Run past with a tin opener.
The UK version of that one is... Grass on the wicket, let's play cricket! --- But yes, very wrong. I'd put it in the same basket as dead baby jokes; Funny, but for all the wrong reasons.
