Call into work. I'm busy today.
Just small? deal. What if it's for a female?
What reasons do you have for pronouncing it like gift?
It's not baseless because anyone pronounces it "giraffics;" It's baseless because an acronym's pronunciation does not rely on the words' pronunciation. * NATO: North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NAH-to?) * Scuba: self-contained underwater breathing apparatus (SCUH-baah?) * Laser: light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation (LAH-seer?) * Taser: Thomas A. Swift's electric rifle (TAY-seer?)
I'm so conflicted about this comment. I somewhat agree, but I'm sure I could have heard similar statements 40+ years ago about behavior/setting that is now unacceptable. &gt;If you have a problem with people groping your ass, then maybe working in an office is not the job for you. edit: flight attendant is maybe a better example. And there's no true "line" between looking and touching. Both can be inappropriate or appropriate depending on the setting/intention.
See! You *are* trying to push your pronunciation! As I see it, you're saying "Language is fluid, but it's flowing in the way that I use it. Those others are wrong."
My peanut butter fetish is something else entirely. I won't get into that here, but I gave my reasons for my pronunciation above.
You could also try a condescending "buddy" or "bud."
Half of it is in the delivery. It can have genuinely nice intentions, or be really condescending/belittling.
It's a throwaway account, which explains half of it.
With speed comes risk. Also, a circuit's speed will generally increase as more rubber gets laid down into it. All other things being equal, that makes the end of the session the best condition to put the fastest possible lap in. In qualifying, it's much better to put in a 'banker' lap at, say, 80 or 90% in order to have a time recorded than to only wait until the end of the session to do the 100% lap. Also, changing conditions can negatively affect the circuit's speed (track temp, wind gusts, rain,) and it's always possible to have an incident causing yellow flags or red flags. Putting in a 'banker' lap allows the team to mitigate those risks without too much at stake (generally just a set of tires.)
I believe it was released that the ERS will only be driving the fronts. Due to complications and time constraints they're running in the 2MJ category rather than either the 4 or 8MJ categories. Because they won't be releasing as much ERS, they intend to reduce complexity and not compromise the aero tunnels by sticking driveshafts in them.
Also litter
How do you make it warm? Microwave? That makes no sense.
Despite its flaws, the PT was pretty exciting to the car market when it first came out. The chassis wasn't new and the engine, wasn't new, but it was still interesting. Then they kept making them year after year with essentially no updates. This went on for 10 years. With the speed of cars' technological advancement, 10 years is a long time, especially when the only thing novel about it in the first year was the styling.
What is love?
I forsee a [Cube](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/NISSAN_cube.jpg) in your future. Honestly, I've always wanted to see one of those turned into a sleeper.
1987 Porsche 911 Carerra
Bastourdise.
I was just checking your "break" and I think it's spelled "brake."
I said the same thing :(
I don't, but I work for Nissan and knew that there was a local Z group, so I wanted to find it for you.
holy shit, that picture
Just added details. I'm doing a similar thing, taking a good car and only doing modifications that will play nice with an SR20VE, since I hope to do that transplant when the stock engine goes. It's already got 279k miles on it, lol. Do you ever frequent http://www.sr20-forum.com?
Way way back in the 1980s...
