The name is Kaufmann, quote is Eurostyle. Both bad choices.
If he's related to El Chapo Guzmán, do NOT doubt him. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joaqu%C3%ADn_Guzm%C3%A1n_Loera
This is such bullshit. You're acting like "black culture" is some far away culture that other Americans don't understand. African Americans are Americans. It isn't part of black culture to not get married when having a baby out of wedlock, it's what happens when you get knocked up with a guy who isn't done fucking around yet. My neighbor was a single black mom and yes, the kid's dad did come around occasionally for 1 night. And after he would leave I would see condom wrappers in the shared trashcan. He didn't come for the kid, he came to fuck her again. (And least he finally realized he should be using condoms.)
She looks so happy. I want to be that happy.
Anybody know how this happened? The entire bottom of my feet are calluses (no idea why) and I want to remove all the skin.
Eurostyle was easy. Kaufmann I needed some help with.
It is when used correctly. But it's been waaaay overused. Same with Papyrus, which is a nice font, but every single nature show and spa seems to think they need to use it.
~~You're~~Your stupid until proven otherwise.
thx
LEEROY JENKINS!!!!
OP said you'd be immortal, he didn't say anything about STDs. Having a massive case of herpes for eternity would suck.
Burn him.
It's interesting actually. Scammers purposely make their emails look fake so that smart/normal people will disregard them. They only want the stupid people to respond. http://news.nationalpost.com/news/email-scams-are-stupid-for-a-reason-scammers-only-want-stupid-people-to-respond-to-them
Arabic please
Great thanks! Just one more, hieroglyphics. (My dad is Egyptian and married a mummy he found.)
Well that was unexpected. Well done!
Yep, the mom killed her son. Poor guy just needed some help and support.
What the fuck is wrong with people? They were doing well and were very successful before. Now they're going to ruin their business because they're greedy fucktards.
How did you first get involved with Simon Rex?
Never go full retard.
I can't believe you've done this.
Op is the best reversed Gaf i've ever saw.
Any idea where it's from?
How do you like them apples?
Eau de Elon
