"Ooh, a funnel. That'll be good for funnelling."
&gt; This is the first I've heard of a mandatory hold at altitude. No one said anything about a mandatory hold. Just that it is mandatory to *have the capability* to hold at 14k, just in case the situation calls for it. Which may or may not be the case (I don't know), but the point is that the individual in question wasn't saying a hold is mandatory at 14k--only that the capability to do so is.
&gt; That means they do care, at least just a little. No, that's not what "could care less" means. Language isn't a math problem. Idioms have meanings independent of the sum of their parts. I mean, given that they've gone to the trouble of clarifying what they mean by "educational" I think they in fact *do* care, and I have no interest in going against that. But in terms of your understanding of the meaning of the idiomatic phrase "could care less," you're wrong.
If you're using Simbrief, your only option is Navigraph.
FREENEY!
&gt; No one has played on that field in over a month. Carolina hosted the Washington Racistnames on Nov. 22.
Marquette King would like a word with you.
But how can he be bad? They made a movie about him and everything!
One person keeps his thumb on a certain part of a certain link that they select on the sidelines because it's right on one of the marked lines. They set that point on that link over the proper line, and go from there.
So he's not the linebackers coach, he's the *outer* linebackers coach. Didn't realize coaching staffs got this specialized. I'm waiting for some team to hire a blocking TE coach and a receiving TE coach.
How in the fuck is "He's pretty good but I think we're better" trash talk?
"the 5" I moved to Southern California from Indiana four years ago, and calling it "the" still jars me. But I've also unconsciously started doing it myself, at least for highways in Southern California. Anywhere else, it's still "I-" this or "US" that or "State Road" whatever.
Did you read the post?
&gt; Pats have won the majority of the time they've faced each other in the playoffs. Blatantly not true.
Except it's not.
So what you're saying is, you're not paying attention?
Yes, and?
Reality begs to differ.
How can it be a hit to the helmet if there wasn't a hit to the helmet? It was to the shoulder.
Why would it be? It was shoulder-to-shoulder.
Going out of bounds is one thing; not returning immediately is another. The latter is what got the 15-yarder.
The intent behind the rule is that the specific behavior they're trying to prevent *is* poor sportsmanship, at least in my opinion. The problem, of course, which you seem to be alluding to is that that isn't always the intent of someone who does that, and gauging that can be difficult at best.
s/quarter/possession/
But taxes are slavery!
Exactly!
