Hey, thanks for the reply! I'm glad to hear it isn't just me. My friends didn't experience such a lull when they were single, so I thought it was strange. But I do have a reactionary libido (as I call it), so I guess that makes sense!
&gt; Don't date someone who you are just "meh" about. You should be super excited to be dating the person you are dating. THIS. This has been my hardest lesson! I made this mistake *twice* before I figured out that "meh" wasn't enough to make dating someone enjoyable. Now I pretty much try to abide by the "hell yes or no" rule.
Forgive me, but this lesson of yours made me burst out laughing. Just...surprise!!
Actually...maybe not busted? OP never said "I'm a woman" (as far as I'm seeing).There is this comment: &gt; I only weigh like 140 so giant D boobs and huge for me. I have C forms and sometimes think those are too big But the fact that OP said "forms" makes me think that he could gender fluid, or maybe is just a fan of cross-dressing.
That "come hither" motion with his fingers, to stimulate my g-spot. Never fails!
Is it bad that people have different interests? No, of course not. But that isn't what those affirmative action policies are about. They aren't trying to encourage women to pursue a field that aren't interested in. What they *are* focused on is eliminating the many factors which discourage women from pursuing such careers. The disparity between men and women in STEM is commonly acknowledged as not being just because men are naturally more interested in those areas, because of such discouragement. And yes, actively discouraging people from pursuing their interests is typically considered a bad thing.
Haha, I love your last line, thanks for the laugh! :p
Haha, I'm looking at your truffle oil/parmesan cheese comment all funny right now! Sweet popcorn is clearly superior, jeez :p ETA: I now kind of want to give savory popcorn another try lol
I appreciate your pro tip. Also, idk if the 2:1 talking ratio is necessary (I'm not a fan personally, it usually ends up feeling like I'm being interrogated), but I will say 1:1 is. If he's talking about himself more than 50% of the time, I feel like I could replace myself with any other woman and he wouldn't even notice.
I mean, it isn't attractive, but idk if I'd call it actively unattractive. I do know I'm not a fan of how shaved looks. Slightly trimmed seems the happy medium - it's still there, but not soooo long and usually less smelly. It really, really isn't a big deal though. In terms of hair preferences, this isn't even on my radar! Facial hair or a hairy back/chest matter much more to me compared to his armpits.
Same! I never realized it until this question.
Look at her. Make eye contact. Smile. Did she smile back? If you want to approach someone, aggressive staring hardly sets a friendly tone to the interaction. Also, eye contact isn't magically "strong and attractive," that shit depends on context...if it exists at all. As a stranger, you have none. That makes strong, aggressive eye contact presumptively unsettling and likely creepy.
They're underwear in that you wear them under clothing, yes. But bras usually don't get nearly as dirty. There's no discharge, for one thing. And, depending on the person and the climate they live in, there isn't even sweat to get it dirty. Then you add in the fact that many women only wear a bra for part of the day (while underwear is the full day), and it's even less dirty. Also, *bras are fucking expensive.* As in, $50-$100+ expensive. So not nearly on the same cost level as panties or boxers! And washing them tends to ruin them. So many people hand wash them (which takes time), and many try and minimize the amount of washing to try and get the most life possible out of the bra because it's a financial pain in the ass to replace them...completely ignoring how tedious it is to find a bra that actually firs properly. Personally, the two bras I have that actually fit as they should? I baby them and only wash them when absolutely necessary because I don't want them to wear out!
Oh, you're right! I forgot about wireless bras when I wrote that, thanks.
Not at all! It isn't a criticism of you, or a rejection of you as a person. It just means (s)he had 'clicked' more with someone else. And on a different note, I'd be happy (s)he actually cancelled the date instead of ghosting! You aren't going to fit with everyone. If that was true, you wouldn't have to date. So never feel dumb for taking a chance! It takes guts to put yourself out there, be proud of that :)
Right? Batshit insane I'm thinking I could take at least 30. But if we're talking about simply immobilizing them? Or even tougher, not harming them at all? Probably only 3-5 small kids.
I've been on the other side of things, where he was eagerly texting and I just wasn't feeling it/was interested in someone else. I didn't think less of him. I wasn't laughing at him. I never thought he was dumb for being excited. I simply knew we weren't a good fit, so why waste either of our time? I'm betting whoever you were texting thought/felt similar to me - and didn't think less of you. So relax!
Not OC, but I personally think this would be a great idea. If nothing else, it might help reduce the stigma which (I think) might be associated with taking paternal leave.
Right? It baffles me that America hasn't gotten on board with so many other countries. How can so they keep saying, "but it'll never work!" when there are clear examples to the contrary? Paid parental leave is logical, and there are many models to choose from. There's a reason it's becoming the norm in developed countries. I really hope America figures itself out soon!
Whoa whoa whoa, wait a second... THIS ISN'T NORMAL? I do this with my slippers. I thought everybody did this? Maybe your girlfriend is the odd one...
Hey, you stole my line! Dammit :p
I assume a random guy approaching me with a line is looking for sex, not a relationship. If I'm wrong, not a big deal since I'm not actively looking to date. But I don't see how a stranger could pursue a relationship with a stranger. I'm not into casual sex, so I'll usually shut him down - *even if he's attractive*. I'm nice about it, mind you, because I'm a social person and he hasn't done anything wrong in approaching me. I just don't sleep with or give my number to strangers. The "cleverness" has something to do with it in that it's unexpected and charming, and that appeals to me. I find that attractive. If nothing else, it makes me want to talk to him, to see what he's like, to find out if he's as playful as that line makes me think he is. In other words, that interaction makes me interested in him. Does physical attraction matter? Of course. If he's just wanting casual sex, would I still say no? Not sure, probably. It he's wanting a date or my number, am I interested? If the conversation goes well...yes, yes I am. So, it "works on me" it that it makes me reevaluate automatically not giving him a chance. After all, he wasn't what I expected. And he *listened*. And he bothered to act on what I said. I like that...so I'm curious about him, especially if there's physical chemistry. **TL;DR: I tend to politely shut down strangers who hit on me because I'm not into casual sex, and I assume that's what they're interested in. So in most situations they don't have a chance even if they're attractive. Unexpected cleverness makes me do a double-take and gets me interested/chatting, though physical attraction decides if it goes any further. So it "works" because it creates an opportunity where there was none.** Side note, talking about it in this "I'm passive/they approach/I decide" way feels egotistical even if that's the scenario given, so I'm going to take a second to say that I do take the initiative as well! FWIW, I also like a simple "hey, I'm _name_," it just doesn't open a conversation as easily as this.
I feel so disillusioned. It's as if I just found out my favourite love song was written about a sandwich :(
Wait, why silk? How does that affect your hair?
Oh, that makes sense. Thanks!
Not at all! I'm on that sub, it's great. No joke, forearms can be sexy as hell.
Generally speaking (school/career), I find they *over* estimate their attributes. When it comes to dating, I find a lot of guys are extremely hard on themselves, more than is deserved. So for dating, I'd say they *under* estimate their positive attributes.
Mulan has always been my personal favourite! It's an awesome Disney movie in so many ways.
Yep, this. I'm pretty comfortable with my body usually, but body hair is the thing I get really self-conscious about.
&gt; I know I just can't handle it. It's my problem, not yours - my inability to cope with others mental illness doesn't mean anything is wrong with them and says more about me than it does about them. I think this is a wonderful way of putting this, and I feel the same.
It's a real thing, I've seen them in the washrooms of nice restaurants or other fancy/old fashioned places. My understanding is that it's for women who are breastfeeding or who are pumping milk. Nursing in public was considered inappropriate, and even now it can result in dirty looks or rude comments.
Is it still the same cost if you bring your own polish for them?
Right?! I mean, I am definitely stealing a guy's hoodie while I'm over, because it's cosy and smells like him. And if I spend the night, whatever shirt he were wearing the day before is now mine. But when I leave, it's in my own clothes! Unless he gives me a tshirt or something, but then I'm not stealing it.
&gt; they only have like 12 bottles. I drink lots of water and between the two of us those 12 bottles may not last a night. What? Okay, if an *entire case of water* is not enough, I feel like this one might be on you... Forget BYOB, you need to bring your own water and keep it in your car or something!
Damn. That means I still can't justify the cost. Just once, *once* I want to have a fancy manicure! Thanks for the answer though :)
What on earth is a tulip shirt?
Hmmm...okay.... Thanks for the pic! I had no idea what it was! I can also see why many women would not want to wear it. Honestly, it looks uncomfortable to me (covers shoulders/arms while exposing lower back, no thanks) and not very attractive (too boxy). But that's just my opinion, if you like them then that's great! :)
&gt; Also, I've heard plenty of women criticize guys for sleeping around. Yep. I have no interest in being with a guy who has a high partner count. For one thing, it makes it more likely he has a disease he could pass onto me (especially with HPV screening being less effective on men). Also, there's a basic incompatibility in that we value sex differently.
I've never had a casual sex partner! I recently ended a long term relationship, and haven't since met anyone I'm interested/would be comfortable having a FWB arrangement with. But really, we're adults. I think it would be reasonable (after we know we're both interested in that) to simply ask when (s)he was last tested and if (s)he has a printout. And if it wasn't after his last partner, I'd ask him to get tested/offer to go together. Also, I'd ask him to let me know if he was seeing other people at the same time.
I think the main one is physical appearance. An average attractive woman is (and I'm generalizing!) frequently given meaningless 'compliments' ad nauseum. An average looking man, on the other hand, often doesn't hear that - I know several guys who seem to think they must be unattractive. (They aren't. They're poster boys of 'average,' or even a bit better.) This thinking is reinforced if they aren't successful dating. Sexual prowess is a big area of insecurity. And some of it might be justified (bad in bed is, well, bad in bed). But other issues...not so much. Yes, there are 'size queens,' but overall I think men care more about penis size than most women. As long as everyone is satisfied at the end of the romp, that's what matters. Financial ability. Some people care about this, some people don't. I think a fair few men forget the "some people don't" part of that, which is sad because that number is growing. This results in two types of insecurities: the first is not feeling "worth" a great relationship because he has nothing to compensate/spoil her with, and the second is feeling insecure about his ability to be a 'provider' (or about his value if she makes more money and is the 'provider'). Financial insecurity segues nicely into another insecurity...the "will anyone like me for *me*?" issue. So many guys seem to think everything else is more important, they undervalue personality. Or they don't think there's anything special to them. I'm not sure which, but either way, the resulting insecurity is that they won't be loved unless they bring something extra to the table, like money or a huge cock. So overall, are there cocky guys? Of course. But the *average* guy seems to underestimate what he brings to a relationship - he forgets about personality and behaviour, and focused a critical eye on physicality and financial situation. So, through this blindness and criticism, he under sells himself. Which often ends up being a self fulfilling prophesy IMO...because if you don't value yourself, why should anyone else?
&gt; Namely... she kisses me, I orgasm Wait, what? Really?? Wow. I thought I was a quick fire with my last boyfriend, guess not! Ha, I can why you two limit PDA, especially if you aren't someone who can stay quiet through that lol.
I love that you said which glasses! I treat mine like accessories lol, my friends think I'm odd.
Oh my god YES, I am seconding this. Fitted business pants are absolutely delicious!
Thank you! I've seen this stereotype mentioned all over reddit, but I never understood it. I've never even met anyone who owns a horse, so I was pretty confused lol.
Agreed. An asshole is an asshole regardless of if there's a man or a woman attached.
This is understandable. But keep in mind - the key to strong management longterm is delegation!
If I may add to this, if s/he isn't into something take the time to ask *why.* Maybe s/he doesn't like pain but is open to/enjoys the control aspect etc. So depending on your fetish, s/he may not be comfortable with everything but there may be areas of overlap you can play with.
I'm glad I wasn't the only one wondering this.
Wait...what? It can cause problems later even if you're fine for years? I didn't know that, and would never have thought to wonder if it was my pill at that point.
Wait...what? It can cause problems later even if you're fine for years? I didn't know that, and would never have thought to wonder if it was my pill at that point.
