Lame. It would be lame.
The hell if I know. I haven't asked him yet.
*This user probably thinks that they are just as, if not more, clever than the previous users with this answer.*
Making children pledge their allegiance daily to the republic and it's flag.
Most of them have enough balls to not hide behind a throwaway. What's your excuse?
Australia is full of cunts.
You're influenced by bad /askreddit questions.
There's not a doubt about that. ;p
I thought it said weird, not wrong?
That if you are from there, there is at least one Canadian redditor that asks lousy /askreddit questions.
His answer is slightly more original than your question.
And where are you going? I'll wait for you to ask the user from the front page.......
Don't pee on their leg!!!
Prostitution
If you're from there, people from Freedonia ask lousy questions.
He peaked a long time ago.
It doesn't hurt them enough.
"Please contribute to the discussion or leave" What discussion?
Yes. You can read.
The discussion from most people here is about how this is a lame repost, so they have contributed more than you.
You and I both know it's a little too late for that.
I truly do. I admire originality and creativity.
Stealing **b**'s from double **b** words.
You can say "shit" on reddit.
They grew up into hipsters.
Why would the FBI care?
You should microwave them.
"Jesus Christ! God Dammit Jack!"
They are trying to help Rubber Duck make it to the border.
Yes. If you have cancer, that's not enough.
He used his unique kung-fu style to ward off the bandits terrorizing the town and rescued his girl.
I'm a fucked up individual, but I draw the line at death pools.
She died of complications from diabetes a few years ago.
I don't. I can't speak German, and by that time Hitler had already become pretty well established.
Miller time.
Why were you looking for beheading videos?
I've been on the deep web plenty of times. You only find what you're looking for. Were you on some sort of liveleaks-like site?
Miller time.
How many upvotes you're going to get on a repost.
A case of beer.
There is an American remake that came out in January(I think) of this year.
Miller time.
Miller time.
Miller time.
All of them.
Miller time.
Miller time.
Timing
Isn't this what throwaways are for?
Stage a student protest for longer school days.
