If aui taught me anything is that even as a 2k scrub i buy my shit fast and go do stuff quick
I was not aware we were using Somalians for wine now
the bad thing is that they can blindside you pretty hard, I had a very shy gf for some years, she cheated on me for some months without me knowing, I never saw it coming as she was so shy
Do people evento know whata fuckboy is this days?
I fucking hate Mexicans speaking in English, its not their fault but damn! (I'm Mexican BTW)
His accent makes his cast even better for me, and the guy is hilarious, but yeah when you come from the same place I can see how it might be cringeworthy
Midnas lament from Twilight Princess, the titles song for skullgirls and the intro son for final fantasy christal chronicles... Also I'm pretty sure xenoblade is pretty good soundtrack
I honestly think their first 2 albums were fantastic, much better than all of the other "emo" bands from back in the day
Silent alarm - bloc party That album was simply perfect IMO top 3 of that decade and I'll fight whomever doesn't agree.
I have a couple of dogs se picked up from a shelter, not only did the people threw them away they tried to buen them un an empty lot, luckyly they were rescued and got to the shelter, some of those didnt survive, some others live with me now
5 reasons we hate... Is my reason to live
I started drinking some craft beers after a new bar that specializes in them opened very close to my work, the variety is amazing and the taste is much stronger in a lot of those beers, so much so that most regular beers like corona taste like water to me, I'll still drink normal beer (because I'm poor) but at least I know now that there is a world out there
But to be fair shes a terrible wife who doesnt hold to any expectations in the bedroom, she fucking jacks him off without even taking eyes away from her computer, he's dying and has a horrible sexlife he didn't even think of cheating but I don't see how she could blame him if he did.
But I really don't see why he was thrown off about it, we are supposed to love the antihero, and Skylar many times acts against him or makes things harder for him, why wouldn't we not hate her? Sure she doesn't know and its not her fault but she's still a huge bitch all series, her and her bitch sister Marie! The only likeable one is hank and even he is am asshole a lot
I agree completely she's set to be a horrible person from episode one, she only gets redemption for being the lesser evil person but she stopped out of fear not out of goodness, the only truly decent people in that show are hank and the kid
This is not my story personally but I saw it happen pretty close to me, basically my gf's brother was a pretty hardcore atheist, his parents always claimed to be catholic but mexican light catholic, never went to church in their life and they are only baptized but not any of the other stuff, so basically completely away from church... Anyway, he turned to christianity because some shitty things happened that turned the family upside down and he started dating this christian girl, now to me it was predatorial but he totally fell for the girls and her fathers (who was a pastor) oportunistic presentation of god as a way to make his shitty life less shitty, he fell in love with the whole thing and he turned into full crazy devout christian in what seems practically overnight for me, to me it was completely confusing because he used to be a hardcore skeptic and in general a really smart dude, he got the highest gradein his major and masters degrees in engineering and next day he's praying for everything and pestering his family to turn to christianity.
I was amazed too at how religious people were, my family was atheist and always called themselves that, also both of them were biologists, in middle school I attended a christian school because it was pretty high quality, I was befudled the first time I argued with a young earth creationist idiot kid, I literally couldn't wrap my mind around someone believing in god with that fervor. I was also amazed the first time people asked me to pray before eating, I just told my friends parents I didnt know how because I was an atheist, I was like 10 and I'll never forget the look of disbelief in their faces.
Once a teacher I really liked that was a christian told me she was always going to try and convert me because if she didn't I'd go to hell and she liked me too much for that to happen, I guess you'll miss your parents when you are contemplating god in the afterlife OP.
/s
That's true, but if you are gay and have a kid they way to get your kid to be accepted is not by hidding the fact that you are gay, its to make a statement to others, to show others that its ok to be gay, bigots die when ignorance and taboos die, the way to help those kids is by showing off, not the other way around, don't get confused.
Hacking... I don't feel any need to explain.
Im mexican and eat them a lot too
GO HUMAN BEINGS!!
I'm fucking sure I was in that game and was lina, any dotabuff?
Not only was he an idiot, I'm pretty sure the np was a racist cunt, I was there I promise http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1548623207 just 2k USE things
Ironic, also fuck you, I'm not a native speaker, yeah it's lose, sue me
Me too, those aren't cycling shorts
I would say most people making the chance should be mid 2k i got a friend who played gold 1 and got 3k, right n now he sits at upper 2k
If not climbing out of 1k and 2k trench is really ez, pick a hero you like and has big team fight spells, learn to last hit really well with bots and win, for me phoenix and leshrac are really good climbers
Really? Actually the games I come back from is when people use the mic to plan and encourage each other
When you are comfortable with mechanics just random... Who picks heroes anyways?
I was there it gets better, if you are in NA I'll play message me
Not just any meat tho, tacos are incredibly varied, sour cream on most is an insult, also its not any grilled meat, and its actually mostly not grilled, masiza tongue, bone marrow, brains, Nana buche, nenepil and most tacos the meat is cooked on big casseroles with oil, basquet tacos are steamed and have different meat and beans and other stuff on them, there are chorizo tacos, chicharron tacos, there are a shit ton of different taco kinds and all of them are better than burritos
But if any of those things hadn't happened you'd just be facing that reality thinking the exact same thing, you basically say, since good random things happened then God must have helped..
So basically if you pray and get nothing you get a free pass for something after you die... That sounds convenient, is there like a system for how he picks, like if you don't get a job then you are excused from stealing bread or is it random?
"Will likely fail" like you know what we can do in another thousand years of research... Also agnosticism is atheism for pussies, yes the argument is technically correct but then you would have to claim that for every non falsifiable theory out there which proves how silly agnosticism is.
Well it surely can disprove things
It's true, the gf is always complaining because she's 32F here I'm Mexico you need to pay over 80usd for a bra that size and up to a 100, and when I met her she used worst bras and she really suffered for it
It constantly is about disproving hypothesis so if you make a wrong one and the data you aquire trough experimentation is not consistent with it you reject it... So it can surely disprove things its basically part of the method to reject wrong ideas and notions we have about how the world works
I meant because you said you had voices and it sounded a bit worrying, im glad counceling helped, i hope you get better
Yes it does if you have a silly hypothesis and you apply the scientific method to it and it concludes it doesn't fit with our model of the world it means that hypothesis was disproved.
Lol haven't seen any buzzfeed articles but my hair girl suggested one, as long as you have your sides, and part of the back shaved it does get the girls thirsty or at least it did do the trick for me... I think that the theory behind it is that if you have an already handsome face to begin with the bun just takes all of the hair you used to have away from it so people can see you better... It also works if you just have short hair but that wasn't so cool before the man buns so many people didn't have short hair
Some do, there are ones with really tight crotch and a tinny ass zipper, the ones that aren't like that have plenty of room and hold nicely to the legs.
Yeah but its not like every silly thing gets its 15 minutes, most things are done for good after we discard them.
I dunno, if you buy ones make sure the zipper área is big enough, works for me
Do you have any vid of a pro doing it or something, it seems that whenever I play against dark seer I can't zone them for my life and I'm actually competent zoning others.
OK will do, BTW any heroes you recommend? is getting boots as a support right out of the gate worth to keep him off (especially in a trilane scenario) or do I just get regular items and maybe am extra clarity to spam at him to zone better?
Not to brag but spotify is so desperate to pull mexican costumers we get 3 months for 9 Mexican pesos, so less than 1 dollar for 3 month
Tuskar is strong as fuck in this patch, and its a great pick against heros who can get affected by Break
Imo phoenix should always be a 3 or 2, at worst a 4 because it still works well without farm but never a 5, phoenix does so much with levels/gold that its always worth it to give it some... Also I'd recomend always picking that veil before shivas, its much less expensive and it'll help you a lot in the early-midgame and lategame the shivas will be great. Some have said that mango might be a great pick for phoenix early but I havent tried, in paper it gives you much needed health regen and since phoenix has mana problems it might help you land a clutch ult after your spirits took a little too much mana, this might be really good if you are getting zoned and your tranqs are being delayed. Another thing you might consider is getting that bottle, that way you farm a bit, kill with ult, bottle up, pick a rune and repeat, you play basically like how you would play a clock and it'll create massive space for your team and free a lane for someone else to farm while you roam.
