When can we read some afterreports? :)
Early versions of ToME4 looked a lot like Angband. But the UI and gameplay have both changed considerably since.
No way, even Byron wasn't as bad as that demon :( All out religious demonic force with terrible CGI flames? I'll take the singing Byron over that any day...
Lyta's development through Byron is interesting though. The telepaths weren't that interesting as a group, but seeing how the others interacted with them revealed a few new things. In particular Sheriden having to deal with troublesome rebels, and Lyta learning the truth of how warped and used she's been. If the Byron arc had been condensed and more thrown in about Lyta's resulting terrorism involvement I think it could have been far more gripping.
You need to calm down and step out of this thread. It's fine to dislike a game, but don't start attacking individuals.
If you go to Z'Ha'Dum, you will die... Sure lived up to its promise :)
Few dozen is fine for this sort of gathering. Do it! Get IRDC USA 2016 scheduled now!
A pretty good introductory article for anyone unfamiliar with roguelikes in general :)
Yay, a write-up! I'm glad the meet-up was a success, and it sounds like there's good appetite for more in future. In the past we've struggled to get anyone motivated to run this before, so big kudos to /u/heroicfisticuffs for kicking this all off! I was sorry to miss it, but it sounds like my name was invoked a good deal :-/ Poor local Nethack players must have been so confused... Hopefully next year's IRDC will get roughly scheduled soon. I can then try to convince my fiancée that we should have our honeymoon around the same time and place ;)
Well there was a push to maximise numbers on this to make best use of the space. If you're restricted on numbers then concentrate on getting key people instead.
Thanks! We've done both hunger clock and hero trap. What other tropes are you thinking about?
No corruption involved there - just 45 minutes of me talking to myself.
There were issues with the outtro recording, and a few people's submissions were too low quality to include, but overall it went fine :)
Welcome to the fun! The roguelike community is pretty awesome :D Just don't ask us about the definition of 'roguelike'... ;)
We had a procedural generation episode, but not one specifically on levels. To be honest it's not an easy thing to discuss in audio - you kinda want diagrams and code snippets to demonstrate points in depth. Jim's IRDC talk on level design in Dungeonmans is brilliant: http://www.twitch.tv/irdc_usa/c/6781057
It's most of what we received - a few we couldn't use due to audio issues. But in the scale of all YASDs ever, this is nowhere near representative of the total human suffering roguelikes have caused ;)
I'm not sure if I have much positive to say about either topic, but I'll see if I can get on people with different views ;)
Give Hoplite a go. It's a mobile game, quick to play, very tactical, has the core roguelike formula. I know very few people who haven't found it addictive :) From there try to branch into the bits you like the most or what you feeling is missing for a fuller experience.
Sad fact is the same is true about fantasy. Fantasy is utterly limitless, but it always ends up Tolkien spin-offs.
PRIME is like a sci-fi version of Nethack. Might want to check it out for inspiration. Does a lot of fun things - has corrupted floppy disks and so on. What I'd love to see is a cyberpunk roguelike :)
Heh, I couldn't guarantee, but I would try my best to attend.
And Babylon 5 ranks...?
Sorry, but this isn't the place for promotional posts, especially when it's not a traditional roguelike.
Not sure, but you may want to try /r/roguelites.
Woohoo! Keep us updated. One of the joys of this sub is hearing the "wow" posts from new viewers :)
Butt of the joke? This is a silly way to think of an xkcd strip. I took it to be an absurdist piece (think if it had been coffee instead) with maybe some reflection on people that do drink beer just to fit in (definitely happens).
I swear I've been on dozens of wine tasting and have been forced to drink the stuff at countless occasions. Screw this acquired taste malarky, and screw everyone trying to tell me that I just need to drink more. I just don't like wine! :P
Randall lives in the Boston area - I find it hard to believe he's not exposed to good beers. Option c) is that he just genuinely doesn't like beer, option d) is that he was making an absurd joke.
As someone much beyond college, when I mention that I don't drink I suddenly get long speeches about "oh, well *I* only drink on these days..." or some other guilt-ridden speech. I'm almost tempted to drink just to make them shut up :P
It has essentially been running on the Patreon model for years before Patreon existed.
Hoplite and Ending are both fantastic for a stripped-down roguelike experience. WazHack for something much heavier (ie. more "stuff" in it) but with a twist on the usual roguelike presentation. Cardinal Quest 2 for another detailed game with good variety.
Well, depends a little on what you're after! If it's mastery of a system, Brogue is calling for you. If you want many race/class options and a bit of a role playing experience ADOM is perfect. If you want something smaller and tighter but just as addictive then say hello to Hoplite. If you want something giant and messy then CataclysmDDA or DF:AM both could swallow you up. If you want something big but with streamlines and innovations in gameplay then check out ToME4.
I feel like this is beyond even the 7-year mark, into an 10+ year zone of "embarrassing to man and beast in both our languages".
There are two modes to it - the first is preset puzzles, the second is open procedural roguelike-ish levels. Give the latter a go, it's awesome!
There's a python + libtcod tutorial that's absolutely perfect for you. It includes lots of standard roguelike code and the tutorial hand holds you through the early process. Once you have a basic game together it's easy to then play with the different elements to turn it into whatever you like. You can find it here: http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod
At the moment those sorts of posts are deleted. I only let LPers post a single ep from a series and only for traditional roguelikes (so not DF, though Adventure Mode gets a pass). Part of having a dedicated thread would mean letting people post new eps of ongoing series in that thread. At the moment there's no way to advertise new eps in the series without spamming the subreddit.
Yeah, that's pretty much what we do here now.
It would likely work a little better than there because we'd have regulars coming to post their LPs every week. Less need to constantly teach the rules to newcomers.
Other countries like Turkey have physically blocked the likes of Facebook for a lot less. Not that this is relevant - reddit haven't given any law-related reason for their actions, just their own community standards. The whole point of the xkcd linked at the top is that the rush to the law in these debates is absurd. If you're kicked out of a social place for doing something against the rules of that community and your only recourse is "yeah, but it's not illegal!" then that probably makes you more of a prick.
The banning reasons was for harassment, not free speech. Not that I care about the free speech element. There's no such thing as true free speech, and expecting that from a commercial organisation is in itself worthy of ridicule. Getting into a storm over not being able to tell fat jokes is downright hilarious.
But the downvote is used to mark content that is lacking in reasoning or smells of conspiracy nut.
You're saying a harassment policy is a bad thing? They've evolved their policies to deal with becoming a much bigger thing that when reddit started. As this happens you inevitably need new policies to keep in tow the most extreme elements. And you inevitably piss off a few people in the process...
It's interesting that you attack Pao for having ideologies when your real problem is that she doesn't follow your own extreme ideology. I don't really think ideology has much to do with this from the admins. They have rules, people broke those rules. If it was really ideology driven we'd see far far more than just 5 subreddits banned.
I love how "slippery slope" is used to attack everything. Banning FPH is a slippery slope to restricted speech and supporting racism! Allowing FPH is a slippery slope to all-out wars between subs! Ultimately saying something's a "slippery slope" is outright reducto ad absurdum - anything can be a slippery slope to anything else if you want it to support your internet argument.
Yeah, it is that extreme a view, because as you know illegality gets crazy hard to define in this situation. You can go full permissive or full totalitarian with it - many reddit subs are absolutely illegal in various countries. Reddit is a corp with a media interest to protect, so expecting them to only act in the most extreme illegal cases is not reasonable. But even beyond that, there are many dickish things in the world that aren't illegal - we shouldn't defend them just because they aren't outright illegal. The law doesn't exist to provide a moral code for social interactions - *we* decide that by what we say and do.
I see it as extreme because it's impractical for a social group. As a comparison, /u/soccer never did anything illegal or against reddit rules, but we all bloody well wanted rid of him. The essence of Western freedom of speech legislation means that the law only gets involved at the most extreme of cases. The law is almost worthless for any sort of social moderation, and using that for the only rule leads to... well, 4chan. To me this idealism of minimal administration is an impractical dream, especially on a site as big and as noted in the media as Reddit.
I don't think its been working entirely hunky-dory, and in particular I think online hate groups have become much more active and organised in the last year - Gamergate especially. Reddit don't want this place as home to organised harassment campaigns and I think that's quite sensible. Yishan Wong's statement seems to tie in reasonably well with what Reddit said yesterday - they're banning for actions, not opinions. Harassment of individuals is not a form of free speech. I don't entirely know what harassment went down (I've heard of many allusions to pics and doxxing of imgur employees, and pics of a trans teenager misused) but it seems clear they're not attacking ideologies, which is why so many horrendous subs still stand. I agree that it still seems inconsistent, and that Reddit admins have been poor at communicating their actions. Transparency is something they said they wanted to promote but aren't doing too well on so far.
Well, the harassing bit of Gamergate, as opposed to the general complaining bit or the serious about ethics bit, or whichever other bit :) And part of the problem here is that fatpeoplehate was being used innocently by many to make jokes about fat people. But some, including the mods, were misusing the sub terribly. The stories about attacking suicidal people sounded especially bad. In fact it's pretty awful that nothing has happened till now. Illegality is very messy in these situations!
At the moment it is moderated to be that way. The proposed change is to be more inclusive (including new episodes in a series) but restricted to a single thread.
Free only for the Roguelike of the Week feature. That way anyone can join in at no cost. And there are enough free roguelikes out there that don't get enough attention.
