It says I should have $168,000 in savings. Under a million for my projected income when I'm in my 50s. That's absurd
No I don't make close to that. And putting that straight into savings seems unwise when looking at different financial options.
I assume they are kids in high school
When I'm in my 50s that's what people in my feild make But that formula doesn't really account for income over time, it assumes a solid level of income with no changes or large jumps And I more mean the 168k for my current income seems absurd
When both of us are fully satisfied
He works 6 am - 230 or 330 pm I work 8 am- 5pm, but during certain times of the year it 730-late (can be 9 or 10 pm, more often 7 pm)
Dip brow
Be interesting, engaging, delightful, socially able. And work on your appearance.
About a year into the relationship.
Stop calling it that, for one
Not really. I'm not one for small talk texts with friends If it's a guy I've been flirting with, it's different.
To between my shoulder blades I'm not really a long hair person
Somewhat.
The fuck?
In what circumstance can you imagine it being worked out?
I guess for me, if they talk after the fact and consider it ok, I don't really count it as rape.
No way in hell
For some reason, I seem to be like crack for metalheads. I don't understand why. I'm not even into them. I'm not metal or alternative looking *whatsoever* I don't think it says anything about me
I get over it
Nope Most cops I've met are great guys, and we have a really solid police force, but I wouldn't be ok with the danger involved
Nope, I *just* said I didn't look alternative whatsoever I wear business clothes almost all the time, or dresses/skirts. I have no piercings. Very natural make up. Edit: Do scene and emo still exist? I thought those died like 5 years ago. I feel old.
Hell fucking no
Well I don't know any high schoolers and I've never met anyone scene or emo over the age of 20, but I thought the trend was dead. Then again, I'm totally out of touch
Not overly. My boyfriend is 5ft6 and easily the hottest guy I have ever dated. He's stupidly attractive. Anything over 6ft4ish is too tall for me. My preference is 5ft5-6 feet.
Chris Kratt when I was 6 or 7. I was really into Kratts Creatures.
I've always upgraded. I've never left someone for someone but the quality of person I've dated has steadily gone up.
I would think it looks dumb
If you want NYX products, you can get them at Rexal There are also a few beauty boutiques you can find. Some of them sell my holy grail eyeliner by Geisha Ink
I hate it and find it extremely unattractive
I'd be willing to try out a threesome if he wanted. But I wouldn't feel 100% ok with him using another person to figure out his sexuality... that wouldn't work for me. I don't give a shit about him being potentially bisexual.
Any that insinuate the experiences of others aren't reality, or target the opinions of others or the subreddit tendancies. Or any special snowflake style answers. I also hate questions meant to critique users, their answers, and sow discord
Love. Companionship. A partner. Someone who will always have my back. A support system. A cheerleader. A problem solver. Someone who will let me know when I am making a mistake, and help me fix it. A loving critic. Someone who cheers me up and makes me laugh after a long day. Someone who, when I have had a terrible day, can provide safe haven just by being in their arms.
Yeah, there are a few of these, and they are great networking events. I dislike the topics, usually, but I find it useful to meet people at them
Conferences always have networking portions. And then there are lunches, dinners, coffee breaks, mingling with people before and after panels
My relationship isn't mentioned anywhere on my FB. We don't post anything other than interesting links onto each others walls, and there is rarely if ever conversation.
Nope. That's very impractical in the long term and I don't really want to deal with shit like that
We would not date. If he tried to "win my heart" he would be very promptly rejected.
Ideally every day or two. However that's impractical with my life. I can deal with 2-3 times a week. I'm 24.
How To Be A Woman by Caitlin Moran. Bossypants by Tina Fey The Portable Dorothy Parker
I'm too gregarious for some people apparently Because I'm comfortable flirting with and asking out men I'm not insecure enough? That was a weird one
That sounds really painful and I feel nauseated just thinking about it
I think it's super strange, personally
/r/AskCulinary
Ew. Dude. Come on.
Hi, I'm a woman with perfectly normal genitalia who cannot have those orgasms, pleased to meet you.
No because he's not into it I used to, though.
I have them everywhere. Pockets of my bags, inside my phone case, my wallet, and a business card holder
Yeah all the time. At least a couple times a day on week days and whenever I'm at events.
During usually
What do you mean?
