Dude, at least ten teams need to lose to get you guys in.
Somehow, I don't think life is the appropriate word here.
Based on what I know, Raiders and Chargers. Willingness of at least one of them to switch conferences, the league can force the Rams to switch too, and St. Louis has the only remotely logical stadium plan out of the three cities, which almost forces the owners' hand.
I dunno, I kinda thought it was a good idea. Can't put my finger on why, though...
You guys just had an aging quarterback who pushes his limits to dangerous extremes. The Colts' meltdown is plain dysfunction.
...Are those custom Cowboys jerseys?
...It was more because they botched it against the Patriots, really. I was just being an ass.
Well. We're fucked. Of course, that's assuming the Chiefs don't have their way with us first, 'cause God knows Houston can't stop 'em!
Realistically, I expect the Broncos to play the Steelers, and us to shit the bed against the Chiefs.
It literally depends on whether Dalton is healthy. Otherwise we're bound to a Chiefs loss.
Could you go into more detail about why Denver will beat Pittsburgh? I mean, besides Peyton, what's so different about the Broncos' offense between week 15 and the Divisional Round?
I dunno, I think we should be rooting for the Patriots to make it in. There would be the 31st and 32nd picks remaining for the draft, and we already lost our first-rounder, so the Patriots making it in would change nothing whether we win or lose. Which of course means Roger Goodell loses, plenty of reason to root for the Patriots.
Sound logic, except Jerry Jones has a history of glorifying problematic players.
I would also like to know what's so different about the Steelers' offense versus the Broncos' defense.
What do you mean by "another team?" Because the only thing I can think of is him building the stadium to sell the operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers with him owning the actual venue to use for concerts and whatnot, plus the shopping area around the stadium, but that's just crazy.
I'm just happy as long as the Patriots get there because it'll more or less negate our lost draft pick.
The difference is that Kraft actually *owns* the Patriots. I'm talking about Kroenke selling operating rights to the Raiders and Chargers.
This after the Wells Report determined the team itself had nothing to do with it! That's why I'll be pissed if we don't at least make it, because win or lose, it wouldn't change anything for the NFC team and would make Goodell look like an idiot.
Yes.
Ah, okay. The question though is if the league will let one owner own the stadium where two other teams play.
But there's a salary cap in the NFL, so assuming every team has the same money to spend, I don't see a problem talent-wise. Of course, it'd probably devalue the Raiders and Chargers by a fair bit, so...
I think Yoda mentioned it in Phantom Menace, though. "Only two there are, no more, no less. A master and an apprentice." I may be paraphrasing, but the point is it's canon there's only two Sith.
Also, I believe most pre-Episode I EU material is still considered canon, if not all of it. It's just stuff past VI that's been phased out with The Force Awakens.
The way I understood it, most fans consider historical content still canon since it all comes before Phantom Menace. But I guess that's what I get for getting my info from TV Tropes.
Good. Maybe next year we'll get an OC with a less injury-prone scheme. Not that the defense has had better luck there...
At that point you might as well give Johnny Manziel the job.
What the hell are you guys referencing?
I mean, he got to the playoffs with Hoyer and had a winning record with Fitzpatrick.
Not necessarily. Look at all the important players that went down in a row. I simply refuse to believe our luck is that bad.
I don't want to take away the Denver defense's glory, but I just won't be able to accept Peyton getting a ring this year. Not after he led the league in interceptions between now and when he was benched against Kansas City. I'm probably gonna get downvoted a ton for saying that, but I don't care! He doesn't deserve it this year!
Who did The Hobbit, and who did The Lord of the Rings?
I'm flattered you think we can win in Denver.
Really? Wow. What was the difference maker between Hobbit and LOTR then?
Well, I know Hobbit was expanded into at least three movies (Unexpected Journey, Battle of the Five Armies, and I forget what the middle one was called). How much of that was from the books, and how much of that was studio padding?
Euugh. But assuming you boiled the whole trilogy down to strictly what was in the book, is it anywhere near as good as LOTR?
Desolation of Smaug! That's the second movie!
That defense deserves rings all around, but it just doesn't sit right with me to think of the interception leader winning a Super Bowl ring, at least not as a starter.
I mean, if anything the ring only enhanced his value. You win a Super Bowl in a contract year, someone's gonna pay you out the nose.
Apparently, HGH &lt; deflated footballs as long as it's Brady versus Manning. See, this is exactly why I hate Peyton Manning. Nice enough guy, great athlete in his prime, but the media as a whole is so willing to kiss his ass I can't help but hate his guts despite knowing he has no control over what reporters are saying about him. Meanwhile, Tom Brady plays the best football of his career, yet everyone stops giving a flying fuck as soon as injuries gut his offense! It's irrational, I know, but I don't much care. I like Peyton Manning the athlete, I like Peyton Manning the person, but fuck Peyton Manning the icon!
Yeah, I'm willing to believe Peyton did it for his long-term health, if he did it at all. I mean, shouldn't the league make an exception in his case? The man could very well have been paralyzed for the rest of his life, and if HGH can help him recover from that (enough to let him play again, I doubt it could ever be a nonissue), I'm all for it!
The Jets had the cap room. What more is there to say?
Can't even hear it, my Internet is that shitty.
The first part pissed me off, but when I finished reading, I had a good chuckle.
I would think the cheerleaders being team employees kinda went without saying...? Guess not.
Okay... but how would you make it easier on the team and/or fanbase?
I would think the cost to purchase and relocate an existing team is greater than the 500 million the league is looking for for one of two expansion teams.
That doesn't work for the six-team divisions, as a third game against the sixth team would bump the schedule to 83 games, hence the need to remove a game.
I'm just going off geography. I also don't expect Boston and Montreal to break up, nor do I expect Toronto to break up with Buffalo or Ottawa or Quebec to not be in Montreal's division. This makes the most sense as far as rivalries go.
I'm just trying to fit 32 teams into 82 games here.
This way the option is there for an Eastern team to move to Seattle if the arena issue there is resolved.
