coke, 30 paces away
I only worked there for two weeks, during which he talked to me twice before, once on the very first day, and once in the middle asking when I was taking my breaks (I staggered with the other guy)
First day: "Hello you will be working here", shows me sub boss, who was apologetic when he escorted me out but didn't do shit. Other day: "When are you taking your breaks? How many breaks are you taking?" (i'll admit I took 3 breaks instead of the mandated two on another day(5 mins long), but again we were far ahead of quota and the guy I worked with was fine with it) He said when he fired me "Don't give me this horseshit", "I don't care", "Escort him off the premises", and "I don't want to see him here" I wasn't doing anything badly, on Tuesday I set a company record for fabricating a certain part, exceeding quota by 150 parts. He didn't give me any feedback besides the vague "well done" and threatening to fire me.
Well fuck. I did tell CECA what the ex-boss said to me, so I hope they'll take at least some action in expunging the record.
Oh, well. I was upset when I got fired, then angry as all hell when I was driving home. Now I just don't give a shit anymore.
Yeah I sent them an email soon after I was fired, and left a voicemail. I'll try calling again monday. I'm actually reasonably sure the guy who fired me(he's low level, but the most senior around on Friday evenings) even remembered that I was a coop, not a temp, and he just fired me for whatever reason. Thanks
It's okay, like I said in another thread I was upset when I got fired, then angry as all hell when I was driving home. Now I just don't give a shit anymore.
I don't get paid enough for coke
I sent an email to HR lady who hired me, she's nice, but she wasn't at work. At this point I just don't want whatever shit that supervisor writes in my review to be on my jobmine record.
Way to twist the knife fam
To all the people asking me to out the company: thank you, but there are a number of other coops still working there and I don't want to rock their boat as well. I spoke casually to a lawyer acquaintance of mine and he estimated fees that makes me disinclined to actually pursue legal action...
kek/kek I see them in the McD drivethrough sometimes. I'm not grudging them their meal break, but jfc your orders always take forever to make
Hello, I will give an update on what has happened. So after a lot of three-way back-and-forth between the Company, me, and CECA their HR called me in for a meeting to 'get the facts'. So I went in for the meeting with a fully concilatory and apologetic tone, shook the guy's hand, apologized for questioning him as a superior and as a elder, and generally fell on my sword, because you know, co-op. That was on Thursday. Today I get a call from HR stating that "we stand by our supervisor's decision" etc etc and basically yes you're fired. Presumably no action was taken against the old-timer. I haven't heard back from CECA yet- for those curious the company is Bend All Automotive.
I deferred for multiple years. You need to write a letter explaining the reason for your deferment, and they will take it up with the admissions committee and give you an answer. They expect you to accept the offer first, though. Deferments of less than 2 years are fine, more are tricky, but I got mine approved.
Nice Orwell meme m8
I love big goose
tru
yes Buy it
Oopsi
Is 1v1 RCH 1st floor 4:20pm multimeters only kill?
there there *pats*
Meme
They're takin muh jerbsssss
Kinkaku
Statistically we're Paul Walker
Take an uber
It's all relative One hair on your head is relatively less One hair in your soup is relatively more Kinkaku is relatively near
but it's relatively close in comparison with toronto it's all relative
ye so i'll go to sushi kaji
pay you $2.50
Is this Paul ward
DJ Khaled
idgi
Fuck its cold
I bend my knee to no king They may take our lives but they'll never take our freedommmmmmmm
Murica
I didn't live in UW residences, but I did live in dorms Yes, alarms disturb you, especially if it's a clock-type and loud as hell, or a really annoying song on repeat. I tossed the former across the room and it never disturbed us again Also jesus christ be tidy
bolicy 71
I want to spend my dogecoin instead
No, I have All seasons and I've managed thus far Been snowed in like once
than q
than q
Fucking NSA, don't mine my data
Me too famiglia
WEWLAD
Kickoff is bad
dont fail pd
Rude
"[Question] Can I store condoms in a tight space? " Why is this a question?
oki
