&gt; Oh, go away Crillin. You just know he's gonna go down a couple of times with a name like that...
Democracy. If you know you're going to talk to someone, ask them what they would like to see done. Tell them to butt in when they feel something isn't right. Alternatively, refuse to talk to Elves/Dwarves/Tieflings/... because they're all prissy/drunks/demons/...
If it's the d20, I hope it lands high.
As you will probably be known by: "Those Guys". In a tone that says "They always bring trouble."
&gt; I would enforce the spell's range of 60 ft so as soon as it was 61 ft higher than you, it would start to drop. The spell's description specifically states that the target must remain within the spell's range, so that is in fact RAW.
Well, you didn't specify for whom the rations are meant...
And rogue rouge is a cosmetic product that's cut all ties and now does things on its own.
&gt; Sort of a tangent, but doing crap like this (XP/gold/loot to whomever gets the last hit) promotes this sort of bad manners. Not to mention that the bard who's focussed on buffing and debuffing gets very little XP.
Two words: swivel chair.
&gt; Watch out for abuses like "five low-level casters throw sleep spells and then the archmage throws baleful polymorph" or things like that. This. If you've got multiple casters, the first one to go can cast some cheap spell that affects all bad guys, and then you whip out a fireball for maximum damage.
&gt; Will update. You mean "charisma update", right?
It reminds me of the bard's Vicious Mockery.
Another good one is "Oh dear..."
And I thought my first post was bad. Dear lord the horror you must have experienced.
Average isn't enough, you also need to take the variance into account. If you roll 500 ones and 500 twenties, then your average will be 10,5, but your variance will be too high. Now, this doesn't mean that your variance should be as low as possible. 500 rolls of 10 and 500 of 11 will have the average you want and a very low variance, but this is obviously not a balanced die. What you want is that both the average and the variance are as close as possible to a perfectly balanced die.
Always round down, unless stated otherwise.
The demon looks at you. He says: "You can check out any time you like, but you can never leave."
As long as you can stand talking to yourself in silly voices.
"The exit will reveal itself when the time is right." This can lead to two results (that I can think of). The first is that there is a clock face drawn on the floor, and when the in-game time is the same as the time shown on the clock, a door is revealed to be the correct one. Another option is to have two people open two doors simultaneously, which correspond to a randomly assigned time that has been made known to the party in some way.
Another possibility is a character readying an action such as "When a goblin comes into view, I shoot an arrow at its face." Do note that this uses the character's action, and as such he only has his bonus action for that turn.
&gt; Illusion: The bbeg now believes he's getting owned by a downpour of cats. Why? Cause you just placed him with a reality of your own creation. [Relevant.](https://33.media.tumblr.com/728b26c40c47747528aa44083c9ac3a3/tumblr_inline_mgdvynEvG91qm6f49.gif)
How does the resurrection work precisely? For instance, you get a bad case of the Goblin Flu, which proves lethal if left untreated. Being adventurers, they're out in the wilderness and as such, the character dies from the Goblin Flu. When he wakes up again, does he still suffer from it, or has it disappeared?
Last question, and this is an important one, when he dies, does the amulet shout out "Oh my gods, they killed [CHARACTER NAME]! You bastards!"?
Sure, you can have advantage on everything, if the DM allows it, but you'll also have Wild Surges all the time. And that is where the fun starts. It can go from recuperating all expended sorcery points or regaining 2d10 HP over turning blue or growing a beard of feathers to not being able to speak for a minute (bye-bye verbal spells unless you've got the subtle metamagic feat) or casting fireball on yourself. Some of it is really nice, some of it is really bad. And when the DM finds that you're abusing this, he can always tone down the amount of times he asks to roll on the table.
&gt; A pretty straight forward druid played by the old hippie guy from across the street. It's always easier to play yourself.
"Shit, that's going to land on a one. Better swerve to make it a better number!"
I'm playing through HotDQ, and one of my players is a Wild Magic sorcerer. His character is now level three, and so far, he's rolled once on the wild magic table. Mostly because he wasn't spamming Tides of Chaos, but still.
Actually, if you round down, you get 3, 2, 2, 1, 1, 0.
Nowhere does it say in the PHB that the spells in a spellbook vanish after they've been copied. In fact, it's fair to assume they do not, because what would be the point of a backup then? So with that in mind, why would you sell it? Put up for hiring. As has been stated, buying an entire spellbook is a costly business, and this price can be reduced by a quarter or half if you let others copy the spells, but you keep the book. So now instead of having a single 1200GP cash surge, you can have 3 or 4 600 to 800GP cash surges. And when you come across a new town, repeat the process. If you come across a city with a wizard's college, hot damn, you're set for life.
&gt; ellemohpee Not to be confused with the twelfth letter of the alphabet, ellemenopee.
As should Teleportation Circle.
I'm planning on putting a [hexahexaflexagon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flexagon#Hexahexaflexagon) wizard's tower entrance in my party's path. The way I envision it is that they have to get to the room (state) that is furthest from the entrance. This can be achieved in as little as four moves (if my calculations are correct), but because of the nature of the hexahexaflexagon, there are a lot of possibilities.
Sadly, the Barbarian also decided to make some earrings out of the fallen star...
Your first level as a wizard gives you 3 cantrips and 6 1st level spells. After each long rest you can prepare Wizard Level+Intelligence Modifier, or 1+Intelligence Modifier spells. You have 2 1st level spell slots to cast these spells. If you now take 3 Fighter levels, and choose the Eldritch Knight archetype -which also uses Intelligence as the spellcasting ability and the Wizard spell list- then you will know 3 cantrips and 6 1st level spells from being a wizard; and 2 cantrips and 3 1st level spells from being an Eldritch Knight for a total of 5 cantrips and 9 first level spells. Of these spells, you always have the 3 Eldritch Knight spells prepared, and you can prepare 1+Intelligence Modifier Wizard spells, for a total of 4+Intelligence Modifier possible spells you can cast. To determine your spell slots, you take your Wizard levels, and add your Eldritch Knight levels divided by three and rounded down: WL+EKL/3. In the case of a W1/EK3, you get 1+3/3=2. This is your total spellcaster level. On page 165 of the PHB is a table that shows how many of each level of spell slots you have for all total spellcaster levels. In case of the W1/EK3, you're a 2nd level spellcaster and as such you have 3 1st level spell slots. So, as a W1/EK3, you have 5 cantrips, which you can fire at will, and 4+Int Mod spells prepared (3 EK spells and 1+Int Mod W spells), of which you can cast 3. If you keep levelling up as an EK, then you gain another cantrip when you hit EK10, at which point you also know 7 EK spells (for a total of 13 spells: 6 from W1 and 7 from EK10). When you are W1/EK10, your total spellcaster level is 1+10/3=4, and so you have 4 1st level spell slots, and 3 2nd level spell slots. This also means that if you come across a 2nd level wizard spell, you can put it in your spellbook, prepare it and cast it. The earliest level you have access to 2nd level spell slots is -assuming W1/EKX- at W1/EK6. At that point, you can learn 2nd level spells: &gt; The Spells Known column of the Eldritch Knight Spellcasting table shows when you learn more wizard spells of 1st level or higher. Each of these spells must be an abjuration or evocation spell of your choice, and **must be of a level for which you have spell slots**. Since you have 2nd level spell slots, you can learn 2nd level spells. Similarly, you can scribe 2nd level wizard spells in your spellbook. As for ritual casting, W1 gives you a feat that allows you to cast spells as a ritual. When spells are cast as a ritual, they consume no spell slot and are cast at the lowest level they can be cast. In order to cast a spell as a ritual, you have to have it prepared, or on your list of spells known, unless your ritual feature specifies differently, such as the wizard's. In case of a wizard, you have to have the spell scribed in your spellbook. So this means that as a W1/EKX, you can cast any spell you know as a ritual, provided it has the ritual tag.
I disagree. RAW, you can scribe any wizard spell into your spellbook, if it's of a level for which you have spell slots. As a W1/EK7, he has 2 2nd level spell slots, and as such, he can put 2nd level wizard spells in his spellbook if he comes across them.
I stand corrected.
My bad.
It doesn't. It specifically states that this is on a rolled attack 20, and not on a critical hit. So while the assassin might auto-crit, he doesn't necessarily get max damage.
&gt; Infinite damage is possible I'm going to have to be the pedant here, but no. Infinite damage is impossible. Well, MAYBE one exception, but I'll keep that for last. The reasons I can think of are threefold. Firstly, there is the conceptual problem. Infinite isn't a number, it's a concept. You can't really work with it, since the normal arithmetic rules don't apply to infinite. Secondly, the mathematical argument. I will simplify things to 1d4 as an example, but the general idea applies to multiple dice and different dice as well. The chance of rolling maximum damage on 1d4 is 1/4. The chance of rolling maximum damage again after already having rolled maximum damage is 1/4 as well, since it does not matter what your previous roll was. However, the chance of rolling maximum damage twice, is (1/4)². And for three times it becomes (1/4)³, and for N times it becomes (1/4)^N. If we now let N approach infinity, we will see that this value edges closer and closer to 0. So, assuming we COULD roll an infinite amount of times (which we can't because of the previous argument), the chance of rolling an infinite amount of damage is in fact 0. Thirdly, there's the logistical argument. There is only so much time that A) you're alive, B) the session lasts and C) the DM has patience. Even if you would be so magnificently lucky to reroll a lot of dice, at some point, your DM is going to step in to keep the game going. In this case, the DM might rule infinite damage, but it doesn't matter, you instagibbed the foe nonetheless. Now, I said there might be a situation where infinite damage could be feasible (assuming we ignore the first argument which), and that is unarmed strikes. They do a flat 1 damage (if you aren't a monk or don't have the tavern brawler feat), and as such they always do max damage. If you consider this a roll with auto-max damage, then this would always do infinite damage. This is because the a^N for N going to infinite goes to 0 only if the absolute value of a is less than 1. If |a|=1, it goes to 1 and if |a|&gt;1, it goes to infinite. However, in-game, this begs the question why anyone would pick up a weapon if punching someone instagibs him. So, if only with that reason, it can and probably will be ruled that this is not the case.
[How I imagine you.](http://static1.1.sqspcdn.com/static/f/1376538/22414389/1365600692520/reading.gif?token=WLWYwPjJMN3vnjb8ZDAyBU4z40o%3D)
Do note that feats and multiclassing are technically optional rules, and as such the DM might not allow it. However, this is rather rare. What the DM also might allow is that you spend some time and money training to gain proficiency in a skill, weapon or tool.
&gt; (Pet Rock) [DOWN BOY!](http://www.loadingartist.com/comic/pet-rock/)
Because who would want to fight a cute widdle kitten?
Huh? I didn't take anything form you, did I?
Or perhaps the town Greenest.
I don't know about the setting, so I'm going to assume a couple of points. Most importantly, Mind Flayers and the like are completely alien. They are not native to the set of Planes, which I'll call a universe, for convenience's sake. ***** Tim Merryweather's biological parents, if such terms even applies to Illithids, were brilliant researchers. They have been theorizing the possibility of another set of Planes, which may hold a completely alien life-form. Finally, they had been able to convince the Board of Directors to fund their research, and so they could start an experiment. They built a machine that -if it worked- should be able to create a portal that allows travel between their native universe and others. The first tests were promising, but brief since the effects are unknown. After a while, it became clear that the portal was stable, and so they tried to keep it open for longer. It stayed stable for some time, but at some point, the machine overheated. It kept feeding energy into the portal, making it bigger and more dangerous. It soon became clear that this has become unstable, and could possible take out the entire city, if not the country. People scrambled to get themselves to safety, but Tim's father decided to stay and try to limit the damage as much as possible. His mother headed straight home to get Tim to safety. Realizing that there was no way to get him out of the city in time, she did the only thing she could possibly think of. She put him on the other side of the portal, just as it imploded. Her left hand, with her wedding ring (or other keepsake), was cut off. This was of little consequence, as she was quickly evaporated by the following blast. Of course, Tim Merryweather knows nothing of this. As far as he knows, he is the son of the Merryweathers, a jolly couple of Halflings. While they were initially confounded and terrified of this tentacled monster, they also saw that it was a helpless little child. The better nature of their hearts overcame their fear, and they took him in, raising him as another child of their own/the son they never had.
This, but with the caveat that this creature is a regular creature of that type, under the DM's control. If the player or party abuses it, it has no reason to stay.
How does that work with a caster and his spells?
For damaging spells, there are two types in general. Those who require an attack roll (Fire Bolt, Chill Touch...) and there you roll an attack against the target's AC. So, you would roll 1d20+Proficiency Bonus+Intelligence Modifier (as a Wizard, other spellcasting classes have other spellcasting abilities). If the value you rolled equals or exceeds the target's AC, you hit and then you roll damage. This are usually single-target spells, or multiple single-target ray spells (Fire Bolt targets one foe, Scorching Ray has three bolts that can target different foes or one foe). The second type is usually for area of effect spells, such as Burning Hands, or enchantment-like spells, such as Command. There, you roll damage, and then the targets have to roll some sort of save. Usually, this will be Dexterity, Constitution, or Wisdom. It says so in the spell's description. To know whether they saved and take half damage, or are unaffected, or whatever it is that happens when they save, they have to beat your spellcasting DC. This is 8+Proficiency Modifier+Intelligence Modifier (again, casters with other spellcasting abilities use that modifier for their DC).
Just the once.
