Flair removed. No longer a NiP fan. My 3.5k mmr pubs have more discipline than they have. I've been criticizing their Yolo style for a long time on this sub-reddit. I can not support a team that is unwilling to learn from their mistakes,
The exception that proves the rule!
As EE mentioned the other day, if Korea rises in Dota we are all lost!
Cheer up! We're not being deadly serious here. For the record I have a degree in Mechanical engineering.
The only way they could win yesterday was by NiP giving the win to the.
Yeah, it really should just be west and east in regions (NA in the same as the US). As I mentioned to another poster though, ping is the bottle neck.
They picked Jugg earlier in the qualifers and won so it's not that he's suddenly a bad pick. His biggest issue is his mana problems.
DotaPit 3 has one of the top 10 highest prize pools in a Dota tournament ever. It's baffling that it has gone to such absolute arse with this in mind and all the raves it was drawing for its organization earlier this season.
BUT WHAT DOES IT MEAN???
Play more WD and ES. Good aggressive supports are rare in low level pubs.
There's no questioning Qojva's skill but he seemed VERY off at time in the Ti qualifiers. Given Black's Gosugamers interview on some communication issues in the team it feels fairly obvious that his uncoordinated plays were the cause for some grief.
You are missing the point. It was the boring meta I was lamenting not Chinese Dota. To not offend anyone sensitive I'll remove the "chinese" word.
The Roman Empire is a better comparison, bringing stability and rulership but often through costly tribute and submission.
Love the work you put in, but what is a "Point of Interest"? Is this an addition by yourself or something that's actually in the game?
We are not talking about the same thing. Triss explaining everything to Geralt about his past in W1 would include tons of stuff that does not contribute anything to the plot and story of that game. It would only serve to confuse a player that hasn't read the books. I believe we have to accept that this is a game design decision rather than something that is supposed to reflect on her character in the game.
I dunno. Whenever I see Jennifer Connelly on screen I think "ass to ass".
You keep missing the point, the entire amnesia part in W1 is a designer vehicle for giving players of W1 a fresh start regardless of whether they have read the books or not. It is not a reflection on any of the characters in the game.
Techies now also confirmed to be a pro-Dota cancer as well as pub cancer. Versus a 4-melee line up versus only a support ranged Lina it was a great pick though. Secret's drafting is just levels above the rest of the competition.
Saw one when I was hunting the forktail with Eskel as well.
I have to say this sounds... odd. Sweden is hardly known for stringent or bureaucratic visa requirements.
He's actually a friend of Loda so I don't think that's happening. Also did you see him as a panel member for DreamLeague? Not the dramatic type.
What you experience in the dialogue in W3 is that the characters talk to each other like they have an actual history and they are friends. Even if the observer (ie the player) might not know the circumstances of a particular situation the in-game characters doesn't go off on some monologue where they address the air for a couple of minutes giving bundles of detail that everyone in the scene would already know. When a game does those things to me, I feel as if though it is treating me like I'm lazy, stupid or both (looking at you DA:I).
All the people complaining about the curved nature of the Griffin armor needs to check out historical armor from Europe rather than the stylistic ones you'll see in Hollywood movies. My best recommendation is the Metropolitan museum in NYC that has an amazing collection of medieval armor.
Even though I'm an Alliance fan I think this was mostly on Sumail doing some very questionable plays. [A] was extremely fast on punishing him when he was out of position.
Wish granted.
And accurate.
NiP throw incoming. When they get a slightly bad start they panic and try to just fight from behind to catch up, which means they just end up feeding and losing faster. As I've said countless times on this subreddit, they completely lack discipline and resemble a pub stack in these situations. You can see it clear, NiP are just running right at a LC now that's 10k+ ahead. LC doesn't even need to initiate. They are completely unable to grasp any other tactic than teamfighting or ganking.
Anyone got stats for Earthshakers being played in a core role? I feel that every time it appears it's extremely underwhelming compared to a true offlaner.
Infinite loop. Lucky I'm not OCD.
How does that saying go? He/she has a good set on her shoulders?
[A] picking Io+Tiny first and showing that they yet have not absorbed the meta. And just like the last time they ran it they go all utility outside Loda and Pajkatt. The result is NiP getting Leshrac and QoP AGAIN. [A] being draft hipsters while NiPs draft is as usual far easier to execute. **But** then another classic NiP mechanic strikes. Always trying to take every fight and throwing bodies in even when they've taken causalities.
Lol? They placed #2 in a LAN where they just beat out VP and EG.
Void is actually very fine and balanced right now. A situational pick but still viable in the right situations. The time where you pick him to get 4-man chronos however is past. These days he's better utilized to spend his ulti as soon as it is up just getting single pick-offs.
Secret is the obvious favorite. After that however it gets very murky fast. The Dota scene just now is just so incredibly competitive currently! We saw this weekend Alliance and Fnatic beating EG, LC and NiP ousting VP. Does this mean VP and EG all of a sudden are tier 3 teams? No, there's just so very little margin for error in today's tournaments.
&gt;Techies. 54 matches, 63% win rate Techies players have no friends.
Ah, an indoctrinated victim of the patriarchy.
I don't get it?
Byline: We are never ever getting back together.
So what if he touched some children, he's still Michael Jackson!
Exactly... hence the confusion.
Literally Stannis Baratheon.
How did WR escape?
They are a new team every month!
While I applaud CDPR for bringing us such a great game with a well-deserved high score a part of me is sad. Metacritic scores sadly are a metric for bonuses at many game developers. This has led to massive inflation for game scores in general. Old coot coming out now, but I remember a time back when GameSpot was good and their 75% score indicated a game that was close to great. These days a 75% score is a massive flop. Anything below 90% is basically a disappointment.
Yes, because I disagree with the score. I think W3 is one of the top 5 RPGs I've ever played (I've been around since the C64) but it is not 6% removed from being the perfect game. I can't think of any game that is.
I'm still waiting for someone to make sense of an AC ending.
Are you not trusting me when I say that's my opinion? Anyhow, you're missing the point, it could be any game in the 90% range of which there are tons, it's the game score inflation and the inability to really discern between game that's the issue. Since just about all AAA titles land around that score range.
I greatly enjoyed this... but please never say YOLO again Soe! Also, Cap's nipples. Btw, when will we get more claymodel vids?
A save game editor for this game is badly needed. Nexusmods, make it so!
Alliance being drafting hipsters again. It's like they willfully draft heroes shit in this meta to prove some kind of point (and failing at it).
