Patch it with sheets of styrene, use filler to blend, and then sand to shape. If the error is that large, contact the manufacturer; they will supply you with a new part free of charge, usually. The current mfg is Round 2 models, and they are supposedly very nice people.
Again, it depends. There is no absolute answer for this. My preferences change by project and there's no "standard answer" even for myself. Also, models photograph differently than what our eye sees, so what looks pretty in a photograph might actually look horrendous in person. Light/bare metal airframes with too dark washes (dark brown, black) look silly. Dark airframes with dark colors make no sense. For the grey aircraft, it can be more towards the dark brown/gray/black range, it depends on *where* the area is. See my F/A-18E in 1/144. The wash is a sludge of payne's gray, and a touch of raw umber. http://imgur.com/a/YMU4a
There is also a third alternative: prebuilt mixes and guides written by Mig productions, AK, and the Spanish companies. A cottage industry has sprung up in the last 5 years that has since swept the model press by storm, where they offer everything from particular effects (rain, grime, snow, mud, oil, whatever), to specific color "modulation" effects (dark, light, shadow, worn paint, chipping fluids). Often sold in "packs" that encourage you to buy a product for every single effect you want to create, while providing professional/expert builder advice on how to achieve or clone their effects that they've become known for. That would remove much of your questions, because someone has already figured it out for you (as well as dilution, chemistry, mix ratios, paint compatibility). I personally stick with very "easy remove" materials like pencil graphite, pastel chalk (poor man's weathering powder), acrylic gel mediums, and watercolors. I rarely use oil washes because I find the smells unpleasant and cleanup tedious. I also tend towards "cleaner" builds because after spending all that time building a model I can't be bothered emulating field conditions in many cases, save for armor models. Finally, there's a modern trend towards dirtying up just about everything, including things where it might be excessive. Preshading and the like are very useful techniques, but when overused, create *visually interesting* but not actually accurate paint and wear patterns. There was a hilarious "letters to the editor" from a former tank crewer in Fine Scale Modeler in the last year or so, where a former tank crew member said "STOP IT WITH THE RUSTING TANK TREADS." He claimed that operational tank treads, while muddy, would NOT be rusted; instead, rocks and asphalt would tend to polish it in a color more like a gunmetal/black color. There's some truth to this. Further, Spencer Pollard, even 10 years ago, said something like (He used to write for a now defunct magazine, but has taken up shop elsewhere with other English magazines) "there is a trend these days of weathering everything up to the eyeballs, without any regard to how the originals might have survived in combat." (It was for a review of a Revell 1/32 HE-162, which frankly, would've had very short operational lifespans from finishing of construction to final disposition). If you want an example of this taken to the extreme, see Revell Germany's box art models of the 1/32 Hawker Hunter (preshading on panel lines gone *way* out of hand), or their 1/32 Hawk T.1A (preshading to the point where it's like the mechanics painted black rings around each drop tank.)
Future is allegedly designed to be self levelling (it's floor polish, after all, the original users, people with hardwood floors, would hardly spray this stuff, use a mop or something like that), but where possible, I would spray it. For your woodworking project, OP, take a sample and test it. my F-18E has it brushed on using a wide brush (about 1/4th inch wide, it's a model a few inches wingtip to wingtip). http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzzms/brush_painted_1144_f18e_old_project_not_complete/ See also: https://sites.google.com/site/donsairbrushtips/future-floor-polish And: http://www.pledge.com/en-US/Products/Pages/floor-care-finish.aspx
And no, if the parts are warped (photos)? You send them a photo of them, and ask them politely to send you a new, non-damaged kit, at their expense. Plastic model companies are good about this sort of thing, and Revell isn't bad about it either. In fact, if the kit was in that bad shape in the first place, you should have asked before even starting. In your letter, also note that you bought *two* kits trying to give them the benefit of the doubt, and express (politely) your frustration at being disappointed twice. Ask if there's some way they can make up for the severe inconvenience. It's not inconceivable that if the two kits came from the same flawed production batch that you got two bum kits. I've almost never heard anything (if at all) about poor fitting F-15Es; it's one of those kits that rarely gets criticized outside of absolute accuracy issues. Academy makes an F-15E. http://modelingmadness.com/review/mod/us/labf15e.htm
Professional modelmakers. In the ye olden days professional modelmakers did this kind of stuff on contract. A derivative today is people who build architectural models for a living. Whereas now, CAD and digital models dominate many areas, in the old days, companies, including naval architects and auto manufacturers had entire departments dedicated to modelmaking and making mockups of prototypes. As for the specific builder, I do not know. These kinds of models are not cheap, and cost thousands of dollars.
Where is this office? US? Denmark?
That was a bit tight, but there was no gap (hairline at best). What you do for that is to hold the model vertical, press the point of the noise onto a hard surface, and push.
Wood models became a lot more common in the late 1990s and 2000s (if you go on ebay, you can find replicas of practically any aircraft you can imagine). That is one possible source of the model. It might be a one-off/custom or small batch production for promotional or other purposes. It's worth checking with say, a batman fan forum to see if there's any data. The logo looks rather old and faded (unless that's what the original looked like) indicating it might actually be fairly old. So I'd take a look to see if any promotional models were made, or whether anyone ever heard of these being made as a prize, promo, or office decoration for a studio or something like that (which would be the coolest possibility). For 3 dollars, that's a bargain, even if it's not worth anything as far as collectors value is concerned. It's a nice piece of work and the scale of the model is nothing like a plastic kit. If you can't find any more history on it, it's at least unique and interesting, especially if put in a case next to some vintage comics.
Yes, that might work. I'll have to check the sprocket dimensions. Which Stug did they fit? III/IV?
Sounds like they might fit the bill. I'll see if the mfg gets back to me about spending spare tracks, otherwise I might take you up on those.
You will definitely ruin your canopy. It'll fog the canopy if you attempt to use it, and then you'll have to spend time polishing it back to original state. Tenax is just another plastic welding solvent. While some chemical aspect of it might be proprietary, it's no different than any other plastic welding solvent/cement that you'd use. Some people say that coating canopies in future will allow you to use it without crazing, I'ved had mixed results from that. There are canopy glues that are not white glue (or PVA, as it's known in the trade). Humbrol Clearfix is one. I never liked it much. Revell also makes a canopy glue, though I suspect that's just repackaged white glue. Other white glues with potentially better working properties: 1. Titebond or weldbond (it's one or the other, the name escapes me at the moment, but it'll say it's a general purpose adhesive that is water resistant, but not waterproof) glue. It's a PVA adhesive that is basically a better, quicker drying, and more permanent form of white glue. I believe it's also water resisting, but not waterproof. 2. Tacky glue (available in craft stores). It's a thicker kind of white glue. I haven't used it, but it is one possible alternative. Others: 1. I very rarely hear it recommended, but some people say epoxy might work. However, I'd be skeptical. Lots of epoxy doesn't dry clear and will yellow over time and exposure. Honestly, your best bet is to stick with white glue, buy a solvent based adhesive such as humbrol that is formualted not to craze canopies, and so on.
Sorry, let me look that up. Actually, it's weldbond. http://www.amazon.com/Weldbond-8-120125-Adhesive-4-Ounce-Bottle/dp/B000H5OKN6. Honestly, wood glue is a similar formulation (often it's some kind of PVA), but anyway. Heere's a tutorial if you want. the remarks about future being discontinued are not correct, unless you're in Europe (and even then, alternatives apparently exist, and if not, humbrol's new "Clear" product, which I suspect is just rebottled floor polish). https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WzaLUL3Ads
Yes, I'm aware of that, but in case people aren't aware. Some larger supermarkets also have it, but that seems to be an east coast thing.
Bottle fed brushes are siphon fed, which means that they generally (but not always) require higher operating pressures, correct alignment of the siphon to ensure proper feeding of paint, and can (but not always) uses more paint. Siphons/bottle feeds also depend on having a certain MINIMUM amount of paint in order for the feed to work. This means that any batch of paint you custom mix either (1) has to be used up in that single session, or (2) must be stored in an airtight container until the next session. This is not a problem if you spray paints without thinning and out of the bottle, but it's much more inconvenient if you spray a custom mix of thinned paint. Some modelers, even if they know the proper mixing ratios for a particular thinned paint, like to use the same batch because you know that that mixed batch will be consistent with itself, but not necessarily with another batch mixed to identical proportions. People use gravity feeds because they operate with lower pressures, can use a tiny drop or two of paint. For example, I used to use bottle feed. I usually had to use several ML of paint and thinner to meet the threshold for the bottle feed. Gravity feed (in a clean brush, mind) requires nothing more than a few drops into the paint channel and some thinner, and that should be enough. Unless you're coating large sections of a model, you're rarely going to fill that paint reservoir anyway. I use cheap chinese made airbrushes, and find them servicable (but seriously ,get a bettter one if you can afford it). The first one I bought had a pretty large cup (4 of 5 ccs, I think). The latest one? I bought a 2cc cup because honestly, I *never* spray enough paint to fill it anyway, so why bother? There are people who use bottle feeds and can get great results. Gravity feed is just a bit easier to use in my opinion. However, either one is fine.
My general order of assembly of the cockpit: 1. Paint the instrument panel whatever color it's supposed to be. 2. Paint the cockpit tub whatever color(s) it's supposed to be. 3. Pick out controls with silver/white highlights, detail paint the controls looking at reference photos where possible, use graphite dust as a highlighter where appropriate. 4. Put future floor polish mixed with the relevant clear color in the radar displays (it's not 100% accurate since powered off screens are black, but it's interesting to look at and a nice effect.) 5. Gloss coat ALL of the cockpit surfaces where decals will be placed. 6. Decal the instrument panel. If it's supposed to conform over bumps and knobs and actual surface detail, make sure to use decal setting solution or it won't stick properly. 7. Wait for the decal to dry. Then flat coat if appropriate. 8. Drop using a very small brush, future into the "glass" dials of the instrument panel. **The instrument panel should be decaled as a separate part where possible (easier to do it that way, since you'll have the most access to it) and then glued to the final cockpit tub. Your order is fine. I would leave the instrument panel OFF if it's separate, because it'll make it easier to place the decals (on a flat surface) instead of trying to wedge it into an already assembled cockpit.
Places to get sci fi kits. This really depends on what it is you want. Companies that make Sci Fi kits these days: Bandai (star wars) Revell Germany (they had star wars kits until recently those might be out of production now). Round 2 Models (lots of classic sci fi, Star trek, Star Wars, fictional spaceflight, some old aurora models of the classics era). Mobius models (BSG, various other sci fi and similar themes). Sites to purchase: Starshipmodeler.com store (you'll pay a bit of a premium for buying from the guy who runs the site; he has an integrated store and it used to be a very good website for sci fi modelers). He has everything from resin bits, to mainstream Japanese sci fi kits, to star wars kits and so on. You can search by subject, scale, material, etc. Culttvman Store. I've never shopped there, but it used to be a pretty good site that displayed builds and articles as well. Hobbylink Japan. Located in Japan, but which gets the latest and greatest as far as Japanese kits and sci fi are concerned. If you want a Bandai star wars kit, for example, they'll likely have it before everyone else. Federation Models. Another older site, which specialized in star trek models (including esoteric resin kits). Not sure how they are these days.
It's not necessary, nor required, nor a rule of this sub.
Nice job, nice build, and ha, the deadline's months away. Maybe a second entry?
One way is preshading. Paint the panel lines (and the darkened area you see) in a color like black. Paint the final color over it, taking care not to completely cover the black or until you see a similar shading of the panel lines and access hatches. This is generally possible only with an airbrush because of the control required to land paint into the correct panel lines, and to also selectively coat the final color on top of the shaded lines.
Use a wide brush, up to 1/4inch wide for the large areas, use small brushes for detail painting. Painting with a small brush will increase likelihood of brushstrokes that you won't like. Resin is not the same as plastic models. As listed by other submitters: 1. It can't be glued by regular plastic glue. Use Superglue/Cyanoacrylate. 2. It MUST be washed prior to painting or anything else you're doing, because it often is coated with silicone "grease"/lubricant that is used to make removing the finished resin item from molds easier. 3. It's much more brittle than plastic. 4. Primer's probably a good idea, i.e. a layer of gray, white, or similar paint (or specially formulated primer) so the final colors have something to stick to. Many tutorials can be found. "Building your first resin model" is the search parameter I used. http://www.oldmodelkits.com/blog/plasitc-model-kits-how-tos/how-to-build-resin-model-airplane-kits-resin-101/
And lower your expectations. Most people's first models are not the best. Honestly, since you're new at this and that's your favorite tank, you really should try building something else (or at least, PAINTING something else) before you try it on your prized model.
Always love these weird guys, who have no apparent sense of irony. However, the reviews are okay, and they do provide shots of what's in the box and the like. If you are of similar political opinions and you don't get offended if you don't share them, it's a resource. I think there are better ones out there, though. He does have quite a collection of models though.
That's a pretty good one. Steelnavy.com also had some decent reviews back in the day, but it looks like the site's been inactive for a while. If you can't navigate the site easily you can always try to search for it through a search engine by typing in the name/scale of the ship and then typing in the website name. There's also a "search within" website function on google that you can use. See e.g.: http://steelnavy.com/ReviewsChapters.htm Occasionally, cybermodeler will also provide in box previews of kits. See here. http://www.cybermodeler.com/naval.shtml It seems that many of the ship modelers with sites (that aren't personal blogs or have extensive collections) tend to have comparatively primitive navigation interfaces. Hope that helps.
I don't think that there's anything to be "careful" about, save for the fact that I (personally) find his political opinions misinformed, ironic, or rather silly. But to each his own. He's a guy who likes building models and does reviews of them, good for him. I guess it *might* be a problem if you're browsing his site at work, in which case your search history might start looking a little NSFW, or your webpage history if he hosts any popups. But then again, if you're browsing the internet at work and you don't have one of those super slow jobs where you have ample free time, then you might have larger problems in the first place.
Plastic: tamiya extra thin, Tenax 7R, testors liquid cement (it's liquid, not any kind of "gel"), and although I've not used it personally Plastruct Bondene. Of the list, I particularly prefer tamiya extra thin and Tenax. Both are *not* non toxic, and most solvent based plastic glues are not nontoxic. Alll of these work on the principle of providing a solvent that melts the plastic and the fuses the two parts to be joined together. It works ONLY for compatible plastics, most particularly for the polystyrene in plastic kits. Because these all dissolve plastic, NONE of them are non-toxic, and all of them have highly chemical smells to them. The non-toxic glue you're using does not use that kind of solvent, which is why it's non toxic. As you've discovered, it also doesn't stick things together very well. When using liquid cement, be aware: this stuff will get everywhere, and you are advised to use it sparingly. Tamiya's liquid cement (particularly extra thin, but a more thicker version in an orange bottle is also available) includes a brush integrated into the cap. If you ever drop a drop of this stuff onto a plastic surface, DO NOT touch it with your fingers, as the solvent will soften the plastic and leave fingerprint marks if you touch that area. Perhaps remove it with a tissue or something. How to use liquid cement: when joining surfaces such as fuselages, it's more like "flowing" the stuff into the gap and letting capillary action do the rest. Wood: Testors wood cement, titebond, PVA wood glue, and rare but still available, Ambroid cement. General guide on model glues: http://www.scalemodelguide.com/construction/materials/learn-glue/ For most people on this sub and plastic modelers NOT working with resin materials, the main relevant ones are: 1. Liquid cement. 2. Tube cement (there's very little reason to use this stuff, but some people like it.) 3. Canopy glues (usually, something made by a model company either is a form of white glue, or some solvent based types like Humbrol Clearfix).
This provides a highly detailed discussion on glues, but most importantly, on how to use liquid cement to join fuselages (discussing how to properly use the liquid cement to effectively weld parts together). http://www.arcair.com/tnt1/001-100/TNT068-gluing-Wilder/00.shtm
Pretty much. And his storage system for his many models, complete or otherwise is generously described as "inelegant."
I like Duke's idea. It also allows people to use spray paint, which is what a lot of beginners/non airbrush people use. I like this idea though in general.
It's quite a nice kit. Everything more or less fits properly, and the detail is pretty good for the scale. The starter set paints are pretty bad though. The best way I got them to work was mixing them with 50% tamiya clear, but that works only if you're airbrushing them.
An untreated canopy WILL fog if you use superglue, simple as that. Allegedly, a coat of future over the canopy will allow you to superglue it (but not use liquid cement) without fogging. I would test on clear sprue before you bet on that. I've seen it work and not work. If you don't want to risk it, then use white glue. It won't hold all that well, but if the model isn't handled that much, it'll be enough.
US, Amazon, particularly if you have a prime membership. Shipping is fast, and prices are variable, if you keep watch you can get real bargains. A lot of retailers also market through amazon too, even if you said you'd like to branch out. It has essentially taken over, from where I'm sitting, to the point where unless I need a specialty item, I can probably find it at the same price or from the same vendor on the site. SprueBrothers and Megahobby, for example, both sell on there, as does Phil's Hobby, which for whatever reason, does prime shipping so I use their Amazon storefront instead of their actual website, if there even is one. The only thing Amazon isn't particularly good for is supplies (paint, etc) unless ordered en masse, and aftermarket accessories like resin and photoetch tend to be vastly overpriced.
Retail organizations, in that case, Squadron (one of the better selections around), Megahobby (good selection), Freetime Hobbies. Sprue Brothers is pretty good too, and has one of the better selections, as well as live inventory.
The 1/32 kit is much more complicated. The 1/48 kit is very simple and easy to put together. I would recommend that one. The paint job is pretty simple too, mostly just silver (and then whatever decorative colors you choose depending on which aircraft you want to build.) http://www.hyperscale.com/2008/features/p51d48sm_1.htm. The fit is pretty great. barely any filling whatsoever to do, and it's relatively easy for a comparatively detailed model.
I cannot comment on accuracy, but this thread lists some alleged standard loadouts. http://www.ww2aircraft.net/forum/weapons-systems-tech-/heinkel-111-3-6-16-bombloads-36445.html
Doesn't seem that way, after shipping, but I also haven't bought from them in a while. At least it seemed in the old days they made it up on the backend. Squadon also is pretty guilty of this, and they still do it. The selection *is* very good though.
Squadon is rather famous for that, which makes them something you recommend for large orders, but not small ones. For small ones, any savings you get get swallowed up by shipping costs, but if you have a large purchase list it can be worth your while. Shipping to Canada might be different though, that's for sure. Shipping things cross border seems far more expensive than it really should (at least as far as Canada is concerned). Hannants is also very good and the selection is quite good.
&gt; I've run into complete peaceniks who said I was a war monger for building death machines and I've always responded with "those who forget history are doomed to repeat it." You might, then, find this interesting. H.G. Wells, famous peacenik, was well known for playing wargames, and some attribute the modern wargaming with miniatures in part to his efforts. Of course, he also wasn't always a pacifist either. Point is, even pacifists play with war toys, and those who criticize it, well, that's their business. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Wars See also the open source copy of the book: http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/3691 Again, the point is, doesn't really matter how you justify it. You can be a peacenik and still play with wartoys. But that's what they are, and no amount of rationalization will get around what the subject ultimately is. Also, while I would personally find hanging up a nazi flag strange, it isn't *that* strange if you think about it. It's not all that far from memorabilia collectors hanging up flags of various military units, displaying medals, and god knows what else. Think of it this way: you really think someone who LOST their side of the war would so favorably view say, an American flag hoisted up in some militaria collector's house? Or a Rising Sun pennant? Or perhaps a flag from the Crusades? It cuts both ways. This hobby in one fashion or another replicates many, many war machines, and for whatever reason, many, many *GERMAN* war machines. https://archive.org/details/littlewarsgamefo00well
It's perfectly fine to leave them off. Sounds like a paper project anyway, so then pick the load you think is appropriate, and move on.
Yes. If you suck at painting, the best way to learn how to not suck at it is....practice painting. That said, if you just like building models, well, it's your model. That's up to you. However, the reason why kits are molded in the base color is so that people don't *have* to paint them if they don't want to.
Also, not gluing means that any area where the join is imperfect, or where there is a seam line, it will be visible. While painting doesn't *automatically* solve this problem, it certainly will be more noticeable if you don't paint, unless the kit is very cleverly engineered, and you're a very, very neat builder who never uses a single drop of glue more than necessary.
Unfortunately, the best answer is a local hobby shop, if available. The one I use next is usually Megahobby, or I just loop it into large orders. Freetime Hobbies I might also have done once or twice. Supplies, unfortunately, especially paints and solvents generally must be shipped by surface mail, so they are slow to arrive. HOWEVER. For whatever reason, if you like AK, Vallejo, or Mig Ammo products, those are available in large lots on Amazon, or in individual "booster packs" as they are marketed these days (e.g. "Allied Tank Colors" or "German Panzer Colors" or "Panzer Aces Colors Pack." Because those paints are waterbased, they tend to be available for fast shipping. For Tamiya, Enamels, and similar, expect to wait for surface shipping. Some places might ship them at low prices, but genearlly, when ordering supplies online, you would probably be best suited to come up with either a piggyback purchase, or buy at least several at once. For me, I have Amazon Prime and I can get AK/Vallejo paints shipped via two day. I can't get that for Tamiya paints, or at least, not without paying extra. See e.g. http://www.amazon.com/Vallejo-Colors-Model-Paint-17ml/dp/B009LQPSBA/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435217235&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=vallejo+air
One way to do it is to use a brush coated layer of Mr. Surfacer 500 (or other thick primer) and use a brush to stipple it onto the model.
The answer to that is I should've also said: Get a can of flat (spray is probably better) for after you finish decaling. So it would go like this: 1. Build, paint parts using common sense, i.e. consider prepainting parts that would be difficult to reach once installed or hard to mask. 2. Gloss coat with Future, Klear (the floor polish stuff), or Humbrol Clear. 3. Decal, using solutions if you wish. 4. Seal the decal coat with a flat coat. 5. Weather using your weathering fluids/powders, whatever. 6. Possibly a final flat coat to seal in the weathering. Tamiya paints are good only if you have an airbrush. They are infamous for being difficult to brush paint properly. Not until you get an airbrush, I'm afraid. The only person who provides a tutorial that I like for brush painting tamiya paints is this guy https://zerobxu.wordpress.com/2008/03/10/hand-painting-with-tamiya-acrylics/ But I still don't recommend it for a beginner. Humbrol enamels are supposed to be pretty good to work with. Generally however, try to apply thin coats if you're brush painting as opposed to one thick one, and build up the color. This is precisely what Tamiya acrylics are bad at; they strip off the underlying layer when you try to put on the second layer unless you really know what you're doing or have the right thinning ratio. Brush painting tutorial: http://www.finescale.com/~/media/import/files/pdf/c/f/9/basicsofbrushpainting.pdf A good hand brush paint is Model Master Acrylic, but ONLY if you use a enamel or other primer for it, or it WILL lift off when you try to mask/use masking tape on it. Tamiya paint is good, but only if it's sprayed. Some people can get it to brush paint well, but the vast majority of users I've ever run into never brush paint it because it has unfavorable properties for it. Yes, the clearcoat I recommended will make it glossy. However, for decal application, this is *desirable*. You can always flat coat after you finish decaling, which is what most people do. Otherwise, you risk "silvering." A detailed description is at this link. http://uamf.org.uk/faq/decal.html I have built that zero before. This is my attempt at it. I gave up on the starter set paint though. The only way to make that stuff work is to mix it 50-50 with Tamiya Clear, and then to spray it. Out of the bottle, it's garbage. http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28cacs/airfix_172_zero/ http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/28cacs/airfix_172_zero/ I, however, did use an airbrush for most of this, aside from probably the wheels, the engine, and the interior of the cockpit, which is why it looks so splotchy. The interior of the cockpit I think I used the included paint which like I said, is utter garbage.
Depending on what shape or area you're trying to hollow out, a sanding stick will work, or a needle file.
The other, much less precise way to do it is to use overly thick layers of paint of the base color, then stipple, but basically what you're doing then is calling your brush marks the texture. Mr. Surfacer should work okay; it doesn't eat plastic. Use a wide brush, instead of a very small one, and it should work fine. It's a commonly used technique. A thick acrylic medium might also work, but having never tried it, I can't swear by it.
Some people have discussed this. Personally, I find most of these techniques use paints and solvents that are far too hot for what I'd want to use. http://www.armorama.com/modules.php?op=modload&amp;name=SquawkBox&amp;file=index&amp;req=viewtopic&amp;topic_id=187454
You can probably use it as a wash. The reason why people tend not to use the same paint for their wash as their primary layer is because the thinner will attack the paint. If the new layer (washes, filters) do not chemically react in any way to the cured paint underneath, that's what you use. The rest of it is just whatever artist material/pigment carrier is easiest to work with or has the most desirable working properties. Would I recommend doing it over a layer of acrylic? Not unless at minimum it's sealed with a coat of future. The alternative is also to use watercolors, which is what I use. I hate messing with oil paint because of the smell, and while the drying time is an advantage and the translucency is also helpful, it's infinitely easier cleanup (and easy rework) with watercolors. Just make sure to use a drop of alcohol or a touch of dish soap to break surface tension. Short answer: yes. Long answer: you're probably better off trying to find something other than the actual paint you're already using to wash it, because if you mess up, you'll end up using solvents that would strip off the underlying layer, or risk interacting with the cured paint. Alternatively, try a commercially available enamel wash.
Any build review would've listed this: Tamiya's website might also have relevant color callouts for their models. However, if you don't have an airbrush I'd convert it to another brand, as they do not brush paint well. http://modelingmadness.com/review/allies/us/cleavermust3.htm
The airbrush I use costs about that much. There are some compromises. 1. They are definitely not precision machined, at least, no more than is absolutely necessary. Expect less precision, more slop, not as finely polished surfaces. (In fact, if I were to buy another one, the first thing I'd do is open it up, diassemble it, lube and polish all parts I think would interfere with the trigger and valve). 2. They need to be kept religiously cleaned, and require more maintenance per session. Why? My theory is that the less precise, rougher machining (and some design flaws) make it easier for paint to catch onto rough surfaces of the nozzle, needle, and tip, making tip dry a bigger problem than with other brushes that are more expensively lined. 3. Are they servicable? If you keep them religiously clean, clean them and strip it down each session (the nozzle, needle, tip, nozzle head), then they work just fine. But if you don't clean it, it will jam a lot faster than everything else. 4. Spare parts are "expensive" relative to the cost of the brush. It's rarely ever worth it to say, buy a new needle, you might as well buy a new brush and have some spare parts.
