Deadeye is a priest ADC with the ability to Revive anyone just like the removed summoner did. Ayy lmao rito
I'm still thinking about who or what Orochimaru did... if he did anything at all... http://imgur.com/IQTVJiR
Alright, new champion has a 3 hit passive that randomly silences, has 100% armor pen, or blinds enemies. Way to go rito
True, but the hair makes no sense. White, sure, but light blue? Orochimaru did mess with Mitsuki's body (because of how he's able to stretch), but I don't think he would be bothered to alter a failed host's or his own genes just to produce that colour. So far, it seems hair color is always a trait from one of the parents since no one from the new generation seems to have any kind of mutations, except possibly for Mitsuki, of course, though IMO very unlikely.
In the 127 seconds it took the snowball to hit, Shen's base regen would have regened the base snowball damage. 100% damage reduction baby.
She's from a movie, can a movie really be considered filler apart from the fact it's mostly never from manga? I mean... Boruto, The Last One...
I like to think that movies are semi-canon; true, but not really relevant. Then again, I was all up for Suigetsu x Orochimaru, but when you look at it, despite Kishi's kind-of meh-ness regarding the future Naruto and Boruto franchise, you have to take in account that every new generation's kid appearance and abilities were considered beforehand, and not really random. That being said, while Mitsuki's hair seems refreshing to the whole series and all, I don't think that's the only reason he was given that appearance. That's why I like to fantasize about questionably canon things to be actually canon. But still, though, Suigetsu x Orochimaru all the way.
https://youtu.be/YgsbF2gW3Eo?t=51s Serbian/Bosnian/Croatian is a lot worse. Like it's literally cringe.
If a rengar is in your vicinity, you hear his ult as well, before the ! appears, especially Headhunter Rengars.
Well, you know, Rengar's range is like 600-800, Nocturne's is like 3.5 - 4.5k I think, and Reksai is global.
Veigar and Heimer are also Kaneki Ken, Shaco and Twitch are Crab guy from One Punch Man, Taric is rumoured to be the gay prisoner hero from One Punch Man.
Heim is voiced by Kaneki Ken's seiyuu, I think lol
I don't think Link ever talks lol
8s silence though
There is w, and lately the japanese have been using most of the syllables, and are slowly abandoning b.
I don't know if you noticed, but Jhin has a huge hunchback, like literally Captain Grievous style, that's why he walks like that.
Well, Fiora is a fighter. Fighters usually have something in their kit to help them win trades.
riot@ritogames.com
Wow, this is actually very plausible
Riot beat you to it. Around a year ago.
The thing is, it's kind of disappointing to have it voiced by a seiyuu with such a small character list, also was hoping for it to be a little bit more ominous and a little less humorous. Honestly, to me it seems like there's way too much accent on "jester" and way too little on "psycho".
Why would you want to nerf Rengar?
I fucking hate Nasus
I think thunderlords is better on both of them
She has very high numbers, a very toxic pseudo-CC, but she is also very sluggish and has no reall CC other than the 2s decaying slow. I've been spamming her as a support recently because people are tilted AF when you get your E off on them, but other than that, I'd say she is balanced. Insanely strong with the right kind of setup, but useless against a disengage comp and/or 3 or more seconds of hard CC. All in all, there are champs who shit on her like Vayne, Poppy, Irelia and Tristana, just because of their abilities to outplay her, stun her for long amounts, and/or get her out of her tentacle area of death, but as long as you never stop walking, no champ should ever get hit by any of her abilities - although you buy Iceborne and that relatively fixes your problem once you get in range.
Split push and roam, pretty much.
These are all fake.
Zed has long hair as far as I know.
I think it'll come sooner. I think Jhin will be on the PBE in a week.
I don't think adding a 2s bind is a QoL change.
Swain shits on Vlad, Fizz shits on Veigar, and I'm pretty sure Trundle is Lee's worst nightmare, being able to block his Q, W and even R kick with his pillar.
xDDD gReat Meme, frend 5/7
Rant how? &gt;So, i've lost 5 games now and i've had one of you in all of those 5 games, you were all feeding on purpose, running into other lanes than you were supposed to be on and calling out our positions to the enemy... All on account of you not getting your desired lane in champion select... Perhaps that. Perhaps you should stop ranting and play the game. Also, it's obvious that you're not plat, I never said you were. Yet anothr gReat meMe frenD
He has no range.
Le epic NaCl
Thunderlords isn't strong, Precision is.
I'm pretty sure Super Galaxy Rumble is already voiced.
Hey bro why are you ranting
It will probably be IP restricted, knowing the Japanese MMO tradition. Also, there is no reason to play on 200 ping.
Well yeah, but I was referring to a guy being on an EU server, wanting to play on Japan lol
Again, I'm not sure about it being/remaining global. Japanese hosts are very sensitive to DDoS and/or foreigners creating trouble. Like servers get restricted just because a recently large number made trouble. Plus the japanese are kinda xenophobic, so even though it's Riot, there's that
I'm pretty sure Zed's teaser included rose petals. Cherry blossoms are usually smaller than that.
:\^) rito ples
meanwhile zoom hacks are illegal... But not if you have a monster rig and a ultra large monitor, nuh-uh.
Samuel L. Jackson with a deeper pitch
When you look back at Kha'Zix, a superjungler in the past, what changed about him? His main source of damage was nerfed, his stealth gave less resistances, and recently, tiamat has been nerfed. His mechanics are exactly the same as they were, only numbers changed. So why not do the same to Rengar? While you can't exactly strip rengar of his W resistances, what you can do is for an example, make his Q AD% scaling scale with trophies, instead of skill levels. What this does is delay his main source of damage, as well as give him some snowball mechanics in a sense he'd need to have 20 trophies to reach his current lvl 5 Q. It isn't much, but you don't want to completely gut a champion. As for his bola strike, give it a larger cooldown. I don't understand why his CC is on a 10s cooldown, only to be 6s at 40% CDR. And finally, as for his stealth, make it so that if he enters 175 range of someone his silhouette or something similar is visible - and by silhouette I mean a faint, ghostly Rengar which can't be targeted. I mean, come on, you'd feel a giant invisible kitty cat pass that close to you, right? That would probably give him more purpose in the sense of isolating a target more like Kha'Zix, I guess. Or, you could maybe welcome another concept of changing his Ultimate. Perhaps if you changed it to "Rengar stealths for 3 seconds and gains the ability to leap to his target. If he enters a bush, he can reset his timer and grant an aditional 3 seconds of Stealth, up to 2 times." And if Rengar has enough stacks, the Stealth time would just change to 4 seconds, originally granting up to 9 seconds of stealth, up to 12 seconds of stealth. While this is mainly a buff time wise, let's think about how hard it would be to pull off a chain ult stack; it would generally appear to be less than 9 or 12 seconds. The key thing to this change would be that Rengar would be hardly able to walk into your base and one-shot your ADC next to your Nexus, but it would not punish him in a sense of him punishing people who are off position in the jungle or between lanes.
Evelynn was pretty strong in the jungle when she received the W nerf, only thing is Runeglaive nerfs fucked her harder, and Nidalee, Elise and Ekko became more viable anyways.
Tits are just a fake ass! http://i.imgur.com/ywZy1kY.png
Completely unrelated to Prison School: no, I would never choose a girl with make up over a girl with no make up. I prefer self-confidence and self-awareness.
:\^)
