Because it increases the usefulness of bitcoin and therefore its value.
&gt; into either the 1mb chain or 20mb chain or both
&gt; I want to design for the worst case Are you? Are you designing? Are you working on bitcoin? Do you contribute experimental or simulation data to the mailing list? Are you sending pull requests?
It was an honest question and I haven't talked to you before, so I don't understand the hostility. I specifically quoted this part of your sentence: "I want to design for the worst case" and asked my question regarding that. And the reason I ask this question is that you make it sound like you're one of the core-devs with all and absolute answers to any problem in the bitcoin space. But personally I don't see you anywhere other than on this sub reddit, unless you use different names there. Hence my question. One of the complaints Rusty Russel had when entering the Bitcoin space was that there is so much freaking noice and it's nigh impossible to distinguish self proclaimed arm-chair experts (if not flat out trolls) from the few truly knowledgeable people.
And c is the portion of full nodes run by people over 18. And d are the trolls on Reddit. O(abcdn^4)
Unfortunately that's what the sheep following him think. In the meantime he's just a huge distraction wasting valuable developers' time.
You've been explained exactly that a million times, but you chose not to listen. Your loss.
Lies. Doubling is already in progress.
If you read this as "quit whining", the whole freaking post is one huge whine. Definitely not honest or less despicable. Well, I guess it still could be if we never heard from him again...
He's talking about the "scaling problem", not about scaling. And that's the whole problem why people don't understand and why they're judging things only by superficial promises of endless rainbows. If you blow more air into a party balloon you are scaling. But you're not changing the scalability. The "scaling problem" refers to the fact that it's going to pop at some point! To improve scalability you need to improve the quality of the balloon. Thicker skin, better material, etc. THEN you can start inflating again.
Yes LN can run on Bitcoin as it is now. Maybe if you would have invested 1 hour of your time to listen to for example the initial announcement presentation video of LN instead of wasting your time listening to trolls, then you would have known not to parrot lies and FUD.
Actually no. He's a valued member of this community and a voice of reason. I can't believe people can remain that calm in the face of disgusting trolls. You on the other hand...
You can leave that to PeterR... UNLIMITED!!!!11 He's already scientifically proven that no limit is necessary. Well maybe not peer reviewed... well... ignoring the peers that had any comments... well... maybe not at all... but still ! UNLIMITEDd !!!1!
Lies. FUD and ignorant parrotting.
That's because it's much more efficient with malleability fixed. But it can be done without.
Lies. It's so amazing how you trolls come up with your lies. From the very first announcement of sidechains it was said they're not for scaling. But don't listen to me. Don't check it for yourself. Ignore it and repeat the same FUD tomorrow like a proper troll.
Sure then don't educate yourself. Your loss. Poor people reading and believing your bs though.
The word scalability appears twice in the document, both not in the context of scaling Bitcoin with sidechains.
Smart people already have. They're bogus as well as the writer. You don't need an academic background to recognise the butthurt 3 year-old tactics.
Then how come any post by R screams butthurt ego?
That's what underway means. Shit takes time you know.
&gt; You could (implement LN without a TM fix), There you go. You educated yourself. Congratulations! Cookie for little horsie.
The general code exists for 6 months. It's being adapted and fine tuned and debugged. Bitcoin is a million times harder than normal software and you can be sure that even Microsoft takes their time with updates, so it shouldn't be surprising that it takes some time. Besides that huge amounts of time is being wasted debating trolls that spread misinformation and lies and thereby confusing everyone.
That whole site means absolutely nothing if actual developers and others that know what they are taking about don't join (and that means Core, Blockstream and some others). And tbh I'd seriously doubt they'd let themselves be lured into another sesspool of a miss america competition.
The whining is large in this one.
Well good luck. In the meantime i hope you can put your coding skills to good use. Try not to make yourself an outcast.
Vile person
That makes no sense whatsoever. A whole network of people running different settings is going to drown me out? Meaning i can do a double spend for every single permutation of settings that exist in the network. And that network is then after N blocks going to come to a magic consensus on which one of my double spends was the valid one. Like I said: not only is 0 conf killed by BU, N conf is killed too.
You people are vile and disgusting. Displaying an obvious and complete lack of understanding of even the basics of LN or Bitcoin, yet coming here badmouthing, misquoting, lieing, and parrotting FUD not just about the technology but even about the experts that actually know what they're taking about and are doing the actual hard work. All in the open, as open source and for free, might I add. If you think you can do better than go do it instead of wasting everyone's time with your childish misquotes.
You just displayed a glaring misunderstanding of the difference between Bitcoin choosing the longest chain and BU hopping between differently configured chains when one is N longer than others (or whatever magic they think they can make up). And by even bringing up reorgs you are implying that BU has magic that prevents reorgs there? Yeah thought not. Reorgs are going to be more frequent and longer in BU. So to get the same security of 6 confs in Bitcoin you'd need a lot more than 6 on BU. Which also means that BU is going to be wasting a lot of hashing power and create a lot of orphans (blocks and chains) and therefore the combined network security will be significantly lower than what Bitcoin achieves. Oh yeah and to come back to doublespending: all of those orphaned blocks can contain a different double spend, so your 5 conf transaction can now trivially be double spent. Nice. You can bet your ass I will be double spending my fake coins like crazy is BU ever launches and hasn't died yet by the time I wake up the next morning.
You just displayed a glaring misunderstanding of the difference between Bitcoin choosing the longest chain and BU hopping between differently configured chains when one is N longer than others (or whatever magic they think they can make up). And by even bringing up reorgs you are implying that BU has magic that prevents reorgs there? Yeah thought not. Reorgs are going to be more frequent and longer in BU. So to get the same security of 6 confs in Bitcoin you'd need a lot more than 6 on BU. Which also means that BU is going to be wasting a lot of hashing power and create a lot of orphans (blocks and chains) and therefore the combined network security will be significantly lower than what Bitcoin achieves. Oh yeah and to come back to doublespending: all of those orphaned blocks can contain a different double spend, so your 5 conf transaction can now trivially be double spent. Nice. You can bet your ass I will be double spending my fake coins like crazy is BU ever launches and hasn't died yet by the time I wake up the next morning.
&gt; For people using money on their mobile phones, running a node isn't something they are going to want to do. Which is why we need fraud proofs, so we can give light wallets at least a bit more security and we can have medium nodes in between full nodes and light nodes. For fraud proofs we need SegWit, which also doubles the blocksize. So no drama necessary.
And what have you got to show for yourself, claiming to be such an expert? Why would anyone trust a random blabbering FUD troll whose every word proves he has no clue whatsoever, over multiple independant experts with some 20 or 30+ years experience in Open Source and cryptocurrency space? If you're too stupid to understand what they're saying, maybe you should have the decency to STFU instead of making up FUD and accuse them of all kinds of ridiculous conspiracy BS. K.I.S.S. my ass. I dare you to make one coherent post that shows you have a single clue about even the basics of what's going on.
Published on Dec 10, 2014 What's your point?
&gt; Sounds more like an attack on bitcoin especially if it is coming from Core. Congratulations a new universe has just been discovered where your logic actually makes sense. Please board the one way express asap.
Because the large miners don't care about the global orphan rate, they win most races anyway. You've just found another angle to look at the same centralisation problem.
No it's proof that the centralisation problem is real: large miners win most orphan races so of course they don't care about them.
You're ignoring huge efforts by core devs that made big improvements as well as the fact that the whole network is currently dependant on a centralized solution by the name of Matt's Relay Network, without which Bitcoin would have been dead right now.
Fractured. Which is good and was bound to happen. People that invent their own logic will never be in consensus for long.
Thank you Core for your hard work and professionalism! Awesome job so far and excited for the many upcoming features and improvements!
You can create BIPS and discuss those all you want. Any other method is just hijacking and abusing the platforms built through the hard work of others to promote your own dishonest crap, while being poisonous to the real project.
Exactly.
Because that alt shit is set on destroying Bitcoin as a whole. Why poison yourself with it?
I wonder how you dare to make such absolute statements while clearly not actually knowing the facts. (See Adam Back reply.) Are you one of those people that just throw some buzzwords around and build your own reality on that? Quantum Computer! Or are you just one of those people that likes to make up FUD made to sound valid because of some buzzwords and intent on derailing honest discussions? There's certainly plenty of those people around. Either way if you would have been honest you would have posed your point as a question to experts instead of such an absolute statement 10x around the thread.
Do you have data to show why 16 or 32 are somehow optimal? Then why bikeshedding? When you pull numbers out of your ass any is as good as any other. Now Core actually has data to show that 1MB is currently at the edge of what's possible. Many optimisations and improvement (i.e. hard work) need to be done to allow a safe increase in block size limit. Luckily they have set out a roadmap and ARE working hard on doing exactly that. SW is a part of that and a big enabler for future improvements AND it doubles the effective size. A simple hard fork for size increase will probably happen later. Literally no one wants 1MB forever, that's just a troll srrawman.
FUD. 2 MB is already in progress. Have you seen the roadmap?
FUD and lies. Go troll somewhere else.
Yup sound like him for sure. He did that before.
Aaaaand paartyyy!
Nonsense. In a few months. Grow up and educate yourself instead of insulting educated people.
