Which movie, just out of curiosity?
SJWs, their games, their ideas, the things they like, the art they want to create...have a right to exist, as much right as anyone else's. But when they seek to censor, to indoctrinate, to propagandize, to lie about games and slander gamers, to circlejerk their friends, blacklist their enemies, shame creators and players, and otherwise try to exert control over the direction of the hobby and related spaces? That. Is. UNETHICAL. It's disgraceful, unfair, unjust, sometimes flat out illegal behavior whether they are doing it in the name of ideology or not. It serves the cause of ethics to oppose this, and it serves the cause of ethics to point out the general lunacy of the people doing it and the things they believe, because those ideas and dogmas are the excuse they use to justify their unethical actions, since to them the ends justify the means. And drawing an arbitrary line that we just don't talk about things like protein world or shirtgate because they're not directly gaming related is shooting ourselves in the foot. These are clear cut, obvious examples of SJW censorship, witch hunting, bias, and general unethical behavior that neutrals and people outside the hobby will understand, and they are useful tools to expose the general mentality and tactics of our opposition without having to catch everyone up on the history of GG and complex gamer issues. Ultimately, these "off topic" SJW events SERVE THE CAUSE of ethics in gaming by helping to expose the same group of bad actors who are poisoning our industry to serve their political purposes. This is not TIA, it's not about just posting stupid things they say and laughing at them. But their efforts at censorship and all the rest of the bad shit they're also trying to do to gaming? That's relevant even when they're doing it in other spaces because it serves as a useful example, and maybe even lessons we can take and apply in gaming, like the way protein world stood up to them, that's a lesson devs could learn from, and we should be trying to teach it.
Going on a tropical vacation is my safe space! I'm totally not privileged at all!
They never backed off on paid mods? But...they took the system down and admitted they messed up?
Don't waste 10 grand on some stupid prank, whatever you do with it Milo, put it towards something actually worthwhile, a charity, bees as someone suggested, or maybe some sort of pro-gamergate campaigning.
If Valve wants to release a paid modding system for one of their own games...well how's that different from steam workshop stuff in DOTA or team fortress? I mean, I'm not against the idea of paid mods in principle, some mods are truly professional quality stuff that deserves to make money, and WOULD make money if not for copyright issues. I just think Valve implemented the system in a very bad way the first time, lopsided rev share, no consumer protections, all sorts of potential for companies to abuse it... This refund system is at least the FIRST building block towards amending policies so that paid mods COULD be a viable system in the future. I'm just afraid their first attempt might have so badly poisoned the well people will now be paranoid.
I like the comment "Gamergate people will think anyone is GamerGate if they talk about da ethics and da industry". How do you rationalize that statement with believing ethics is a smokescreen for harassing wymynz?
The narrative seems to be starting to crack in vidya, maybe the rest of the world isn't far behind.
To McIntosh, facial expression is just not good enough, he outright says so. This game is a triumph of facial mo-cap, Geralt's face (and really everybody's) is super expressive, but it's not a "real" show of emotion to this guy unless he breaks down in tears, wailing in angst and tearing his clothes like a tantruming five year old. And he somehow thinks that including something in a game is endorsing it. Geralt literally can't cry, his mutations have somehow damaged his tear ducts, this has lead people to believe that Witchers are emotionless, leading to fear and suspicion of them, and pigeonholing Geralt into a very narrow social role against which he chafes. If anything, that's an open CONDEMNATION by the game of the idea of "compulsory male stoicism", but I guess that's too subtle for McIntosh. Here's a thought Jon, maybe if you don't think anyone should "talk over" women about feminism, you should leave discussions of masculinity to people who actually have some.
They're TRYING to offend you, that's the POINT! It's like going to the heart attack grill and complaining there was no diet food!
"but the dictionary definition of feminism is equality!!" The part where they start talking about how in a non-monogamous system, all men are forever alone virgins except a lucky few is one of the best examples of horseshoe theory I've ever seen though, echos redpill rhetoric perfectly. Couldn't tell if this person actually can't spell polygamy though, or was trying to "womyn" it.
Funny thing, I've been bulking and cutting to build muscle for about two years now, and every time I cut, I stick with it, the weight comes off no problem, and I look like a lean mean fighting machine until I make the conscious decision to bulk again, and I've never harmed myself in the process. All it takes is a little willpower.
"Zoe Quinn dared to make a game that challenged the status quo of "what's a video game"". No she didn't. Depression Quest IS a video game. In fact, text adventures were among the very first video game genres, and DQ has an express failure state, your character can commit suicide. It's unambiguously a video game, it's just a bad one.
Well sure, I'm the first one to say "you can't ban someone from a hashtag", it's sources like ralph retort going out of their way to defend him that concern me.
I tend to go by the TB definition. If it has mechanics, interaction, and an express or implied failure state, it's a game.
The idea that Geralt is emotionless is just such obvious bullshit. The characters in Witcher 3 have beautiful facial mo-cap, Geralt included, you can SEE his feelings. This just isn't good enough for a clod like McIntosh who can't grasp subtlety and thinks that if a character isn't whining and tantruming, they're not showing their emotions. He seems to have never grown up, and therefore doesn't understand adult reactions to emotion. He's latched onto the whole idea that "Witchers have no feelings", which is an in-universe myth based on the fact their mutations render them unable to cry. While Geralt himself insists this is true, it is BLINDINGLY obvious that he doth protest too much. It's like the joke about the robot who's sad that he has no emotions. Hell, the man's entire QUEST is about love, both paternal and romantic!
I assume this person thinks twitter and tumblr followers actually mean literal...you know...followers.
Given how many of them can rationalize violence by "marginalized groups" I wouldn't be surprised if they'd really believe that.
If some chick wants to some sit on my lap on the subway, she's welcome. Well...normally, this one on the other hand would probably cry rape if I got a boner.
It's a bit of blatant but harmless fanservice, it shouldn't need justification beyond that. We're just dealing with nutcases who think fanservice is inherently evil and oppressive...at least if it's fanservice for straight men, Dorian's ass is fine.
There's nothing liberal about SJWs, they are hardcore authoritarians who only want everyone to be free....to live exactly as they tell them to live. Same shit as the worst bible thumpers.
thennophobia is entirely reasonable. As in, literal phobia, they're terrifying.
You're grading whether DINOSAURS are portrayed in a sexist manner, you have officially jumped the shark. Or the giant thing that eats the shark as the case may be.
99% of the time, defending free speech is defending someone's right to be an asshole. But letting them do so is a necessary evil, because once free speech starts to get curbed, abuse is inevitable, I have NEVER seen a speech code that hasn't been subject to abuse. Plus, there's the other important matter, the question of bias. I'd honestly be fine with it if Reddit legitimately went out and banned ALL the subs that harass and brigade people on a regular basis. But they're not. They're only banning subs opposed to progressive ideologies. I doubt we'll see a single SJW sub get banned no matter how heinous its practices. The goal is an ideological shift of the site, the rest is a pretext.
Two wrongs don't make a right. FPH is a shitty sub full of hypocritical asshats. But so's Ghazi, which lies, censors, brigades, bans people for no reason, and is exclusively aimed at hating another group. But they have the "right" politics, so they're not banned. I stand by my statement that I would have no problem with this policy if the bans were evenhanded and politically unbiased, but as long as Pao is only banning subs that are anti-SJW, this is a legit problem.
So now it's not about the behavior of the sub, now it's about the principle of the fact it was banned, even if the new sub has better rules against harassment. "not banning ideas", riiiiight?
You know, I don't disagree that a lot of reality TV is lowest common denominator voyeuristic trash, but I don't think it's because of racism.
Yes, painting your face completely chalk white must totally be about black people...
Well I agree with one thing, if you wouldn't jump on the opportunity with a pornstar, there's clearly something wrong with you! But seriously, I get it, to some people, a lot of people, fidelity is extremely important, and they couldn't get past the idea that this person's job requires them to do something they consider to be cheating on them. That doesn't mean you look down on them for doing it, it's just not something that works for YOU.
I don't know what's crazier, the part where she expects a guy to go to jail for a crime he didn't commit as a martyr for her cause, or the part where she's concerned about men transmitting unspoken slurs by mental telepathy.
I feel really bad for you man. You are a black developer, making a game about themes of social justice and equality, in which (if this is anything like other deus ex games) there is always a non-violent, or at least non-lethal option for the player, with complex, mature storytelling that touches on important real world themes. If the SJWs were true to their claimed convictions, they would be lauding you as a hero, and your work as a seminal game for our age. But because you used a metaphor for racism instead of hitting the audience over the head with the subject matter, because you respected the player's intelligence and trusted them to understand an allegory, because you created art and not propaganda, you're being crucified by ideologues who stand for nothing beyond meaningless anger. Thank you for standing up, thank you for speaking out, thank you for not staying quiet or apologizing when you've done nothing wrong. Thank you for not being their shield. Let GamerGate be your sword.
Well if you'd rather I fucked you up the ass...
Probably, like I said, it's SO PERFECTLY TIMED right when she needs something to play the victim about. But that's beside the point, we shouldn't let ourselves be put on the defensive like that, having to disprove and distance ourselves from accusations that we did something that is part of normal, completely acceptable political discourse and campaigning. Even if we HAD done this, we'd have every right to, and we shouldn't let the SJWs construct a narrative that makes it impossible to use ANY method of campaigning against them without it being labeled harassment.
Free speech is essentially dead in Europe, express the wrong opinion and you can expect a visit from the cops, a chilling vision of where we're heading when even creating a platform to PERMIT free speech is considered unacceptable.
Because as bad as the KKK is, they never took over the country and murdered millions.
Holy hell, the one about how transwomen are their property made me want to vomit....
"truscum" gets me every time. How can anyone be part of a movement that considers caring about truth to be scummy and not realize you're on the wrong side? Like seriously, these are people who make everything about identity politics while outright saying you can just make up your identity, that's nuts.
Eh, watch, but no need to worry just yet. Every time there's a mass shooting, the left tries to score points by blaming lack of gun control, and the right deflects by blaming the media instead. And invariably nothing is accomplished by either side. This is a stock political drama we've seen played out a million times. Besides, the religious right is no longer really listened to on the subject of games, and the violence panic has lost its traction and been thoroughly debunked. Given that pivoting to an anti-violence stance basically just destroyed Sarkeesian's credibility overnight, I don't think this is gonna get anywhere.
http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-iVqvZ-GSAgc/Tu1x5fINjyI/AAAAAAAABJs/qRrrRt9w6_U/s1600/AFRICA+WEIGHTLIFTING.PNG Your excuses are INVALID. I refuse to believe that you don't own shoes, and you can't afford a swimsuit, and you've never seen a YMCA, which will only ask you to pay what you can afford. You seem to have a computer and an internet connection, so no, you're not so destitute you can't afford shoes. But even if you WERE, even if you were fucking naked and penniless, you could still drop and give me 20. Pushups, situps, lunges, planking, etc, never cost anybody a dime.
Now it's 1 in 3? Pretty soon they'll say it's 1 in 1, just GOING to college is rape.
Of the three main female characters in FFVII, one has very large breasts, another has very small ones, and the third seems about in between. I cannot imagine a way to be MORE "representational". Anyone who has a problem with that doesn't want more diversity in games, they want LESS, and their principle motives for doing so, logically, can only amount to jealousy or spite. So Square's got a pretty clear choice here, they can cater to the people who love their game, or they can cater to the people who want to SPITE those who love their game.
Frankly, if someone working at pizza hut wants to eat a perfectly safe, fresh, edible pizza that was simply rejected by a customer for being the wrong order, I see no reason not to let them. Maybe they're worried that employees might deliberately get orders wrong if they think they get free stuff by doing so? But if the average pizza hut is already throwing out 20 pizzas per day, I can't imagine anyone would need to do that....
Oh yeah, but the reverse is perfectly okay, the dictionary definition of feminism is sacred, but everything else is "outdated" or "biased"
You posted pictures of your tits, and now you're shocked people who don't normally read your blog looked?
Don't you know that the word bad has misogynistic and homophobic origins?! And "unreal" mocks people with reality disorders! Stop triggering me, shitlord!
This contains enough buzzwords that it sounds like a troll. If not though...friendzoned werewolves, lol!
I always played femshep and I always romanced ladies (okay not always, but come on, they gave me Garrus as an option, how could I not?!). Probably not for quite the same reasons an SJW would, but I still enjoyed having the option.
It was a stupid comment to make in public, I can understand why it upset people, I can understand calls for a retraction or an apology. I CANNOT understand or condone it destroying someone's career, it just wasn't even close to that big a deal.
I support petitions to ban statehouses and any other official institutions of government from displaying the confederate flag, as the secession was an act of treason. Private entities, however, can express whatever the hell views they like, including to espouse that a group of historical traitors had a point. And the idea of censoring historically accurate representation of the civil war because it might offend someone...that's just lunacy. Those who forget their history are doomed to repeat it. In principle, I support the right of private stores to opt not to carry a product they disagree with, so long as the decision is born of their own convictions and not a response to outrage, but I also believe stores should exercise reasonable judgement in their use of that right, or they kinda suck as stores.
That doesn't mean he's a misogynist, it means he's a hack. Just because something is a cliche doesn't mean it's sexist.
