We need more boats and navy themed stuff
That's metal
link please, and are they mudslimes
One of the earliest fanfic ones
She also has that personal dimension/demiplane thing going on, but a fixation on green.
&gt; Punakawan Semar does have that 4th wall breaking power
&gt;I once watched a cartoon where lil' Khrisna showed the entire universe was inside his mouth all along. Honestly barring my religious alignment if we go strictly alone Hindu gods have better feats/scans compared to Abrahamic ones.
&gt; this yeah, and if you compare the capabilities it gets crazier
Hoes cheated, which brings the question of why she was allowed outside the kitchen in the first place.
why did they not accept it?
good
bacon lettuce tomato barbercue, are you implying that the homosex cannot enjoy a sandwich?
Do more like Shia LaBeouf
Midnighter, he can also do social fu
his book
Midnighter easy, he can use his telescoping baton to deflect the blades and decapitate Bradley. /u/logeninefingers, nawh that's insane if we go by feats/scans spidey would murk bradley.
Pick a technopath, or a good telepath. Strangely I go with reed richards in this case.
Lucas Trent, he got this.
He is like batman, with the best armor inside his body but he always has that preptime ready beforehand. How else will this happen?
not to mention his underrated speed bursts
EU, higher everything not to mention TK
Firdaus technique
don't turn gay vlog into slapstick comedy
Not really, check the end of Convergence.
we ming the merciless now, change the title to brown peril
No surprises here, same shit happened to madeline mccann
no see, got adblock on
I can still post though.
Did she took a selfie afterwards?
Honestly more law enforcement should subscribe to Vice, look what happened to McAffee a while back
best transracial ever
Fine by me, we still haven't found the racial slur for Indonesians.
war never changes.
our very own international man of mystery
Best diet program.
look and see and ye shall find
do the thumb trick
no Idea brownmayne
Anything to do with the Nuclear article?
how about mozzies in burma? also Indonesia isn't started with kebabs, we worshipped other things before
porride, some diet shake, and fruits
Good, just do the traditional way of singapore then getting the marriage re-registered here.
and gunshots will be heard all over the streets while black temples rejoice with their ketupats
You are a wonderful person
Very sharia friendly. market it as a Masjid scheme and it would work fine
what muslim hate? Everything has good and bad, mainly I just hate some of the muslims not the religion itself.
I discriminate against everything equally here, read my previous posts concerning birdshits,crossfags, cokin, niggers,joos.homos and whatever else.
Since when did we have these kinds of things?
&gt;What kind of logic is this? SJW logic
&gt;that website turns the very mundane things into gender oppression issues you just did a neat summation of one of their tenets, great job pal.
