Do we get a virus whenever we click?
1. Swagni (Agni) 2. Scarlet Coven (Isis) 3. Slaughterhouse (Chaac) 4. Nox recolor (Nox, duh) 5. Ra'merica (Ra)
Guess I gotta get good at DOTA now.
I play Smite to enjoy Smite. Win or lose, doing poorly or doing great, I always try to enjoy the game. I'm not playing to win, I'm playing to have a good-time, as I have with all other games. Winning is just the goal of the game, you're suppose to try to win, that is natural. I try my best to win, but I don't throw a monkey across the room if we lose, or cry into a bucket of ice-cream if I do poorly. What ruins this fun, is when people start throwing around insults because you lost, blaming everyone but themselves. Calling you a "noob" because you didn't do very well that one game, when they have never seen any of your other matches. People surrendering when we have late-game gods, or are winning but one person is doing poorly. I hate when people get angry when I (or anyone) play gods that I'm not familiar with/good with. The only way to learn a god is to play them, meaning that you have to suck with them first in order to get better. I've had countless amounts of people "report" me for picking a god I've never played and doing poorly with them. P.S. That is the worst thing I have ever experienced. I have my moments of full-try-hard mode, and every time I do someone is higher than the DeathStar, or drunker than Jack Sparrow.
I think the only time someone gets a pass for doing dumb stuff is when using Janus' ult in arena. Fling that portal, baby.
Have you had a jungler who's excuse not to ward (anything) is because "wards are useless because I have my map turned off"? I have.
Right? He said it was because "frame-rate issues", but would also throw in that the minimap was "useless". This is why I avoid Conquest most of the time. xD
Just give it a while, eventually the mastery skins will be updated to fit the new standard for them. Just takes time.
I still want a Baka-sura skin.
So basically download app, meet requirement, get skin, never use again?
No, it's free.
They're slowly trying to trap us in the game.
Thanks, would have never known. xD Free stuff, woo!
Nothing will ever replace my Scarlet Coven. The only skin that lets me express how I feel about my teammates. You suck! Joke aside (*coughnotajokecough*), the skin looks pretty nice for a t2.
I don't doubt it, I'm just terrible with assassins. xD
So is it a simple server issue with no fix? If that's the case, the solution would be to wait until tomorrow when most people have it downloaded/updated.
They got stomped. I feel bad for them, even though I picked Cloud 9 on my ticket.
At the end of the SWC.
Begin the era of Enemy.
I picked Enemy and C9, fuck my life.
They did not care at all about that win. xD
I put "Only some parts". I feel that there should be those gods that are easy to pick up, play, and understand, for the new players (Neith, Ra, etc). But I don't think new gods should be catering to new players, as the more experienced players who put time, money, sweat, and maybe a tear or two into this game are probably the ones more than likely playing the new gods. I also feel that Conquest should be easier to understand. I remember at lower levels, everyone was just going to whatever lane they felt like, no junglers, or just team fighting at level 1. This should be easier to understand, and obviously the tutorial doesn't do that. This could be fixed by labeling the lanes, and labeling gods with a recommended lane. I also think that the recommended items need to be redone again. Was playing Change, and noticed that Divine Ruin was a suggested item, even though it's a situational item that Change doesn't really need since her 3 has built in anti-healing. Other than that, no. This game should not become more "noob friendly". Competitive games are meant to require time and effort to learn. If everyone can do the same amount of good, regardless of skill, then why even try to learn?
They are forcing people to watch it. Illuminati confirmed.
!raffle How do I !raffle? I want free gems. R.I.P My sanity.
It's called "Xbox One" for a reason.
On paper, these changes sound AMAZING. However, they can be executed horridly.
Squiddle.
I like it, honestly. Just because it gives me more of an reason to grab my actives, rather than holding off on them because I want to buy something else.
No, probably less so once the trinket update is released.
Good. Because my friend spammed Bellonas VEL, and I loved it. Cx
I joined a bit before the release of Medusa (I believe), so around the end of March. So almost a year ago. Was tired of LoL's community, and went through some different MOBAs, and Smite was the one that stuck.
The icons come around during a "Smite Pantheon Weekend" event. They haven't been doing these recently (for some reason), and I believe not all the pantheons even have icons yet. The event consists of: Winning a match to claim the icon, sales for skins belonging to that pantheon, as well as VP sales, and usually a MOTD based around that pantheon. The only way to get these icons are through these events, or through certain chests (Odyssey is the only one I've noticed).
Ew.
Mute and block feature.
You're right.
It hasn't been updated yet. It will more than likely be done when the patch goes live tomorrow. Probably just doing it to save time.
Kumba. He is more supportive base, while still being able to hold his own... weight.
If he no longer says "this might be too big for me!" every time I purchased an item, I would be completely fine with it.
Then I will make sure to give every Cupid player a .... Hel of a time.
Nu Wa. She even has a recolor that is exclusive (granted, it's free).
So..? It's still an exclusive skin. And the Merc skins were also available for a decent length of time when they were released.
Sike.
It's for the Japanese event, which hasn't started yet. You have to purchase the items from the Japanese events.
No. There have been about 13 posts about this already, you aren't the only one. And the same answer applies. They haven't updated the ticket yet.
I don't need a build guide, thanks for the offer though. We just have different opinions on items, obviously, and you believe yours is superior, so I won't argue you either.
Season 3 hasn't started yet.
On top of the T2, the Exclusive, and the Shadow skin he just got.
The app will be coming to Android in due time, and the skin will be available through that as well.
I only like gen 1 of Pokemon. Huehuehue.
What would Smite be without it's bugs every patch?
