Saint is taller. That looks a lot like Hard
With the imports, NA lcs has a stronger lineup of mids than EU
Having one of the most veteran players in Froggen to help and Rick fucking Fox will be hugely helpful for him and Hard
I imagine Rick Fox will take a hand in mentoring or managing them yeah, or he'll know how to pick out a great coach with his background
EU players are still a very small portion of the total players in NA. This joke is pretty forced
Historically EU has really good mids while its NA's weakest role in regards to native talent, most eu imports are mids as a result. Top is the other weak NA role that has a lot of imports. Look at something like adc and you'll see more NA players. It's a bit early to say TSM is the strongest.
That's not saying much since there aren't many NA rookies. I don't see Remilia or RF being better than Moon, Stixxay, any of the TLA players
TL's shot calling has left a lot to be desired. I'm not sure it will be a big downgrade with Dardoch
Top 5 Korean mid
Statistically Gamsu was pretty bad. He had a large share of the team's gold yet did really poorly in his stats. He was a mediocre player with flashes of good play
Zion preformed on Coast despite a bad team. Altec preformed on Winterfox despite a bad team. Gamsu was part of Dig being bad. Dunno why you're so upset over the fact that a player might not be that good
I'm on my phone but http://oracleselixir.com/statistics/na/na-lcs-2015-summer-regular-season-player-statistics/ I imagine you can get to spring from there too so you can look at both splits. Click top laner and go to town. Thanks for being condescending though, mature way to carry a conversation
I feel like RNG might be a smart team even if they lack outright talent. I could see them taking wins off smart play rather than smashing lane or mechanical outplays
You'd hope he would have the self awareness to improve on that after seeing how it works against him
Trundle as flex for top and support. Beyond that good list
Seriously. "NA has no talent" "challenger players? Team will be shit" "Lol imports dae 2 eu" It's a damned if you do damned if you don't. Try challenger talent and you're laughed at or called weak, if you import you're part of the problem and memes are posted
It's 2 years to be a resident right? So Ninja could not be considered a resident until Summer 2017 unless I'm mistaken
Yup. No one is gonna say "I might suck as a top."
I just want a keyboard that puts comma and period to the right of space. Having those so easy to access is the thing I miss most from android
You're right, the Danish flag *is* pretty great
This comment is lame
Fnatic made him a big offer so money isn't the motivation
Maybe the king of a very small, inbred kingdom
Elements vs TIP is the MyM vs Coast of this split. Gotta love races to the bottom
I believe Baby changed his name to BIG, going by his Twitter and the Echo Fox announcement
Both have sizeable fanbases
Not even Piglet can bypass the Gatekeeper
Riot will blur his face. The mystery will continue
I agree. If you put someone like Febiven against CS mids he'd crush them into a new reality. Alex beat CS mids but rarely crushed them to the degree that I would think "Old Alex Ich is back." Alex still has to prove he is a relevant player
TL is one of the the most transparent League orgs. I imagine other orgs have issues as well we're just not privy to them
NRG? GBM and Impact are world class, Altec potentially is as well also. If Moon and Konkwon can keep up then that's a really strong western team.
Sure, but Impact likely can communicate well enough as he's had to communicate in English for a year now. GBM won't have good english but Konkwon is fluent in both English and Korean and can easily translate. NRG will have vastly fewer communication issues than the Chinese teams did, and the team has strong players to build off of.
I'd argue that Sheep has never been good in competitive play.
He changed back to Selfie as according to him there's negative memories/emotions attached to the Kori name for him
How is YS after money when Fnatic offered him more money than TSM did?
Any player: What player(s) are you most excited to go against? Any of the coaching staff: What do you think will be the biggest hurdle to overcome to catch up to and become one of the top teams?
Any ideas for how they could buff Dragon? It seems like even with number tweaks only the 1st and 5th stack bonuses are important enough to fight over. Would you prefer they rework the stacks of 2-4?
When will GBM start streaming? He seems like he'd be a blast to watch
We just need the LCS to incorporate coach-initiated pauses so if you see someone start to tilt you can pause, run on stage and tell them a random fact.
Thoorin usually does it in an entertaining way, he can burn people really well. Soaz and Amazing just get whiny.
Sorry you have to experience that. Riot seems to be trying hard to fight it with their detection systems and the like, at some point all you can do is mute and report. If someone is impacting your enjoyment of the game then reduce your interaction with them as much as is feasible.
I've tried before and it didn't really work. Maybe it's possible in some way but i'm inclined to say no.
Nice editing and music! Thanks for sharing =)
Are you referring to your taskbar being on top of your game? The way i've found to fix that is to switch to fullscreen real fast and then back to borderless.
LS may also be biased since he's worked with and coached Moon. I think Moon will be good but i'm not sure he'll be the next big superstar in NA. He was good in challenger but didn't do anything that blew me away.
Oh, that's not good! Sorry you had to experience that, man
No problem! Summonerschool is great. I've been playing since closed beta and I still find myself on there quite often. I'm Ruran in-game if you ever need another person to play with.
I must have just hit bad times then, I got trapped in D for a good 20 minutes due to how slow traffic was going in and out of it, not to mention the people driving slower than smell hoping that a spot would open.
I talk to Miguel (the guy who runs parking services) fairly often and he makes it sounds like they aren't allowed to ticket until a certain date. If you get ticketed before that you could probably get it dropped.
I consider a 9AM class super early =P. If you're getting there that early then you'd be fine yeah. Past around 11ish the only consistent parking I could find was the park and ride.
