change all mentions of 'bastard' in 'Sneaky Bastard' to 'b*stard' so we at least get some of the word?
For pistolminds you can get it to 44/18/22 with Velocity .40, Polymer Flashlight, Ergo Grip, Extended Magazine, Pistol Red Dot Sight and Two Tone Slide. http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/mOLJFBCDa:pC8::s43-6-22-12-24-10-13:
How exactly are you getting it to 44/20/30 with that build? Here's the pistol you propose + Gunslinger Aced: http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/mOLJFBCDa:pC8::s43-15-24-13: That's 44/18/17.5, are you using Equilibrium and/or similar skills? That doesn't actually increase accuracy or stability, it just reduces spread by a very small amount compared to a higher accuracy. PD2skills unfortunately gives false stat boost numbers similar to in-game.
Thanks for the info! Standard interaction to use the TV, similar to the hand-dryer?
Akimbo Deagles are pretty amazing to play with.
Thanatos sucks ammo like a black hole, it's only good for maps with little combat.
Just a quick reminder, a rule of the subreddit is that you're not allowed to show someone's username if they haven't said you can. You may want to crop/black out those names.
He drops shit into trees when he's like a few meters above the things. He could swoop over a clearing instead.
Oh, this is an ARG trying to promote a payday 2 mod. That would have been helpful to explain.
Does that work for all character models? Is walking in front of a tased team-mate a valid strategy to break the taze before finding and shooting the taser?
PD:TH secret was the Overdrill and the secret vault on FWB. AFAIK the first team (Team 7200) just got special masks and first crack at PD2 beta.
Am I allowed to ask where I can find out about this thing that must not be discussed?
1. No, because I usually can circle-strafe them quickly when they're standing still and fire a few rounds into their heads. 2. Primary shotguns are not helmet poppers (Loco) - they're either concealable (Raven) or HE stunsticks (M104). 3. Pistols are kind of crap compared to your options in the Assault and Sniper Rifle categories. You're always going to be trading off. 4. Cops usually have predictable hurt animations, I roll with my ARs set to single-fire 90% of the time and I don't have any issues with follow-up shots on Tans.
game balance =/= IRL statistics
What exactly are you going on about? Is this more fan ARG? There's already enough noise surrounding the Secret, we don't need more.
Thanks for the information, I had no idea that effect existed. Now I can just disregard Cable Guy entirely and afford an 8-point build surplus.
Needing either Overkill or Bezerker to buff your mid-low pickup rate weapon to breakpoint 100 is not reliable. The loco doesn't need a 12-point skill to one-shot tans in the head, and you just don't need an automatic shotgun in general. That's not how helmet popping works.
The only problem is getting them here and engaged with asking for help. Most people probably won't even know we exist.
Arguably crippled by overspecialization - you don't have aced medbags, no Run &amp; Gun, you've taken Cat Burglar instead of Shinobi for some reason, Underdog is only really good for the ace, and Oppressor does not affect panic chance. On DW you'll never get enough hostages to compensate for the huge volume of damage-boosted fire coming your way, especially if snipers start eating entire segments of your HP wheel, and you won't have the medibags to keep yourself away from regular custody.
~~Isn't it possible to drop the Auto-fire attachment from that build, regain 2 acc and still reach the 40 breakpoint?~~ whoops nevermind I had left Bezerker on from earlier and just noticed the little blue skill boost on the side it was providing *two points* more, too. Just enough to skew my numbers without tipping me off with 50-damage SMGs.
Thanks, that makes sense.
Nah, we can already sort of see surface luminance through smoke and light gets scattered in smoke IRL anyway.
but *why* it sounds like a zany 2000's animated comedy movie this is so mood-breaking for Payday it hurts
Disturbing the Peace and threat suppression are different effects with separate mechanisms. Extra threat does not increase your odds of panicking an enemy. Please read the Long Guide's section on the Muscle deck.
There's overwhelmingly large numbers of students compared to mentors, and it'll be even worse during the summer sale. I signed up to help anyone who asks, I didn't sign up to ask every single person in the steam group if they need help.
Apart from HE shotgun secondaries (Street Sweeper is the best due to high pickup and fire rates) most secondaries are for helmet popping (Loco, Patchett, pistolmind Gruber, etc.). If you want to kill specials easily, the best tools are the R93/Nagant or GL40 which both have high damage and armor-defeating capabilities.
I haven't seen stacked meth ingredients before - is this only possible through the bug or did I miss an update where we can now pick up many copies of ingredients at once?
I have a dumb question: what's BLT?
Sounds good then. I'm not subscribed to the /online sub so I might be a little late.
Nice idea but we don't need another half-dozen melee weapons. We're drowning in them as it is.
Many of the skill descriptions are outright lies/inaccurate/out-of-date. Why? Ask overkill, we'd all like to know.
That sounds like a great idea, why not suggest it to one of the HUD communities?
Looks like Hulkamania's running wild.
Also another point of advice, take builds to the specific subreddit we have for them: /r/paydaybuilds
The Gigadrill and more human-dependent teamwork was confirmed a while back in Spring Break Day 4's video, which we're beginning to see in Alesso with the C4 and Pyro Booth at different ends of the level. New weapons as well, perhaps?
I know that part of the preplanning will include different drill options. I'm hoping the team learned their lesson from Big Bank and will have more than one viable major option, but I'm not going to hold my breath.
Yeah, [others are having the same issue.](https://www.reddit.com/r/paydaytheheist/comments/38vdga/is_the_long_guide_inaccessible_for_anyone_else/)
In response to your former question, I'm going to go with a QA department that hasn't grown with the company's vast new playerbase and scope, given that their PR dep As for your latter question, HE rounds 'pierce' shields because their AoE extends past the shield and affects the cop on the other side.
That doesn't sound like a question, can you please be more specific?
I recommend asking /r/paydaybuilds who are more knowledgeable about builds specifically, but generally most of them use either full dodge or full ICTV for protection and high-damage weapons to keep pace with the bigger breakpoints.
1. The Gage Shotgun Pack isn't needed to run the crown jewel of shotguns, [the Shotforcer Loco](http://pd2skills.com/#/v3/eHEBa:ica:pM8::s32-32-43-5-38:), but for things like reliably stunning specials you'll want the pack for HE rounds (best used with either M104 or Street Sweeper). 2. Locomotive is the undisputed all-rounder king of helmet-popping shotguns (*and* is a secondary), the Street Sweeper and M104 are excellent for HE stunning, the Raven reaches a good concealment rating while retaining high magazine capacity and reasonable damage, and the Mosconi/Joceline are DW-capable high-damage concealable deathsticks. 3. Street Sweeper has highest pickup of all secondary shotguns, plus a high mag size and RoF. Good for using with HE shells. The Judge is concealable, has high damage and high RoF but is crippled by a very low pickup and high recoil. The Raven can be modded for ridiculous mag size but is more often used as a Plan B weapon for stealth loadouts as it can reach a high concealment without sacrificing firepower.
AP slugs only do 1/4 damage after a penetration, nerfing their usefulness as a special-killer into the ground along with the lost of spread and the huge pool/pickup reduction. You're far better off bringing a sniper rifle. And video game balance =/= real-life logic.
While that's true, the Locomotive leaves it far behind in terms of pickup and it doesn't do enough damage to compete with the Mosconi or Joceline in terms of raw, DW-grade damage-per-shot.
Revolvers do in fact use the force of the trigger pull. There's a small lever that grabs the cylinder by a set of teeth and pulls it around by half a chamber to line a round up with the barrel, then rotates it another half-cylinder as the trigger is released.
RoF is unimportant for a shotgun when shot placement is key and multiple kills per shot are possible. The Locomotive can cycle shells more than fast enough to deal with mobs. Also, the Mosconi's damage was buffed when the Joceline dropped so that the two are almost identical except for minor concealment differences which usually only matter for LB/SB dodge builds.
How'd you glitch inside it?
You're doing god's work.
People are kinda getting tired of the coy act, Almir. We just want your team to deliver what you said you would months ago. Where's the FBI files? Have you decided what the GenSec enemy actually is? When's Paydaycon?
It was cute and funny at first but now I'm just tired and want to know what's happening. You can't hype a fanbase forever. People get fatigued.
Thanks, I didn't know the saw triggered the cops.
