If you're supporting a family (or even living alone) on that amount then I'd be surprised.  How much is your rent &amp; bills out of interest?
Adblock is what keeps me sane.  I was a paying member of imgur plus (or whatever it was called) for several years. The option to pay  directly for the service was taken away a few months ago.... so adblock it is.  My reddit gold just expired, but until a week ago I was paying for that. Which was another way of avoiding ads while supporting a site I use.  ---  I'm  currently waiting for Adblock to add a feature enabling users to whitelist certain youtube channels while still blocking ads on the rest.  I'd much prefer to be able to pay a quid or two a month and have it shared amongst my subscriptions. Google would never ever go for such a model though, so being able to selectively disable ads for certain channels would be a happy medium I guess.
I'm on the border between Leicester &amp; Notts. If anyone is in that neck of the woods, give me a shout.
Pentasa is the stuff I'm given on the NHS (UK).  I have nothing to compare it to, but it seems to do the job.
During development I was pushing for the game to include an in-built basic websockets server which would allow connected devices to read telemetry data via a web-app API interface. This would have meant that third party phone, tablet, laptop based dashboards / timing apps, etc would have worked on the console versions as well as PC.  To me this would have massively set the game apart from the competition and would have solidified it as being a 'serious sim'.  My feature request fell on deaf ears though and the PC API is just a memory mapped shared data file, which is easier to implement but far les flexible and requires all third party apps which run on secondary devices to require their own 'server' running on the host machine (which is impossible for consoles).
You obviously don't live in the UK or have never worked here. Both employee and employer NI contributions will normally be clearly listed, with the amount paid that pay period along with the total amount paid in the current tax year.  [Example]( http://www.a1-payroll.co.uk/images/IrisPayslipLarge.jpg ).
Have a word with your landlord. So long as you're reasonable and offer to fill and paint any holes left when you move out most wouldn't take issue with it.  Preferably offer to site the cabinet in a fitted cupboard (against a supporting wall).  ---  You won't be able to store your firearms in a property you don't live in (especially so where none of the other residents are FAC holders), and you certainly wouldn't be allowed to store them in an unoccupied outbuilding.
I guess you could look up the thrust of the EVA jetpack and mass of a Kerbal, then work out what your acceleration will be per second of burn-time. Then calculate what burns are needed.  You only really need to be concerned with getting a close approach though.  I tend to just flick back n fourth to map mode then once I've got the encounter of a few dozen km, I'll roughly match velocities at corset approach, then switch to the other craft and use that for the fine-tuning.  ---  I'll tend to do EVA and surface samples on every Minimus biome by putting the capsule in a polar orbit then EVAing down to the surface &amp; back for each biome. I can do the whole lot in a single flight with a tiny ship that way.
Most people in the UK are pretty ignorant when it comes to firearm usage in their own country.  Hell, if you go outside to the middle of the countryside on a Saturday in winter you'll hear gunfire all around you. Clay shooting as well as game (mainly partridge/pheasant) is extremely popular and the relatively high density of cities &amp; towns here mean you are never very far from some sort of shooting related activities.  To most people here the 'countryside' is just the green bit in between the cities. Their only real time in it is spent looking out of a car / train window, or flying over it in a plane on the way to Magaluf. They neither know nor care about any of the activities that go on there.   ...and as someone who shoots I'm perfectly happy with this ignorance as it keeps away the "won't somebody think of the children" brigade.  ---  Hell there are [three .50 cal ranges](http://www.fcsa.co.uk/uk-ranges/range-locations.html) within a couple of hours drive of my house. Not even many yanks can say that.
Yeah, handguns are super-restricted.  The only folk who can own handguns here are those who require one as part of their job. For civilian ownership other than police, your legitimate reason will normally be 'for the humane dispatch of distressed animals'; So we're talking vets, game wardens, etc.  A mate of mine has a fairly large sheep farm and owns one for this reason. It's a smooth-bore .38 special revolver with all but two of the chambers filled in. Which means it's wildly inaccurate at anything over a couple of feet, and only has a capacity for two shots. But as it's specifically for humane dispatch that's all you need.
Every individual is different, but my bro started at 17.  He wasn't very academically inclined so quit school at 16 and got a factory job at a local small business that he'd worked at during previous school holidays. He was still living at home with the folks so didn't have any real outgoings.  ~18 months later he had enough saved for a deposit on a small 2-bed house. The house is [basically the same as this](http://www.zoopla.co.uk/property-history/16-princes-road/old-dalby/melton-mowbray/le14-3lz/33640778), except back then they were selling for £50k.  The mortgage was initially in our parent's name as in the UK you have to be 18 to get a mortgage. He covered the full amount of the deposit though, and carried on putting much of his wage into the property as well as the rental income.  He's never lived in the place, it's always been rented out, and he had it paid off in full before he was 30.
You could try the British embassy in Paris. Since she's going there anyway it can't do any harm to try.  Does she have a pre-arranged flight booked from somewhere in the UK at the end of her visa period?   If she has and can show tickets that would be a huge help, as would be being able to prove that she has enough money saved up to last her over that period.  ---  EDIT: Just read the rest of your comments. She should ask at the embassy that if she *does* arrange a flight home at the end of her visa period would they reinstate the visa for the remaining 60 days.
My bro quit school at 16, started working a factory job, trained as a forklift operator and bought a house by the time he was 18 (lived at home 16-18 while he saved for a deposit).  He's currently on £12 p/h (£18 with OT), which isn't a great wage but it's enough to get by on.   There's no shortage of jobs about though.  ---  Apprenticeships are another option, although you'll be on a shit wage for a few years.
East Midlands, was about a decade ago when he bought the house.  Saving for a mortgage will take longer nowadays I'm not denying that. If you're young enough that it doesn't seem weird living with your parents then I'd say that is still key to being able to save for a deposit rapidly.  Plenty of jobs about in the midlands currently though (my constituency has 1.8% unemployment).
&gt; Just looking at the visa, there is nothing to say why you've been refused so not a huge amount of advice I can give.  As someone who used to work in the field, does the stamp on the visa not indicate that she entered the UK on the 24th of May? (OP is saying she entered the UK in August though)  If that's the case and the visa is valid for 180 days from entry then it would have become invalid on Nov 20. Is that correct?
It'll likely be a regular licence as he has a mooring in a marina for it. Chances are that it's just a leisure mooring though.  From my experience living on a boat and managing a small marina probably 90% of people living on boats are doing so 'illegally' by living on a leisure moorings. Marina owners aren't bothered though, as having people living on site deters crime, and means they can charge for ancillary services (showers, pump-outs, washer/drier, etc), and it increases demand so they can charge accordingly.
I have to be honest, this is $100 more than I was expecting. I was hoping for $500 with a surprise announcement that the headset would come with a voucher for free motion controllers when they are released later in the year.  I won't be pre-ordering now but waiting to see the pricepoint of the Vive and the Rift's controllers before making a buying decision. As an owner of both a DK1 &amp; 2 I'll most definitely be buying one or the other though, that much I *am* sure of.  Although I wasn't one I feel happy for the Kickstarter backers though. They're getting a great deal. Lets just hope that this pricing news doesn't scare all the developers away along with the customers.  ---  EDIT:   LoL, they also want to charge a 20% "Fuck over the UK consumer" fee. That's not even including delivery.  ---  EDIT2:  They're also routing UK payments via Ireland to avoid paying UK taxes. That's like an extra fuck-you.  ...and what's with not being able to see shipping rates before handing over payment information?
I can answer this from having a DK2 as the Rift uses the same tracking tech.  So long as you aren't visible in each other's tracking camera it's not an issue.  ---  If you think this might be an issue then you may want to wait until the Vive comes out as that should have no interference issues whatsoever, no matter how close in proximity the headsets are.
&gt; Can I eat on a £100 budget for a month ?  Piece of piss, so long as you have a big freezer and are willing to plan ahead a bit.  Like you say, buy in bulk. Check out your local cash &amp; carry place. Costco, Makro, etc. Avoid the supermarkets for everything except cleaning products, toiletries, and canned goods (which they are usually cheaper for).    Staples such as pasta, rice, meat, oil, veg, etc. will most definitely be cheaper from a cash &amp; carry or a greengrocers though.  My local family butcher is also cheaper than the supermarket for minced beef, although for pretty much every other type of meat they're more expensive.  Buy spuds in 20kg sacks. They'll last for months and even if you end up throwing 2/3rds away it'll still be far cheaper than supermarket prices. Buy onions, garlic, mushrooms in bulk, then chop, slice &amp; dice them before freezing for later use.  If you can, get eggs from someone with Chickens.   If you live in a rural area get an air rifle and permission from a local farmer to go shoot pigeon &amp; rabbits and learn to dress &amp; cook them. No meat is as good as free meat. Start a veggie garden or planter box for herbs.  Cook enough for multiple meals at a time and either freeze the extra for another day (get a bigger freezer if you need to, it's worth it), or convert the leftovers of one meal into something else the next night.   For instance I might cook a huge pan of bolognese one day and have spag bol the first night, the next day I might make a lasagne, the next add some beans &amp; spices to make a chilli con carne; plus also freeze a load of bolognese for another time.  Don't skimp on quality, just shop smarter.  ---  For two of us we spend a little bit more than £100 a month, doing the bulk of the shopping at our local Makro. We supplement this with shot pigeons, rabbits, pheasants*, etc. I tend to get 'free' eggs from a neighbor who keeps chickens (they're building a new house and I've lent them my mini-digger a few times). Most people who keep chickens usually end up with more eggs than they can eat so it's always worth asking if you know someone. Every three months or so we'll do an online shop from Morrisons or Tesco to top up on cleaning stuff, bog roll, canned goods, etc.  Personally I don't grow veggies as I'm too lazy, but do have a decent herb garden (herbs are self-sustaining and require almost zero maintenance).  ---  *I run a small shoot syndicate so technically I pay for the pheasants with my syndicate subs.
Find a neighbor with a new driveway, knock on their door and ask if they were happy with the contractor, if they were, get the number.  Same for a house with a new roof, etc.  Independent verbal recommendations are the only way I take on tradespeople. Preferably off people that I know, but either way I want to see prior (completed) work before taking them on.
* Don't tell a soul. * Allocate a bunch of it to a charitable trust where the yearly interest gets donated to charities of my choosing. * Set up trusts for all my nephews that only pay out when they graduate university. * Only let them know of the trust's existence *if* they graduate. * Quietly spend some on myself. * Invest most of it. * Retire.
I know a few Swedish ex-pats in the UK.  They come here for our glorious weather, and the discussions about the weather.
I bought a decent one from Next 7-8 years ago. I believe it cost £15.   For what it's worth, it's made from soft Italian leather and is still going strong.
I do the 'deposit and forget' thing with my bills account, but have it set up with the bank (Natwest) to text me the account balance once a week. It'll also text me if the balance drops below a certain level.  That's enough monitoring for me and I rarely, if ever, look at the actual statements.
As a landlord and as someone who knows maybe another dozen landlords I can confidently say that this is bollocks.  If your rental income doesn't cover your mortgage costs, insurance, maintenance, tax on the income, management fees, allowance for losing 18%-28% of the increase in property value to capital gains tax, then you seriously fucked up.  Your tenant is basically paying your mortgage and all other associated costs. No landlord is going to lose money on a property every month on the assumption that they'll make some of it back when they sell the property. That's simply not how it works.
If you do due diligence when buying a second hand car you'll have cheap motoring.  When viewing a used car spend some time looking up common issues of that model of that age, and what to look for if it's showing signs of that issue occurring.  If you drive any type of vehicle it's worth learning at least a small amount about basic vehicle maintenance &amp; repair. You'll be able to fix minor problems yourself and will be in a much better place when checking out potential cars to buy.  If you know nothing about cars then take someone with you who does when viewing cars (and someone who's *actually* mechanically knowledgeable, not your mate Dave who has Nos stickers on his doors but actually knows fuck all).  If you do all this you'll massively improve your chances of not buying a duffer.  ---  Anecdote time...  Before my current car (Ford Ranger), I had a [Daihatsu Sportrak](http://i.imgur.com/Dxnq5rv.jpg) which I bought for £350.   In the five years I owned it I didn't spend a penny on it apart from changing the oil every couple of years.  It did have issues though, but I just bodged it up to keep it ticking.  * Started overheating all the time - Sticky thermostat. Removed the thermostat so the coolant always flowed and the engine ran cold. Slightly worse MPG but problem 'solved'. * Started leaking coolant into the passenger footwell - Interior heater was leaking. Bypassed the heater and joined the two pipes together in the engine bay. Fixed the issue, but no more heated cab :( * Lost the key - Jimmied the ignition so it could be started with a screwdriver. Less secure, but hey-ho. * [Rolled it into a ditch](http://i.imgur.com/Dxnq5rv.jpg) and smashed the back window - Replaced it with a bit of perspex I had lying around. * Managed to [accidentally put some dents &amp; scratches](https://scontent-ams2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfa1/v/t1.0-9/20547_247820336716_3428756_n.jpg?oh=02c3efa51cde7591beeb3312858e2983&amp;oe=57022D23) in the bonnet. - [Put it back though](https://scontent-ams2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xaf1/v/t1.0-9/20547_247820581716_5503245_n.jpg?oh=9d8512331062e03a68b2a417086bd5e8&amp;oe=57025176), No biggie.  It wouldn't die and I wanted a new car [so I decided to *really* start abusing it](http://i.imgur.com/NtLCx1s.jpg). Even after several weekends of major abuse it was still drivable so I carried on using it for another 6 months until the MOT ran out. It might have passed again, but I never found out (drove it to the scrap yard and was paid £150 for it).  ---  My current car is a Ford ranger ('04) which was £4500 which I've now had this one for six years ([this one is also is forced to carry unusual loads)](http://i.imgur.com/mvuXWCV.jpg).  It's still going strong and I've not had to spend anything on this one either other than servicing costs. Although to lower those I do service it myself every other year.
You don't need to have the heating on high, just enough to keep the house above zero so things don't freeze.  How can you even contemplate living in a house that cold anyway?  Many people think my house is cold, but it's nowhere close to freezing.
Own my own home and have a 30x15 ft living room. Maybe half of that will be a VR space.  I'm planning on running the power wires internally in the walls and mounting one lighthouse in one corner at ceiling height, and the other in the middle of the long wall, giving a 15x15 tracking area.
&gt; Why the outside staircase? Is there no staircase inside the house - or was it a stylistic choice to have a porch staircase outside?  It's a duplex, which I believe in America-speak means there's one flat on the ground floor, another on the 1st.
Hmm, I had to buy a few thousand nuts &amp; bolts for a job last year. I wondered why they were so expensive.  Cheers EU for protecting me against paying less for stuff :/
&gt; probably using about £20 a week  ...that's still £90 a month. Do you have gas as well?
By the sounds of it your solicitor should be able to easily have the conditions of your bail overturned.  Speak to them in the morning.  ---  No doubt you will eventually have to leave, but you should be able to arrange time to get your affairs in order and find alternate accommodation.
Studied physics, although I went into management (sales, sales management/consultancy, then managed a marina, then ran a sawmill).   Now I'm a landlord, have a couple of rental properties, as well as a 50% stake in a multi-acre industrial site. Building another house at the minute as well as creating some small workshop spaces to rent.  Until I got too busy with current projects I also earned a bit of extra cash from programming. That started as a hobby then part-time freelance for extra income. At one point I was earning more doing that than my regular job (I was working on a thing called Garry's mod when that became a commercial product and started selling like crazy).  ---  NB. I'm 34 now, went to Uni in '99.
I don't have a problem with the UK taking on genuine refugees. There are an awful lot of freeloaders mixed in with the legit asylum seekers though and doing a Germany and letting everyone in then sorting out the mess later is IMO utterly the wrong ting to do. Corbyn is living in lala land if he thinks that's an electable position for Labour to take.  ---  I'd say that the way forward is to expand on our current role of taking the most vulnerable directly from refugee camps, get more countries doing likewise and get more people over there handling the applications to speed up the process.  As for those at Calais, we should have an amnesty whereby we make a one-time offer of free flights home to those not fleeing war (many realise they've made a mistake but now feel trapped, an offer of a ride home will likely be met with gratitude to those who now come to realise there's no chance they're legally getting in to the UK).  Legitimate refugees should be encouraged to register in France with assurances from the UK government that those with existing family ties will eventually be afforded the opportunity to move to the UK once we've dealt with the claims of the most vulnerable refugees who are currently stuck in camps in Turkey, Jordan, etc.  IE. explain that eventually they may get here through legal channels but those who have registered at refugee camps near warzones will always take priority over those who have illegally crossed international borders hoping to asylum-shop.
This happens occasionally in the UK as well.  Typically they are pretty brazen about it. There was a gang nicknamed 'the hole in the wall gang' in my area that'd nick farm machinery or plant off a building site, drive it to where the cash point is, rip it from the wall, load the whole thing onto a truck then drive off.  When they [hit my local village post office](http://www.nottinghampost.com/JCB-ram-raiders-hit-Keyworth-Post-Office/story-12259353-detail/story.html) they also stopped via the police station and slashed the tyres on all the police cars.
&gt; with half of it expected upfront, before its even been earned  That's not how it works.  As someone who is also self-employed I totally get the sentiment though.
I paid for my uni by working hard during the holidays. You have so much time off during holidays that its almost criminal that some students just bum around for a few months in between semesters.  I had an evening job in a factory order picking, a night job forklift driving at a timber yard (and operating a wood treatment tank), and worked weekends serving drinks at my local.  Made enough money that I hardly touched my loans (tuition was cheaper back then, but loans were tiny).    The best thing was that I didn't have to work during term-time which I could see was killing some of the people I was staying with.
When the nightclub is full of people who sneer at you and don't want you there, costs half your monthly salary to get in, and drinks cost double what you'd pay at your cozy local then going home is probably the smart thing to do.
Yeah, that's pretty much exactly what happened.   Not funny at the time, but as the guy's name was Tom he was henceforth known as Tom Thumb.    Luckily for him his thumb made a decent recovery and apart from a few minor scars you'd never know he nearly chopped it off.  ---  EDIT: your comment got spam filtered (presumably because of the wordpress link).    It was only removed from the filter a couple of hours ago so I only just saw it.
I'm already registered but went online to see if I could still register at 1am and the site allowed me to fill in all my details and submit the form no problems.  So the site may have been broken just before midnight, but it was working fine and still accepting registrations after the cutoff a bit later.  Seeing as that was the case there's no need for further extensions IMO.
If you only have a fiver there are better ways to feed yourself than crappy fast food places.  eg. I can make half a dozen 12" pizzas from scratch for a fiver.
I'll probably do what I do during most live election type things.  Get a very early night at 5-6pm, set my alarm for 1-2am to catch the results half way through then stay up till morning.  There's no way I'm missing the results live and there's no way I'm wasting my Friday by being knackered, so this is a good middle-ground.
&gt; there's very little i can afford that isn't a DIY project.  That's what you're supposed to do for a first home (and if you've got any sense any subsequent ones you buy). I know very few people who went straight into a fully finished house. Practically everyone I know first moved into a house that needed a ton of work then go stuck in.  Hell, my parents did just that in every house they ever lived in.  ---  These are the sorts of houses that get snapped up by house flippers and BTL investors, and there's a reason for it. It's because those are the easiest ones to add value to and ensure the biggest returns when you do eventually come to sell it.
&gt; there's very little i can afford that isn't a DIY project.  That's what you're supposed to do for a first home (and if you've got any sense any subsequent ones you buy). I know very few people who went straight into a fully finished house. Practically everyone I know moved into a house that needed a ton of work then go stuck in.  My parents did just that in every house they ever lived in.  ---  These are the sorts of houses that get snapped up by house flippers and BTL investors, and there's a reason for it. It's because those are the easiest ones to add value to and ensure the biggest returns when you do eventually come to sell it.
Stay up late the night before. Make sure I set myself up with plenty of physically demanding jobs that need doing for the day. Do them without any breakfast or lunch. Finish early and take the dog for a long jog (5-6 miles, probably more). Get back and have a big stodgy filling dinner, Knock back a few whiskies.  ...Out like a light.
You're still beholden to the service provider to carry on granting you that discount.  I was on T-Mobile and after a couple of years negotiated a 25% 'loyalty discount'. This loyalty discount was applied before I was billed. I didn't have to pay the full amount then get some of it back.  When EE took over they quietly got rid of loyalty discounts.   My phone bill suddenly went up by 25% and I received nothing in return.  ---  Enough with the strained analogies. What's to stop a future PM giving away some of our rebate for nothing in return?  ...oh wait, that already happened.
How much is your excess?  I can't imagine the repair would cost more than your excess would be unless you're driving something extremely exotic.  If the repair was going to cost £300 and my excess was £250 I think I'd just pay out of pocket rather than have my insurance company chip in £50 but then lose my no claims bonus.  ---  What was the cow doing on the road?   Was your car parked / stationary at the time the damage was done?  Have to spoke to the farmer to see if they're willing to cover the cost of repair?
Same here, and they'll happily schedule 1-on-1 face to face meetings if you have something you'd rather discuss in private rather than in an open forum during one of their regular surgeries (held once or twice a month).  This is a massive contrast to the MP I had when I lived in Central Manchester (Castlefield). I was living on a narrowboat at the time and had several issues I wanted to discuss but trying to get hold of them was all but impossible. In the end I gave up.
Have you been to A&amp;E recently?  Last time I was there I'd say maybe 50% of folks in the waiting room didn't speak any English and seemed to only be there as they weren't registered with a GP and had some minor issue they wanted looking at.  In fairness these people were dropped right to the back of the queue and we still got seen fairly quickly as the person I was with had broken their leg and it was kinda serious (unlike most of the folks there).   So yeah, you do get a lot of immigrants (or what looked to be immigrants) clogging up A&amp;E departments, but the folks working there aren't dumb and will still prioritise actual emergencies over those abusing our healthcare system.  A lot of this could be fixed by educating these folks on how to register for a GP and by stressing that they should only visit A&amp;E in cases of actual emergency. Whatever is currently being done doesn't seem to be enough though.
Likewise in Notts.  Was shorts &amp; flipflops weather over here. Beer garden until 10pm.
