Quest and B-Up bars are my favourites.
Peanut butter, full fat dairy, straight up using real butter when cooking anything...
I worked in a movie theatre from age 15-18. It was a great job at the time even with only earning minimum wage.   The entire staff, other than the manager, were high school and university students. Because of this, we were all one big group of friends. In the quiet time between shows, we'd pretty well just hang around and goof off.   Perks involved free entry to non-soldout shows with a free guest.
I used to do my morning workouts fasted for the same reason but I eventually trained myself to eat before workouts and I do find I perform better.   I generally wake up 4:45/5:00 and my workout starts at 5:30. Because of the short period of time between eating and workout, I just eat simple carbs that will digest quickly. This usually means fruit leather, plain cereal, cookies, or (lately) pop-tarts (Yum!). To get used to eating, I started by eating about 50 calories worth of the previous mentioned foods. Now, I'm up to 200 calories worth and I feel that's a good amount of fuel for my workout.
I can ditto your comment exactly!  I'm also Canadian, originally loved Quest Bars (and still do) but B-up bars overtook Quest as my favourite.
I forgot to bring a towel to the gym with me so I had to dry off, after showering, with the sweatpants I'd worn over my gym shorts. Thank goodness it's winter and the cold weather necessitated extra clothing.
Most cereals are primarily simple carbs and sugar that won't keep you full. Because of this, I look for cereals with lots of fiber and little or no added sugar.  My go-to cereal combo is a serving of Fiber One or All Bran Buds (70 calories) plus two servings of puffed wheat (one serving is one cup for 50 calories).
I've repeated Hal Higdon advanced plans multiple times resulting in multiple PRs. If they've worked for you in the past, they could work for you again (the important thing will just be to bump up your speeds in the various workouts)
There's a little store that sells Chinese housewares in Pacific Place mall, just by the entrance to T&amp;T. I'd try there.
I go to Westside and I love it. I most often visit first thing in the morning through the week (around 5:30 am).   I never have to wait for any equipment or machines as they have multiples of most. If you are a weightlifter, the facility has several squat racks and plenty of high weighted dumbbells. If you like cardio machines, the gym has amble treadmills/bike/ellipticals plus "non'standard" machines like rope pulls, a treadmill climber, jacobs ladder, etc.  Good drop in spin classes. I don't go to the other drop in classes, but there are a bunch offered.   The pool is hard to use on weekends because of families and kids' lessons, but the lanes are fine in the early morning.  The layout is a bit weird with random pieces of equipment shoved into random corners in addition to the "main" fitness areas, but this is a plus as the facility is clearly trying to offer as much equipment as possible.
My usual mug cake recipe is 1 scoop protein powder + 2 tbsp PB2 + a pinch of baking soda. Almond milk or water to a cake batter consistency then 35-45 seconds in the microwave.
Current PRs:  - 5k: 20:20 (those last 20 seconds are proving very difficult!)  - 10k: 43:22  - HM: 1:35:59
I wanted to improve at my sport.   I've been running races for about a decade and took up multisport races (triathlon and duathlon) about 5 years ago. During most of that time, I was overweight bouncing around between 145lbs and 155lbs at 5'4". They say you can't outrun your fork, and boy, do I prove that true.  A couple years ago, I decided I really wanted to see what I was capable of without having excess weight holding me back. Even though I'd been counting calories on and off for years, I buckled down and got serious about it.   I deliberately lost weight slowly. Never more than 1lb per week and usually more like 0.5lb. I did this because my training suffered if my deficit was too great. I got down to a lean 130lbs about 1.5 years ago and I've been spending the last few months creeping down to 125lb.   I must say, losing that excess weight did more for my running speed than any amount of training ever did. Yes, it is possible to be "fast" when overweight, but losing will will nearly always lead to improvements.
I use my food scale on the time!  First, a food scale is way more accurate than using cups or eyeballing serving sizes. But, there are even more benefits.  One is that a food scale saves you dirtying extra dishes. For example, instead of measuring out 1 cup of cereal into a measuring cup and then pouring that cereal into a bowl, I just set my bowl on the scale and then pour in cereal until the scale reads 30 grams or whatever the weight of a cup of that cereal is, per the box.  Second, scales are great when baking. Outside of North America, recipes are commonly written with ingredients by weight instead of volume because it's much more accurate. (Tell two people to dish out "1 cup" of flour using a measuring cup and they will have totally different amounts because of the way flour can settle in a cup). Writing a recipe to call for, say, 200 grams of flour is way more accurate. And, again, you save on dishes because you can pour ingredients directly into your mixing bowl.  So, I'd say don't worry about your family. Get a scale!
The [Inspiralized](http://inspiralized.com/) website has tons of recipes sorted by ingredient and dish-type.  Personally, my favourites include carrot noodles with peanut sauce, cajun curly fries and zucchini with turkey sausage.
I like to use them to make a buffalo chicken salad.   I'll cook the chicken nuggets then slice them into bite sized pieces. Then, I toss them with lettuce, chopped celery and tomatoes, Franks buffalo sauce and a bit of creamy dressing (sour cream, ranch, greek yogurt, etc).
I finally tried the [Voluminous Oatmeal Trick](http://chocolatecoveredkatie.com/2009/07/03/kozyshack-oatmeal-pudding/) posted on Chocolate Covered Katie and I was realy happy with how it turned out.   Basically, you microwave 1/2 cup (40g) of oats in 1.5 cups of water (i.e. way more than usually use) for 4.5 minutes. Then, you leave the oatmeal sitting in the microwave for 5 minutes before moving to the fridge, uncovered, for a few hours or overnight. Then, you can either rewarm or eat cold.  I made mine and let is sit overnight, then I reheated it the next morning. The volume was much more impressive than what I normally get from oatmeal, so that was enjoyable.
I'm getting tired of the treadmill.   It's -10 with a windchill around -30, the temperature has been around this level for most of the last month and it keeps snowing every couple days.  I could bundle up and run outside, but it's really not appealing.
To curb evening munching I usually do one of two things:  - prepare a litre of flavoured sparkling water with my sodastream (takes time to drink and physically fills me)  - brush and floss my teeth. Then, I don't want to "ruin" my clean teeth with more food
I see from your flair that you lost 45 pounds. How long did it take you to lose that weight? Did anything in your habits or lifestyle change from when you were losing weight to the last few months? How about the holidays, any extra eating there?
What are you planning on doing with the unsweetened flavours?  For water enhancers, I just buy them from the grocery store and save money by using coupons and the Checkout51 app.  One option I can think of is to use baking extracts and unflavoured protein powders. At stores like Bulk Barn and Michaels, they have all kinds of extract flavours. At home right now, I have cream cheese, maple, almond, butter, and vanilla. All work well to add flavour to puddings and amoothies without artificial sweeteners.
That looks tasty.  I make egg and cheese breakfast sandwiches with eggos all the time, it's a good meal.
I like any meal that involves tossing something in the oven for 30-60 minutes. This most often includes the following:  - frozen meatballs (turkey and chicken are lighter, but beef is fine, too, homemade or packaged)  - baby potatoes  - green beans  - brussel sprouts  - squash  - cabbage  - cauliflower  - broccoli  Generally, veggies are good tossed with salt, pepper, garlic powder and oil before going in the oven.
Are you trying to avoid potato completely or just lower the carbs? I've had a lot of success adding a little bit of instant mashed potatoes (about 1/4 cup of the dry flakes) to a pot of mashed cauliflower.  My usual method is to dump 1 pound of frozen cauliflower florets into boiling chicken broth. I let simmer until the cauliflower is cooked, drain, then blend with my immersion blender. At this point, I add the instant mashed potatoes.
Yes, you can buy skin on chicken breasts.  I prefer dark meat to white meat because that's where all the flavour is. But, you can't force your family to eat dark meat.  What I would do it continue cooking whole chickens and then using the dark meat in other dishes: curries for example.
I think that's a good plan. The human body is not a calculator that resets at midnight. I don't know about you, but I always feel the extra hunger from bigger workouts the day after that workout, so what you've described is how I tend to naturally operate.
Canned green beans are good when you roast them with oil, salt, pepper, and garlic. Sauteeing is also a good option, anything other than microwaving or boiling.  I like adding canned beets to salads with balsamic vinegar.  Canned tomatoes are preferable to fresh if you're going to be cooking them. You can even roast canned tomatoes to get some extra flavour in them  Other than veggies, canned beans and legumes (chickpeas, black beans, kidney beans, etc) are a staple in my pantry. I add them to salads, casseroles, mash them into burgers, add to soups and chilis and many other purposes.
My husband doesn't like quinoa either, but he'll eat it in this [Turkey Quinoa Meatloaf](http://allrecipes.com/recipe/213211/turkey-and-quinoa-meatloaf/?internalSource=search%20result&amp;referringContentType=search%20results)  You can play around with the flavours in this recipe, going with taco flavours, or italian or whatever you feel like.
It's going to be different for everyone since fat distribution is genetic. I personally saw my legs slim down when I went under 135lbs at 5'4".
I tend to eat lighter on the weekend because I have more time to prepare vegetable heavy dishes and I'm doing more activities that distract me from eating, like shopping, cleaning and just being out and about.  I work a desk job, so Monday to Friday is a constant battle to resist the office treats.
Do you have coconut milk?: [Bok Choy Curry](http://www.sweetashoney.co.nz/bok-choy-curry-indian-style/)  How about Indian spices? [Bok Choy and Chicken Curry](http://www.sweetandsavorybyshinee.com/easy-bok-choy-chicken-curry/)  I usually saute bok choy with ginger and garlic for stir fry or to have on the side of steamed dumplings.
I go all out when I'm on vacation, too. After my last trip, I legitimately weighed 10 pounds more on the night I arrived home than I did pre-vacation. Within two days, 8 of these pounds fell off. Theoretically, if one ate 3,500 calories over TDEE per day for 7 days, you could put 7 pounds of fat on, but I find in practice that the body doesn't really work this way and fewer pounds than predicted actually get added on.
Even though I'm not eating to lose weight anymore, I still track my calories to make sure I don't slip up and end up gaining. Plus, tracking allows me to eat "unhealthy" foods guilt-free since I know that everything I eat fits into my daily calorie budget.  I don't think there's anything wrong with continuing to track.  Even though I'm not struggling with my finances, I still track my income and spending to monitor my habits. Doesn't mean I'm addicted to budgeting.  Same can be said for eating and calorie "budgeting".
I don't weigh are non-starchy vegetables like lettuce, tomatoes, cucumbers and zucchini.  I don't weigh uniform packaged food items like processed cookies, granola/protein bars, ice cream bars, pudding mix, etc.  Liquids get measured by volume, everything else gets weighed.
Don't take my advice over a doctor's but walking should be fine as long as you aren't getting your heart rate up. I was back at work a day after getting my wisdom teeth out and it's impossible to avoid walking completely.
Birth control pills actually decrease my appetite so I tend to have a harder time losing/maintaining weight when I go off them.  I think I read that about 20% of women report increased appetite while on BC and 20% report decreased appetite. It's the appetite that's affected, though, not weight directly. So, just keep an eye on your eating and it'll be fine.
Yep. I'm a big analytical/numbers person so I track my exercise in addition to my calories. I like having good data to look back on to assess my calorie needs.   For sports, I often use this information to add a couple pounds in the fall and then take it off in the spring. To control my weight to this degree, I need accurate data.
I manually add exercise every day. Through several months of logging and tracking my calories and exercise while losing weight, I worked out what my TDEE is excluding intentional exercise. In maintenance, I eat this amount plus whatever I burn.  Between running and biking, my daily calorie burns range from 0 to 1,000+ calories and it's not the same from week to week, so this system works well for me.  I will say that I don't necessarily eat all my exercise calories in the same day. I often end up "saving" some of them for the next day because my hunger from big workouts is often delayed.
Does it have to be online?   I've gotten good brand name bras cheap at Winners.
While cardio does burn calories, I find that it raises my appetite such that its no easier keeping to a calorie budget.   Cardio has tons of other benefits, but it won't make weight loss easier.  I maintained an overweight size while eating "healthy" food and running marathons. It was only when I started seriously counting calories and being strict with my limit that I successfully lost weight.
I have some [T-Fal](http://www.t-fal.ca/Cookware-%26-Kitchenware/Pots-and-Pans/c/pots%2B%26%2Bpans) pans that work well. Depending on what I'm cooking, I'll use a bit of broth instead of oil, as well.
I average 40g per day. These are my big sources:  - oats  - All Bran cereal  - Vegetables (green beans, bok choy, brussel sprouts, squash etc)  - beans  - popcorn
I find this to be the case, yes. Sometimes I'll burn 1,500 calories in a day from workouts. On these days, I don't usually have the appetite or time to be eating these extra 1,500 calories so I end up under my goal. The next day, though, watch out. My appetite is through the roof.
I've been running for over a decade and I only get the "Runners High" on less than 5% of runs. For me, running sucks during, but I love (and am addicted to) the sense of accomplishment after the fact.
I get good calorie burns from spin class and I have found that going regularly improved my bike fitness.  To lean out your legs will require fat loss which will come from diet. Although there are calorie burns from spin class, it's really easy to eat back the extra burn from increased appetite.
I've never thought to add chia seeds to muffins before. How does it impact the texture?  What's the nutritional breakdown per muffin?
I've been using the free version of MFP for years with no issues.
I wake up at five and I aim to be asleep by nine so that I get eight hours.
Spin class is my favourite
That's my ideal pancake right there. Nice and puffy with crispy edges.
