that happened in my best friend's family, albeit it was way back in the day; her great-grandmother learned as an adult that the woman she thought was her sister was her mother...it was the 1910's so underage motherhood was like a big deal
i loved every episode (and i'm a big AHS fan so i can admit that each season usually gets pretty bad)
omg that small indian boy is as precious as Dev was when he was in Slumdog Millionaire
"laugh inside amy schumer" was my first laugh of the night i think
Dax has secretly been married to a man for 28 years
i'm living for what Meryl is saying about Hollywood
i get their names mixed up all the time, despite knowing each one very well separately.
shit i'm american and i have no clue how big either of those states is
i always liked Van and Kirsten while i was watching CNN nightly in the weeks leading up to the election. Jack Kingston on the other hand just always has this smug smile on his face that you want to punch.
holy crap that is tiny.  side note: i embarrassingly thought the state was an island until like...last year
oh i see! Jane is also a broadway star; she won the Tony in 2003 for her role in the revival of Nine (which is a great musical that was later made into a bad movie with Daniel Day-Lewis) and was just on Broadway last year in She Loves Me (which i saw live and she was phenomenal)  where are you seeing the Little Mermaid?
seriously wtf some one christmas i received (from two people) two copies of a DS game of Bleach... an anime i have never seen in my life.
thank you so much!
thank you kind stranger!
whenever i go on that site i get sucked in for a long time, sometimes hours. i think they're referring to that
my best friend texted me during the inaug and said "Hate them if you will but seriously how beautiful is Melania Trump" and obviously i'm not blind so i had to reluctantly agree
rocking a cowboy hat that a KISS FM DJ once called "a sweet lid"
i think it's a pretty common thing. that's why i hate to finish before my boyfriend 'cause like obviously i want him to finish but i'm much less invested after i'm done
the girl is Natalia Dyer and the boy is Charlie Heaton. i feel like you should know that since your name is u/nataliadyer
Variety is a famous magazine that's been around for a very long time.  edit: 111 years to be precise.
I'm 2 minutes in and absolutely loving the references to people I've never heard of...salsa dancing with Jerry Nadler?? **hilarious!!**
because we went there?
hm it must be because it disposes of the garbage! that's so weird i never knew it was called something different in Canada
all the way through probably about fifty times, but according to the itunes on my computer and phone i've listened to The Schuyler Sisters over 200 times.
huh! TIL. back when i was in school christians were still calling it devil worship
flat feet
yeah i googled it as well but couldn't figure out any of those websites, i'll click download and it downloads some tiny file that isn't the movie
nope! i guess i should be huh?
Hey hey hey HEYYYY👋👋👋 Put cha lighter’s up🔦🔦🔦! Ganja’s in the house 🏠 owwwwww😷! As you can tell from my accent I am from Dallas, Tex-ass🐴! And it was not very easy growing up looking like this💁! Whether I was playing in my grandma’s clothes👵 or putting on a show for my well-organized alphabetically-ordered beanie babies 🐱🐥🐵🐼 I was guh guh guh GAY👬👭! OKKKK😃! But it wasn’t until I moved to Los Angeles ☀️🌴 that I discovered 🚬Marijuana🍀, I mean I like to smoke💨💨💨, y’all I am just flying✈️ as high👆 as your receding hairline👴! OK! 🚬 Marijuana🍀 really does help me calm down😴, so y’all, I went to Valencia where they film the TV show 🌱Weeds🌱! Now, y’all, it’s very dry🔥☀️, it’s almost kinda like your vagoina✌️👌! Can I get an amen🙌🙏?!? Now y’all, I am a treehugger🌳🌲 because if it ain’t green♻️, HUH😫 I’m not interested🙅! OKCURRRRRRRR💅💃!
i'm unfortunately a US fish :/
i actually changed my name to Linda, to get more jobs in HR. it's a real Linda's club.
how can you name a baby Gertrude?? that and Mildred are probably the two "old lady names" i can't get behind. my great aunts were Gertrude, Florence and Helen and my grandma is Glenda Gale. some names are just too old-fashioned to bring back
i didn't especially because Brendan Fraser isn't in it
...i've done both and can confirm they aren't anything alike
holy shit of course this was posted ten hours ago and i didn't see it until an hour ago when i woke up in the middle of the night, and then my google chrome had some kind of spazz and i had to reset my computer, and now they're all gone. same thing that happened to me last time they were uploaded!!! FML
🦑🐙i have both?
“oh oprah!” and “oh gale!” are two of me and my BF’s reactions just to everyday occurrences thanks to this episode
2 years ago i tried this when i finally bought a new PS2 years after mine had broken, got out of Midgar without dying and went across the sea and got in some random battle and died. i was very sad (the ps1 memory card came in the mail the next day)
i’m also gay so this math is checking out so far
i just saw it last night and absolutely loved it, i don’t think i’d seen him in anything before but really enjoyed his performance!
yep, lost both of those of mine after i graduated and moved from MI to AZ, along with my drivers license.... i was a hot damn mess and to this day don’t recall how i went about getting them all back but i remember it took me like 5 years to get all three and it was a complete ass-ache. (i vaguely recall my bank account having my license number and that helped get me on the right track for the other two)
i had one classmate in elementary school named Donald in the late 90’s and haven’t met another one in real life since   edit; completely forgot my boyfriend’s grandfather (who coincidentally timehop reminded me passed away one year ago today) was also named Donald, but the guy was 92
i mean, Windsor is pretty close though. i have a few friends that live on the Canadian side
i’ve had one stepmother and 2 stepfathers in my life and all three were fucking terrible. i don’t know what it is but in my experience it seems like it takes a certain type of person to marry someone that already has children.
thank you so much u/jude-n-sue, i recently misplaced these Candides so you're a savior!
i feel bad for whoever uses Seattle’s richardsackmuncher@yahoo.com, because that’s the email i gave them
i finished the main plot but never did that stuff that reveals Paz to be a villain so suffice it to say i was *surprised* by the events of Ground Zeroes
mehhh i’ve always been a Kinsey 6 without ever (to my knowledge) desiring any intercourse with a woman whatsoever and i still like tits, but have never been able to put my finger on what it is i like about them.
i’m from a small rural town in Michigan and basically didn’t know that gay was a thing until late middle school. this type of education would have been super helpful to myself when i was young.
omg that makes me mad because when Eureka said that i was like “bitch me too!”
