Cool, silly of me not to make more use of my power as a consumer! Edit: make noise while carrying 3 piggy banks' EXACTLY why I loathe to go after a few untoward incidents!
calm ur panties its just a rant. i drive and i hardly use public transport and tolls cause of where i live.
Tabletop games? Geeky? Oh come on I've got female friends aged 27 28 and 29 which are all my boardgame kakis! Not all girls are like that trust me... i have a another group who actively plays monopoly deal and sushi go too if they're not that into the more intense types!
NYE party at KL i got drunk and called my good friend names (even the H word) mostly out of spite due to rejection. Got into an altercation outside the club and she's punishing me for being a twat by cutting off ties for 6 months or a year not sure if she's srs about it or if it's things she said at the heat of the moment.
Yup. Apologizing is the first step. Waiting for her to... well..... takes time. It's the 2nd time we've had this confrontation.
Trust me, we are from the same generation. My dad would just rip a branch off and whip the shit out of me when I misbehaved. Once i hid his signature cane, he improvised and borrowed my mom's 3 foot ruler. My dad obliterated my FIFA 2001 CD just because I played it during weekdays. Anyhoo, point is, we're not far off in terms of crap we get from parents for doing shit. But personally for me I do believe it made me a much more decent adult.
Am thinking of freelance...i guess I'll start with website first? Coding seems so complicated.
Don't you just hate roads that get jammed for the shittiest reason?   I travel back from work everyday through Jalan Istana from Bangsar. More often than not, the traffic is terrible, and you know why? Coz further up near the Sungai Besi highway, the roads start splitting wildly into many exits and every other vehicle slows down just to figure out which is where.
we're on the same boat. I really hate flying, because of turbulence and that I have no control over what's happening. The last bad experience I had was that it was raining like hell over at KLIA, that the runway was too slippery that when we landed the first time we couldn't brake in time so the plane had to take off, make another turn and landed on the 2nd attempt. Surprisingly there wasn't any turbulence during the whole ordeal, but the thought itself was terrifying as hell.
Good grief...I'd probably be less anxious if u were next to me in flights. U remind me of a friend who once sat beside me during a roller coaster ride. Everyone was busy screaming their lungs out and this guy just sat there forgetting to bring his fuck he left at home.
I got my saga back in 2010. I guess i was one of the luckier ones? I've not had any major issues associated with sagas. I love that car.
These things happen. I have an inch Crack on my phone too and i have no idea where it came from. Same thing with scars on ur body
sorry for being a dick. cant say I've heard about XOX.... but mobile wise I'm using umobile. they've got this data plan for RM50++ @ 5GB with some allowances on calls and shit... which is pretty ok. They recently upgraded their plans with streaming on youtube free as well.. do check out u mobile.
Kids do the dumbest things. When i was little i tried to bend the tingkap punya kaca and shattered it so yeah the scene wasn't the most appealing one.
Nice name. Anyhoo well i figured this is more or could be a muscle strain or tear. I posted before on advice with my broken humerus and that was taken down so i don't want my post to be taken down.
He's not the first person i know that dislikes any form of alcohol really. I have a friend who just hates alcohol outright...the taste and the nauseating feeling he gets after consuming it. He has never felt that "highness" others have felt.
Don't fret buddy. I got food poisoning once. Took me a week before i can actually get back to eating dairy..... just take the meds prescribed by ur physician and drink LOTS of water. I lost about 2kgs a week and i was eating a little under maintenance due to my fragile tummy but once ur done with it you'll be back strongrr than ever.  Always rmbr why u started in the first place.
Sorry but I had to.... whats the meaning of irregardless?
Just a curious question for a friend.... if for some reason the water meter outside ur house is tampered/faulty.... are u obligated to pay for a new one or its under SYABAS' jurisdiction?
I was told 3 years max....or a certain mileage...whichever comes first
Lel...i changed mine every 3 years as well...but mostly because of some unfortunate incident..kena tack la, kena punctured la, etc
Well then, its good u are inquisitive. It's not I'm saying youths today are ignorant.....eventually when u work u will get used to politics at the workplace lol.    I was as clueless as u when I was a kid too. Parents also were very anti Malay businesses for some reason.
After about 3 months of gaining 6kgs, definitely my arms.... then came the gut lol.    My former landlady also noticed I had noticeably more flesh on my cheeks. I guess that's good.
Here in South East Asia (Malaysia to be exact), we have plenty of 'buffet' style catering restaurants where you pick your choice of veggies, meat, etc to go with your rice. That's the most affordable meal to have to meet your macros.    Like it or not, you have to spend on supplements if you're having trouble meeting your caloric goal.    Also, you not necessarily need to buy raw ingredients (meat and stuff), but u will need basic groceries like milk, yoghurt, almonds, olive oil, oats and stuff like that to help you.
I would say it depends on the amount of muscle u build.    As a former skinny as hell guy and new to working out, I'd stop at 20% bf as my hips get increasing obvious than ma titties.    Seasoned lifters would have a far more defined upper body till the tummy becomes less significant. But then again, it depends how well u wanna look....10 to 13% bf probably.
Awww..... we in same shoes. Bro cuddle
I know.... I done fcked.
I am ashamed as to not know both existed......huhu...any idea where i can find them
Lol a lot ppl keep saying stop generalizing. Dont try to tell me u wouldn't  have second thoughts about renting out ur property (if u do own one) to Africans.
Hi Markus from rojakdaily!
Sad but true. It's almost they've just given up on the rural folk. Just come to Sarawak and u will see why.
I read the husbands blog entry....he wasn't as pissed as the wife though.
In all seriousness, judging by ur picture, u are most certainly not super skinny or twig-ish. Probably skinny fat.    U look like u have about 18~20% bodyfat. Since u don't have a gym near u currently, I'd advise u to reduce the calories lest u wanna end up looking even more fat. TDEE calculator shows that ur maintenance is 2400 kcal. Eat about +10~20% kcal.    Dial down on ur protein. It's ridiculously excessive. Balance the rest with carbs/fat.
Wat mean. I'm Asian myself
List out ur typical meal plan here together with calories. What is ur height?    I am eating at 2400kcal and i can gain from 52 to 67kg so why can't u.    Also, if u cook ur own food, high chance u might be withholding certain things like flavoring, oil etc all these adds up to ur daily caloric intake.
If u wanna lose body fat (losing weight in the process), just make sure u are eating less calories than ur body maintenance calorie  (calculate here www.tdeecalculator.net), and do it consistently.    Realistically, u are looking at losing 0.5kg a week. Anything faster than that is not sustainable and u will feel shitty. Just stay consistent, weigh urself weekly to check progress. If stuck, reduce food portion.    Speaking from experience as someone who was underweight,  gained 17kgs, and lost a few kgs for muscle definition.
Not on /r/gainit. Many skinny dudes have trouble eating solid food, hence they turn to liquid shakes. If u have no issue chewing then do whatever works for u.    Protein shakes are just supplementary - they are NOT meal replacements. I only take 2 scoops (48g protein) daily. The rest (about 100g) comes from food (meat, milk, PB, veggies, almonds, yogurt etc).
I'm at the office because my fcking calendar shows that today is no public holiday. FML.
I think it might. I usually have mine with 2 scoops of choc ON whey, so that masks the taste pretty well.    If u blend them the oil floating at the top is a non-issue at all.
I've inputted ur stats on tdeecalculator. U need to eat around 2500 kcal. 3000 kcal is overkill for someone who's just starting. You've gained 2lb per week which is double than what's recommended on the FAQ.
Thatz not the point /u/xianzx was trying to make. Its the poor choice of words. Nevertheless everyone is safe. My cousin was on board. That's what the pilot said.
What makes u think u won't puke bought mass gainers? Taste is extremely subjective unlike home made ones where u can control the contents.    Also, i dislike adding too much oats they somehow end up making my shake gooey af. Instead put fruits in them, sweet fruits. Berries and bananas. 2 cups of full cream milk and 2 tablespoons of olive oil. Blend. U won't taste the oil. Easy 700 calories.
TBH i also use machines to 'finish off' my workouts...but however for the heavier ones i always use free weights.
Don't fret....i got struck in the jaw with a football so now it hurts af to bite down. Might have bruised a tendon so yeah great start for me too!
That's good enough... at least once a year we sure kena cold one to reset our antibody. Still, its quite the achievement to not MC.
I kena from my boss also la. But it's my own doing also. Lol
Can be malaysian as well.    Am malaysian and we use la a lot.
Any place with shisha. Used to watch games religiously in college. Now lazy dah. Livescore only.
I find making stews the easiest. Dump all ingredients into a crock pot. Let it sit. Once cooked, just slap on some rice with them and ur done.
Im gonna try with some of the suggestions here first. I think its more of poor personal hygiene than an underlying medical issue.
