My attitude is not a problem, fuck you for saying that... *sigh* /s.
I actually have a bind to switch right click from crouch and secundary fire, I literally never use the fucking awp lol.  Also all pistols in cs and css had 250 movement, even the deagle iirc.
[Then you will love this](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=NZm0EBN0RZ8)  There was a better map which on the vid lasted aprox 15 mins but I'm too lazt to search it honestly.
Yeah by "circle strafe" I ment strafe jumping, for some reason used a really old name I heard on it.  Also I do still think tf2 rocketjumping is harder than strafe jumping and I never really got into it on quake and just learned it to the level of being 100% efficient on maps.  On cod4 though I fucking loved it on [cod4](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zF3qy_s6_a4) though. Also I just realized every single game I got into has strafing, damn.
Ah. Explosions on the source engine.  Since I'm a roamer on tf2 I'll try and exlpain it. So bassicly explosions in the source engine work in the way that they don't do wallbang, so bassicly there can be a smal ledge (literally can be 1 cm) and if your explosive lands on the corner of that ledge anything behind that ledge will not take any damage.   This whole thing is not related to your clip though, the thing just bugged under the stairs for some reason and you can see it on the last few frames.
I can't even stairstab on pubs, like fuck.  I will stick to airshots n shit.
Atleast you got 5x gold LOL. Also looked at your history since I remember your name on dayz reddit before, you are shadowbanned there for the looks of it dude.
Want to play it? I have it installed so I'm up for it.  Also Battlefield 2 is f2p now.
I remember playing ctr and never understanding why it presicely happened. That game was fun though, been actually thinking of running it.
I'm personally one of the rare cases that at 1600 hours I haven't spent a single cent in the game (or in steam after 6 years, still got the games I wanted atleast) so I have no attachment to games except for hours played and I normally bursh them off since I know I can get better at other games. After trying Dota for the 50 hours like I said the level of smurfs and blaming there was going around was huge with the added intentional feeding to the side, that added with the number of items (Actives!) and overwhelming at first number of heros and shit is just really hard to get into. Also the LoL player have put some much time in learning the game that to switch to another one is almost impossible unless the game is dead (like cod4, I miss that game :/). The Dota barrier of entry makes this even worse than it should be honestly. Csgo is the same deal but atleast it has the bonus that it's a fps.
Makes me remember the 6s elitist on TF2, they didn't like change and looked down to everybody who accepted it. Thing is that it's kind of justified to some point cuz before this year every change made in the game was horrible for comp and broke the game so it got black-listed lol. Also now I just realized I've never really shown anything from tf2 and I mention it a lot since it's my fav game huh. Might aswell show something from the class [I play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNYVip5d9_A), the only reason I chose this vid is because of the play at 2:32, oh and the rocket at 2:54 which misses actually airshots a sniper which is pretty funny.
Yeah, it's not that bad though. I'm personally used to it since in the fps genre before it was so popular, no idea why though.
Holy fuck you're actually from NA. I thought every Dota player was on EU or something, fuck!  Sure I'll add you dude.
Yeah I do know, it's still interesting that somebody was uh... Horny? Enough to do them. I actually find the video but I'm not sure if I'm allowed to post it.
I underestimate a lot of shit lately honestly.
God fuck IB, left my IB school this year. Shit is useless where I live and doesn't leave you any free time + the school starts looking at you as just a grade, they don't help shit on lower grades students and exort the higher grade students to participate on every single fucking thing that the school wants them to or they make their life impossible. Also I won't even start with the over-importance that they add on sports. Kids on private schools over here are going mental on the last year and then just drop out of uni and leave everything behind, some have suicided IN school and others have picked up drugs. Even though I have gone to the uk because of it and seen this happening over there it's horrible on the top tiers. Also I won't even start with the number of depression and individuality.  It's fucking bullshit. I'm amazed my sister went through with it but she loves studying so I guess that helped her.
Oh god dude, you fucked up on selecting shit. Atleast we don't have a problem on spanish over here since we actually speak it, but learning it? You're fucked.  I just wish families weren't as demanding with grades on IB, saw one too many kids just ruining their lifes just because they were so presured at home, hope you are not one of them dude &lt;3. Also sorry if I'm over speaking with that, it's just a close subject to me since a really close friend almost died because of the stress of IB.  I'm just glad I left that school and I'm on a much more chill one now, I know I can get a bright future without the IB nightmare.
Yeah I never want to take it again, it's easy, but too time consuming and I don't enjoy that, I love games and doing random shit and I'm not going to be able to do that as much when I'm on uni or working. Might aswell enjoy my time with something than later regret it.  Also from the little trip I had to NA due to physics (just a school trip, can't even remember what it was for since I just fucked around), the IB over there must be even worse.
I should really ignore all the hots "players" post from now on.  The stupidness is getting even to me, holy shit.
On NA though? I never even heard of Dota and I rarely even do now.  It's always, I'm going to go play LoL/cs/cod/wow/diablo/poe/hs/tf2/smash and that's it. Unless the guy played the original Dota I never in my life heard of it. Now on EU I would hear about it much more often.
I'm fucked then, I have no Dreamcast or xbox and I'm just a poor teen.  Rip my ass.
When did I say I have that mindset? I don't mind playing against smurfs since I know I will learn something. I'm putting myself in the shoes of a new player, should they really go through all the shit I went through? Out of context, I sound like a melodramatic teen on that line.  Like I said, game is fun and addictive if you get into it, but if the new player is detered from even starting by countless bashing/afks/trolls how is he supposed to fall in love with the game?
Why should he go through that though? I literally expirienced 1 of the three almost every single game on the first 30 ish hours if playing alone.  30 hours are a lot to tough through and why would he do it if csgo/lol/tf2hopefullynowprettypls are availible? Csgo and LoL deal with smurfs/afks/trolls to some extent one way or another.  Again this is if we were completly new players which is what a game grows from.
I was so happy then crushed, goddamnit dude :(.
Haha no problem. I would love to be able to play that game though, looks like good fun.  Makes me remember the arcade version of Fast and furious which was stupid good for arcade racing... Game is not avilible anywhere else though...
When did I say E-Sports was not important though?  I'm only saying LoL and CSGO helped bring E-Sports on the spotlight on NA and even SA.
Oh come on dude out of all the games you can call shit on don't do it on smite. They have a pretty fair business model for being so small the gameplay is pretty good and ot fills a niche. I don't see why we should shit-talk them.  Also the community from my expirience is pretty nice. Leave the game alone they deserve that much.
It's pretty easy to climb if you get your mind into, my first season of serious ranked I got to challenger in 4 ish months. Just try and learn from every game and analyze every single game.  Game knowledge is one of the most important things and it will let you decide fucking everything you do, just try and learn everything and check out LastShadow on youtube to learn even more and what you could change. Watching that guy boosted me from d5 to masters easy.
I'm on LAS sadly so I doubt you can add me, dropped to D1 recently due to decay but feel free to check me out on [op.gg](http://las.op.gg/summoner/userName=moondawg1) or [Steam](http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023401240/)  I mostly play adc though (and the occasional graves/lucian jungle).
Uh started on the ends of s2, ranked at the ends of s3 and ended on silver2 after going 8-2 then on s4 got to d5 under 100 wins and now on s5 I got here.  Also ty dude.
I thought she was 16 dude...
Is that IcyColdStare :o!  Now on a serious note, how can you even comment now with that being almost every response?
Derped out for a second on the warhammr, excuse me on that.  Anyways, I'm too tired to put my thoughts into words but I'll give it a last shot. Seal on lucian is useless, the build you described on mf makes it so you're extremly vulnerable during the times you buy items it's extremly expensive on single items and on higher tier games you don't have the time to get that gold almost never. Mid is normally pressured pre 13 so the spike of reaver is needed due to waveclear (this is where mana comes handy) and you can feel the other slots you have with a pink or any other combat stat. If you are allowed to farm that long then your build is most likely better. Hope it was clear, but if not I'm too tired to care anyways.
I'm dipping to 40 on teamfights if baron is included with a shit ton of minions, if not I'm normally on 90(I'm also on 1920x1080). This is still not levels of tf2 framedrops though. 6v6 mid fight on that game I drop from 400 to 120.   Still LoL optimization is horrible.
I have one with every adc except draven and quinn.
You may have better chances buying one, gl though. I would play on korea too if it wasn't because of ping rip.
3+ minutes? I wish I had that. Over here it's 20+ minutes on challenger if you're past 12 pm. Atleast I finished one punch man.
D1 (ex challenger fking decay) player here, can confirm what /u/Thulack said. I only have 600 ish normals vs over 800 ranked, I constantly get paired vs silvers and golds who have over 1k normals. Almost everybody on high elo doesn't play normals, it's pretty boring honestly.
You just need to learn about LoL, use summoner school, lastshadow on youtube and read the wiki every on e in a while (didnyou know a cannon spawns every wave after 35 mins? Or that red buff also gives you hp/5? Shit like this givea you an edge).   I would coach you myself but I'm too time restrained with scrims and shit.
I hope they do. Easiest answer is to make soloq one thing and dynamic another (aka different mmr and ranking for both).  I honeslty just want to pick my role before champ select, that is all.
I think like 52%. I fuck around a lot
It does happen, just not that much of a difference. I was testing it out with a friend who plays at 800x600 vs me that I'm on 1920x1080. I would say I had like 8 cms of screen over him or so (to one side or another).
Yeah that was me. Just wanted to know from where the term comes from since I never heard it since I come from an fps background.
Blue ez uses auto q, I've never in my life have seen a good blue ez who only or mostly uses q. He doesn't have damage if he only uses Q.
&gt; By the way. The Old Sion thing is absolute bullshit. The ult was strong only in numbers in practice it was garbage because he was so easily kiteble.  You're forgetting that almost no champions back then had a dash/jump/blink/etc, hell Graves and Ez were like the gods of mobility. AD sion iirc was nerfed several times and then ap sion came through. Also skill level of players was pretty bad back then, adc's couldn't even kite properly.  &gt; Also Taric's spells actually synergize a lot, they are all melee range and refresh on AA  Can't argue with the refresh on AA. I used to have a good argument on why Taric has been this wierdly tied champion, I can't remember it though since it's been such a long time since the last time I talked about this guy. If I remember it I'll message you again and see what your opinion is on it.
Huh, it's actually not a passive. For some reason I remember it being one.  The heal used to be much stronger though, I think it was nerfed on s2. Not 100% sure though and I'm too lazy to check wiki atm.
Yeah I do remember about janna and ashe. Ali wasn't used as much though because people didn't know about the combo until late s1 I bealive.  The thing about AD sion is that on lvl 6 nobody could fucking kill the thing 1v1 and that made him a bloody nightamre. Also the lifesteal was pretty good in teamfights. I really won't talk much about sion since it was so long ago and I'm too lazy to search wiki.
http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198023401240/ Don't play cs at all anymore but I still do wonder. Also this picture hasn't been touched for over 5 years now (and I wasn't even the guy who put this picture).
My DH on d3 agrees with you. Also HS is the living proof of this lol.
It's a DMR sub, there is nothing we can do about this. Just ignore the guy and move on. Also I've never seen that guy on DMR.  Also I'm a LoL player here, it's just nice to have a civil argument with most of the users here. Hell I've only been called a peasant once (if you exclude heartless) so honestly it's pretty rare. Gl on the future.
