I wear one on my indoor trainer. Just in case.
I rode a smaller one, once... About a 36-40 inch wheel, maybe? No matter if you're used to fixies and not coasting, or riding tall bikes, it's still weird. When you take a turn, your legs/hips have to flex to follow the wheel and not stay perpendicular to the frame, like they normally do.  Also, wheelies are really fucking hard.
I'll throw this out there, but I don't know if there's a separate set of steps for a 1x set up. The standard way of checking is to wrap the chain around the two largest cogs without looping through the derailleur. Add two whole links, and there you go, perfect chain length. With a 1x, it sends like the logic would be just as sound. The front D doesn't offer any pull on the chain, so not having one shouldn't affect it at all.   Perhaps your b-limit screw isn't set correctly? That adjusts the angle of the dangle of your derailleur. If it's set too slack, there might be some slap when you're in a smaller cog.   I just recently set up a 1x for road riding, and I used that method to set my chain length, with no problems. There might be someone out there with better answers for you.
Is that at Sheetz? I love ordering food without talking to people.
That sounds awesome. More so than my old shop's grease trap method. That thing filled fast, smelled bad, and was hell to clean.
They look like mine, except my toes are more sequentially sized.
I've cycled (no pun intended) through almost every handlebar style... Flats, bullhorns, moustache, shallow risers... But I always come back to the drops! They just work so perfectly.
For me, (and what I think is common practice) is that you spend most of your time on the hoods. That means that your drop bars are working similarly to bullhorns, if you've got a good set up of brakes and bars and they are positioned correctly.   The drops are used, but not for most of your time riding. Instead, they are used for descents and any other situation in which being aerodynamic is more important than being comfortable... I find myself in the drops for good stretches of slight downgrade or flats into headwinds.  That means that, if my saddle is set right, it doesn't need to be changed, no matter what bars I'm using.   With flat bars, you get one choice of hand position. With bullhorns, you get two major choices. Drops give you three: on the flat, on the hoods, and in the drops. That's why they're so appealing, at least to me.
I use [this knot](http://www.fieggen.com/shoelace/secureknot.htm) on my scrub pants and boots. Super fast and secure, once you get the hang of it.
"Y'all." In all honesty, that's something love about being southern. Y'all can mean one person, an indefinite amount of people, the whole room with you... And it's gender neutral.
Cook when you can, camp when you can. That will save money on food and places to stay. Some of those places even have showers and such.  Sometimes, (and I'm not condoning this), if you show up sort of late to a campsite, you can sneak in, sleep, and roll out the next morning without paying. Cooking can be trickier, but pb&amp;j's in the car are better than McDonald's. Maybe a camping stove and easily prepared meals at a roadside stop instead of a restaurant?  As far as going east or west... The east coast is a whole lot of tiny and densely packed towns. The nature aspect is very green and lush. Also, in the summer, it's a lot more temperate. West will get you huge expanses of desert areas, Badlands, long drives with nothing but rare tiny towns... But the sky at night can be the most star-packed night you'll ever see. Huge huge skylines! And the Rockies. Past the Rockies, a little more desert, then you're in the Pacific northwest, where the trees are massive. Unless you go into southern California, and it's expensive and packed with cities, but temperate and sunny.   I love travelling to all parts of America, for all these different reasons.
Be forewarned: I'm not going to ride in the gutter. I will also scoot left for big lumps, sewer grates, broken glass, loose gravel, babies, kittens, and left turns.   But I try to be as accommodating as I can, respecting that each person in a car is a different driver. One jerk doesn't mean I get to piss off every other driver.
There are a couple of models I've worked under in different facilities. They come as compete packages, with verbal and physical training. I don't know if you're in a position to purchase the training, but you can certainly look into them.   [CPI/NVCI (Crisis Prevention Intervention, Nonviolent Crisis Intervention)](http://www.crisisprevention.com/). Used this one in a youth shelter and as a psych tech. It models escalation around a "kite" idea, with levels of escalation and how to address each one.  The physical portion is fairly intuitive and sensible.   Right now, the shelter where I work uses [Satori Learning's SAMA model.](http://satorilearning.com/sama-description.html). Personally, I liked the CPI model verbal deescalation, but SAMA's physical holds. CPI addresses how you physically present to someone as they heighten, SAMA has a general script to use when speaking. SAMA's holds are great for kids, as they aren't physically uncomfortable for them, if done right.   Having learned both, my personal way has turned into a mishmash. Hope that's kinda helpful.
If they liked the same smells we did, that would never explain why my dog constantly sniffs my cat's ass.
I was actually going to ask what kind of rack that was *because* it's so far up. I think because I'm a tall dude, my heels always hit the bottom of panniers. I know raising them might throw off balance, but it's hard to use them otherwise.
It does for me. I had to rewind to catch the intro jokes on Futurama.
We were working in the $3k range as well. Outdoor ceremony, made all the food ourselves, friends as DJ's, and the bar didn't charge us for hosting the reception. I think we spent the most on drink tickets and food/picnic supplies.  It was awesome and perfect for everyone involved.
I was imagining some ears that looked like my friends... I know folks that had to have theirs removed because they stretched too far, and the middle of the bottom died and broke. THAT'S intense. Yours, on the other hand, aren't any worse than mine. People sometimes take months before they notice anything odd about them.  I've settled on the way they look now, and nothing is cheaper than just having your attitude adjusted!
It's true. Google a few pictures of "factory farms" and see where it hits you in the feels.   Are all egg/milk production facilities like that? No, but you pay a premium for free-range and exploitation free products.   Also, vegans consider the argument that humans are the only animal on the planet that drinks another's milk after being weaned, and that dairy milk is designed to help calves grow into cows, putting on tons of weight and mass. This is waaaaay more weight than humans put on during growth.  There's a lot more to it, but that's just a starter bit of info. Source: former vegetarian/vegan.
Long story. The condensed version is: I like experiences and experimenting. I wanted to broaden my horizons food-wise, and that's hard to do when you exclude so much from your diet. I certainly don't give a fuck about eating McDonalds, but I did want to sample other culture's foods without restraint.
All math aside, what phones are you buying at $700 a pop? It might be more phone than you need... Do a little research, as smart phones are pushing the more budget-conscious models out there. I bought my moto g a few months ago at just under $300, and I have had no complaints from a performance standpoint.  I can skip things like a fingerprint sensor in exchange for battery life, since having it run the whole day for work is important.   There are a few brands out there with similar offerings. It's certainly worth a little reading to save a couple hundred bucks!  Of course, we'll have to see how long this one lasts. My Galaxy G2 made it through a few years.
We have multiple Korean restaurants here, aside from the hipster beards, food trucks, craft beer and the occasional old man riding a bike in a banana hammock.   He'll be fine.
True. Infant nails are like tiny razors. I've been scratched on the face, and it stings! Despite child care training, though, I have not heard of babies specifically choking on those mittens. Some onesies have them built in, though, just like the footie bits.
I witnessed a kid at work sliding his spaghetti onto the floor, then picking up noodles off of the floor to eat. Apparently asking "why are you eating floor spaghetti?" is worth a few tears.   Two days ago, another kid was crying her eyes out because the other kids "wouldn't leave her alone" from the opposite side of the gym. They weren't even acknowledging her existence at all.
My memory is a little hazy, but we toured through Buffalo in the late 90's. Played a garage show with some band that was "I-something-cide." Supposedly, dudes from that band went on to be in I Object, but I can't find anything to corroborate that online.   We went to Niagara Falls the next day. It was cool.
Yeah, those memory foam shoes are a rip. Even though they are light and comfy, they are still not very tough.   Everyone's feet are different, but I do think there are stores that lean towards "higher end" footwear that isn't fashion forward. Places that sell brands like Mephisto, Ecco, Keen... places that will measure your feet like they used to do.  Some brands also have models that offer lifetime warranties.   I purchased a pair of low-profile styled Keen's a few years ago to wear as a hospital tech. On my feet for 10 of my 12 hour shifts, and they still hold together today. I don't wear them when I do things that require sneakers (like pushing around on my skateboard or riding my bike), but I wear them at work to look nice and stay comfy. They certainly have outlasted any sneaker I owned.
Are you planning on riding with a belt? I made myself a belt loop holster for my u lock. With a couple of fabric rivets and a chunk of old belt, you could do the same. It rides really flat against my waist when the lock is out, so it's not obtrusive.   When I ride in Lycra (hence no belt), I don't bring a lock, mostly because my rides of that nature are loops back home.
I just really like the onion cranker machine.  Nobody else has one!
When my dog barks in his sleep, it's cute. When my wife barks in her sleep, it's fuckin' weird, man.
Summers in Texas are pretty brutal so I took to wearing a cycling jersey and changing into a regular shirt at work, post baby-wipe on the pits. I worked in a place where I was allowed to wear shorts, though.   I also kept a complete outfit (down to skivvies and socks) at work at all times, in case of sudden downpour.
Oh, Lil Bub. I wish my dumb looking cat made me famous enough to meet someone like [Robert De Niro.](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02659/Tribeca_2659149b.jpg)  She is using her fame to support awesome causes, like the Exotic Feline Rescue Center, where this gif was most likely shot.  By the way, that cat is a girl.
Man,  I got THREE splats on the ride home the other night.  Made the mistake of rolling right through a grackle wonderland and paid the price.  I thought it was totally bad luck...  Until today,  when I ate it on some light rail tracks and tacoed my wheel,  ripped my jacket,  and sprained my wrist.    Mondays,  for real.
As a cyclist, I check out other cyclist's calves. They are kinda like the biceps of your legs.  I get jealous of a good set of calves.   Checking out quads is weird, though.
I like the idea of thrift stores, but be careful about thrifting IKEA stuff. It's generally not sturdy enough to take a beating.   When thrifting, go ahead and look for things made of real solid wood or metal. Older items can be painted up to give them a modern feel.   I don't know if they are everywhere, but I used to live in a college town and the college had a surplus store. Essentially it was selling off older items as campus was refurbished. I scored some 7 foot tall solid bookshelves for around $20 each. They also had really solid desks and workbenches, and older office chairs.   Also, where I live, we have to watch out for bed bugs...
43? At least 40. I know I haven't been to New Hampshire, Hawaii,  Utah (other than flight layovers),  West Virginia...  I haven't traveled extensively in a while,  so the memory is fuzzy.
This is a great idea.  My two past phones have been a moto g3 (rip)  and now the moto g4 plus.  They do not have all the bells and whistles of a flagship phone,  but i spent less than $700 on both of them.  No contracts,  no monthly payments for them,  and I don't feel like I'm sacrificing anything they I need a phone to do.
This doesn't feel old to me, since I was in high school when the wall came down.   Of course, I feel old in general, so...
Tricks? Nah, you need *habits*. Good sleep habits will get you zzzz's on a regular basis.  Habits like: don't eat too soon before bed. Limit electronics time before bed. Figure out how many hours you need to get caffeine out of your​ system, and don't drink anything in that time period.  Reasonable hydration, but don't chug before bed. I like reading books or my Kindle as that's more relaxing than television. I also like white noise or some drone style binaural beats for mediation to drown out city sounds.  If you have the luxury, set exact times and motions that you can go through every night to get your body set on a regular schedule.   Sleepy time teas, melatonin, Valerian extract or pills are all helpful if the behaviors alone aren't helping. Benadryl (diphenhydramine) can help knock you out and the hot pink pills are the same as Zzzqyl.  Other people mentioned weed, and I found that high cbd strains versus high thc strains are great for body relaxation... High THC can actually make you more anxious. This may vary wildly for different people, and also it's hard to shop in places where it's not legal.
I'll throw zenni.com into the mix as well. I've used them for about 5 pairs so far, and have had no problems. I too have fairly bad eyesight, so there is a level in which you'll get a mark-up for extra thick lenses, but it is still hundreds cheaper than going to the eye doctor.
I found a copy of this on CD while dumpster diving during university trash week (the post-move out dump after graduation...). It was a great find.
Insomnia. Or working third shift. Both have their drawbacks.
Bells had made it to distributors in Texas just one month before we moved here to Seattle. Those few weeks were full of Two Hearted.   I feel your pain. There's good beer around, but not having access to Bell's or 3 Floyds makes me sad.
I eat mine right-side up, but put it on my plate upside-down.   When buns are sliced, they consider something called the "shred line." It's there point on a bun where, if sliced any lower, the bread would just shred and crumble.
That's cute, but man... I don't know about every bearded dragon, but mine hates those little fruit cereal looking foods. Also, those are way too big for that tiny guy to eat.   I hope they get better food! Maybe you could buy that little buddy and feed him right! Beardies are great!
Yellow Ford Mustang. License plate: WU STANG.
Gotcha! I know that the flowers are the stuff in my bowl, but I'm a total noob on terminology.
Dear kids,   If you're going to break the law, try and only break one at a time. If you're transporting drugs and alcohol (especially across state lines), for fuck's sale drive sober and slowly.   Sincerely,   A grown-up.
I don't actually know a lot about this model, especially since it has an external 12v power supply with an XLR connection.   I'm currently looking for any links to manuals or leads on cheaper power supplies! I found replacement belts on eBay already, but the AC adapters are kinda expensive for something that might not work.
Happy Pride from Seattle!
Towards the back, there's a little foot peg. You just jog a little to get up to speed, use the peg and jump up to the seat.   It's sort of like getting on and off a tall bike. I rode a smaller high-wheeler like that once, and starting and stopping isn't the hardest part. The hardest part is getting used to the front wheel turning, which makes your legs and hips go with it. It feels crazy!
