Hey I live in WA too but western.   I drove 6 hours to record that and it was totally worth it.
I have that model they are pretty rock solid.  There is a camera that points down just to help it maintain position.  You can literally grab it by the landing gear, pull on it, let it go, and it will return to it's position like nothing happened. (unless of course you hit a prop)
Who's supposed to be rowing?  I don't know not me!.. Me either!.. I rowed last time!
you are my daughter.. and because of that I will keep you close in case we run into trouble and need a human sacrifice.
Sorry man no wheelchair access to the Red Keep.
[PTSD triggered](http://i.imgur.com/lBfr4pq.jpg)
I redid it from the patent images without the watermark.  http://i.imgur.com/9NxDE9J.jpg
What is with Americans... Here in the UK  /circlejerk on
I come here to see what the latest evidence for theism is.   If someone finally appears with any I will gladly switch my beliefs.   I honestly wish there was something after death but my brain will not accept it without evidence.   And no the christian bible is not evidence proving itself to be true.
Just finishing ADwD is what got me thinking about it.   [ADwD](#s "They definitely thought he has kings blood in the book but with Sam and Gilly still at the wall who knows what happened to that plot.")
Right there with ya.   I found the best solution is distraction and a hedonistic lifestyle.   I want to enjoy as many of the good things possible during this short time.    Nothing helps me resolve facing oblivion in my mind other than trying to accept the fact it will be the same as before I was born or like never waking from a dreamless sleep
Grappling launch to wingsuit flight.  Why?  Just cause I can.
thanks for the reply.  Yeah I thought it was a bit slow too but I couldn't speed the shots up without making the falls look weird.  Shorter clips may be the ticket along with closer higher risk shots.
Reminds me of the first time I got laid and her parents walked in on us.
Thanks for the replies everyone we are currently waiting for the call.   It should be sometime today and I am staying with her so she won't be alone either way.    Hopefully good news is coming.
Well we got the call back and it's bad with some good.   She does have cancer and it's the apparently less common Invasive Lobular Carcinoma.  Unknown at this time if the lymph nodes are involved.  The good part (i think) is its smaller than we thought at 13mm but they rated it as grade 3 which is also bad.  At least we know what we are dealing with now I guess.
No surgery yet she just had the ultrasound and biopsy last Wednesday with the results Monday and is going for a MRI on the 29th.   I am hoping the MRI will show it's contained if that is even possible.
Of all the forum reading I had done in previous seasons I was shocked I had not run across it by accident.   I did get the show spoiled though by finishing the books just before ep 9.
Personally, I hate nothing more than when they do an acoustic version of a heavy song I wanted to hear live at full force.
Thanks for the reply and good luck with your situation.  She is going to a MRI tomorrow so hopefully we will know more.
I was sure from the title this was going to be one of those.
thanks this is my new goal in the game
&gt;  I don't think I'm going to make it through the week  Apparently you're not the only one.
This is me too.   I love the weird looks I get at the grocery store when I buy 4 12 packs of soda and several bags of groceries yet manage to fit them on my bike somehow for the ride home.
At least the Leet Dog tat came out ok
The practice continues today I was on one of the Disney cruise ships a couple of years ago and it had 2 smoke stacks but only one of them was used.  The other was a video game room.
Supervisors on vacation this week.
I agree 90's cars are the best of everything.  You get reliability over 200k most of the time and they are still simple enough to work on yourself.   If it breaks too bad junk it and buy another.   The newest vehicle I own is a 2000 and it has the most problems out of them all.
Plenty here in WA
but I get free shipping with Amazon prime
Yay a fellow '79er.  Ill trade ya my tail lights for a good pair of trailing arms. :)
I have made my own burritos that look similar when opened.   What should they look like?
Since Rush isn't touring anymore I voted for Waters and Gilmore.    I would fly to Rio to see that happen.
I used it (probably wrong) to mean he would have died from his wounds if he wasn't immediately treated with life saving methods.    The story is he was brought before Robert nearly dead (most likely unconscious) and Robert provided his personal Maester to save his life.
Thanks I got $10-25 apparently coming from 10 years ago  Edit: My mom has something they claim is over $100 from before I was born and I'm old
Seattle area here with 1 hour minimum commute each way if I pay a $10 toll.  Twice that without paying.   Yes, some  people here pay up to $400 a month to save commute time.
I need someone to analyze my family history and tell me what cultures I am allowed take from.
I just realized the circus would probably be more rewarding and pay more than my current position.
I am The Hound, destroyer of fan theories
The 98 Battlezone that combined perfectly RTS and FPS.  There is a remaster of it that was released recently but I made the mistake of also buying Kerbal Space Program at the same time.   It may be a while before I play it.
Voila, anxiety
I couldn't even get them to retrieve my stolen camera lens posted on craigs list being white.   My guess is your dad needs to be the cop for this to happen.
Must be nice mine are 11 or so if I add in my commute for 8 hours of pay.
I don't know about the book but I am near the same age and seriously considering doing what he did.
Yay another phobia to add to my growing list thanks to reddit
As a guitar player I think I would rather lose an eye than a hand.  I could still see with one and it would give me an excuse to wear a eye patch.
I'm ok guys.. http://i.imgur.com/eV9J1z7.png
I know it's grown on cantaloupe but is it really that easy?  Cool if so.   Edit: googing around apparently it is and you can also grow it on oranges and bread.
[I need to pee first!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mercury-Redstone_3#Flight)
I was born too late for the first round and too early for the 2nd.
