I only worked there for two weeks, during which he talked to me twice before, once on the very first day, and once in the middle asking when I was taking my breaks (I staggered with the other guy)
First day: "Hello you will be working here", shows me sub boss, who was apologetic when he escorted me out but didn't do shit.  Other day: "When are you taking your breaks? How many breaks are you taking?" (i'll admit I took 3 breaks instead of the mandated two on another day(5 mins long), but again we were far ahead of quota and the guy I worked with was fine with it)  He said when he fired me "Don't give me this horseshit", "I don't care", "Escort him off the premises", and "I don't want to see him here"  I wasn't doing anything badly, on Tuesday I set a company record for fabricating a certain part, exceeding quota by 150 parts.  He didn't give me any feedback besides the vague "well done" and threatening to fire me.
Well fuck. I did tell CECA what the ex-boss said to me, so I hope they'll take at least some action in expunging the record.
Oh, well.   I was upset when I got fired, then angry as all hell when I was driving home. Now I just don't give a shit anymore.
Yeah I sent them an email soon after I was fired, and left a voicemail. I'll try calling again monday.  I'm actually reasonably sure the guy who fired me(he's low level, but the most senior around on Friday evenings) even remembered that I was a coop, not a temp, and he just fired me for whatever reason.  Thanks
It's okay, like I said in another thread  I was upset when I got fired, then angry as all hell when I was driving home. Now I just don't give a shit anymore.
I sent an email to HR lady who hired me, she's nice, but she wasn't at work.  At this point I just don't want whatever shit that supervisor writes in my review to be on my jobmine record.
To all the people asking me to out the company: thank you, but there are a number of other coops still working there and I don't want to rock their boat as well.  I spoke casually to a lawyer acquaintance of mine and he estimated fees that makes me disinclined to actually pursue legal action...
Hello,  I will give an update on what has happened.  So after a lot of three-way back-and-forth between the Company, me, and CECA their HR called me in for a meeting to 'get the facts'. So I went in for the meeting with a fully concilatory and apologetic tone, shook the guy's hand, apologized for questioning him as a superior and as a elder, and generally fell on my sword, because you know, co-op.  That was on Thursday. Today I get a call from HR stating that "we stand by our supervisor's decision" etc etc and basically yes you're fired. Presumably no action was taken against the old-timer.  I haven't heard back from CECA yet- for those curious the company is Bend All Automotive.
I deferred for multiple years. You need to write a letter explaining the reason for your deferment, and they will take it up with the admissions committee and give you an answer. They expect you to accept the offer first, though. Deferments of less than 2 years are fine, more are tricky, but I got mine approved.
ye  so i'll go to sushi kaji
Fuck its cold
I didn't live in UW residences, but I did live in dorms  Yes, alarms disturb you, especially if it's a clock-type and loud as hell, or a really annoying song on repeat. I tossed the former across the room and it never disturbed us again  Also jesus christ be tidy
No, I have All seasons and I've managed thus far  Been snowed in like once
Me too famiglia
When nature calls, I'm not driving home
I didnt
Ok, I misspoke, I /think/ they're scam, but that's because I'm fob and all independent jewellers and watch stores are scam
I'd like to come, but I have classes :v  RADM Hopper is a top person too
International student tuition numbers are available in the UW engineering website, there's also a budget tool that allows you to calculate average monthly expenses outside of school-I'm not a baller, but. I live an OK lifestyle with around $1000 a month, but that includes gas and parking and shit for my car and other disposables like food and entertainment, not fixed expenses necessarily
M80 u kno frosh sucked   12AM Popeye &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; frosh week
Work in loo and see your friends every day
What makes you think we left?  I had stuff to do fam
I'm a children, give me joy
&gt;Apply for job  &gt;Wait for interview announcements  &gt;Go for interviews  &gt;Wait for ranking to open  &gt;Rank  &gt;Wait for ranking results to come out  &gt;"I have job, yay" or "I have job, oh no"  The End
My place  not for rent
tl;Dr, will submit 50 resumes
Talk to UW and Mac and find out if Co-op/PD/WR marks will show up on your transcript or academic history  If it does, then I would advise you to stick it out, or get medical help to justify leaving  If not, do whatever   Does your current workplace start with B or N?
ur bag has more pockets than mine desu
I'm not looking down on labourers, factory workers, farmers or the like-my point was that these jobs generally aren't related to one's degree. The reason CECA gives for listing these jobs are the reasons you state, but tbh you can make the narrative that they listed those jobs instead of just telling you to go work somewhere to pad their stats.  I worked before, I had to take a foundational because I was really dumb during continuous, but tbh working in a factory was rather annoying-I did my job well, but setting an all-time production record on my 8th day just to be shittalked to by some rando trash about not being some automaton was quite hurtful, my inflated ego or no
I don't know about you fam, but I don't make ramen with ramen sides and ramen soup so cooking takes my quite a bit longer than 15 mins  Besides, if people are willing and able to spend $600-odd a month on outside food then more power to them, they're stimulating their local economy
&gt;lowkey slip the hostess a $20 to get your party seated as soon as possible lol   I should do this  how do I do this I don't know how to bribe
DM me :)
I want to go to Israel, Israel seems cool-exchange would be nice  Pls don't kil relations
That's the only thing in the 'skills' section of my resume tho
Originally when I came to do NS I had no Singapore residence, and allowances were made for me to stay in on weekends during BMT-I would be allowed to book out with the Coy, and book in every night before 2359H-meals were also indented and I was expected to report to DS every few hours or so in the day if I was in on weekends. I gather they had SOP for this, so it wasn't that bad-there was a circular sent out informing neighbouring coys of this. I found a place so I never had to actually do this  Same thing can be arranged for anyone else in bmt, school, or unit really. If you're sick ATTN C in bunk, if you're really sick go to SGH/CGH
I use [these](http://www.amazon.ca/gp/aw/d/B002LRS4N0/ref=mp_s_a_1_35?qid=1453697625&amp;sr=8-35&amp;pi=AC_SX220_SY330_QL65&amp;keywords=Kokuyo+campus&amp;dpPl=1&amp;dpID=416FnbxLo-L&amp;ref=plSrch) buy them on sale they're great
Thanks  I always love to visit kebab house
u wot m8  Im not guy who leave dishes in sink for week
I've half-assed 1 EC
I'm with Bel Air, roughly the same circumstances, $2040
'According to them', but there's no way to prevent the transponder from transmitting whenever they ping without them finding out, and I value my privacy more than whatever miniscule discount they offer for recording my movements, which will be promptly cancelled out when they start bleating about how I like to drive around at night which is 'unsafe' somehow
wo de jiji bu tai da, bu tai xiao
aw I didn't get around to trying the place, now its gone
It's a folder not a file if this garners me any sympathy
I thought standing outside with me was fun for u :&lt;
xiaomei?  wo mei you meimei ah
I am gooderurururururu
All of you are jelly you didn't get offers from WeMesh and you're all banned from every talking to me or my satya ever again - wememe
Remember lads no matter how many times you make awkward comments on a Frosh's intro post she won't date you
