I have those same boxers. They are Christmas themed superman underwear
I live in North Dakota I see about 1 Chinese person per year. I don't actually believe that Chinese people shit on the ground I was just going along with the shit I always hear on reddit haha. Come to think of it I've seen 4 people shitting outside and they've all been white
Ahem I masturbate to my globe every single day and my racial tolerance has never been higher. So you don't know what you're talking about
Maybe if you had a parent who wasn't there for things like that it would be easier to sympathize
Montana?
Idk what I just did but that was really hard for my brain to do
Neat! Ah ok give me 10-15 min I've never won this before
Haha no I was just taking a shot in the dark... Was I close at least?
I'll try n find one quick
I had my phone all the way up and I had to hold the speaker up to my ear to hear what he said. He spoke clearly but the mic wasn't close enough to him
sometimes at my Walmart I can find a cart that has all 4 wheels
You were still in school towards the end of June? That must have been rough, I was always done with class late May or early June
Ah I remember the early days in like 6th grade when I would finish and immediately apologize to God because I felt like such a pile of crap with no self control. Then I would jerkoff again 20 minutes later and repeat the process.
One time I was playing hockey with my older brothers friends and one of his friends was being really rough with me and trying to start stuff. Eventually he slammed me into the boards and hurt me pretty bad. While I was still laying on the ice my older brother held his face to the ground by me until He apologized then he made him help me up. That is one of many stories I have of my brother protecting me, I'm sorry your older siblings weren't the same way.
Haha people from places other than Canada play hockey.. And if we were Canadian none of this would have happened. I would have been knocked down by accident, and his friend would have bought me pancakes to apologize.  But you were close, I'm from northern Minnesota haha so basically Canada
Do people around here prefer crunchy to smooth peanut butter? I used to prefer crunchy, that all changed when I found my first dead bug in it
I don't use tinder but all my friends are pretty easily able to find girls whenever they want on there. Heard a story from a friend who met up with a girl at 8 am to hook up, got a back massage afterwards and was gone by 9. Idk it can't be too hard
I wish I remembered what it was like to not know how to swim. Because I feel like it's so simple that I would be able to figure it out pretty quick if I were in a situation like this. It really confuses me that people can't swim but I don't remember what it's like to not be able to so I have no idea how that feels
Yeah I deleted it like 6 months ago
I just put the business as my first name so I'll get a pen with my name on it. It also requires me to put an address and I just put one of these: • , and it let me do that
I snorted
Is that an el Monterey burrito? I have eaten those every day for like 3 years, favorite food ever. The prime way to cook it is microwave it for 50 seconds, flip it over, microwave that side for 22 seconds. By then the burrito should be bursting a little in the middle so you fill it with shredded cheese and cover the top with cheese as well and microwave it another 30 seconds. Then you add taco sauce and sour cream to that bitch and destroy it
Beef n bean? Those are my shit
Haha yeah ok I exaggerated a bit I probably eat 1 or 2 a week I just wanted more credibility among the burrito community :/
No way you know the Clintons too?? Seems like everybody here does thought I was the only one
I might be wrong but I feel like I read somewhere that your dreams actually occur right before you wake up. So like right before you wake up your brain puts the dream together and you wake up when it 'ends'. I feel like I did a really bad job of explaining that but if anybody could find an article about it that would be nice. I'm pretty sure I saw it on Reddit
As a mobile user I appreciate OP uploading it though imgur. Suppose he could have credited them in the comments too
The tech school I go to costs about $2500 per semester and that is like dirt cheap compared to anywhere else. No idea where this guy went to school
That Pistons team was one of my favorites of all time. Such a rugged team they always seemed so badass to me, like they were the bad guys. And Always loved Chauncey Billups and I tried imitating his shot when I played. Always use his animation in 2K too
I may be a bit biased as a Vikings fan but I've always thought we have some of the best uniforms in the NFL
Got Vegas 2! Much thanks OP!
Moorhead represent
I'm a rising star in 2s/3s, defense is my strong suit but I have no problem offensively either. I'd be happy to play a defensive role if we ran 2s, I'll add you later today. Think we would get along just fine. I don't have any clips to post but if you check my Xbox feed i got all sorts of good stuff
I recently bought the official rechargeable battery pack because I prefer to just plug it in rather than switch batteries, but I used an energizer charger and the same 8 batteries for like 5 years and they worked great up until the end when they all wouldn't hold a charge anymore, but that was after 5 years heavy use so I was pretty satisfied
Im pretty sure you can use X12s with an adaptor. Couldn't tell you how but my brother did it for a while and he's 12 so I'm sure it's not too hard to figure out
As a Minnesota sports fan experiencing bandwagon fans for the first time ever, I would appreciate if y'all would leave us alone and let us lose in the cold. If the wolves get good, it'll be great, but until then I'm sick of hearing how scary we will be. Been a sports fan here long enough to know  that I can't get excited whatsoever until the final buzzer of the final game.
Maybe cigs were different in the 90s but my uncle died after he fell asleep  with a lit one in his hand and it ended up burning his house down. I believe they assumed it fell out of his hand and started the carpet on fire and he died from smoke inhalation
I usually love when songs do this but a lot of the time I listen to music with 1 ear bud in at work and it drives me crazy
definitely did it to rep NDSU
I'm 87 and where the fuck am I
I recently plummeted from rising star div 3 to challenger elite div 3 and been waiting to find some good teammates to try and get back up. I'm rising star in 3s as well and I'm on most days. I'll add you when I get home if you wanna play
This is the one feature I'm surprised they haven't gotten rid of yet. Most games have gotten better about it, I remember FIFA used to record literally every little thing you did. Every save was recorded no matter how lame. Really drove my crazy
Thank you, tired of explaining to everybody why I like to fuck shoeboxes
&gt;but I didn't think of it at the time  Every interaction I have. If you're like me you'll be replaying that convo in your head for years wishing you had said it
I'm about 10,000 karma away from being able to trade my account for a boogie board... So pumped
Ever since more people started following that sub, the top post of every single thread is a mod post telling people to stop telling jokes and making low effort comments. People just don't seem to understand how that sub works and it drives me crazy. But the mods are awesome I wish more subs were run like that.
Sam Cassell here. Willing to argue with anybody who doesn't think he's #1
I would say it's definitely more than 250 square feet at least
Usually if I have any type of thing happen that would make my eye swell shut, I will have taken my contacts out before it swelled up, because at least in my case, if I have any type of eye problem my contacts usually become pretty painful to have in and cause discomfort until I take them out. I'm sure every scenario is different, but the only time my eyes swell shut is due to allergies or getting hit in the eye, and both those things would force me to take my contacts out pretty quickly because my eyes would be stinging. But yeah maybe there is an instance where your eye could swell up without you really noticing and not having time to take out the contact, and in that case idk what you would do. But yeah that is just me personally, maybe I'm the only one who has to take my contacts out if my eyes bother me at all.   Tl;dr, me personally, I will have taken my contacts out before my eyes had a chance to swell because my eyes would be in pain leading up to swelling
I went to high school with a guy who had a prosthetic starting at the elbow, and he had a pirate claw looking thing at the end. I don't know how it all worked but he played video games and sports and everything else without any problems.
