I saw a college student with a tower and an lcd display at a Starbucks.  But it was a mid-size tower and he was with his friends who all had laptops.  Barely even noticed him.
I get pulled over all the time for the most pointless stuff.  Last time it was because I took too long to make a right hand turn at a red light.  The real reason is that I accidentally made eye contact with the cop.  I knew he was going to pull me over as soon as I looked at him.
Everyone got employed with low level shit jobs.  I know I did.
I’ve been personally told by a parent that this is the most effective method to shut their kid up.  As soon as they throw a tantrum, you do it even louder.  If they're old enough they get embarrassed and shut up immediately.  The more people around the better.
Back in the day when 3 years age difference felt like 30.
And the most expensive thing we own is the computer.
And the other half is into gaming.  For me it's 3d modelling, which means having a Nvidia Quadro that's hooked up to my watercooler system.  Everything in my tower easily exceeds $4000.  But it's worth every last penny.
AC adapter and 12v adapter were what I used 99% of the time.  An outlet was almost never more than an extension cord away.
I was gonna say.  Maybe he thought you guys really needed the R&amp;R.
Can't even count the number of Magic Wands I've bought over the years.  I should just buy a pallet.
I had to up and quit working for anyone.  Bosses simply can't treat people how they want to be treated.  Fuck ’em.  I made my own company, with blackjack and hookers.  Okay, maybe not with the hookers...or the blackjack.  But I really am self employed.
Did not enjoy driving through the Rockies for the last portion of a 16 hour drive.
Fuck yeah, thanks.  Can't wait to visit someday.
I'm guessing something in the lever must be making a pop.  Perhaps different motherboard manufacturers?  I never heard it either and only needed to use more force than I thought would be necessary at first.
I'm a yank and even I know that.
Both solid ideas.  Andy from Nitro Circus did this to Travis.  He put up pictures of himself doing a tricycle backflip in Pastrana's house for him to find, like inside cabinets or boxes.  Random places everywhere.  Calenders and filing cabinets are good stowaways.
In addition to my other GPU’s...
Janitor.
I got a Pentium 2 rig that I keep around just to hear Windows 95 boot.
Last time I played online my X80 was all chrome with the highest pitched music horn.  It was visually and audibly the most painful thing I've ever experienced in the game.
Even my grandmother still says you get a degree before you get anything else.  Once you get that degree, you can do anything you want....
If you were a grower yourself you wouldn't fear legalization.  I buy my weed locally and have grown for 10 years.  The only real benefit is the money savings.
Flown Flight Simulator since 1997.  GTA is definitely cake when it comes to flying, but moving from a keyboard to controller took me two or three sessions to get used to.  After that I improved for another week or so until I leveled off.  That's what I meant by learning curve.  I think you're reading too much into one phrase.
Thanks.  I'll remember to find a seat.
I was thinking Harry Potter; where they ride Barrets instead of broomsticks while playing Quidditch.
Yeah, wouldn't work here.  But it works great with my cooling loop.
Nah, this is great.  I already got three golds under my belt, but no silver.
I'm in decent shape, but going up three flights of stairs will give me a little swamp ass on a warm day.
I own a Mercedes G wagon with a Dillon Aero.
I did, but I'm high.
I used to think Uber drivers came from Germany.
I would arrive as Skeletor.
Mental illness is a bitch.
I graduated high school when I was 18.  It's good enough.
Never thought I'd use a 3d mouse.  Now I use one every day for watching porn.
My local meetup doesn't allow booze.  How am I supposed to socialize while sober?
She's so pleased with herself.  I love it.
Usually have friends ship them.
I was still a stoned teenager.
Dyed, but natural redhead underneath.  You can see the roots.
I used to smoke with people.  I still do, but I used to, too.
I woke up in a new Bugatti.
Didn't help me a couple times.  Sometimes it's unavoidable.  You've been lucky.
Can people stop posting stoner sob stories?  I'm alone in life too, but I'm not using that to farm karma.
Now I won't feel guilty if I have to tell a child I can't help them.
I noticed that when I was smoking in bed.
I don't buy used so I actually thought it was kind of high.  But it's a 6gb card, so the price point seems right.  As long as it hasn't been damaged by overclocking.    If the GPU temps are higher than normal, you might want to put on new thermal paste and thermal pads.
Is it anecdotal evidence if it comes directly from my dermatologist?
Thought about buying it for prop stuff.  When I double checked the movie, I thought they looked nothing alike.
Sold it twice.
