Hello, fellow german atheist. I live in Konstanz, in which city do you live in?
I thought loving god also means believing in him. My bad then, sorry.  Also, bad wording by me, sorry. English (obviously) isn't my first language.
OP's using a $4000 telescope.
But you can force him to go to hell.  In this moment, I don't believe god exist. If he does exist, he'll send me to hell.
Playing with toy guns.   God damn it, even though I'm 14, people stare at me like I'm crazy when I start yelling "Alpha, Bravo, Omega, move, move, move!"
I want to be able to explore every place in the universe.
It's kinda ok if people don't act on it. The fact that they fantasize about children still makes me uncomfortable (I'm 14) but it's better than actually doing something.
In my country, Duck Dynasty is on  History Channel.
Don't forget the multiplayer mod! I want to play this game soo much!  We could play together If I manage to get this game.
If someone gave me a card everytime I banged some chick I'll have .... exactly 0 cards.
Awesome!  Also, I hope someone gives this game to you. I would've bought this game for both of us, but I don't have any money :(. Sorry.
Stop it reddit, you'll make me pirate The Witcher 3 :(. I ain't got enough money for this shit.
Bulgaria
Have a look at my steam [account](https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132041668/).
It's easy for you to say that, but it's really hard for me to wait. I haven't bought games since March 2014 because I moved to Germany and I had to save money. I never pirated games, though. I just watched videos of them to satisfy my need. I can't pirate games even if I wanted to, because my download speed is 20 kb/s tops.  Anyways, I won't pirate The Witcher 3. I'll wait until it's under 10€ :(.
I can't download anything, my download speed is 20 **kb/s** tops. Thanks for the suggestion, though! I didn't know that site existed.
What's your favourite game?  BTW, I love the TL;DR.
Of course not, Skrillex has a girlfriend. And what do I have? A hand.
I can easily spot them while taking a walk in the park. Stellarium really helps, too.
A little off-topic, but before I became an atheist, I enjoyed watching youtube videos of normal people searching for paranormal shit, but now it all seems silly to me.
Hey, Bulgarian here, 'sup
Shit, my cover is blown.
HE LIED TO ME :'(
1. 64 bit Intel(R) Core(TM) i5 - 3350P CPU @ 3.10GHz 8 GB RAM. I go to My Computer --&gt; Properties, but I can't see which video card I have. Can someone help me?  2. Graphics card, because I'm sure it's shit.  3. The Witcher III, Elite: Dangerous, Fallout 4. Because they don't require internet connection (except for Elite Dangerous) and they have a very long story.  4. Minecraft (I play it every day), SW KOTOR and SW KOTOR II (haven't played them yet, because my internet is shit and I can't download them :( I'lll download them in December because I'll have better internet).  5. $0  6. I study.  7. Parents.  8. https://m.reddit.com/r/GiftofGames/comments/37dcs0/intro_hi_guys/  9. https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132041668/wishlist  10. Don't have one.  Thanks for making so many people happy, MaximumDan! You restore my faith in humanity.
ok  az sum malko mlad xD, nqkade komentirah na kolko sym ama nz kyde
Dude, not every young teen is an asshole. I know you didn't mean to offend all of the normal, mature young teens (like me /humblebrag), but it's frustrating to be hated for being a young teen.
Why are they keeping a dead woman's ashes? That's gross imo, what kind of comfort does a dead woman give you?   "Oh how I miss my granny, I bet she wanted to be burned to ashes and then kept in a fragile urn."
I am proud to be an atheist, too!
I love living in Germany.
OMG, I've requested this game twice, but gave up!  Someone gifted me Minecraft and I've been playing it non-stop, because:  1. I managed to download it, because it's just a few megabytes.  2. Replayability (not sure if I pronounced that correctly).  3. Mods!  Steam Account: https://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198132041668/
I'm here, I got lost in wikipedia.
14 year old here, I'm currently making out with the shower. It tastes...wet?
ayy lmao dank cod of dewty  I wanna try out CoD, I've never played it.
Guns Of Icarus  My day was boring.
Hope you get the game! If I had the money, I would've bought it for both of us.
I can't run from you.
Oh man, thanks a lot! I just found out a livestream on youtube.
Don't judge me, English (obviously) isn't my 1st language.
How? I'm on the "Now For Reddit" android app btw.
"Aquares", because I like water.  If the planet is desert-y, I'll call it "Fuarell"
Thanks, man! This is really helpful!
I ... uh ... gone2far?
519   I'd love to play those games!
I'm kinda new to CS:GO. Why do you hate (ok not "hate", but "don't like"?) dust2?
A planet in eternal darkness filled with life. Like the one in the trailers. My goal would be to find a planet like that.  Like [this] (http://www.geeksofdoom.com/GoD/img/2014/12/no-mans-sky-game-awards.jpg).
Naah man, I'm not mad at you and I will not yell at the moderators, they're cool.
Ok man, you're awesome.  Also, how could I send you the pic? I'll probably send it to you tomorrow.
I won't be able to pay a anythimg more that €30, sadly. So I hope it would be cheaper.
I'm really good at jacking off to my imagination.
Hey, I'm in Konstanz!
