Ya, while I agree paypal is crap, you don't walk away from a business like that. The big key word is"probably" about 250k. If you are running a business, particlularly a small business, you know exactly how much you made. I ran my own small business for 5 and a half years and I could tell you exactly what my revenue was all 5 years, a couple of them being higher than his 250k. Why? Because you do everything... you track it hardcore. You file the taxes. When he is like I "sold probably 250k per year," one, implying his revenue was static year after year(BS!), but also he wasn't sure the exact amount, just kind of close? And, then he left it all cause paypal pissed him off? No way in hell us he real.  But, I do concede the ebay thing. They skim you for so much money, from ebay, the fees, then paypal, before you ever even see your money in your bank account. I drifted away from them and ebay over time as a result myself too... sadly.
Except I am happy with what he did with the series, and this is coming from a Trekkie who owns his own flight cadet uniform!  Seriously, I love the series and the philosophical nature of the story-telling, but I also understand that you can have a fun, visual, suspenseful movie for everyone too.  The reality is that my wife never cared for the Star Trek series.  My wife doesn't even like Sci-Fi.  Heck, my wife doesn't even care for Star Wars, as it's "too boring" in her words.  She doesn't even care for the Lord of the Rings movies, for that matter.  She likes lots of things, but for some reason, these just never appealed to her.  Yet, she LIKED the new Star Trek movies, both of em.  Liked the 2nd one even more.  I liked em too, they were fun.  Maybe not as "deep" on an intellectual level as classic Star Trek, but what Abrahms did was bring Star Trek to the mainstream and I am not sure someone who LOVES Star Trek would've done this. They probably would've been more true to classic Star Trek style storytelling, which might've been good, might've not, but one thing you cannot die about the reboot is how it's breathed fresh life into the series.  Anyway, I wouldn't mind the 3rd movie going back to its roots a bit more, but I have zero complaints about these 2.  I think they are fun and still worth watching more than once.
Imo, about the only good thing out of the ACA was the mandate that people with pre-existing conditions couldn't be denied insurance...  I agree with that, and you know, I get it if insurance premiums went higher because of that.  But, there is still the much more massive problem of out of control healthcare costs when I go into the Emergency room because I am dizzy and want to get checked out and leave after 3 hrs with an $8000 bill...  Nothing addressed this at all...  Hell, even these new insurance plans are crap.  My deductable is like $6000.  So, even though I have to pay roughly $500 p/month for my family's healthcare, or $6000 p/year, I still need to cover an additional $6000 before my insurance even does anything for me...  I'm still out 12k, or $1000 a month, if I even have one or 2 illnesses in the family that need medical care.  It's Bullshit and the ACA did nothing to address it.
This is good... I honestly haven't left my Garrison in months... Seriously, screw apexis dailies.  They are boring as hell.  Grinding mobs for 30 minutes is NOT content.  I would happily go back in the world if I could fly places again.  I would LOVE to earn flying...
Just wanted to say, as a 10 year Warcraft veteran, long time MMO veteran, and one who has tried pretty much every big and hyped new MMO to come out since Conan, Star Wars, Rift, Wild Star, GW2, etc... FF14 is the ONLY one that has had me keep my account active.    Yes, I still have my WOW account active because of my history with it, with the guild, and it's still a great game, but WOW has made a lot of "boring" gameplay decisions as of late, with ridiculously long content droughts, whilst FF14 seems to have constant "fun" content updates, seems more modernized (seriously, I can get all my professions on one character, compared to the endless alt-hopping tedious fest that Warcraft has become, even more so now that professions are so linked to the garrisons).  I love FF14... great world, great production values, great music, and whilst some might hate that it is one of those few MMOs that still has a subscription model, let me just say that I find it hard to play any MMO without the subscription model these days. Why?  The sub acts as a nice gate from the trolls of the internet.  Yes, they still exist in all games, but in FTP, they consume the games.  FF14 has a young and unbittered and helpful community.  Server reputation actually matters (unlike what Warcraft has become).  Working together works together... people still talk to each other in everything.  Anyway, just wanted to say, if you were hesitant, just give it a try.  FF14, again, is the ONLY MMO to ever keep me playing outside of Warcraft... Lots of fun!
Oh gosh... I feel a strong kinship in your part "TODO: Write comments..."  --  Haha, usually I put // Comments incoming soon...
This is fairly accurate, but I will also add that as a long-time pvp'r and 10 yr WOW veteran one of the biggest complaints I have with WoD is that there is nothing new...  They gave us zero.  Blizz put all of their eggs in one basket in WoD, Ashran, and it was a bust.  Seriously, Ashran is like 90% running around to do PVE, 8% sitting around, and 2% actually engaging in PVP combat.  The whole place just feels like a chore.  Yes, with LFG groups sometimes you can find groups focused on running the middle road, but again, you still end up killing NPCs more than you are pvping... this is not fun.  We got zero new BGs in WoD, zero new anything.  Yes, they honed in the CC a bit, which I think was necessary, but exactly like you said, now everyone only has like 3 or 4 useful spells.  In efforts for Blizzard to simplify the talent trees and spell bloat, the purged a TON of spells of every class.  This might have worked well for PVE, but in PVP, a lot of us feel like we lost a ton of utility, a ton of choice, and ultimately, a ton of fun with the class because it essentially lowers the skill cap for so many classes.  Mastering your class was a rewarding side-aspect of PVP... now it's just easier than ever.  Instead of that making people want to play more though, it makes classes feel shallow, and since they have homogenized so much of the characters now, classes don't necessarily feel like they have their own flavor.  I though patch 4.3 was bad in Cata, when essentially you had to be doing Heroic DS with the right trinkets and crap to even be considered for high end arena/RBG teams, and that was a mess... but nope, WoD in its current state is probably the worst state PVP has ever been in in WOW.  Don't get me wrong, if you can actually get together a group of 40 people and go raid a city you can have some fun, but even blizz has successfully killed the fun of most of the because cities are lifeless now as everyone just AFKs in their garrisons.  Also, cities are so overwhelmed with endless NPC respawns that it kills a bit of PVP as it is nearly impossible to take a small group into a city for small skirmishes when 100 NPC guards insta spawn on top of you...
Ya, same situation for me... Wife has had 2 kids now, we are 31, so it's not quite as easy to find fitness time... People on here are like, "Just workout together!"  Well, when you need to find a babysitter to go workout together, this doesn't work.  So, we workout on opposite schedules.  She likes to jog in the morning, whilst I workout before I come home from work.  However, like you said, me beginning to workout was not enough for her.  Raising 2 kids, losing habits, and ultimately losing motivation has made it harder to get back in the flow of things, and while she never got obese, or even close, she went from like a 110lb to 130 lbs, and it was noticeable. So again, she wasn't that far off her original weight, but enough to lose that thin figure.  Anyway, when I started hitting the gym, and then I started to be interested on group bike rides on say a Saturday morning, and she saw some of the people in the group, all of a sudden she was out jogging in the mornings again.  It's not like she doubted our relationship, but I think it's just a natural biological ingrained thing of the subconscious that makes woman competitive against other women.
I'll upvote because we know their family as their sons were in cub scouts where I was a den leader before moving away. He is a great guy though and pretty cool as he practiced as a Navy Dentist before coming back to the US and practicing here.
It's ok, I assumed that.  And, if your assumption was correct, you might have actually been right.  As someone who comes from a well-off family, I absolutely see this.  The wealthy in America do not feel the same pain as the rest of America.  It's like as the Gas prices rose to 4 bucks a gallon a few years back, it didn't really affect rich people at all, yet it completely changed middle and lower-classes behavior because the difference of 100 or 200 bucks more a month in fees is often the difference between weather everyone is eating rice and beans or something better that month.  Over the years, whilst I have seen some curb some grandiose spending a bit, at the end of the day, they are not hurting.  For example, there is this one family, wonderful family, very humble.  But, also very rich, like 100 million+ rich.  We've been close friends for a very long time in our family to the point my wife and I even had our wedding reception in their backyard (as friends) and it was gorgeous. But, they used to have a 2 million dollar top-floor penthouse in some vacation spot in Mexico, and a 2nd Lakehouse for vacation, and a houseboat for vacation, and so on and so on... Well, they decided to tighten their belt with this recession so they sold off the penthouse they only go to a couple times a year and sold the houseboat they only ever used once, and cut back to only 1 house-maid.  Are they any poorer?  Not really, stocks are doing great!  But, then there is me, where my family kind of believes in the "Make it on your own" thing... so while my parents are rich, my wife and I are very poor as I am still a graduate student making very little lol.  The rich have made very little lifestyle changes in this great recession, whilst everyone else is hurting more than ever.  Good paying jobs are SO hard to come by now.  Even low-paying jobs can be hard to find at times, at least decent ones.  This is where connections play such an important part, and whilst I may not be getting a big trust from my family, I still know so many of my parents friends and colleagues and it comes without question, or of the many times I rub shoulders with them, "Oh hey GeneticsGuy? Done with school yet?  Nope!?  Well, when you are done, come talk to me..."  The inequality gap really is huge, and growing... I am a conservative Capitalist, but even I see the realities that an income inequality gap being large as being a bad thing.  Even I see that corporatism and crony capitalism and behind the door deals and corrupt politicians as ruining our American system, where we have always been the strongest nation not because of the rich, but because our middle class was so huge and so strong, and once had one of the highest standards of living in the world.  Now, everyone seems to be selling out to make a quick short-term buck.  I've met the guys like this... the business venture capitalists that swoop in, buy out a company, strip it clean, make the remaining salaried employees take on 3 jobs worth of work, instantly return huge profits on the company in the first year, not because of increased sales, but because of lower labor reduction costs, and then keep that up for maybe 2 years then sell the company for a profit.  Usually the employees just holdout, hoping things will get better, often because they have been with the company for years, only now to be turned into slaves, or restricted of their bonuses by the new management and owners.  Yet, the company sells for a profit because it LOOKs more profitable.  Lots of underlying troubles not easily noticeable though that may cause the company to soon unravel.  You see this a lot, lots of companies get bought out, and then change hands 5 times in 8 years whilst everyone makes a big profit except for the guy at the end.  It's like the corporate world is playing hot potato with companies they are destroying, hoping they don't end up last one holding it.  This happens SO SO SO much right now, and it is not stopping because SO many are getting rich doing it.  Anyway, I appreciate your post, I was only commenting that the fast pass was free lol, and now you sent me off and I started venting.  Sorry!
Honestly, the hole gold nerf from follower missions was a big slap in the face by Blizzard.  I know, I am being dramatic, but I HATE leveling alts, but I only ever did it so I could max professions.  Then, WoD came out and essentially mandated that the only way you could maximize your profession fully was to be level 100 and have a tier 3 garrison.  So, I sucked it up and did it and dropped SO much time doing that, along with about 25k in gold on each of these alts to get my Garrison in working order.  THEN, you have to spend a few weeks running missions to finally get enough of your followers geared and lvl 100, and ideally, ilvl 675 to maximize chance on the best gold missions, and BOOM, mega nerf on it all.  I know, we've all heard the whining on the forums, but I actually feel upset about it and I've never felt this way about anything in WOW before.  There was just such a huge investment of time and resources to finally get my alts in a reasonable place for Blizz to do this, and I was proud of my 8x lvl 100s I had made all so tediously.  I tried to be positive, and I tried to say "Oh, it won't be all that bad," but let me tell you, the diminishing returns on the gold SUCKS bad and by the time you get to your 3rd or 4th alt, it's not even worth logging over, even with Master Planner, and to add insult to injury, apparently the high lvl gold treasure missions now share some kind of account wide cooldown on spawning.  Yay, guess that makes the Tier 3 inn essentially useless now on alts.
I'd also add that 4.1 and 4.2 RBG seasons were TONS of fun in the PVP world, until they essentially killed PVP off in 4.3 when they made the heroic PVE gear superior in BGs...  I've been a long-time PVP'r since Vanilla, and even in Vanilla PVP was still important, but optional.  There were some issues even then, and there has always been some minor issues here and there, but largely TBC and WOTLK were the peak of PVP in this game.  Wintergrasp may have been somewhat problematic at first, but people still enjoyed it.  IoC was not nearly as good, but PVP was mostly still enjoyable in Cata (aside from the World PVP killing, endlessly respawning city guards thing Blizz implemented), but it was alright.  MoP they even gave us a couple of new BGs!  Then, we get WoD... horrible racial imbalances... terrible PVP combat (cooldowns necessary to ever have a chance at killing anyone, thus making PVP feel bland and useless while you wait for your CD barrage to be ready again), and literally NOTHING to do in the game outside of Ashran, and 90% of Ashran is a PVE thing, not a PVP thing...  We can Blame Holinka, and I definitely think he deserves his fair share, but you know that there was lots of people in control that essentially gave the OK for this situation to happen.
Well, this is actually fairly eye-opening because my grandmother died when I was 10 yrs old and supposedly she was pulling the gun out to clean it and it went off, shooting herself on accident, and she died.  At least, that is the story I was fed and believed.  That was 21 years ago.  Sounds like I need a conversation with my mother.
Well, in her case there was no life insurance so there was no motive there.  It was a 6 shot revolver, as I know, we inherited the gun when she died and it sits in one of those mini-safes in a closet at my parent's home.  I just always assumed maybe she cocked it or something when cleaning it and then the hammer slipped or something.  I am not an experienced gun user, though been to the range a few times as my wife likes to shoot, but only ever used a clip semi-auto, never a revolver.  Thanks for that input!
This is why I love my Dell Venue 11. When I bought mine, I swapped out the 64gb M.2 SSD it came with with a 500GB one I got from some Crucial SSD clearance sale for 125 bucks, sticking the 64 into my desktop motherboard to boot from. And I nabbed a great deal on a 128Gb micro SD card the the venue 11 also has a slot for. With the optional keyboard that is built with an additional battery, and with all my storage space, I haven't even touched my laptop in over 6 months. It's seriously awesome.I can't believe how much money people are still shelling out to Apple just to upgrade from 16Gb yo 64, let alone 128 lol.
Oh yes, I think we all made that mistake in our very early programming days.... The whole, "Oh this program is WOrking! Yay! Let me just change one thing real fast..."  Boom, program no longer working, spending the next day going insane trying to figure out why your program is no longer working and for some reason, even if you comment out all the changes you just made, it still won't work lol.
You're right.  My cousin is openly gay and attended BYU.  He didn't hide it and never got expelled or disciplined.  As long they agree to the honor code, like everyone else has to abide by, be it straight or gay, anyone can attend.
As a piano player myself, I have been drawn to you as an artist since I first learned of you like 9 or so years ago.  I love what you bring to the world, and the obvious passion you have.  My wife and I's favorite new song of the last year is by far "All of Me."  My question for you is when did you know you wanted to dedicate your life's career to being a musician and an artist?  I still play everyday, but I pursued a profession in the sciences and was essentially steered away from the world of music as more than anything but a hobby...
Ya, to me the Shipyard is just an extension of your Garrison.  Honestly, all this garrison stuff, especially follower missions, but really the entire design of the whole garrison in regards to daily routines, is built exactly like those stupid cheap Facebook games are made, forcing you to login everyday if you want to maximize your potential, rather than letting us just have fun.  I was almost ready for Blizzard to offer players a way to finish missions faster if you bought some special coins from the Blizz store... you know, 50 coins for 5.99, 100 coins for 9.99 or 1000 coins for 49.99!  I seriously would not have been surprised if they tried to do that at some point.  At least we know they aren't now, but seriously, the Garrison sucks so hard. Just my opinion...
Haha I almost forgot about the voice chat.  To be fair though, the voice chat is actually passable.  Ya, it's crap compared to Vent,Teamspeak or mumble, but say, for a quick 10 min officer meeting, it works just fine.  We did this once because we just wanted to see for ourselves how bad the chat was but amazingly, for our officer meeting, it worked just fine! haha  I agree though, it was an absolutely terrible implementation.  I am honestly amazed it is still built into the client.
Except what if you live in a shitty school district and your public school is shitty?  Poor people have no choice but to still go there.  Yet now, you have an option to not?  It doesn't help rich people at all, as rich people would go wherever they wanted no matter what.  I really don't think it's about tearing apart public schools like people would have you believe, and I have typically voted Democrat.  If you live in an area with fantastic public schools, people are not going to want to abandon them.  The affect will be very small.  And, over the years, we've shown the affect to be small in places like that.  However, you live in a shitty place like I do, in Arizona, where not only is our state ranked 47th in the country for public education (in 2014), in Tucson, the TUSD school district is one of the most corrupt in the nation. Lots and lots of problems that existed Long before the voucher system and no matter how many new taxes were made and how much money we threw at TUSD, it was still a mess.  Still is even now.  Except now, poor families in Tucson don't have to go to that shitty public school around the block.  Now, you can send your kid to a higher rated and fancier science academy, or art academy, or something else.  Ya, it pulls money away from the public schools, but it's not like people are losing their jobs. TUSD pays so shitty to the teachers already, that the charter schools and private schools pay much better, even without the teacher's union.  We actually have a shortage of teachers here.  But seriously, who wants to go work for TUSD when entry level teacher pay is 30k per year, and all the admins are making 150k+ per year?  So, what is happening? TUSD consolidates their schools.  Hell, we had an insurrection in Tucson just a few years ago where people were so pissed at TUSD that they basically cut off about a quarter of the town and made their own new school district, funded it themselves, and kicked TUSD out.  Guess what, it's a GREAT school district now (TVSD) and people aren't sending their kids off to these charter schools because people are happy with it.  Remember, rich people still did whatever they wanted... this helps the poor and middle class.  Tucson maybe be in a Red state, but Tucson is a Democrat city.  Most people in Tucson are Democrat, the mayor is Democrat, the city council are all Democrats, our elected officials in the school boards are mostly Democrats, but guess what, most people in Tucson LIKE the school voucher program.  So, it's not so cut and dry as to why some say it's bad.  In reality, it's actually pretty good in places where there are only shitty public options.
As a graduate student, a lot of the tuition increases are because of state budget cuts to higher education.  However, tuition increases have far outweighed the cuts, I just want to point out how not *all* of the tuition increase is to new spending, it is to cover the gap of previous.  With that being said, you are right, I have seen massive administrative bloat.  One, everyone seems to have a secretary now.  You have Deans and assistant to the deans and they all have secretaries, all paid higher than the typical secretarial wage of the town.  For example, someone pointed out at my university, 20 years ago there was one administrative staff for every 23 students.  Now, there is one per 6 students.  Massive administrative bloat is totally a real issue...  Also, universities are becoming increasingly more and more competitive than ever, and as such I see a lot of this new funding going into new buildings, even if unneeded, but with plans to attract people.  For example, my university just built a couple years back this sprawling new and outrageously pricey office building for tenured professors.  I am talking about outrageously fancy offices.  It blew my mind how fancy they were when this finished.  So, a lot of this new money was going to "no expenses spared" buildings.  There's so much money, no one is even trying to say "Isn't this marble countering and walls a bit much?"  No, they just fund it.  They do this with the argument that it's necessary to attract good professors by showing them how nice our facilities are.  There is some truth to this, but also, so much waste too.  Basically overspending for luxury, rather than necessity or just being "good."  They've caught on that they can have luxury everything.  We definitely aren't seeing any increased funding at the graduate or professor level.  Many professors need a grant to be paying their salary, not even the University is paying for it.
Lots of high paying job positions for even junior developers in this field as well.  I am seeing Junior developer stuff at 80k+ starting with this kind of experience.  Not bad for a junior dev out of college.  You can easily be breaking the 100k barrier in a couple of years in this field.  50+ per hour jobs are everywhere with these requirements.  Well, really anything that gets you into Full Stack development, with some SQL knowledge sprinkled in and you're set.  So many directions to go right now.
As someone who used to work in the hotel industry, for anyone that knows anything about the hotel industry, that number is actually shockingly low.  1100 people over the last 15 years!?  That's it!!??  For context, I was a concierge for a couple of years in college at a 4 star, borderline 5 star JW Marriott Resort, $500 a night for the cheapest room type of place.  Seasonally we'd get slammed to 100% occupancy for about 3 months straight, of close to 600 rooms.  It would be so busy, that they'd have to bring in foreign workers.  Guess what, they advertised like crazy locally.  They preferred local hires, but it was a seasonal job and a lot of people don't want seasonal.  So, how many seasonal temp. jobs were there?  Over 450 temp. seasonal workers were needed.  We'd advertise and maybe would get 50+ local.  But, we couldn't get the hundreds needed for temp. work.  So, they fly in and give housing to these H-1B visa temp workers.  We were doing over 500 of them per year just at our one resort hotel.  Think about that for a second... Trump owns so many hotels and actually owns over 500 companies.  Yet, he still managed to *only* bring in 1,100 workers on Visas over 15 years!?  That is mind-mindbogglingly impressive, to be honest...  That is practically unheard of in the industry.  So, what this piece of information is is a hit-job attempt on Trump to make him look bad, but for those in the actual industry, I'd say it does the exact opposite.  Do you think the media people don't know this?  No, they know and they don't care.  They just want Trump to look bad at all costs.
I'll upvote for honesty at least, and to counter the downvote brigade incoming...  On a side note: I was actually like you, say, 5 or 6 months ago, then I saw Bernie get shut down by the two BLM protesters and he gave up his podium so easy.  It just felt weak to me.  But, I can't see myself supporting Hillary.  So, who am I going for?  Trump.  But hey, I guess both you and I can now brace for downvotes!
Scientist here and *not* a climate change denier at all.  In fact, I actually got to work a little bit on the GCM (Global Circulation/Climate Model) when I branched off into Biogeophysics for a bit.  Guess what, there *IS* strong evidence of a human impact on the global climate.  I mean, one doesn't have to look much further than just the basic law of thermodynamics and Chem 101 to understand that the science behind the so-called "Global warming molecules" is uncontested.    Now, what's *not* uncontested is the accuracy of the GCM and the accuracy and reliability of our predictions.  Why? There are so many moving pieces to this modeling.  There are so many variables.  The resolution is still not good enough.  There are still new theories popping up every year. There is a difference between being off by a little and being magnitudes off. As a scientist, what we ask ourselves is "Ok, why was the model wrong, what are we missing?" and then we try to resolve these issues and things get better slowly and evolutionarily, but they improve. Politicians instead go, "OMG, this research needs to be told to the people it's 100% accurate or we won't get done what we want!"   But, what happens is you have people like Gore come out and shout DOOMSDAY to get what they want.  Then, when the predictions are incorrect, and often not even close, they just push the doomsday clock back a few more years and keep shouting again.  What does this do?  It makes the masses of people all the more skeptical.  There really are a lot of politicians, and even scientists out there, for the sake of pushing an agenda faster, they are purposely alarmist.  I mean, the way the justify it is "What's wrong with clean energy and clean air and clean water?"  The answer is, nothing! We should absolutely be striving for that.  However, the alarmism is coming at the expense of the citizens.  It ultimately comes down to, "We need to tax you 'X' amount of dollars more to save the planet!"  Then, when the prediction fails, everyone goes "OMG, you just were trying to do a power grab for my money, it's all BS!!!"  I mean, can you blame them?  Think about it for a second.  The first Earth day back in I think what, 1970, they basically shouted that 90% of the Earth's species are going to be extinct before 1990.  This was not presented as a "maybe" or anything, it was presented as a 100% fact and we needed to essentially tax the world 20% or the end was here.  Now, don't get me wrong, I really am not a denier.  I am not someone that thinks we should ignore this.  I am happy the US doesn't look like China's mega-cities with the pollution smog thanks to some of our regulations.  But, I am also keenly aware that politicians are twisting things to scare people and it is doing a disservice to it.  Before, when it could have been presented as a serious science to consider, instead so many studies got presented as defacto and flawless, and if any scientist even wanted to verify the research they were labeled a climate denier and good luck getting grant funding after that...    The sensationalism is the the cause of the climate change skeptics, imo.  The alamism is the number one reason so many are doubters now, because of the false predictions that were told to be fact.  When you hear that the UN wants to have a world tax of 10% to fight climate change, but then you see what's happened in all the decades prior, you start to doubt the sincerity.  When you see someone like Al Gore buy a 10 million dollar ocean front mansion just 1 year after he made his climate change video presented here, in an area that was supposed to be under water within a decade, it's easy to question his sincerity.  When you find out that Al Gore was the owner of the only Carbon Credit company in the US and was set to pickup the contract if the Carbon Credit law got passed, which would have made him a billionaire, it's easier to question the sincerity he has in believing this video vs presenting an agenda to Washington.  So, people, yes, we should be working globally to have clean air, clean water, and overall, clean energy.  We should be fighting for it.  Maybe we should even be subsidizing efforts in clean energy (I am also for using nuclear as a stop-gap til a better infrastructure is in place as Nuclear is clean aside from the minimal waste).  But, thanks to politicians and people like Al Gore, we now have a huge % of people that have become "doubters" of climate change and honestly, after all the failed predictions where they come out and just push the doomsday clock back another couple of years, can you blame them?  I 100% place the blame of the alarmist who have twisted scientific efforts to build accurate models and put pressure on the scientific world to conform to get grant funded.
Considering his constant defending of Hillary, it's almost like he doesn't want to win.  I don't get it.  I am half-convinced you're right at this point.  Though, I'd feel better believing that he sincerely wanted to win at first, and now I think he knows he's not going to so Hillary struck him a closed doors deal for him to keep backing her.  I actually think Bernie's backing of Hillary kind of discredits his message completely.  I think it's one of the things that has really hurt him once he started saying stuff like, "Hillary is in Wallstreet's pocket, but hey, I support her 100% and she's a wonderful person!"
Not all people are willing to take *risky* investments.  The whole point of entrepreneurship is the risk/reward.  If everything was just an  *obvious* investment this wouldn't happen.  You can't just assume that "If it's a good investment, money will flow there."  Trump has a personal stake in Scotland.  It's his heritage, and it's where his mother was from and he's been talking for years how he's wanted to always do something in Scotland.  Trump is someone who might be willing to pump in a lot of money into an area out of personal interest when others might not.  It just so happens that he's really good at what he does and can probably turn that personal interest into making money.  I am just pointing out that this idea that "The people of Scotland don't even like Trump" is a concoction created by the media that has tried to tell everyone what they should think about Trump, regardless of his billions of potential investment into their communities.  If there was ever a billionaire investor from the US Scotland would want to come to their country, whilst also knowing he was going to respect their country, it's Trump.
Computational Biologist here and I'll say that for the Bioinformatics guys, 95% of what you'll do is R. You are right to learn Python as it's picking up steam and useful. In reality, a lot of programming is still done in Perl on the Bio side, largely for speed and the already existing libraries. However, the emphasis for Python stems a lot from it being seen as an easier language to read and to pickup, and this has been a huge issue in the field. Lots of brilliant biologists who hate coding and lots of brilliant programmers out there who hate biology.  Python seems to ease biologists in better from what I can tell. For deep stuff, like comparison genomics, Python is still a bit too slow. Times are changing though. I think as computational power continues to expand there is going to be much more emphasis on UX design in programming languages over just being closer to the metal, like with C.
If you actually look at the video, no one around her was standing except her and she had been asked to sit, which she refused. Ya, people jumped up and stood in excitement at various times, briefly, but she was disrupting the event. Now, she may have been disrupting the event in a less obnoxious manner, but it was still disrupting.  It also makes me question if you even really went, for 2 reasons: One, your incorrect representation of what happened with her and her disrupting; two, I went to a Trump rally myself out of curiosity and this idea of it being every bit of bad as liberals claim is ridiculous.   The reason she said good things is because the people around her were not racists. The fact that you try to discredit a rally by saying, roughly, "I was there and everyone's just as racist as CNN says!" clearly shows an intellectual dishonesty that fails to reason out the why Trump is popular, so you end up just saying the weak argument that it's because they're all racist and/or stupid.
1) Bernie 2) Trump 3) Paul  I'll be honest though, I used to be a lot more Bernie than I am now.  I am kind of leaning towards Trump, and I've never voted Republican in my life.
I am a Democrat and you know what pisses me off about the DNC?  That they are shoving Clinton down all our throats.  They pretty much pre-anointed her and threatened anyone else from running in the primary, unless of course, they might make her look better.  Hell, the only reason Bernie even has done as well as he has is because he is an outsider and only became a Democrat this year to run, and you know what, I bet it pissed off Hillary and the DNC because it gave some competition to their frontrunner.  She was supposed to be in an uncontested primary this year because it was "Her Turn."  So what did they do?  Collaborated on a media blackout of Bernie and limited debates to times no one would watch, like during playoff games on Sat night.  I hate that the DNC has basically become a dictatorship where I am only given one candidate to vote for.  One that I absolutely think represents everything that is wrong with Washington.  One that absolutely is beholden to special interests.  One that I absolutely do not trust nor do I believe she has integrity.  As such, I hate to admit it, but I am a Democrat who is going to vote for Trump if he gets the nomination and if Hillary does.  I may not agree with him on everything, though on many things I do, but I feel like I at least know what I am getting by voting for Trump.  I feel like I know where he stands and I know what he is actually trying to do and I don't think there's anyone in the shadows pulling his strings.  So yes, I may be one of those so-called "defectors" but I 100% blame the DNC for not allowing us to choose our candidate like a Democracy.  It's their fault they pre-anointed an unlikable candidate and people are rebelling.  Just my opinion.
Ok, let me show you why this stat is misleading, and furthermore, why you mistake in making the assumption that all gun lovers are part of the NRA.  Ask any gun holder and 2nd amendment proponent, and no matter how conservative they are, they are most-likely going to say, "Yes, we support background checks."  But then what happens?  Then the Democrats say, "Ok, let's pass this background check bill, oh and by the way, we're going to create a national registry and database of guns and also attach a ban of semi-automatic weapons. Deal?"  NO DEAL.  Then, the Democrats come out and say, "Republicans don't want background checks, but look at this stat, it shows that most Americans do. It's the NRA's fault!"  No, it's we didn't want these attachments to it.  Guess what, the Democrats and Republicans almost passed a bi-partisan bill a couple of years back on this very issue, covering the private selling loophole.  It was a fantastic bill and it was 100% going to get passed, built on bi-partisan compromise.  Do you know what happened? Harry Reid never let it come to vote.  Why?  Because, it didn't have what he and other far left Democrats wanted in it.  Also, in regards to my original point about purple states going red, let's take a look at one example: Colorado.  Why Colorado?  Well, a few years ago the Democrats had a historic victory in their state, with Democrats had won more local and national positions than they had ever before.  It was a HUGE Democrat year.  I mean, let's face it, Colorado is a fairly liberal state.  Then, the tragedy of the theater shooting struck.  Well, immediately after the tragedy these Democrats, most newly elected, immediately went knee-jerk and now in control of the state, voted to implement lots of onerous gun restrictions, all of which wouldn't have even stopped the shooting in the first place.  I mean, they went hardcore anti-gun.  What happened next?  Well, the people of Colorado did not like this.  You see, Democrats in Colorado like their guns too and are intelligent enough to understand that they were dumb laws that wouldn't have stopped the shooting anyway.  They were upset that these new people who just had this historic victory in their state decided to go hardcore Gun control, which is honestly, mild compared to what the national Democrats want to do.  So, in the first time in Colorado's History, they pulled enough votes for a recall election.  Not only did the recall election happen, but these people were recalled hard and lost pretty badly.  Do you think all of the Democrats in Colorado were just drones of the NRA?  Or, is it maybe something intellectually more sound, like they are just Americans that love the freedom of the 2nd amendment and don't want the government telling us what to do with our guns?  I am a Democrat and I live in Arizona.  This is a non-partisan issue in our purple state.  And you know what?  Everytime the national Democrats try to push hard gun restrictions, our state goes Red.  Hell, even the ACLU of our state, an organization I'd say is just a *bit* liberal, is in open opposition to the national ACLU in the language and terminology they want to use to describe our gun rights.  Are we all drones of the NRA here?  What if I told you that you can be a constitutional 2nd amendment guy and NOT a member of the NRA?  So, whenever I see the national Democrats start talking about gun control measures and whenever I see them try to make this a main campaign issue, I think to myself, these people are going to lose.  If Hillary decides to make gun control a main campaign issue she is going to have a tough time winning.  Just my opinion.
Democrat here. I downvoted your comment because it was unrelated to the OP. :)
Or 100% intentional and obviously intentional?  They were wearing their full American outfits, dancing to a patriotic song, at a political rally.  A lot of people may not be aware of this but at nearly every political rally there is like an hour of pre-speakers and songs and so on.  Hell, I went to the Bernie event in Tucson a while back and he had a Mexican Mariachi band on stage before he got up.  It's not like people don't know this song.  Here's one of Ohio State's marching band doing their half-time routine just a couple years ago:  [Over There](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKr7DPTEFBQ) (the specific song portion starts at 3 min, but whole routine is great to watch)
Yup, programmer myself and I once thought, "Oh, that'd be fun, video game development..."  Then, I looked at comparable salaries and expectations and I saw entry level game dev jobs at like 40k per year, and entry level everything else at like 70k+... I guess I wasn't as passionate about games as I thought lol.  Also, and this may sound judgemental, but some of the most annoying people in my CS classes were the poor-hygiene, anime loving, "Teacher, I am raising my hand to ask a question only to show everyone how smart I am" kind of people.  Now, not all were like that, but in my attempts to distance myself from that crowd, it almost seemed universal that they all had their minds set on game development.  And hell, honestly, I hate programming in C++ and so much of game dev is done in it.  Give me C# and Full Stack development and the job opportunities are high paying and everywhere.
The thing I don't get is I told my wife last night I thought Sarah Palin was cringey and they if trump makes her hid VP he is going to sink his campaign. Then she got all offended saying she really likes her because she's a strong woman in politics,a role model, and a mom. My wife is fairly liberal with pro planned parenthood views and such. I don't get it.  I am not kidding. I've liked Trump for months now and my wife had totally dismissed him saying he's shallow and only married super model types and so on, but for whatever reason, last night, she sat next to me and listened to his speech I played... And actually reacted. I was shocked!
I live in a purple state.  Guns are a non-partisan issue here.  Both Democrats and Republicans lover our guns here.  As soon as the national Democrats go hard-on for gun control, our state goes red every time.  Focus on mental health and such, and maybe you can do something.  Ideas like the blanket banning of all assault weapons is an ignorant and ineffective tactic that always pisses people off, yet if you listen to the Democrat debates, they all can't wait to ban everyone's guns.  The real question should be asked: How do swing states feel about gun control issues?  Guess what, they don't want the government telling them which guns they can own.
Ok thank you for pointing that out. I just figured Glendale was a part of Phoenix, but I guess it's a suburb of the city.  But ya, I was reading about it and I couldn't believe how stupid they were to keep giving money for something that was never going to generate the revenue they needed.
You know, and I am not trying to lessen the seriousness of the corruption we do have, but having lived in Europe, several 3rd world African nations, and even a year in the UK, one of the things most refreshing about the US is the lack of low level corruption. I am not saying it doesn't exist, buy just pointing out that low level corruption almost everywhere else.
The problem is the conservative elitists on the right have morphed Conservative to be this anti-Gay, pro-Christian, originalist constitutional ideology, and if you don't tow the line with that, these elitists label you as not a true conservative.  They are pissed that while Trump wants a leaner, less wasteful, less intrusive government, but is also ok with boosting social security instead of cutting it.  They are pissed Trump seems to not follow the *correct* ideologies and party lines exactly.  Trump seems to follow neither Democrat nor Republican/Conservative ideologies.  Trump is not trying to prove he is the most qualified to be a Sunday School teacher, and this pisses them off, and they are all having aneurysms because no matter how much they tell their followers to not support Trump, it's not working.  Imo, the real reason they are so anti-Trump is the power.  The mainstream media hates Trump so much because he is the one candidate that has manipulated them and no matter how hard they have tried, they have not been able to take down.  Hell, he's the one person that doesn't seem to fear the media at all.  The conservative elitists are no different.  They're an exclusive club and only they can anoint and ordain people to join it.  Only they could give their seal of approval to people... and because they said Trump can't be a part of it, they are fighting him.  Think about this for a second...  The Republican frontrunner is 25-30pts ahead of the 2nd place candidate nearly every national poll.  Yet, the Republican leadership is telling everyone they shouldn't support him.  They are attacking their own frontrunner.  It's insanity.  It shows how little the actual political party represents the actual people of the party and how they are more interested in preserving their power interests.  A lot of people forget that politics is power, and politics in their pockets means billions and billions of dollars.  Trump is the wild card you cannot control.  The people love it, but those in power don't.  The reason Rush Limbaugh has been able to not just stay relevant for decades, but the far #1 leader on the radio, is because he has been able to put his finger on the pulse of America and read it well.  You don't have to like him or agree with him here to see this.  While all the other media pundits have been anti-Trump talking about his downfall, Limbaugh has been saying, "I don't know, I think Trump's America first nationalism is going to be quite popular," and he was right.  Now, he says he thinks Trump stepping away from the debate is probably the right choice and he completely gets it, whilst nearly all the other media heads are like "trump's first mega mistake!"  They are just pissed at Liimbaugh now too because he has chosen not to jump on the anti-Trump dogpile like everyone else and look at what has happened?  He stays relevant another 8 years when Trump wins the presidency (if that happens).  I started a Bernie supporter and I am now 100% a full-fledged Trump supporter because I believe he is the only person who actually stands a chance of rewriting the playbook in Washington and doing something for the benefit of the people for a change.  Anericans are Trump's priority.  America first!
Software developer here (not on this project of course lol)... I will say that the most-likely problem with this is that there is a central "brain" processor for like a dozen other processors, if not more, and the biggest problem is getting them all to talk to each other nicely.  Now, I am sure there's a ton of other deficiencies, but rumors are going around that this Lockheed project one, had a terrible infrastructural design from the beginning, and as such, the code bloat to make up for the deficiencies has been huge.  Furthermore, we are likely talking about 20-30 million lines of code with 1000 programmers stationed at 20 different coding sites around the country, and you expect there not to be massive issues?  I think the bigger problem with the project is they decided to retool everything custom for the F-35, all the radar, all the targeting, and everything rather than recycle the incredibly working software used in other jets, like the F-22.  Then there's the question about the one-size-fits-all theoretical design.
Dude, the guy is the one who funded and built the Vietnam Memorial in NYC in 1985 and has been an outspoken proponent of the Veterans for decades.  He has personally helped tons of veterans, and often he helps people without making a show out of it.  For example, remember that Marine that was arrested in Mexico a couple of years back?  Turns out that a couple of this Marine's friends leaked that Trump actually not only helped get him back into the US, of which Hillary Clinton did very little, but also gave him some startup money to get his life going again.  Trump later confirmed it was true when asked.  He does this stuff all the time away from the media's attention because he doesn't make a spectacle of it all unless it's to do a big fundraiser.  Trump has hosted many major veteran's fundraisers over the years.  This isn't exactly new news.  I am gonna guess you just *think* that because Trump is doing stuff for vets now this is something new.  You must not have been listening to Trump for the last 40 years.
I am voting for Trump if Hillary wins as I no longer feel that the Democrat party nor the Republican party really represent the people anymore. Trump is a guy who follows no party lines, as in he talks big on immigration and stopping the illegals, but then wants a more robust social security system, which goes against Republican and conservative talking points.   Bernie is kind of the outside too, but I find it it's Hillary vs Trump, which is most likely imo, then Trump I at least know what I am going to get by voting for him. There's no hidden beliefs behind the curtains. There's no secret agendas. I at least know what I am getting with him and I don't think I do with Hillary. It helps I agree with trump on a lot of things, like how I am pisssed my party has essentially become the pro illegal immigration party to pander the Hispanic vote. I *HATE* that so much.
Holy crap man... I hate to sound cheezy, but your review was what actually inspired me to build my own PC instead of buy pre-built, just so I could afford all the parts and the GPU.  Haha NJ! :)  I was 23 at time and had never built a PC before.
I just have to say, this game did a lot of things right... It is worth the full price of the game.  I barely play video games anymore, just because of time, but I really invested in playing through this and I had a true blast doing it.  Gotta hand it to the devs for not just going for the brand name cash grab here.
It will only hurt him if he is found guilty, and even then, it will only hurt him to a certain extent as this is a CIVIL case and not exactly a criminal indictment here.  Thus, it could just be written off easily by people that like Trump as a poor business decision, among many good business decisions.  Anyway, I find the NYT article to be a little disingenuous and slanted here though, as it tries to push some narrative that people actually believed they were getting a BS/BA degree from an accredited university, which is just a total croc.  I actually went to one of their free seminars some years ago at a hotel and every knew exactly what it was, a SEMINAR series.  And hell, while it may seem pricey to outsiders, it's actually a more mid-ranged priced seminar series.  Many of them are much pricier, in various fields, particularly the health and wellness sector.  God, those seminar series are outrageous, like up to 80-100k to get a certificate from the "Life coaching school."   So, again, it's not a criminal thing, it's a civil case, and as such, I don't see it hurting Trump much, if at all.  Imo, this is the type of thing that lands on people's confirmation bias.  If you don't like Trump, this is just a story that helps justify your anti-Trump feelings.  Again, civil, not criminal, thus I doubt it affects him in terms of his followers.
I  live in Tucson, AZ and you are the one completely bullshitting.  You should try reading up all the problems just at the grade-school level with TUSD and La Rasa.  Go ahead, Google it.  It's a huge problem.  It's even more of a problem in Southern California.
As a guy who once dated a Real-Estate agent for 1.5 years, holy hell this is unbelievably true.  I used to accompany her to open houses so she wouldn't be there alone and stuff.  I remember one family had painted each wall in their house a different color.  For example, living room, each side of the wall would be a solid color, and this carried on for every single wall in the entire house, including bathrooms, with no repeated colors.  It looked terrible.  They actually tried to argue, at first, that it brought value to the place by making it seem more Art-Deco or something like how they put it.  Basically it was decided to do an open house and for them to be present during it, but to pretend to be just observers, not the owners, and then see what others were saying...  Ya, the very next week a full repainting of the entire interior of the house was scheduled, just to be white.  They sold the house 2 weeks after repainting.  They didn't get a single interested person after that first open house.
Wow really?  I don't mean to bug you, but is this in any way related to debt charge-offs too?  For example, when I was 22 and a freshly college graduated idiot, having somehow made it through college debt free, I proceeded to go 30k in debt through a credit card for a startup company myself and a friend made... Again, we didn't even LLC at first we were that dumb and all the debt was taken out in my name.  Anyway, long-story short, business fails after a year, or at least we never made more than 1000 profit per month and it just wasn't enough to live on or even pay our bills, so the whole thing imploded, and I ended up not being able to pay my bills for like 3.5 months.  Finally, after negotiating with the bank, they settled my 30k debt down to 6.5k.  It took me 2 years to fully pay off, but I thought that was done and done, aside from killing my credit for a few years.  Are you saying that I technically owed whatever my income was that year + 23.5k and the taxes on that?  I am certain I never reported that debt charge-off as additional income.  That was like 9 years ago...  Or, is it different because it is a credit card?
