I think I showed them my bank statements. It was a J1 visa, so I went for an internship that was compensated but still they wanted proof I could support myself should the compensation be lower than the living wage or you get fired or your company gets bankrupt. I don't think I had more than $4K in the bank at the time. Not sure about F1 visas.  There is a specialized forum where you can get specific answers on the subject.   visajourney.com
As a Muslim, I will continue to be the Muslim that I am before, during and after the existence of ISIS. Growing my beard and trying to look like Moses, Jesus or Muhammad peace be upon them.
I don't get it. You're American but currently live in Morocco? And you want to drop one of the sisters off at her home after inviting them and leaving her with money? I'm a little confused.  In any case, Moroccans still expect you to fight over who is going to pay. Not resisting can be seen as rude. One way to assert that you are going to pay is by offering to go out in advance to places they haven't went to or don't know like "bowling". You should have paid since you have initiated the trip. Maybe they wanted to help partially for it.  I hope this helps, but I'm sorry if your story is not clear to me.
I'm just helping him get smarter on the long run.
I always have the habit of spelling the state regardless of how it's written.
Well, you need to cope with weed severage rather than filling the void with something else. Now, you need to quit drinking.
How did that affect your relationship with your mom in terms of trusting her again? Did your level of trust in her get lower? Did she take you seriously once you grew older?
I don't have kids, but I have a different relationship with my parents. And if everyone got their treat, no, I wouldn't go after theirs.
The least I can say of the road from Chefchaouen back to Tetoutan is dangerous. (Tetouan-Tangier is fine).  Be cautious and use a lot of defensive driving. If you have never driven in Morocco, know that just because someone has a stop sign they will stop and wait for you to pass, if there is space they'll try and fit in before you reach them, causing you to break frequently in these situations.  Some cars might force themselves in your way to change lanes or go in another direction (NYC style). Be careful of all these unpredictabilities.
I have done A1-R405-A2 back and forth many times when I went to school in Meknes. Straight line.  EDIT:  The other alternative goes through small towns and villages and is obviously slower. A1 and A2 are highways (toll worth the gas and the money) that's why it's quicker and safer.
As an Arab keeping eye contact when addressed by parents is important and throughout society as a whole.  Being scolded is different.
Someone molested you at a young age?
Thank you for your message and your interaction with me on this subject.  &gt;I'd never become a Muslim in this scenario  That's exactly how 20 000 Americans revert to Islam post 9/11. Deep down inside each and everyone of us, there's this question about the purpose of life and our existence on earth. Some people choose to figure out the answer, others party every weekend trying to silence the voice inside of them. Many people came to Islam just by praying to Allah and asking Him to guide them, they were not looking for Islam or the Quran, but ended up embracing the religion because they had a great eagerness to find the truth and they eventually did. Good for them. May Allah guide them even further. I personally know many reverts whose parents are not Muslim, whose parents actually hate Islam.  &gt;And a bad Muslim will eventually make it to the paradise because of Chafa3a  It's not automatic, a Muslim is someone who does the 5 pillars (minus Hajj which depends on circumstances). Technically, if someone prays 5 times a day and builds his life around prayer. His life is shaped by this act of worship and this constant connection with Allah. If you have ever reached khuchu' (concentration) in your salah you'd know what I'm talking about. If not, sorry to tell you that you dropped out before feeling the taste of faith.  &gt;That's not the biggest unanswered question, it's one of many.  I asked for the biggest, you gave me this really easy question :)  &gt;if you are trying to prove something to me  Just trying to see what kind of Moroccans are on reddit and why do they brag being ex-Muslims.  &gt;Don't be sure of yourself, no one who ever tried to convince me escaped without letting me shaking his beliefs.  Just shake it. Islam is my religion and it is the absolute truth and I'm not afraid to defend it and turn over every rock and talk about any subject you'd like to talk about. That's how you figure out the truth from falsehood, getting to the bottom of it and not giving up midway.  &gt;So even if Allah shows himself to me in person, I'll refuse to obey.  Enough said.  &gt;we shouldn't be trying to convert each other  I'm calling you to the way of Allah. The right way. If you refuse, so be it. It's your choice. Just warning you of possible consequences on day of judgement. I have no power to convert you or change your heart. Only Allah can change a person's heart. And he will not change your condition until you are willing to change yourself. From deep within yourself.  I thank you again for all your answers. And please consider going back to Allah's straight path. He will forgive all your past sins. Do so as long as you're aware of it and as long as you're alive. Deep within yourself you know that you did not leave Islam because Islam didn't make sense, but maybe because you started hanging out with the wrong crowd that influenced you negatively, or perhaps you moved to a western country and could not keep up with practicing your religion, whatever it is, you know the answer. Thank you.
Yeah, I'm good with this sub. And you don't technically count since you don't live in Morocco and are thinking about getting rid of your citizenship.
I replaced the 4S back cover and it didn't come with a logo. One with a logo (took off from genuine iPhones) only costs about $3 on eBay but that would make my iPhone pretty usual. I'm keeping it like this.
1. What makes you think all Muslims are Muslims because of their parents? I can guarantee to you than the more you doubt religion and research it the better and stronger you get at it.  2. Flaws in the Arab or Muslim world do not equate to flaws in Islam as a religion. The religion is perfect. And I certainly find more people that are willing to bash the bureaucracy of my country than  praising it.  3. A revert is no different than a non revert. Except perhaps that the revert learns Arabic to be able to learn more about the religion in its authentic language. Other than that, they are no angels and go through the same struggles someone who was born a Muslim faces.
My fiancee of 4 years was a convert and I know many other converts. Truth is you can't convert or deconvert people at wish no matter how hard you try, it's in God's hands.
Fiancée
I'm not confusing the 2. I like to call the money that the credit card company lends me at an extra charge whether that's going to be from my bill or the merchant's bill as interest. Because from the credit card's companies perspective they lend $100 and end up getting $100 + 3%. That's the usury right there.   I did not know about the flat fee and the percentage. And if those examples you put there are accurate that is one more reason for me to pay with debit and avoid credit. Thank you very much.
Got something like that from ebay for $5. Had to wait for it to be shipped from China though.
I have the same. Thinking of switching to electricity to avoid changing that propane/butane tank.
I went to school in Morocco all my life, we never had this. Meanwhile, some western women are very conservative but some others are way more "kinky" than the most kinkiest of Arab women.
That's the way it is. It is not my logic. But this is how the religion of Islam is. It is earned and not labeled upon ourselves. It depends on where you have been, whom you have been with and the environment thay you have visited that led you to believe that.  As far as I'm concerned the majority of the people in my circle of friends, family, co-workers and neighbours maintained their 5 daily prayers.  The mosques are packed 5 times a day. I guess it's a matter of perspective.
I thought you moved to Morocco.. ;)
I received a note saying I had something to pick up. I always had to go pick it up from the post office. Anything below 500 dirhams you do not have to pay any fees. Also, if your friends/family send you something during the holidays (Eid Al Fitr, Eid Al Adha..etc) you do not pay any customs even if the item exceeds 500 dirhams in value.
I bought stuff from aliexpress and the cheapest option always had some tracking provided. I just put the thing on 17track.net and it tells me where it is. And yes, I got the notice with the cheapest shipping option on Aliexpress.   Never bought things from Chinese sellers on eBay and having them delivered to Morocco, it takes 2-3 weeks for the items to arrive to the US, sometimes more.
Yeah definitely. Had 100% of my items delivered on about 25+ orders or so.   EDIT: Sorry just saw your answer about eBay above.
Sounds like what my ex fiancée used to do. Bullying. Even though I told her not to do certain things she'd still repeat them and think they are fun.
Might be a good idea to shovel this evening shortly after sunset. Leaving snow overnight in freezing temperatures may make the snow rock-hard next morning.  Source: I lived in the north.
It's bad if the snow hardens overnight, especially in freezing temperatures (&lt;32F).  I have hit rock hard snow with spades before (blade upwards) and all it did was resonate like you're hitting a rock.
I'm from Tangier. Friends and family have had that for all their packages. They check if it's legal/illegal. Some things need permits to import like Gold, some things cannot be imported like drugs (unless you're some research lab and have the proper permits), medicines are also controlled and have specific channels by which they are imported, food is also not allowed and needs to go through channels other than post mail. Freight coming by sea usually has state officials and doctors checking all the food, medicines..etc coming into the country.  They check for these kind of things.
Oh okay. English is my 3rd language, but that's no excuse to not get things right. Thanks.
Wow. Computer Programmer here. Never thought there's such a big demand on software like this. I would gladly sell it at $100 for any number of computers.
Telling myself that I've learned enough is how I'll stop progressing ;)
There is a good number of Moroccans on visajourney.com  I think last year alone around 70 people filed for a Moroccan spouse/fiance(é) and they all had their stories of meeting their potential spouses in Morocco and how it went.  There is [Amanda](http://marocmama.com). I don't know her story but her husband and her lived in the US for 10 years and had 2 kids and a few years ago made the move to Morocco. I think Amanda met MarocBaba (nickname) when she came visiting to Morocco. I think her parents opposed it but she traveled to him anyway. And it's a good success story unlike visajourney where people are getting to know each other and never lived under the same roof or in their 1st year..etc  I know someone (through vj.com) from a Souss village who met an American girl who was visiting as a tourist. He now lives in California with her parents filing for his Green Card after they got married.  And of course, a ton of sad endings as well. People with good faith will go all the way, and others will scam you and waste your time. And believe me, it goes both ways. Some Americans will waste your time and some Moroccans will waste your time and in the meantime some Moroccans will make every effort worth it and some Americans will make every effort worth it. Don't be too doubtful but keep an eye on any possible red flags. As long as you're not married, anything can happen.
It's not Moroccan law that forbids  Moroccans from traveling to the US, it's the visa the US requires. And to get a visa one must have strong ties to his country like money in the bank, property or a stable job. Sometimes all of them combined might be necessary to show the consular officer your good faith.   With that being said, I have been through a painful relationship online and it is very different from real life especially when the 2 are from different cultures and different backgrounds. It's not love, it's lust.  Love is when your wife is sick and needs someone to walk her to the toilet and help her vomit because she was food poisoned. That's love. Marry the man who walks you to the bathroom (lookup a Washington Post article by the same name)
You're getting downvoted but something similar to OP happened to me. Mom didn't like fiancee. Fiancee after 3-4 years was still not ready to go forward towards marriage and before I knew it I found out she talked to other people and was thinking about taking me or this other person. You have no idea what we went through and she was still able to compare me with people she just met 2 months ago.  Needless to say after 4 years of first showing her to my mom, I talked to my mom and told her that she was right all along.
OP, I had something very similar happen to me. Turns out fiancee was talking to other dudes online that she considered potentials but still would never let go of me. Eventually I found out and I left and I went to my mom and told her she was right all along.  Major red flag OP. Your girl wasn't shocked when your mom asked her. She was laughing because your mom was the only one who unveiled her secret. Her laugh is a duping delight.  I say walk away and forget about her. Talk to your mom. If not, you'll figure things out hopefully not too late.
I used to write several Ls when I was younger. Like all one above the other.
Not OP. But, why are they being destructive? What's the purpose? I have witnessed these cases before.
I would come late and leave later.
I have visited Germany and seen enough police action to say what I said.  I have seen police in Germany go through a train's car carelessly checking everyone, then they came back for specific people to check them. They pretend to be careless while actively doing their job. Police in the US have a more direct and confrontational way of engaging people. If they come to you, they come to you. If they don't, they don't.  I have also watched something about ticket control on the Berlin subway. The controllers not only dress in plain clothes but the company is hiring unsuspected employees (old man with a cane, young teenager..etc).
You're worried about me? I'm a Muslim that you may define as a white Muslim. But we're all Muslims. Islam is the common denominator.
As a programmer I'm highly opposed to some kind of video games that are just a complete waste of time. I'd rather have the fruit of my work benefit mankind during my life and after my death. But my best friend, who's also a programmer, is fond of game programming.. I'm going to show him your story, he's gonna love it. Haha.  On another note, alhamdu lillah brother. The path differs but eventually Allah leads his servants to the one and only truth there is.
Awesome! Do you mind me asking if you're in the US? Does your masjid follow local moonsighting or is it just you personally? Thanks!
Thank you for your kind advice brother. I live in a Muslim country but I have witnessed the separation caused by this while visiting several western countries.  It's safe to say that some people are really not the best positioned to manage a masjid. I have witnessed some crazy things. Don't get me started on that. Management would not listen however you tackle it because they feel like they own the masjid.  A lot of people are differing on when to fast, whether it's following Saudi Arabia or doing calculations. But I urge all people managing masjids to go out and witness the presence or the absence of the moon and giving an announcement afterwards like the brothers mentioned.  It makes absolutely no sense to just follow Saudi Arabia.
Like I mentioned in my latest PM. People usually upload them privately on imgur and provide me with the link.  I have also provided an email for your convenience.  Thanks!
We were not created except to worship Allah. And worship is through different ways. There is the mandatory salah and them every good action you do in the sake of Allah is a form of worship.  Working is a form of worship, feeding your kids is a form of worship, removing an obstacle from the sidewalk or the road is a form of worship. Taking care of your wife and children is a form of worship. Getting intimate with your wife is a form of worship since you're doing it in the halal as opposed to the haram.  It's my duty to pass the message of God and his messenger to the non Muslims I come across in my life. It is not my duty to convert them or change their heart. Only God can change their hearts.  Allah says in the Quran : "You do not guide whom you love, but Allah guides whom he wants".
Do you have an iPhone? The weather app has sunset times for the day.  If not a lot of other apps could give you accurate sunset times.  May Allah accept our fast and yours.
I'm from Tangier but lived in Meknes for a year while attending Moulay Ismail University :)
