Im glad it didnt show their ping.
I got the Santa Baron if that counts
&gt;I'm legally blind  POP HOL IT DOWN!
Didnt make it to Ohio aswell
Holycrap I saw these vids like last year and instantly felt improve ment in my play. U the real MVP
I swear I played like 6 dawngate games and the next day found out that it was getting shut down same with IC
my toaster cant run it
Mines was 60% last season
Yea when I first started playing PC game. I tried to map everything to a game pad.
Seriously I've tried that, my hair grows too fast
I have one right now, but Ive given up on wave a long time ago. Im content with girls going "ohhh u got good hair".
I know right makes me mad that I never kept a fro till I was grown.
Whenever I see somebody on hoth I get freeked out
My Heat freind think wade still has this in him
Yea, I understand what ur on about. But I'll Rock with OKC til the end..... I also own too to Thunder gear to jump ship.
Hey Dade much Love from [/r/nba ](http://i.imgur.com/DUVxfvw.png)
I knew what is was as soon as I seen grapefruit
Me dodging the people I left in 2015
I use to make the belt wrap around my arm.
All my friends that say that are the ones who had the parents my mom didn't like. She say "she could tell they wasn't shit". And my friend that got the most whoppings said he don't plan on making assbeatings as common as they were for him growing up because fuck that shit.
I wish I coud grow a beard like that @ 23
I had no clue about sonic-gate when I became a OKC fan.
Hell Im bronze and I've done it before. Its mostly luck and map awareness.
My dog doesnt like light skin people. We dont understand it but he only growls at my Niece and lil Cousin.
I had a dude tell me he was the alpha on my pick-up basketball team one time. I gave his bitch ass the ball every trip up court. Ive never intentionally lost a game til that day
I didn't see the movie til after X-mas  and I was already spoiled by then. So I wont talk about starwars7 outside of /r/StarWars. Because that movie was awesome.
My main issue was he was a tall dude, but not a big man. I mean its pick up at a community college so ain't too many people thats taller than me and him(im 6'6' and skinny-ish). He just kept shooting and not making it.
Anybody wanna try their hand coaching a bronze NA player pm me. I would be nice to have my gameplay judged.
I just live with the ADs. Ill go get some water while I wait
I had to unsub til I saw the movie
I got spoiled about Hans death well before I saw the movie. I just choose to deny it. Sad times.
DO I need to know any German? And will I have any problems being black in there?  Edit: I appreciate all the replies. lookinfg into things now.
I do it 3 times because I have a long haired dog.
My sunroof in my car puts a part in my fro if I sit up in it. So I have the same habbit.
damn son! I went from 90+ to 36 north of Cincinnati Im jelly.
Oh man Im getting old
One of my boys got put out the house for getting his dick sucked. It was hard as fuck to have his back with a straight face.
Im doing /r/nosex
I experienced this on my 1st trail account. I had no clue what was happening.
Im stuck on tiny arms.
I had this same thought. Then she popped up in the 1st ten seconds.
Counsole games have more media penetration. People are just more familiar with FPS games. Hell LoL was the 1st non-MMO or Simcity PC game I ever played. I spent a mount playing with a gamepad.
That never happend at my school. Ive heard of Coaches at other schools just casting out whole classes, that shit savage AF.
My 1st Church League I got kicked out of  because this old dude was getting bitch-ass calls. I messed around and went off on him and the ref who was his pastor.
&gt;Didn't get shot.  It was a good day
He dressed like the girl I sat next to in British Lit last semester
I  live in Ohio and have my whole life. I seen people flip-flop on the Cavs 1st hand. Downvote wont change this and just because there are a grope that flips doesnt change the fact that there are loyal fans.
I like to mess with my mom by telling her Chicago pizza taste better with gunpowder parmesan. She swings.
That runescape bit in the best comment made me tear up a lil. I had a moment when I was younger where I would never make a black character in a MMO. Because of Runescape
I bought him when I was like lvl 15 in season 2 and learned and hated him because of all the skill shots. I picked him back up in S3 and it was magic.
