I usually play multiplayer games on PC. I've purchased a ton of single player games like all of the Batmans, Bioshocks, Half Life, etc and they never get any play. Usually if I sign into Steam, I'm looking to play with friends. But games like Borderlands 2, Left 4 Dead 2, TF2, KF2 are what I mostly play. I definitely want the experience of multiplayer games on console, but I think just chilling and playing a single player game is why I want a console. But that is a great point about PC and Xbox. If Quantum Break appeared on PC, I would probably be sold on PS4.
My friends play on Steam. I hated the PS3 controller, so I guess I'm glad to hear it's become much better.
Yeah, I have a few Steam pals that have Xbones. But all of my IRL friends have PS4s. I think this might be tipping the scale.
I was conflicted because I've always been a Nintendo dude and only knew a handful of console titles for the other systems. Action-adventures are my fav type of games, so looks like I'll be joining the PS4 fam.
I use Steam heavily for multiplayer games, most of my friends are already there. One of the reasons I started looking at consoles was for the immersive single player stories, exploring, and adventure type games. And to get away from my desk setup and onto my couch. If Xbox tends to skew FPS game-wise, then you've summed it up perfectly for me. Thank you! I'll just have to pray Recore and Quantum Break come to PC, those games look so tight.
Some people work here and have to drive through it. Especially if you're coming from the valley for work.
Jill Stein fanboy here and the vitriol goes both ways. But here on reddit, Bernie supporters have the upper hand since everything is biased and catered to him other than a couple of specific candidate subs.
Thanks for this image. I'm trolling all of my Facebook friends and posting it on their profiles.
Oh God, I never realized how much I wanted this.
If it's true Omar Mateen frequented the gay bar, it's another self hating, closeted gay hating other gays because the world told him it's wrong. That is not one of my people, he did not murder his own. There is a clear distinction of identity here.
Waze: Make a left onto Hauser from 6th street and then get pulled over by the cop sitting there because lefts are illegal from 4 - 7pm.   Me: Fuck Waze.
Oh shit, there are other gay men of color on this sub. I know how you feel bro.
Nah. I voted for Jill in the primaries. But I will not allow Trump to take office because I vote Jill again in the general. There's so many people who will be shat on with Trump's supreme court justice nominations.
The wall color, the couch color, the chalkboard. Yikes!
I want to echo the attachments sentiment. Don't be afraid of them. Rarely anyone knows I have Invisalign until I sit down to lunch with friends and take them out. I have 8 attachments on all of my top front teeth. Not super noticeable at all.
I just played that section last night where you're driving in the Jeep through beautiful scenery and an amazing score.
I've been honked at immediately as a light turns green or when making a left/right turn with pedestrians in the crosswalk. For as much time as we spend in the car, people are impatient if they can't see why you're not moving when you have ROW.
Was on sale recently for $7, worth it at that price. I enjoyed the game, cinematic and short.
The second photo is what my place used to look like, it's the same wall. Camera is the same, iPhone 6.
I lose to Widow more when she has help from a teammate and not because of a headshot during a jump (which is rare if at all in QP). An unexpected jump and good shield placement and she's done for.
I only come into these posts to see Bloodborne and Witcher 3. Then I go into the "overrated game" posts and CTRL F for the exact same games.
Coffee table is too small for the space. I have the same one with lighter legs. I'd look into getting something rectangular and not made of glass. Glass adds the illusion of space which you have a lot of in this room. Coffee table should be spaced 12 to 18 inches from the couch and chair.
Add me: memophilia#1734 and we can test out my bad strats.
I play in 4K elo just fine. The great thing about Pharah is she can be right above you and then somewhere else in less than a second. If you aren't using her mobility, you aren't playing her correctly. [Watch how close Valkia](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tc7nTHCWgxU) gets to his targets and how he uses positioning to disrupt the enemies formation. If you're trying to sleep dart a moving Pharah targeting you, you're doing everything wrong. And I say this as an Ana main.
Not sure what's up with your tone here. But add me (battle tag: memophilia) and we can do a custom game if you have five friends.  http://masteroverwatch.com/profile/pc/us/memophilia-1734/season/3  And I linked you a highlight vid because I doubt you'd want to spend more than five minutes watching Valkia play. Here's his youtube channel, you can click on any video to backup what I said. https://www.youtube.com/user/valkia/videos
If you don't use the dining room table. Downsize. Get rid of it. Buy a couple of bar stools and put them at the edge of your kitchen counter. Then move your desk into the dining area. Getting my desk out of my bedroom was one of the best decisions I made.
It took me quite while to understand there was a mirror on the left side of the bed.
I hear you. I'm on your side. But there is no such thing as a white voice or a black voice. And there's no 100% way to tell someone's race online unless they tell you or you see them. I'm contesting your blanket statement and not the racism you're facing. I typically get the reverse from you: "you don't sound black, you sound white." And that's 100% based on my background and where I grew up.    Dialects, ebonics, slang, cultural accoutrements all effect how someone sounds. There's no real evidence of a characteristic physiological voice produced by people of different races. What differences there are, physiologically, are more than overwhelmed by age, health, and the deliberate use of the social voice.  Tldr: There are tons of people who "sound white" but aren't white. So basing race off voice alone is not proof of who is perpetuating racism.
Anas PTR nerfs were ridiculous at first and gave her no sustainability.  You died so quickly when grenade self heal was nerfed. I was always out of the fight looking for health packs. Most people wanted a grenade damage nerf.
Same. The amount of times I have to ask my team to clear Winston bubbles is ridiculous.
Longer. I've had it enabled since I started the game in season two.
As someone who six stacks in QP, we do it to practice our strats. We play Pharmercy, Sombra/Dva, Winston/Genji, or anti dive Torb/Sym, triple tank. It's good practice and playing solo queue quick play is just not fun when you have no coordination and half the team is made up of snipers.
I was hoping the Orisa shot it from across the map.   Not so much luck and more the Mei was cautious of the Orisa coming to your aide. So Mei backs up but fires her finishing icicle into the newly placed barrier. If Mei didn't back up, she would have killed you.
Same here. There are some cool skins out there that I don't have. But the majority of the characters that I want them for, I have them for.
I have 15K saved up right now for the cosmetics I'll end up purchasing near the end of the event. I probably spent around 8K during Uprising, but I also didn't fully exhaust the amount of coins I had during that event. I will for sure grab the Sym/Lucio skins and a couple of dance emotes and call it a day. I want to make sure I'll have at least 3K bankedin case there's something amazing in the next event I won't get in lootboxes. I usually play once or twice a week, so I will admit that I played much, much more during this event than I usually do to bankroll coin and lootboxes.  I would like the majority of the dance emotes, but that's simply not possible and I'm okay with that. I'm fairly happy with what I have so far.
That already happens. I've jumped off the map to regroup with the team right before a Pharah booped and it gave her the kill.
Semantics nitpick there, the context of what I've said should be easy to parse. But I'll clarify. I want all of the cosmetics that Blizzard makes available because who doesn't. I don't play Widow, so I didn't buy it even though it's a rad skin. I like the Genji skin from this event too and would love to have it, but I don't play him either so not going to spend the coin on it. At the end of this event, I will have everything I absolutely want.
One of my pet peeves is when I place a TP and I tell the Soldier at spawn not to use TP because we have won the fight and he can walk back and we'll be fine. And then he uses it. Or if I die as Sym, I'll ask my team if we're winning the fight, so I can know to use TP or walk. And then no one responds.
I only play Winston in QP mainly because there's a Hanzo and Widow on every team. I get matched with Masters players and many of them are so try hard it makes every gsme not fun. So I co platelet understand the Winston jumping on the Hanzo headshot ting the entire team.
I love going in is and using translocator as bait.
&gt; sombra is borderline useless  I was listening up until here. Though it's not surprising news that this community largely doesn't know how to play the hero. Two things: Sombra requires communication and Sombra wins team fights.
Ilios. Match point. My team retook point at 99%, killed 5, then 3 jumped into the well. Mei came back just as the overtime timer was about to expire. She one shots me across the map And we lose the game because I was the only person on the point. I have never reached that level of tilt before in a video game.
[Top 500 Ana/Soldier](https://www.overbuff.com/players/pc/memophilia-1734) in S4 and I also play Pharah and Widow.
Randomly came across the video in my recommended section on Youtube. Thought it was pretty accurate as to why Mercy gets so much hate from the Overwatch community.
It's gender neutral and fine. Personally I think sofas look better than futons. There's something about a futon that always said college and temporary. A sofa says this is permanent and a home.
So there is an actual chance I can live here then. Yeah this space is pretty unique for LA and you should be super proud of this find.
Quake... So basically Pharah, a kit you won't find in most fps games. I'm a mechanical scrub, my aim sucks, I can't carry games. But I can still do well in a game like Overwatch because it has a lot more to offer than your typical fps. I love that the game isn't completely based around aim and head shots like the majority of fps games out there. Overwatch's uniqueness is in its low skill accessibility, it's inclusion, it's mass appeal of heroes. I never would have played this game if it weren't for heroes like Lucio/Soldier who have extremely low skill floors while remaining genuinely fun to play. I never would have played to improve game sense, positioning, tracking, awareness to main a hero like Ana. The game you want is not the one that made Overwatch what it is today. Respect it for what it is and if you can't, there are a thousand other mechanically intensive first person shooters that reward you for not being a scrub.
I water my sans once or twice every two months. Every two weeks feels like it might be too much. These are hardy plants that can withstand drought, what they don't love is constantly wet soil. The easiest way to kill them is overwatering. Make sure you're allowing the soil to dry out an inch an depth at least before you water.
Ana main here. There's two factors. She gets shit on in dive comps which Zen/Lucio/Mercy dominate more. Secondly, she was nerfed to reduce her pick-rate from top-tier. Ana play has dropped and that's a good thing.
Ehh, you can definitely find a 2bed for that price. I pay $1500 for a one bedroom. Last year when I was looking to move there was a 2 bedroom on WSR priced at $1700 off Curson and Willoughby. They are definitely out there though.
