Having seen and gotten involved in my share of dying businesses, you're not necessarily doing him any favors by propping something that is still on the way out at the sacrifice of your health and sanity.    If he's doing something wrong or is undercapitalized, it would be better if he acknowledged what was wrong and either fixed that or walked away before going horribly into debt.
Same here. I immediately named them Ashley and Brandon.
Your life was jeopardized with your last pregnancy. Pre-eclampsia is no joke, as you well know. It's one of the big reasons why women died back in the bad old days. Perhaps you're afraid of becoming pregnant.    Regarding your career frustrations, I want to urge you to develop a career. If you have these frustrations, it's for a reason. Also, you never know what might happen in the future. Something might happen to your husband and then you would be in financial peril. Whether or not you have children in the future, you need to be ready to provide for yourself.    This is from my personal experience. I gave up two great jobs for my husband, and it turned out to be an unwise decision. Now I'm middle aged and trying to rebuild a new career. People aren't so eager to hire middle aged women.   Please don't let this happen to you. No matter how this turns out, and I do hope you take everyone else's advice to seek professional help, please take steps now to be able to hold down a job, and if you do end up having kids, their young, dependent years are short. Stay employed!
Do you have any friends or family from before you were married? Reach out to these people, even if you feel like you could die from shame, even if you haven't contacted some of them in years. I'm betting that there are more than a few of them who would be thrilled to hear from you and support you in various ways--a place to stay, a recommendation for a lawyer, an old car, a job tip.   These people are out there. Look for them.   To your ex's face, be "fresh as a lettuce." Act sweet and non-threatening. Never let him guess what you're about to do next.    Step 0. Document all interactions with your ex.  Step 1. Make a back up his computer. Get a new computer that's all yours. Don't let him know of its existence. Change all your passwords.   Step 2. Reach out to friends. Get the best lawyer you can, even if you have to borrow money (what's going on with your family?). Whatever the lawyer says, do.   Step 3. With the help of the lawyer, women's shelters, and friends, make an escape plan and get out. Take the kids, but bear in mind that there is probably no reason for you to get full custody. Take your lawyer's advice and stay legal. (Adultery makes no difference in a divorce case).   Step 4. Once you're out of the house, file for divorce.   Bear in mind that once you move out, as long as you're upholding the terms of the separation agreement, he does not need to know where you live. All correspondence can go through your lawyer, and the kids can be picked up and dropped off at school.    EDIT: this goes with Step 0: Take care of your body. You won't be able to make all the new and renewed connections you have to make, love your children,find a job, find a new place to live, and survive the various legal proceedings that are going to take up your time for the next couple of years, unless you find a healthy way to deal with your stress. Eat your vegetables, stay away from caffeine, alcohol and refined carbs, spend at least 1/2 hour every day doing something that makes you sweat, get enough sleep, practice some form of meditation daily, and get yourself and your children into therapy.
Engage with him as little as possible. Be vague, pleasant, noncommittal.   I'm with pretty much everybody else in this thread in thinking you should get out this week. Make a plan, keep it secret, and GTFO. Don't answer his calls or emails. Save voicemails and emails from him.  And DO NOT COMMUNICATE WITH HIM directly after that.
Sex us fun. You are young. It is hard to control strong impulses when you are young.    Fortunately, you were intelligent enough to know what to do to take responsibility about it.   Over the next couple of weeks, if your girlfriend feels like she is about to get her period and then doesn't, she may be pregnant.    You know who can really help you? Planned Parenthood. They are amazing about giving away free, high quality condoms, because they know that people who don't have much money still like to have sex.   Here's how you will channel your worry into something productive. Do some research and find the nearest Planned Parenthood. Make an appointment for yourself and your girlfriend in which you tell them the whole story you told us here. They should be friendly and non-judgmental so that the next time sex impulses hit, you will have a plan and equipment in place. They will also help you plan what to do in case your girlfriend turns out to be pregnant.   Good luck, and here's hoping your girlfriend's "little red friend" appears soon.   P.S. You should keep going to that pharmacy, because it sounds like they've got your back.
The phrase "please don't, that's inappropriate," uttered in a low, almost kindly voice (implying that it doesn't bother me personally) goes a long way for me. Then say "thank you" when they stop.   I don't see how any parent could fault you for trying to keep things "appropriate." That word is your friend.
That's a very solid rant.    When I was young,  we were challenged as elementary students. I slowly came to realize how very unusual that was.   I think if I had been educated "here's-how-to-do-it-now-do-it" formula day in and day out, I might have turned into the worst student out there.
It's really noble of you to be working on a way to keep Dad in the picture. But if Dad isn't that motivated to see the boy, I want to present some problems that you may confront.    I have a lot of experience with moving a boy around because my ex was in academia. You and your boy would enjoy what I did: lots of dislocation without the support of military benefits and social structure. Yes, we got to see the country and had many unforgettable experiences, but you can get the same by vacationing. It really hurt both my son and I to keep saying good-bye to friends, to have to abandon community and places we had grown attached to, to have to keep finding new doctors and dentists and schools all over again. Fortunately, my son turned out to have very strong social skills, so he always managed to make new friends. Many kids are not so lucky and would struggle a lot more and end up being socially isolated.   Small children, and boys in particular, need space to run around and act like the little monkeys that they are. They deserve a living situation which is appropriate to this need where they won't end up breaking things and getting yelled at a lot. They need parks and playgrounds and they need friends in those spaces, because playing even with a cool, fun mom isn't ever going to be the same. They need to have things like bikes and skateboards and basketballs, and these things are going to get dusty and dirty, because children need physical, unstructured play.   Kids also need a certain amount of toys and art supplies. Whereas I agree wholeheartedly that many modern children have too many toys, it is normal for kids to develop interests, which may be intense. Some of these interests will fade quickly but some of these will develop into lifelong interests. Toys and play develop a child's mind and imagination, and playing with their friends develops a child's social skills. I learned about math and reading diagrams playing with blocks and Legos. Both my son and I spent much of our childhoods building elaborate imaginary cities with people, buildings, cars, trains, and airports, and both alone and with our friends, concocted ongoing and complex dramas of crime, natural disasters, attacking monsters, international intrigue, and noble sorrows and grand tragedies. You need a box of toys to really get that going.   Kids need books. Sure, you can cycle out the books they've outgrown as you acquire new ones, and you can rely largely on your local bookstore, public library, or the Internet, but  young children find tremendous comfort in re-reading certain beloved books over a number of years, and older children deserve to enjoy having a favorite book or two that is all their own--an encyclopedia of reptiles and amphibians, a Spanish-English picture dictionary, a book of sports cars or WWII airplanes--whatever your kid loves and finds continuity in.   Kids need a place to do their homework. That place needs things like a stapler, glue, markers or crayons, pens and pencils, a pencil sharpener, and scissors. They need enough space to put the posterboard flat and still have some room for the supplies when they're working on that project on Volcanoes or Martin Luther King, Jr. You need room for a laptop and a printer and a backup drive with daily backups for that inevitable day when he spills his drink all over the laptop.   To live in a tiny house, you need to be tidy and organized. you can t let the dishes just go; you can't let the laundry pile up. You have to curate your possessions ruthlessly. You have to organize your papers perfectly so that you can locate your 2012 taxes, passport, or that receipt at a moment's notice. Most adults have to work at developing this skill. It is the rare child who has the remotest interest in this skill, let alone the capacity for it.   In short, this is how I see it. In the past, kids lived sod huts in the woods or tepees or tenements, but this is not the past. Those kids of history were living in an environment in which everybody else was in similar conditions, so they were adapted to that. Some of those kids were made stronger in some sense, but many did not thrive.   Your son lives in a day and age and culture in which his companions will be watching TV, playing with toys, participating in sports, riding their bikes, and playing video games. Much as you and I might decry the detritus of the modern age, or we find the vulgarity of television and the repetitive violence of some video games off putting, the reality is that sheltering our kids from these things does not save them from their effects; it only isolates them from their peers. Kids use chatter about popular culture, sports, and toys as a way of relating to each other. Maybe one of us should do an AskReddit about what it was like for kids who were sheltered from these things. My unscientific impression, gleaned from reading and anecdotes, is that such children tended to resent the isolation that comes from feeling weird and out of it.   Kids need friends. Moving around is awful and can be a risk factor for depression or isolation for some kids who aren't very socially adept.   Kids need stuff. No, they don't need a McMansion full of stuff, but you are living in a modern society, so your kid will need at least a box full of toys, a computer and printer, some sports equipment, and a variety of school supplies. Even if you possess the minimum of these things that you can get away with, all this will take up space.   To help your kid socialize, you want him to be able to invite a friend or two over for sleepovers. In a trailer based tiny house, I don't see that happening.   Kids make messes until they are developmentally capable of being tidy and organized, which might not happen until their early twenties (think of college). The smaller the living space, the more you will either have to clean up after him or nag him to clean up.   I have two close people in my life who grew up moving a lot and having to ruthlessly cull their possessions. My bestie was the child of migrant workers, and was only allowed to keep whatever items could fit in her pillowcase. My sister-in-law was a military child with a very strict mother who threw out most of their things every time they moved. Both women were profoundly affected by their childhoods. They have complex relationships with their mothers, and they regard their childhoods as a hardship to overcome. Neither look upon their childhoods very fondly. Both strived hard to earn as much as they could, and both now live in large houses.   As a toddler, your son is currently focused on what makes him happy or sad at the moment. This will quickly change. By the time he is in kindergarten, he will start making friends and wanting to socialize. He will be increasingly rambunctious, he will want toys, and he will, over time, grow increasingly resentful of a mother who chooses what he will regard as a lifestyle of self-denial and transience.   I think you should abandon this plan of trailing a disinterested father. You need a two bedroom living situation, or at least a one-bedroom where you sleep on the sofa if you're super desperate, and the boy gets the room. There is a happy medium between McMansion materialism and transient, unstable poverty.   Stay near your family. Let your boy have some space and a box of toys, games, and books. Let him have the best of a normal, modern childhood (it's not all bad). Let him have friends for keeps. Try to make your house the one his friends want to come to. Let him have a pet, if he wants.   Take some pressure off yourself. Save up for your tiny trailer home for when he turns 18. Who knows, maybe he'll want to join you.
Just adding to the pile-on. Woman, ADHD-PI, diagnosed in my 40s. ADHD was the first thing that came to mind when I read your post.   If this is the case, be prepared for a lot of disbelief and people running on about how everybody has adhd because of modern life and how kids are misdiagnosed becase they aren't allowed to be kids anymore and shitty parenting blah blah blah. It's not fun. However, you have to understand that no matter how hard you try, you can't stop being who you are.   It may also be that he, too, has a form of ADHD. He manages his environment ruthlessly in order to not feel overwhelmed by clutter in his visual field.  He overfocuses on the XBox. Who knows.   For your own sake, it would be good to start this journey to learn if this is what's going on, and if so, how to manage it. There's medication, which trust me, is not the mortal sin people make it out to be if it helps. There are certain practices that can help tremendously, too. For instance, I have a hook by the door and my purse goes on the hook the minute I walk in the door, no exceptions. My keys are on a carabiner that clip onto the purse, or onto my belt loop, no exceptions.   However, this is /r/relationships, so we have to deal with your husband's coldness. I'm sorry, honey, but I'm a little worried about that one. The two of you have been together for most of your adult lives. Maybe it's just over for him. If it wsa just your disorganization that was the problem, you might have a guy reacting with frustration, but loving at other times, or appreciative when you do make an effort. I don't know if your husband is self absorbed, if he thinks a woman should be a maid, or what.   I'm saying, start the journey to see if you have ADHD for your own sake. But you are who you are. Maybe it's time to have a sit down with your husband and ask him point blank if he is still in love with you and if he still wants to be married. You're looking for a Yes. If he says Yes, then off to couples counseling you go.   It can't be all on one person. If he acts like everything's your fault, that's not acceptable.
Ask the first friend if you could attend part of her next session with her.   Tell the second friend that she needs to seek professional help. It would be like her saying to you all the time, "That cancer sure hurts like hell," expecting you to make it better, while not seeing a doctor. Then you get a scalpel and some bandages and poke around in there because you feel bad and she is reaching out to you.   I wonder if you aren't trying to compensate for your friend who died by trying to rescue these two. It is exhausting and terrible, I know from experience.   Everybody deserves some mercy and a helping hand now and then, so they can *help themselves up*. If that's not enough, if your friends are doing this every day, something is wrong. Either they are not taking responsibility for their own lives, or they are not open to the changes they need to heal and get stronger, or they are attention seekers, or something.    Whatever it is, you need to shut this down. You are not doing them or yourself any favors. At this rate they are going to drag you down with them.   You have the right to protect your own mental health. Talk to their therapists, school counselors, family, SOs, whatever they have. Stop letting them dump all over you and force them to deal with their problems appropriately.
Nah you need to use his advice.   Guys are visually oriented. If they see someone young, be it a heterosexual looking at women or a gay man looking at other young men, they will see a cute young thing and they will go for "it," it being You. You think you're a person? Lol the creeps of the world see an orifice in which to deposit their sperm.   Welcome to legal adulthood. Be prepared to spend the next decade or so fending off creepers. I'm not saying all men are jerks, but the creepers and users burn through a disproportionate number of people. Now is the time to develop a tough exterior and learn to waste no time brushing off the horndogs who want to exploit you.   You are smart and funny and articulate. You deserve somebody who appreciates all of you.
My ex husband would go silent. It wasn't too bad at first, but as the years went on it got worse...much worse. It ended with him having an affair and leaving my son and I abruptly.   The silent treatment is cruel, childish, manipulative, and controlling. It has no place in any relationship, ever. You got a problem with me? If you don't have the balls to tell me, then fuck right off. If you don't have the communication skills to tell me what your issue is, then get therapy and stick with it until you do.  No one over the age of 3 should ever expect another person to guess what they're thinking.   Long term relationships are built on a basis of trust and open communication.   Invite your fiancée to attend couples counseling with you. If she refuses, cut her loose and don't look back.
That's fantastic news! I love this thread because my parents suffered from hearing loss for a couple of decades and it really impaired my relationship with them. It got so it was painful to call them because our conversations were so difficult and awkward. Now that they've passed, I feel sad about that.   I would urge you to definitely go to the audiologist with him, and ask a ton of questions. Think in terms of what could possibly feel wrong or uncomfortable about your dad.   After the appointment, take your dad out to a nice lunch and pour on the daughterly love bomb to reward him for taking this step. Make sure to review with him everything the audiologist said about what might be difficult, how to get used to the aids, and when to go back to the audiologist for check ups or fine tuning.   Then do everything in your power to help him follow up and stick to the instructions. Make sure his expectations are set realistically. Everytime he is wearing his hearing aids, give him a good word or a hug--you're going for positive reinforcement.   Try to get your mom on board to help you with the positive reinforcement. My mom was the naggy type and I know how ingrained that habit can get! But if you can convince her to not just dial back the nagging, but do something positive, even a thank you, hopefully that can help.   Good luck!
Seriously....what part of the South is this woman from? My mom, four sisters, and several thousand cousins are from the South and if you call out a given name at a family reunion, at least four people answer.    This woman sounds like a toxic person best avoided. Your parents don't want to face up to the fact, because Southerners are all about family. Unfortunately your sister is not. She has said some things that can't be unsaid even if she wanted to, which obviously she doesn't. She was no doubt looking for an excuse to cut ties with you, which now she has.   In other news, this isn't about politics either. If she were a good feminist, she would be supporting your wife instead of trying to tear her down.
Walter White is positively satanic. He is self centered to the extent of a sociopath and thinks nothing of destroying people to serve himself and himself alone. He has great insight into manipulating others, but lacks insight into his own self centeredness. He actually thinks he's doing his family a favor.   I went into this little diatribe because it speaks volumes that your father views Walter White as a sympathetic character.   I'm so sorry that you have to go through this. You do not deserve this. Your father is responsible for your conception and existance, whether or not he wants to admit it.   Your mother may have believed that she was doing the best she could by keeping the family together. It may be cathartic to talk it over with her, but it's a gamble. Maybe it will bring the two of you closer, but she may say something that hurts you worse.   Google Childhood Emotional Neglect and see if there is anything that helps you understand your life there.   Everyone deserves their parents' love, full stop. You are, emotionally speaking, fatherless. It may be hard to explain to some people, but that's what it is.
You both grew up, and you owning your own business and managing 30 employees has also made you more confident. Confidence is sexy. Maybe that's part of it?   It sounds like you're in love, so nothing you can do about that--just try to keep your eyes open for greedy behavior. If you feel pushed in any way--especially if she's pushing you do buy her things or spend money you weren't ready to spend-- please think twice.
[Here's a horror story](http://www.tortoiseforum.org/threads/another-dog-story.45850/) in case you need more convincing.   Tortoises are the consummate prey animal, sad but true. I personally know quite a few people who have lost their tortoises to dogs, cats, rats, coyotes, etc. We have to be careful out there.
&gt;  says terrbile things to the kids like, 'I wish you were never born'   Wow...   I'm so sorry, but this changes everything.   Take these recordings to a lawyer. You need to get yourself and the kids out, now. No more counseling or talk of therapy (except for you and the kids). She had her chance. You need to save the kids.
&gt; I'm sure my ex could list of numerous things about me that he wasn't keen on that I never would have even taken into consideration or been aware of.   Yeah, but that's on him to actually tell you using grown up words.
I discovered it myself by accident--I had been covering up a plantar's wart on my foot with duct tape because I had run out if bandaids and kept forgetting to get them. One day the thing just peeled off, yay! Then my son got one, I took him in to the pediatrician, and she told me about the research. Google "planter's wart duct tape."   I am still concerned about your father telling you to essentially tough out a painful medical problem. Even if you fix this wart situation, the next issue may not be so simple, and many medical problems can get very serious very quickly if left untreated. It is never fair to call someone a hypochondriac and mock them if they have an issue. A parent who does this is not doing their job. They deserve to have another adult ask them to step up their game, and you deserve appropriate medical care.
A lesson I learned in the past few years with my ex-husband's constant moves while we were martied, the divorce, and my parents' deaths last year--there is little happiness in things, including property, and there is a time when you need to let go of your things to be okay.   You can't put it to your father this way, of course. But the property is not the same as his wife. His wife lives on in his memories. No object or property can take the place of his wife. Staying on the property and clinging to old things that hace served their purpose will not bring her back. Leaving property and objects behind will not destroy what is most imortant, his love and memories.   This is a long, elaborate way of saying that he needs to leave this oversized property that is too much work to care for him by himself. He needs to sell it, and most of the objects, and move somewhere nice and small enough for just him to take care of. He has no idea how much lighter and cleaner his soul will feel.   As for lazy-ass brother, he can figure his own shit out.   So that's your job--to try to convince your father to leave the old place behind.
I'm sorry, but your girlfriend sounds like a horrible person.   I have had experience with self centered people like this. The whole premise of the relationship is Her. You are not allowed to have needs. In fact, her treatment of you shows that in her mind,  you barely exist except as a Thing that Gives. She is the ultimate taker.   You can go on and wait for her to magically see the light and change into a normal, nice person, but if you do,  I guarantee that you will be sucked dry.   You are a nice, giving person who enjoys caring for others. I may be wrong, but I'll warrant that much of your love for her is because caring for such a needy person makes you feel adult and important.   I don't mean to put you down--quite the opposite, I think this shows that you are interested in shouldering adult levels of responsibility.   However, this girl is a toxic person who has you dancing like a chained bear every time she hits the tambourine. This relationship is hurtful and you need to get out and find a woman who wants to love and take care of you as much as you do her.
To the immediate problem: check out Captain Awkward's posting, “I want to break up, but partner is in the middle of painful life stuff and it doesn’t feel like the right time. What do I do?”    Moving forward: this relationship got off on a terrible footing because ever since you asked for an open relationship, the boundaries about seeing other people were blurry and violated on both sides.   I my experience, most of the time that people have an established relationship and ask to open it, the end result is one or both people being hurt. It doesn't work for most people.   If you think you may truly be poly, I suggest that you spend some quality time talking to other poly to see how poly folks find each other and make their relationships work.
&gt; he refuses to get treatment for his issues of any kind. I'm afraid if I agree to get back with him, it will happen again due to that.   You're absolutely right.   &gt; And I feel like he was really out of line.   Yes.   &gt; But he's distraught that I broke up with him and he claims I abandoned him.   Because you should have totally remained in a relationship in which someone ignores you and insults you for reaching out. /s   And the thing about moving to your city: When my brother and I were little kids, like, 5 and 8, if he wanted to get back at me for something, he would say, "I was going to give you a present, but now I'm not." So that's about the level of that manipulation, that of a grade school child.   You leaving him is the best thing that could happen to both of you. It might wake him up enough to seek therapy.   Bw, don't take him back if he calls and says that he saw the therapist one single time and now he's seen the light and has totally changed. Neither Rome nor sanity get built in a day.   The most likely outcome is that he will find another online girl to hone his manipulation skills on, if he isn't working on the next already--because the usual reason why people suddenly go cold is that they've met someone new.
Yeaaaaaaah--this "social worker" is some rando your uncle put up to bully your mom.   IANAL but I have recently dealt with some deaths in the family--to my knowledge, your mom has no legal obligation to pay for anything.   Edit: since you already know that, it looks like you are already doing the awesome thing and taking over for your mom, and she is wisely letting you. She is probably breaking down because of not being able to say good bye to her mother.   So, I guess your options might include you and your mom flying out there anyway and getting a police escort to the house under the guise of a welfare check so she can say her final goodbye safely, and you encouraging her to seek grief counseling.
I'm so sorry. This is completely awful.   You know everything you need to know: he cheated and gaslighted (gaslit?) you, spent family money on his lover, and was intending to do so for the next 18 years while living a lie and abandoning his child, or leaving you on stealth.   What an utter worm.   Lawyer up, hit the gym, get tested for STDs, reach out to family and friends.   Don't be surprised if they get married in a hot minute after you kick the wander to the curb. Have a box of tissues and  pint of quality alcohol and ice cream ready. Do not wallow any longer than it takes to finish these off.
I don't know, it's a hell of a dilemma, but the reality is that many people, including myself, are allergic to cats, and if you're exposed to an allergen constantly, it gets worse.   In my case, being around a cat gives me severe asthma. Once I went to a house party in which the hosts had done a deep cleaning just in case people like me showed up. It somehow made everything worse, and within an hour, all I could think about was trying to breathe. I was stuck there because the whole point of the party was a concert in which my husband at the time was playing a composition of his with a string quartet. I had to sit through it and be polite while the only thing I could think of was taking my next breath. It was absolute hell.   You cannot put your roommate through this. Find a temporary foster home for the cat, pay for a professional deep cleaning of the place, and save up for your own space.
&gt; I get distracted easily in conversations unless I am laser focused on whoever is talking which gets super exhausting.    Get yourself tested for adult ADHD. That can do a number on your self-esteem because you always feel like you should be more than you are, and you can't understand what the problem is.
I'm so sorry. I think you are having to face what kind of a person your mother really is. There is nothing in your post that indicates that she is capable of love or empathy.   Please never forget that you deserve all the love and caring that the random strange woman showed you. Look for other people in your life who are good, loving people.   Do you have a father or any other relatives whom you can turn to?
The poor guy has probably zero experience with asking people out, and because of coming up in a closeted situation, zero way of knowing whether the person who he asks out will freak out, out him, beat him up, or what.   Give him a little space, them make sure he knows that you are cool with him as a friend, and that if he wants to stay discreet about being gay, that his secret is safe with you. Maybe even ask him if you encounter anyone who is gay, would he like you to steer them his way.
&gt; The reason is because I am a man, and she is a lady. As a man, in order to be attractive to a lady, I have to check the right boxes.   How very sad and limiting that you feel that way.   My boyfriend supported his family from an early age, was in the army and saw action, was a policeman, was a professional wrestler after that, has faced death on several occasions, stands up for himself, does fantastic in the bedroom....I could go on, but is very manly in these sorts ways. He even has a mustache.   He is also very expressive of emotion. I guess he's not hung up on proving himself manly. I find that the most attractive thing of all.
It's about how you handle what you have as much as what comes in.   Your wife has a hard time saying no to these relatives with their hands out. Hence she ends up with little to show for it.   This may be hard to negotiate, but she needs to get a handle on these moochers. I was in a marriage for years in which we gave money to my husband's family and I was okay with it. Felt like I was doing good. Trouble is, the people who are used to handouts don't care whether or not they clean you out. Because you always give when asked, they assume you have infinite money.   I don't know the in and outs of your wife's family, but I'm sure they always have a dramatic story,.and of she ever tried to cut them off, they would just escalate the drama and make it all sound like her fault.   So, in addition to you both seeing a financial planner, you need to speak with that person about what boundaries would be appropriate to set with these people, and if necessary, she or you both should go to a counselor for help with enforcing these boundaries.   After all, if your wife is giving away her money, she is giving away both of your money.   However, the pressure and guilt on her must be enormous.
You should run by your school's legal services if there is one. Barring that, read up on landlord tenant law in your area. I have a feeling a judge would smile kindly upon you. You can probably hash this out in small claims court.   Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer, but have dealt with dick landlords.
You and the children should not be under the same roof as he until he has been clean of that and all other substances for several months, and that he gets some kind of counseling and stays in it, and that he drug tests clean for you whenever you ask at random, no protest or funny business.   It will take awhile for him to establish a pattern of sobriety, like, months (contact an addiction counselor for a more specific figure). But my point is that he can't say, "Ok, I'm starting my drug free life now!" and expect for you to instantly cool with him. He needs a proven track record *first*.   There is a risk to yourself, of criminal prosecution, and to the kids, of either finding the drugs, of coming into harm's way from their high father, or of being taken away into foster care because of drugs being in the house. That is why he needs to separate from you and the kids inmediately, no question, no discussion, and he needs to have supervised visits until he has had this thing under control for some time.   Right now, it is not up to you to support him. You owe him nothing. The onus is on him to clean up.   While you're at it, make sure he can't get at any of the business's money, because money is not going to help him recover. If you ever get the urge to give him anything, it can be a sandwich or a ride somewhere. Do no let him get his hands on any money.   Find yourself some Al-Anon meetings, and of the kids are old enough, get them going to counseling or Ala-Teen.
If I were you, I would take up your friend's mother up on her offer. Move out in secret and take only what is necessary. Offer to do whatever it takes to help your friend's mother out around the house until you can start bringin money in.   Report your passport. Tell the whole story of what happened. Ask for a replacement to be sent to your new residence.   Change the flight dates. It will cost, but not as much as cancelling and losing the whole ticket.   As far as the guilt: your family's actions are abusive and their rejection of your boyfriend is based on racism. They are not looking out for you; they are trying to control you.   After you move out, you should get a new phone #. Turn your old phone off and check it once or twice a day. You can also have a friend screen your calls and texts for you and let you know about what's essential, leaving out the abuse, guilt trips, and pressure.
&gt; I was afraid to check the comments because I feared that people would tell me that I was wrong...   Wow, that's rough! Your family really has you brainwashed. :/ Try to get therapy set up, because you wouldn't want to wind up in a relationship that mirrors the controlling and abuse that you are escaping. You want to relearn what is "normal."
I wanted to back up what /u/Astronaut_Panda is saying. I run a small business with my SO. Even though the association was casual at first, we have worked out over time what we are good at and we divide our labors accordingly because the goal is the good of the business.   Since you are starting in an organized manner, this is a great time to make deliberate decisions from the start. She knows the product. You know marketing. Who knows accounting, taxes, business incorporation and laws, hiring, that other kind of stuff? Work it out so that each of you has your own area. If there is anything that neither one of you are good at, say, taxes, for fluff's sake hire an expert, don't just wing to show what tough guys you are.   Trust me, neither one of you wants to be in charge of everything! That would be too exhausting. You *need* to be able to hand off tasks to the other, or you will burn out.   You can put it diplomatically, such as, "Beautiful, gorgeous wife, I trust you 100% with knowing our product and being able to work with clients. That's why I need you to let me handle the marketing. We are a team. No one person can do it all. We're in this for the long haul."    Ask your wife to imagine herself as the CEO of a well-run Fortune 500 company. The CEO does not know or do 100% of everything. They do not know as much about network security as the IT intern, nor as much about graphic design as the kid on the 3rd floor who is designing a flyer, nor as much about how to adjust the heat as the HVAC person. It would be absurd of the CEO to know these details, and if he or she were trying to meddle in these tasks, it would be a huge failure of leadership. The CEO does CEO things, and only interferes in network security, the pamphlets, or the building heat if there has been a colossal failure, and then only long enough to ensure that people who know what they're doing are put in place.   If she cannot let others do what they do best, her ego will sink the ship. So you have to settle this before you move one step further. A martyr/control freak is no fun to work with, and it's not a fun way to live, either.
So, women who want to avoid pregnancy are conscious of their birth control status at all times.   Edit: sorry if it sounds snarky. I am a woman and I mean this sincerely. I was always paranoid as hell about it.
I always was. Not sure why the downvotes.
Ah, thank you. I'm a woman, and I was being serious.
Honestly it may be already over between the two of you. There are many dealbreakers on both sides here.   I think you need to work your own anger and impulsivity. You fought over social media. Bad form. You said a lot of harsh things by your own admission. Like what? Could some of these things constitute verbal abuse? Did yoy resort to name calling?   You try to physically prevent her from leaving. There is no excuse for that. You do not get to physically restrain people except to keep them from attacking you. It is illegal, actually, and you don't even prevent any cheating that way; you just make it seem justified.   If she is cheating, sure, that's unacceptable. What do you do with an SO who is doing something hurtful? You set boundaries. If they cannot respect those boundaries, you let them go. You break it off. I say that as someone whose husband left after 20 years together. What is the point of fighting about it? Either they want to be with you, so they clean up their act, or they don't, and you break up. The whole notion of fighting for a relationship or trying to force another person to be one way or another is pointless and leads to frustration and controlling behavior.   I don't know if there is anything to be saved here. I would say you should either break it off and work on your anger and impulsiveness, or you could work on your issues and invite her to go to counseling with her.   It may be over. You may have to live with that. Regardless, even though she was wrong to cheat, you need to learn how to control your anger before you get into another relationship.   Edit: spelling
I'm sorry, but it sounds like you need to find new living arrangements on the double.   Even if he decides that what he did was crazy and wrong (because it was) and even if you decide that you want to see if lots if individual and couples therapy might fix this (I'm feeling agnostic about this, only because of trying to be open minded), you should step back and not have to live with somebody who would do these things.   In other news, lots of regrets and promises to do better and try harder =/= actually being better. A promise is not the same as a current reality.
She has chosen to move away.   She is seeing someone new.   You (to your credit) are aware of, and trying to fix, some problems that you had created in the relationship.   Apologies are always good. Probably the best thing and only thing you can do is write her a short, simple email saying that you realize now that you sometimes were short with her due to your anxiety, which you have taken steps to control, and you're sorry for that. If ever she wants to talk, she knows how to reach you, love spencernb.   Then, forget you wrote it.   She has moved on: geographically, emotionally, educationally. She is different now. You, meanwhile, are in a relationship with your regrets and your memory of how she used to be--but not the real woman.   Tell yourself that. She is in the past. This is done.   Your goal is to start over fresh with someone new.   Open your mind to the women around you. Do new things. Travel. Maybe go back to school yourself.   You have to move forward. You do not have her in your life any more.   Here's to starting over.
Speaking of C cup size...clothing manufacturers don't get that the torsos of shirts and blazers shouldn't be straight tubes. Button down shirts? Fail. If it can be done up at tit level, at gut level, it's so floppy that I look pregnant. Then the damn thing spends all day sneakily undoing itself anyway. I have sadly resigned myself to a lifetime of t-shirts.
Wow, I love me some H &amp; M but I had given up on button downs. I'll have to give theirs a chance.   Edit: for women in more blue collar jobs, school uniform stores have decent khakis with stretch built in at very reasonable prices. In my city, there are a lot of charter schools which have khaki and polo uniforms and the uniform stores have khakis that non stick figure girls and women can wear, and they look a whole sight better on a woman than male tailored khakis. *shudder*
I agree that a person could easily, in a moment of frustration, call a baby or dog a brat. In fact, I myself have done so.   My point was that it's important, and very helpful, for parents to do their best to maintain a realistic outlook on the causes of a child's behavior and not just the amount to which it happens to annoy them. That's very necessary in order to maintain the discipline to not call a kid names later on, when they have acquired enough verbal and social skills to really get under your skin.   I had to learn this when I went back to teaching in inner city schools. Just because a child's behavior is aggravating doesn't mean that the aggravation is the full story. I have experienced some epic brattiness from my students and my own kid that had a whole other layer of meaning behind it.   Not all brattiness is simple brattiness. The tough part is that simple and complex brattiness have to be dealt with in very different ways.   But I digress. 1-year-olds? Stressful, yes, but they are not even really capable of true brattiness.
My understanding is that losing consciousness prevents the short term memory of the event from writing to long-term memory.   Losing consciousness in and of itself is a sign that some sort of head trauma occurred, whether or not the person was diagnosed with concussion (which OP's girlfriend was).   I am not a medical professional, just someone who reads things. There is no special authority to my words, so feel free to correct. :D
Step 1 is talk to her. Tell her exactly how you felt. Ask her what she meant by "made with love," and try your best to get a factual answer. If she refuses to give you a straight answer or you suspect that she is lying, you can purchase a home drug test kit from the drugstore and work it out for yourself.   The overarching problem is that if she did put something in the brownies without telling you, she violated you on a very basic level. You and you alone get to decide what goes into your body. To drug somebody without their knowledge--even if it's a vitamin--is completely unacceptable and may even be illegal. So, this is something over which maybe the shit should hit the fan.   Let's say the brownies did have pot.   The tough part is, it is extremely difficult to find research about the effects of combining pot and stimulant medications. There seems to be a little bit about combining pot and antipsychotics or antidepressants, but that's a whole different thing. The best I could find was anecdotes written from one biased viewpoint or other.   I can say that, as someone with ADHD who has tried pot, my personal experience is that pot has no place in my life because it seems to exacerbate the way I already am--scatterbrained, disorganized, unmotivated, prone to mindless snacking, easily absorbed by something interesting. That's just me. I'm not trying to hate on pot or pot users--I'm saying that in effect it's like I'm already mildly stoned as my natural state of being. Many other people with ADHD who are trying to be more productive feel similarly. So, if you want a general rule based on my experience, you, even more than most people, should actually avoid pot. So on that level, the "favor" she thought she did you was anything but.   So, on a very primitive level, I guess you could say that pot and Concerta achieve opposite effects.   The next problem is that THC takes a very long time to completey leave your system. Like, a month or so.   I think you should absolutely talk this over with your doctor because medically, I know diddley squat. Don't even tell him who did it if you don't want to. He is supposed to keep confidentiality.   As for your friend, if she in fact did something to the brownies, you do not need to be her emotional anchor or her anything. She would not be your friend, she would be a huge fucking asshole whom you don't need in your life. I don't care how many foster homes she has been in. She needs to learn that there are consequences to her actions, such as losing friends because of drugging them without their knowledge or consent.   If you decide not to blow this up to any authority figures, you can freeze her out. Be cordial at work or school, but your friendship is done. She is not trustworthy, end of story. If there is any awkwardness, it is not your fault.
Involved in a similar situation in CA courts,You have the legal right to go straight to the court on Monday and ask for an ex parte hearing, which means an emergency hearing. You could get a hearing that day. In this, you ask the judge for full physical custody based on the husband having no appropriate physical accommodations for the son to stay at his apartment. If the judge grants it, there would be a hearing later as to whether to make the custody change permanent.   Hopefully this would be a wake up call, your husband fixes things, and you all go back to the original custody arrangement.   Disclaimer: I am not a lawyer. Please contact your lawyer if you have one, or consult with a lawyer if you don't.   A friend of mine grew up in a legit tenement in New York City during the Depression. There were something like 9 kids living on one income. The kids slept in one room and the parents in the other, because that is an appropriate boundary.   If Dad is otherwise ok, he can see his son for the day on the weekend or pick him up from school and then bring him back to yours at night.   Please see a lawyer first thing Monday. I know it's a lot of money--ex partes mean 2 court hearings--but this is your kid's wellbeing. Find a lawyer who accepts credit, max out your credit cards, hit your family up for money, because there is no better investment than your kid being ok.
