just wanted to say i love your shit man. ive listened to your album at least 100 times no lie its one of my favorite releases of the past few years. got a great sound and vibe cant wait to hear more from you
our medical staff seems to be pretty good
recommend any good rnb you got. i tend to prefer higher pitched male voices like jeremih and august alsina
idk i think we were contender tier the year we got iguodala but coaching held us back, though that may be contradictory
i havent had the chance to watch the suns since their collapse, why exactly are they so bad? they have some decent players
fuck it, its not bad to like one of the best players in the nba. i still like lebron and shit despite the mini-rivarly. nothing wrong with liking players. unless its chris paul of course
shit like this is why iggy is and always will be one of my favorite players
had a back injury
just wanted to thank you yungsnuggie for being calm and rationally explaining this. it can be rough explaining these things to sensitive white people, i know
youre right i wasnt thinking about those things at the time of the comment but she definitely is pretty bad. I dont think as toxic or vitriolic as trump but still
dont forget us loyal poor people!
And so will I my friend
LeBron legit used to be one of my favorite players too, this whole situation has been really disappointing
what, youve never been raided in your own home by steppe hordes? must live a nice privileged life
I interpreted it as a place that has a lot of gun violence, but I dont actually know if thats true for Detroit. I know it is for Chicago though, obviously
id be too, especially with varejaos shit ass getting playtime over him
yeah its me who has the problem, not the bigots. good call my man
freedom of speech isnt freedom of consequence. Yeah im the real asshole for saying not to say racist things. fuck me right. jfc
yeah i know thats my whole point. if someone personally doesnt find something offensive that doesnt mean they can speak for everyone
lol how am i butthurt? all im saying is people have the right to be offended if they want to and its not up to others to tell them they cant. Youre just arguing against the strawman sjw rather than what im actually saying. I never said you cant say something, just that you shouldnt and if people dont like what you say they have every right to voice that displeasure. if you think thats censorship than youre a bigger pussy than me.  (Also note im only talking about hateful and bigoted language, nothing else)
ill take the diversity of the bay over anywhere else anyday
Im not gonna stand by and let people say racist and sexist things, whether it accomplishes anything or not.
Ill take the genetics, my mom has done more than enough for me, but thats just me and thats not even the point i was trying to make.
I think theres combat overhaul mods if you wanna try those, but Im not sure how much they change it
Damn this is amazing. I hate overly yellow stuff and this might just be what I need to finish it
Seriously. I dont think i wouldve been nearly as heartbroken if we only even won 72 games even. But now our greatest regular season of all time is just a trivia fact and that depresses me. Heres to another chip next year tho
Honestly if this trade goes through Id hate Adam Silver forever, and would even consider stopping following the 6ers if I was a fan
Ive never really heard it that way but ill trust you
tbh i wouldnt even leave his own daughter alone with him. He has said some sus things about her
Thats not the attitude he has its the attitude i have
as an altoholic this pleases me
this is the same principle i applied to learn how to do the spock hand thing
It was definitely like that in BC. Cant speak for Wrath since I only played Survival then (rip old SV)
damn i was way off. i was somewhere in southeast asia
on my first watch i totally didnt remember this song when I saw the jingle. When i rewatched it, it made me laugh my ass off. the burger remix was really well done and i hope to see more food related remixes of gregs songs
if this happened id convert
I got it the other day after not having logged on my druid for months. Its the only one I have though
"as a prospective stem major"
but its my god given right to say the n word!
i probably identify with amethyst the most but pearl is the best
I just got a legendary on my DH yesterday from a treasure in Stormheim and ive never done any Mythic+s on that char lol
you got me my main healer is a druid
good DHs are of course good but from my experiences healing, a lot of DHs dont understand their class that well
i use worldquest group finder and it makes them quite trivial. that being said, getting to darkbrul arena is a huge pain in the ass.
Well i play a DH so i dont need the gliders but ill have to start doing this
I would if i wasnt a college student in a super liberal college town
I got Progressive somehow.  Economic: 61-39   Diplomatic: 30-70  Civil: 67-33  Society: 9-91
i was being sarcastic lol. we agree 100%
You havent?
&gt; Speciecism for example is a controversial one  Could you elaborate a bit? Do you just mean improved/increased animal rights? Or is there a hidden neanderthal enclave that i've been missing out on this whole time??  Sorry if this seems concern trollish lol, but im genuinely curious
