I use blender.  Please teach me, sensei.
It's so pretty! I love the appearance of cacti but I'm afraid of the spikes...
Simple tutorials. Making things I like.  Shit, I haven't used blender in forever. I should pick that back up...
It's sort of a one-time thing for me because I rescued them from my backyard after I bonded with them and the mother a little bit. I'll probably be keeping them for about a week or two depending on my parents' preferences and adoptees.
I'm kind of worried about that too :( I'm falling in love with Rin... She fell asleep in my arms today. She twitched in her dreams.
....I live near there. I must eat this
Thanks for your response. I'm really glad that you were able to kick the habit. Cheers! I may just be a stranger but I'm proud of you. You accomplished something many others could not.  I once met an (ex?) heroin addict when I was in a psychiatric hospital. When I asked him what it felt like, he asked me to think of the happiest moment I've ever experienced- then multiply that by a thousand.
I found a really weird cactus/succulent at Lowe's today. I only took a picture. http://i.imgur.com/o2JYFxQ.png
My succulent shop heaven :O  What is the cactus in picture 43
What's the weirdest and/or funniest thing that's happened backstage/off set? Funniest blooper?  Thanks for making my childhood that much better!
It won't work for me (the gif)
I'm not aloooone lol
Well.... Yes and no. I study entomology so I can usually tell if an insect is aggressive or not just by its behavior.
I'm lonely
Hug me
:') *holds you close* I love you man
This is exactly why I really want to go to Japan.
That's really unfortunate. I'm sorry.
I just want to kiss that little nose
I'm so sorry to hear about your family. How awful. I thought love was supposed to be unconditional.
I'm so sorry. If you need to talk, PM me.
Oh my god... That sounds absolutely terrifying... Thank god you have such a supportive family and friends!  If I may ask, in what way did he abuse you and what did he do after he got the news? You should do an AMA if you're comfortable
They get into naughty things like electric wires, the bags of litter, etcetera. That and I'm an overprotective foster mother and want to be there in case they get hurt for any reason (they play rough). I also enjoy spending time with them (and watching them wrestle and jump xD)
I used to all the time. I'd spend hours on my computer slowly to escape my pain. Now I play because I really just want to play lol
I only get that because I made that reference today after years of my parents making it lol
This is an Eastern Black Swallowtail. Currently raising one!
I want to have a dream like this.
I have never heard of this type of OCD before! I just learned something new.  How does your disorder affect your relationships with friends and family?  What's the worst thing that's ever happened to you? Best thing?  What would you say is the most difficult thing about having this disorder? Do you go to therapy to cope?  Do you take medication(s)? If yes, do they help? Have any "natural" alternatives been beneficial?  What was your childhood like?  Thank you for the opportunity.
Why not? I'm a poet and I love games.  Fire. Heat.  Pain. Loss.  Tears. Rain.  Night. Day.  Sun. Sky.  Gravity. Family.  Bonds. Strength.  Love.   http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198049222380  Thank you! Hope you liked my little poem.
Thank you for taking the time to respond! I understand and respect that you aren't comfortable with some questions. I hope that whatever happened to you, you heal from and have a very happy and successful life. Stay strong &lt;3
I love you.  What inspired you to create the saber?
I wish I could draw :(
There's a way to completely avoid this. Wash the area with soap and water first. Wipe with alcohol. Wax. Wipe with alcohol again.  My doctor told me to do this because I kept getting infected pores.
Also, pour alcohol on the razor before and after or use a new razor. I don't actually wax- I shave- and I get painful cyst-like growths by the groin. I hate pubic hair so I shave it but I have to be careful because it's an area on the body that isn't necessarily considered clean. Make sure your razor is sharp. I recommend at least 3 blades minimum.
I always wrap up used pads in tissue paper
I use biodegradable tampon applicators. They're awesome.
Oh how I wish I had an oculus riff...
Wow. Thank you! I'll send this over to my computer genius of a brother.
Kinda lonely, to be honest.
I'm thinking about how broken I'll be once I have to say goodbye to my foster kittens...
I'm so so so sorry. I held my best friend Nutmeg as she passed a few years ago.
I am so sorry about what happened to you. I know there's not much I can say to help, but I'm proud of you for opening up about your abuse and you should be proud of yourself. What you just did takes massive balls and courage. Not everyone can face their fears and demons. Now your next step is to seek therapy and maybe (when you're ready) talk with family and friends. I wish you all the best. If you need a friend, don't hesitate to PM me.
Thanks lol I'm not exactly a computer techie
Don't you mean swam over or driven over? I mean... It was in the ocean, right?  Glad you're okay
My mouth instantly watered looking at that. That meat looks absolutely fantastic.
It's ORANGE
Oh my God my heart........ I am so, so, *so* sorry....
You're making me tear up.... :(
I have Asberger's and I'm quite proud of the fact. :)
I love Markiplier!! It's his birthday today!
