nah im just slow as shit, anyone who is capable of streaming 224 wouldnt have any issue
Maybe its been a long ass time. Dont remember lol
Just means hes hard on himself. Like me, only he actually has them :(
You can't avoid getting hit, you will still take damage. He just doesn't spec you.  My tips are to turn off auto retal, turn off ability queuing, and to use thr priority of: wild magic &gt; combust &gt; dragon breath &gt; sonic blast &gt; chain &gt; tuskas wrath. Pray mage and augury if you dont have SS.
which I can do, but that acc is stupid.  I'm talking about the slider+stream fuckery that happens twice, at the beginning and then end. i just stream through it and fc, as long as you follow it right it works but lower acc
Go ahead and add me ingame, (soulg senpai) 2160ish total on my ironman. I dont know much about f2p but i can help you out when you upgrade to members :)
Confirmed, I can do it too.
Add me in game if you wanna chat, dont have anything specific to add off what others have said though. Ign: soulg senpai
I think he meant tumblr*  There is very little outright misogyny outside of places designed for it, I've noticed, and especially little here on AskReddit.. And it's not like I don't pay attention.
&gt; If you have a problem with the fact that I'm not speeding enough, which prevents you from being even more reckless than me, tough shit.  i love you right now
The drivers were absolutely worse in Europe when I was there. Please take your shitty assumptions elsewhere.
makes sense since her last account had nothing in the name that implied it was Jenny.  I mean, this one doesn't either, but way more than broetchan or whatever it was
i drag so no
Kudos, lot of those stupid women around here. I would have been way less tactful but I don't think my current boss would even fire me over it.
Well, as an ironman, I would have to make 900 flatpacks first. Pretty sure that would take a few hours, not even counting cutting logs.
Well obviously everyone is different, but I've broken 2k plays in a single day. Dont force yourself to play more than you find enjoyable.
Yeah thats more or less what I figured. I might mage them once i get attuned crystal otherwise looks like I'll block. Thanks :)
As a fellow delivery driver, if you aren't tipping him in gold you're doing it wrong.
it took me 7 months to appeal when i was banned   you're either stupid or ignorant
I usually FC that stream, but I was hyperventilating after the jumps lmao
Im in bed and comfy. Its dimension tripper mapped by silynn
Well, I'm pretty glad that he has a cam and proved it's him, but at all the downs kids on osugame? Nah, just feel sorry for them (you).
No, no I fucking don't understand any part of your previous comment because not only is it factually wrong, but it shows an enormous bias towards players you like, as opposed to the rules of the game that makes the comments on this subreddit such a glorious cancer pit.  &gt;When it's Cookiezi, peppy takes action in an instance. But when it's Reimu, peppy doesn't give a fuck.  Cookiezi is literally the most popular and famous player to ever play osu, and likely will remain that into the future. Peppy had to have known about it nearly instantly, and thus wanted to get whatever it is he wanted to say out because obviously people are going to spam him with stupid shit.  Not only that, but the only way your sentence would have made the slightest bit of sense is if Cookiezi was *immediately* unbanned. He's still stuck in appeal hell right now, and speaking of which, let's talk about that.  Appealing in osu is not fast for anybody (ignoring shit like adamqs because i don't know what happened). It took me seven fucking months to get unbanned, and I only cheated a few random scores with nothing after the fact. I waited patiently, appealed correctly, waited *more*, and got given my second (and final) chance. This is the story for 99% of banned players, why should these two be given any special treatment, especially with how much of a clusterfuck they caused?  Reimu is still banned. Not becasue peppy is a dick, not because of any other bullshit you want to spew becaSUe "I REALLY LIKE REIMU SO HE SHOULD BE UNBANNED", but becasue both players **royally** *fucked up their whole shit*.   First of all, they cheated to get banned, which is incredibly childish and stupid. Second of all, they multi'd after the fact (Reimu and his buddy Shizuru famously did it without even trying to hide it, showing even more of their immaturity, and C had Burstlimit, and possibly others that weren't made public).  So, they have a shit ton to make up for. Reimu clearly is apologetic and is willing to work to get it back, thus his videos that apparently humiliated him, for some stupid ass reason, but just like EVERY OTHER PLAYER, he has to WAIT for a decision.  As far as anybody knows, Cookiezi just appeared and emailed support saying "yo bitches i want back". That would never work.  I'm tired of typing. [tl;dr](http://i.imgur.com/qquz5PL.png)
I dunno, I always feel like I'll be able to convince them how stupid they sound to everyone else, but it's obviously never gonna happen.
thx, and guess i didnt notice it :l
I love being right  Cya on the bottom
Me too. It actually looks pretty fun.
Yeah, I downloaded it a while ago but it had no other option but to use a Facebook login, which I don't have.
Yeah, shit sucks. *hug*
This is one of the big reasons im trying to learn a second language, honestly. But i have nobody to speak it with...
I am :^)
Well yeah, that sucked, but unlike most other politicians he actually turned around and showed clear remorse and was apologetic.  And hell, I didn't realize it was an innocuous flag originally, so I can't even blame them. I would be freaked out too if I saw an ISIL flag here.
i gave support a list
I made an ironman with no prior eoc experience and now im maxed. Its really not that hard.
that sound quality destroyed my eardrums
He has stated he doesnt want his money, and wants nothing to do with him anymore.
A big part of it is memorization. Know where you need to go for each key, etc. Also puzzles, as you said you're working on them.  The best dps setup is ranged, with a mage swap for bosses. Since you're new at dg, i would recommend only doing smalls at least until you get elite tasks done for the extra gatestone. Make sure you use your ring classes, you can have a primary class, secondary class (reduced bonuses but still helps) and a quickswitch. Set your ring to desperado, and sniper secondary while using ranged.  Beyond that, practice. Small &gt; medium if you do smalls more than twice as fast as mediums (medium gives 50% extra xp, so figure out times).  You can add me ingame for any ironman questions as i see you post here a lot, rsn: soulg senpai
Ill take it if you dont want it.
I used his guides to have an idea and then made my own strategy based off them.  Anybody that tries to copy a guide without their own effort is dumb tbh
Ah, okay. that is sad. I only remembered im4eversmart because he basically made every quest guide back then.
&gt; they do nothing but make money  im pretty jealous that she makes hundreds of millions of dollars for doing shit all
Happens to me a lot, fucking annoying. No idea what is the cause.
Only if theres an ironman ladder as well; RSN: Soulg Senpai
was bearable 2 years ago m8 m8
I guess, though i didnt bother looking at his profile
How are ironman possibly supposed to train this skill? Everyone was planning on just siphoning xp from weapons, but apart from how it gives pitiful xp, the siphons are *one time use*. It took me an hour and a half just to make my first one, and im out of materials for already.
i think it's unfair but im ironman so it doestn affect me  im more upset that the only good training method is hard as shit for us
put it on my armor because i thought i would be camping ganos where that perk would be irrelevant anyway  then i did bm and forgot it was there
I'd rather reaugment it later then waste my energy now when levelling it is less than worthless.  But I am ironman so maybe mains dont care.
17 actually
