Yes.  I should have been more clear.   That way you can find any tasks and services running as a user.
I have a three bombers of Southern Tier creme brulee stout that I would gladly trade.
Pm me.
Just rolled in.  I picked up milk.
I was nice meeting you as well.  I hope to see you again soon.
Speaking of which I have two 4 Day Passes including the Friday Masquerade ball.  I spent 190 for them.  If anyone wants to buy them let me know.
That's OK, I'm a Sabres fan living in Tampa.  How do you feel about prospects and picks for your riot gear?  I miss the lack of fun smack talk between towns in the playoffs.
I was thinking a good dog, your awesome pizza, goose island, etc...
It will be great to see you for an extended period.  Are you bringing the Missus?
I can either do beer or cigars.  I'm trying to keep it under $20 that way people don't flake.  Let me know how you like your cigars or style of beer.
Well that's a given. :)    If you ship it down I'll post a video/pic of a bunch of bolts fans doing a shot.
As a counter to your job I have two main reps i go through.  One I inherited and one found me.  I love them both and send about 250k through each.  Neither call me more than once a month (5-10 Min) and I have gone quarters with out actually talking to them.  One is a local VAR the other a national chain (rot13 PQJ).  Neither of them sell me anything, what the do is offer purching opportunities to help me alleviate pain points at my company.  Frankly they may know my company better than I do.  They both are perfect *partners*.  Conversely, I get cold called all the time and none of them have closed.
&gt; How much money are you losing by not handling this now?"  My response to that is typically $0.  I dont want you to know my internal number and leverage that for later.
&gt; two guys  Guy and a woman WFIW.  Heck my PQJ guy has not sold me anything in months and he still took me to 3 sporting games and a dinner.  We talked business 75% of the time.  From that he knows I'm spending probably 200k on storage and 150k of VoIP this year.  However like I said, he rarely calls me to sell. Only to touch base and keep his pipeline working.  I wish every rep was like that.
If you have carpet I've found that baking soda sprinkled on the carpet 15-20 before vacuuming help remove many of the smells.
Just pulled in.
It was nice meeting you and your wife who apparently moved under table via magic.
I edited an HP option in as well if you could ballpark that.
Well there goes my weekend.
&gt; "lol no one hacks"   I had the same thought for a while.  My response was always that "perhaps the player is just better than you."  then I watched a few games as spectator.  You see someone move to where their target will be in 3 seconds which is not possible if the target is on the other side of a wall. 30 degree tuns for a perfect headshot while the sniper is running, etc...  Funny thing is if they turned the amount of improbability down a bit to just help a little as compared to a lot I dont think you would get anyone complaining as noone would know.  One of there days I should probably get a paid copy of LMAO and test it out to see exactly how it works.  OTOH I'm not 15 and have a life outside.
I swear pyro is the most thankless job next to medic.  You spend the whole game spy checking so nobody get back-stabbed and your team is like "W+M1 pyro!!"
I didn't see the word smuggling anywhere in /u/Drop_The_puck post.  Don't get your jump to conclusions mat out yet.  EDIT:  frankly after what happened years ago in regards to another hockey board, defamation lawsuits, and a certain GM that reminds me of a hedgehog I'd keep my mouth shut until facts come out.
How about a 3 way?   I havent seen one of those in a while.  Buff --&gt; TBL,  Harmonic --&gt; WPG,  Drouin --&gt; NYI  DO IT!  Note: this probably will not reflect actual value.
&gt; Harmonic  Auto-correct and I have a love/hate relationship.
I'm guessing you had your shoes licked right in front of Steak-Out?  He was famous for that corner.  Imagine my surprise when i moved to Tampa and found we had one as well.  Do you remember Starchild who sold stuff in front of the UU church on Ferry?
I just arrived with cow-orker in tow.
If so i certainly don't remember nor approve of it.
I add about a teaspoon of A1 steaksauce and about a tablespoon of bread crumbs as an eat able binder.  To each their own.
I've  taken that train 3 times in the last two year and it is packed.  Doubly so once you consider the hours that it travels at.  I would think a thrice a day train would be a boon.
Yes.     I have my personal account, with a roaming profile, email, IM, etc...   This is a regular user with no special rights  I have a separate kenfury-admin account that holds domain admin.  This account has no userland access, no email, no SMB share, etc...  This account is only for admin tasks.
I'm guessing Tommy Salo is #1.
The ASG was the swan song of DiPietro's career.   I still remember something along the lines of "I busted my knee".   He was never the same after.
I'll bring some citronella candles to help a bit.
I've been to some pretty hard partying multiday events in weather just as hot as Florida and the only real issues we typically see is people not hydrating enough.  Barring opiates/coke it's really hard to OD. It is really easy to be need a few liters of saline.
Exactly.  The number of times I've gone to a festival and carried extra water with me and given it to people saying "you look hot, remember to hydrate" and you can see the thought process go "oh yea, water i should have that" is amazing.  The other real issue is that by the time you are dangerously dehydrated you are not thirsty nor sweating.
I'm not mad you posted this, I'm mad you beat me to it.
I'm also always down for a game.
Thats right boyo get those pucks in deep, go hard into the dirty areas, and keep your stick ready.    Now I'm not saying a russian cant do it they just dont like it like a good old Ontariu'h boy.
I'm not suggesting just chopping off the tip,  you would also shallow the pocket.  I was playing with my glove at home and you can do it.  Think of the difference between a baseball catchers mitt, vs a fielders glove.
I figure I should be there around 9 or so.
I met Gordie once and had the privilege of shaking his hand.  This was twenty years ago and i was a teenager.  His hands were like cinder blocks both in sheer size and hardness. I've never seen hands like that.
Are you coming out to global reddit meetup day next weekend at Al Lopez park?  There should be about 10-15 engineers there and an equal number of programmers.  Bring a few cards, talk to people, even if no one there can get you a job, somebody knows somebody.  Tampa is pretty small.
Yea! always great to make new friends.
Nah, we're really nice.  I moved down here knowing nobody and now I have 20 or so of my closest friends.  Bonus we are surprisingly well adjusted.
So much this.  When I started my current job there were no enterprise dracs and when things when sideways I had to drive to get on site.  So much pain.  After I layed out the costs vs additional downtime (not much ROI on my convenience so that was not a compelling argument) we moved to enterprise dracs.  Now in the rare occourance where a server goes down we can power cycle or KVM into it from anywhere.  So many man hours saved.
Congrats on the new place BTW.
Me as well.  Been divorced, I know that story.
I sure as hope not.  Personally I hope it's just TM fucking with TOR and DET.
I've taken an Lyft several times from Ybor around that time.  You should be good.
I've had trouble catching one in Wesley Chapel around that area.  It's pretty hit and miss.
