Backed up on the new Google Photos unlimited service.
Avidemux for free and basic, I use Vegas for anything more complicated but it's expensive.
Can't believe I outlived Dracula.
I have terrible uncorrected vision like an object a foot from my face is still blurry, also use varifocals..with those everything is perfectly in focus and I can't imagine anything being better than that.
You'll be fine, you have almost the same karma as me ;).  Godspeed on your recovery though!
I often wonder if cats would prefer bare wood to carpet, the cats round here seem to spend a lot of their time outside perched on wooden fences and seem to like it.
It's amazing how much you can get into a basket when you want to use the self-service checkouts. I have been known to carry six pints of milk in my other hand.
Yeah I prefer the cold too, I'm pretty much kitted out for cold or wet weather...I have no idea what to wear when it gets this hot (currently 30c which is the hottest it's been here in Redcar in years).
I'm in the UK, a screen would only be useful a few days a year.
I do sub to /r/europe but until now it wasn't on my frontpage, hence why I saw it on /r/undelete first. I also make a point of vistiting worldnews and a couple of other subs first because I expect most major international stories to be covered on worldnews.
Three Pints! *was the only thing I ever really watched on Three, Family Guy also if I didn't have every episode on my hard drive. I can see why others would like it though.
Just did a huge wheeze laugh.
Playing Where's Gabe on that one.  edit: found him!
Probably the first music star who I really "loved" and influenced a big proportion of the choice of music I listened to. Irreplaceable.
I have a really bad feeling about this, be careful out there.
How did he react to the tea? That could give you a clue. Also, you haven't lived till you get called me dear (as a man) by a burley Lancashire trucker. I think it was me dear or darling, something of that ilk.
Sorry, that probably came across as rude. I just love Snapper so much.  For those with an iPad and Snapper 1 it's only when you take snaps in landscape that they are saved in portrait and can be rotated back in the photos app. Easy fix, just a bit of a pain.
I don't sub here, I came via mistyfront but there's something uncanny about that photo. She doesn't look "real" to me. http://i.imgur.com/oDBby4J.jpg
You heard wrong, usually the same day with one morning a week set aside for walk-ins. My practice doesn't even allow appointments more than a week in advance.
You mean the people on peoples friends list of over 500 are mostly fakes? That makes me feel better about the 30 people I have on my list who are actually friends and relatives who I see somewhat regularly, even if its often at funerals these days.
Rocket League has taught me not to trust anyone to take the initiative.
I used to be a YT fan, especially Yorkshire Gold but the flavour went downhill imo. PG Tips is and has always been, consistently good.
It's not really $1k, it needs a custom install per car type which would likely cost more than the box itself if my experience of garages is an accurate gauge.
It (the SE) actually looks more like titanium, which is quite classy. Am looking at mine now without the case on so I'd never really noticed.
I found it hard to see the light at the end of the tunnel and didn't think anything could change things, I'd had those thoughts for most of my adult life and it was inconceivable to me that anything would make those thoughts go away, therapy, medication...anything. I was shocked when I realised one day I hadn't considered my own mortality in months.
Totally misread that title as Geri Halliwell. The thumbnail didn't help.
You waited that long? Well done on the journey btw. I know how you're feeling well.
Chiquita says "Bananas with everything!"  I used to eat banana fritters when I was a kid, basically deep fried bananas with batter on them.
I've found the spy.
I've never had an order from them that took longer than 10 days. YMMV.
I knew someone would be watching Sky.
Christ, I wouldn't be mod of a news-heavy sub for anything, keep up the good work.
Yeah, I just default to not editing.
5% of the UK's population use Reddit, I wouldn't give the opinions you read on here, including mine,too much weight.
I need to have a world in motion in the vindaloo before I begin coming home to Jerusalem.
I can't wait for my 1TB storage phone with an unlimited data cap so I can download a movie on a train...
That was surprisingly well sung, I've looked around to try to find it for a couple of hours and probably trod the same roads as you in the process. It's obviously a folk song and might have been bought as a record at a live event by a teacher, my mother has a couple of folk albums that came from similar sources and they're pretty rare and undocumented.
As someone whose teenage years are long gone I can say that it was the most traumatic time of my life, looking back it feels like I was almost psychotic.
We have game shops in our town that look exactly like that without the sofa.
It's officially an anti-depressant but I was prescribed it for GAD and it works, for me, with any type of SSRIs you have to give them time, it was about a month before I was out of the freak out all the time stage and a couple of months before I had confidence to take on most situations without worrying too much. Also known as Celexa in the U.S and (e)citalopram is the more expensive and apparently even more effective alternative. YMMV.
Pretty much all types of practices have been in barely converted houses, I distinctly remember going to the doctors as a child in the early 70s that was in a house, it was only later on that we got a 'health centre' which was a custom built building that houses numerous doctors practices. Opticians, dentists and shops locally were often just converted houses with people still living above and this remains to this date.
Damn, I've never really taken in the size of the White House before.
I'd rather stab myself in the face than go back to Android.
(UK) I follow both accounts, was already following @potus since Obama, it's for entertainment purposes and so I get a warning when he's about to push the button not because I support the annoying orange.
Nasty judge put me on the naughty step, sad.
Yes it does! I just installed it, no issues so far.
My god, I'm looking at it right now!
I would guess that like everything DNA it's a mashup, I have my dads hair, my brother has my mums.
I'm doing it, I'm doing it, STFU already.
Tesco/Morrisons, Britannia brand, near the butter areas.
