Interesting, I see what you mean.  I'm a big fan of their first two albums but I haven't listened to what they've done since then as much.
I was too upset to find it funny the first time, but it's hilarious now
Mine was a knockoff from target
You can't just jump into metal, you gotta ease your way in.  I started by listening to bands like nirvana and soundgarden, then gradually got into heavier stuff.
Donuts served after masses were the best
Only movie I've ever walked out of a theater during
We're all your adopted siblings black as well?
I can sorta see what you mean, I guess I see it sorta differently from my perspective.  I'm in high school and most of the people I know have very little variety as far as taste in music, so I was pleasantly surprised At the amount of variety in taste people here have, even if it's not massive.
I wasn't crazy about last years one but I liked Bruno Mars A lot actually.    I'd also love to have Metallica especially since their certainly popular enough to make a decent amount of people happy.
You too?
Same here.  I was like, hey what's that song?
At first I didn't like Geddy's voice but I've come to really like it
I saw Exmortus live when they opened for Marty Friedman a few months ago and they were pretty great.
Middle school too
This sub seems to hate the show but I liked it a lot.  Granted, I'm not that into black or death metal but I still thought it was a good show
I should start playing baseball.
I was rooting for a 42-0 win
Wow that's pretty cool.  Can't wait to get it!
Wow exactly the same for me.
As a brown man, I agree
Anyone else getting the new Megadeth album?  Just bought it but haven't gotten a chance to listen yet.
I'll admit that I can be fairly idealistic and I think you offer very valid points.  I'm firmly against the death penalty but I can understand how some would feel it is necessary.  I think the best scenario here is to make counseling and other services available to pedophiles BEFORE they commit crimes which would hopefully stop many of these crimes from happening in the first place and allow pedophiles to live lives without causing harm to others.
I felt like it had a really powerful message.  The older generation of black people grew up in a time where they could only get ahead by behaving well and putting up with condescension and discrimination. The younger generation grew up in a time where they needed to demand respect in order to make progress in society.  I thought the film really showed hoe the two generations conflicted in a way but ultimately came to understand each other.
Push pops are the shit. Haven't had one of those in forever.
I saw Horton Hears a Who twice.  Don't judge me, I was like 10.
I also kinda want to see him behind a good line :/
Yeah I've been wanting to listen to metropolis pt 2 for a while now
You're joking but for me soda is one of the most addicting things.
In my middle school when we watched it, everyone started laughing when he killed Lenny.
Oh, I didn't know that
For me it depends, if each member played an integral role, I don't like massive lineup changes, but some bands have one member who is pretty much the creative force in the group, and I'm ok with these bands changing it members
How I learned to love the grenade
Did you get the $100?
Its embedded in my mind
He's very high maintenance
I don't want to have to hate Broadway Joe
I don't know why I find this so funny
**CDs**  The Sword - Warp Riders  I hadn't listened to these guys until fairly recently but I've been absolutely loving this album.  Definitely planning on listening to their other albums.  Jerry Cantrell - Degradation Trip  I'm a big fan of Alice in Chains and I had listened to and enjoyed Jerry's first solo album quite a bit.  This ones got a heavier vibe than Boggy Depot.
Similar, My Leg was a lot more subtle but frequent, while Lenny's eye is more obvious but less frequent
Before kindergarten I hated wearing socks
That sounds awesome.  If only it was a little closer
I didn't realize how similar their new stadium looks like their old one.  The view of the roof from the inside especially looks like Texas stadium
I'm a big fan of weekend at Bernie's style coaching
My math teacher first told me this joke
Really miss those prices
How often do you get chesticle PMs?
I need to know, how did you come up with your username?
I love the relevant cited Blue Oyster Cult, Black Sabbath, and AC/DC lyrics
Back when I played Madden 08 I would occasionally sub in Seneca Wallace so I could do QB scrambles.
Best I ever had was an NFL player with the same number of letters as me.
