Andrew Wiggins fucking sucks. I can’t trade him, and I can’t bring myself to drop him
Yeah, he almost outscored my entire team tonight. Woof
He almost outscored my entire team
I really don’t care for the Titans, but I’ve rooted for the Packers for longer than they’ve been local
Holding in 10 man without IR. Would've looked to trade if I weren't undefeated
Without treat reinforcement/training, my Boykin Spaniel would find family members by name. We’d say “Go find X,” and she’d first go check their respective bedroom and then search the rest of the house. She knew us by name. It was the damndest thing
Memphian here. This story is disgusting and just a mess. Even if everything had somehow been consensual, it’s still a man in his 20s having relations with a minor after being tasked with guiding said minor through faith. It’s a stain on Memphis and the Christian faith as a whole. It’s a stain on humanity
Dunn, Collins, Mitchell, and Draymond all went sub-15 for me tonight. Three of them were waiver pickups, and Draymond has been awesome though, so it's no biggie
Trades are borderline impossible in this league. I’d be making the drop for DLo because the DLo owner ran out of healthy bodies and is fighting for a playoff spot, but couldn’t work out a trade in time to be able to win this week. I figure I’d rather have DLo than either of them, but I can probably afford to drop Collins now and swap him for Brown once Collins starts seeing more minutes. Brown has been very meh to bad in Points for over a month, but he can play SG, SF, and PF, he sees a ton of minutes, and he plays for one of the league’s best teams, so you’d think opportunity would arise
Drop Jaylen Brown or Collins for DLo? Points league without IL where trading more or less doesn't happen. DLo just got dropped by an owner who ran out of healthy bodies this week and is fighting for a playoff spot. My team is pretty stacked otherwise. LeBron, Boogie, Draymond, Simmons, The Lord, Mitchell, Dunn, Wiggins, Harris, Ingram, and Conley, in addition to Collins and Brown. I'm in first place currently with the playoffs as a near lock, and Brown did have a good game in London, so I'm leaning Collins for now, just to get DLo on my roster
1. Do I think Memphis will trade him or at least try? Absolutely. They want a first rounder for him.  2. Do I think he’ll get shut down if he’s not traded? Only if Conley comes back strong. They’ll end up resting Gasol, Conley, Parsons, and Evans in some combination as they tank it on down  3. Do I think they’ll play him to he pukes to show they want to win? Memphis doesn’t have a loser mentality about it yet. This season breaks one of the longest playoff streaks in the NBA should the Grizz miss. They plan on trying to build a winning roster around Conley and Gasol, and they plan on showing off what Reke can do in the meantime. If Conley gets shut down, Reke will feast in loserball as he has most of the season. If Conley comes back, they’ll probably try to run some sort of successful offense with both Conley and Tyreke in an attempt to get Tyreke to sign another deal in Memphis.  This season has been painful as a devout member of Grizzlam, but Evans is pretty much the only bright spot so far
My top three picks, LeBron, Boogie, and Draymond, plus Donovan Mitchell gave me a good evening. 3 30+ games and another 26 from DMitch! Andrew Wiggins on the other hand...
Then I went Conley, Wiggins, at 4 and 5, so that’s rough haha. Got Simmons though
I’ve made good and bad drops, though I’m undefeated in Points (about to go in 2nd in total points, but I beat the guy who’s overtaking me), but I can’t top OPs two men remaining, and everything around there is a product of incredible management and/or bad drafts.
I’m undefeated with Draymond and Boogie as my only traditional bigs/guys with C eligibility. I’ve got a lot of players who have PF eligibility, but definitely aren’t PFs (Simmons, Ingram, Lord Roco, Jaylen Brown, etc.), which is how I think I’ve gotten bye. It’s way easier to mitigate a heavy backcourt and weak frontcourt in Points though I think, but, even then, an average big should outperform an average player at the 1-3 in Points, so you’d need a killer guard/SF lineup to stay successful
Things really started going south with his back issue. I don’t think I can trade him, so at this point I’m holding to see if he gets back into form
He’s been serviceable, but nothing special since Turner suffered his most recent injury. Sabonis was a lot better earlier in the year when Turner was out with the concussion, but you could stream worse  ETA: Mercy, it must be build dependent. He was awesome when I had him before Turner was out in October, and then while Turner was out in October, and then he faded hard once Turner came back. I dropped him after it became clear that the whole him and Turner coexisting thing was pure coachspeak, and he hasn’t reached the peaks he did when Turner was initially out at the beginning of the season. He’ll help in certain builds as a Turner contingency plan/handcuff/backup, but he was better in the fall when thrust into the same situation. Granted, the Pacers as a whole were a bit brighter. The likes of Thad Young and Sabonis were still quality depth. They’re both now streamers
My Tennessee license similarly reflects my increasing lack of enthusiasm from 21 to 25. Maybe it’s the picture booths? Maybe it’s the suffocating encroachment of existential dread?
Except in Points DMitch is still a golden child while I’m screaming at Benjamin not to get ejected and fuck up my stack with RoCo. Simmons is better, but DMitch has certainly been helping me more lately
I keep waffling between him and Jaylen Brown as my end of bench in 10 team Points. Collins is a better asset long term if he could at least start seeing around 25 a game. Bud’s reputation about how he uses rookies combined with the fact that the Hawks are tanking makes me wary over whether he’ll get the minutes to break out officially even after the ASB
I heard this guy bragging about his way with women.  “I moved on her like a bitch. But I couldn’t get there. And she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she’s now got the big phony tits and everything. She’s totally changed her look. ... I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know, I’m automatically attracted to beautiful — I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. ... Grab ’em by the pussy. You can do anything.”
Me too. At least he typically plays
He's got 6 TOs and counting. The double double is nice, but it's not one of his more appreciable performances haha. I appreciate that I have him on my team though
Depends on the team. I have Lord RoCo and Simmons, and it was very, very nice earlier in the year, but both have slowed down pretty significantly, so it's not as good as I'd like.  It'd definitely be stupid to have 5 players though, and I wouldn't trade for Wiggins in Points ever. He's a cancer in my lineup, but no one is dumb enough to take him off my hands, and I don't wanna rage drop my 4th pick, but I'm getting close, so very close
When can I start to seriously consider dropping Andrew Wiggins? No one wants to trade for him. He and Jaylen Brown just bum me out every time I open my app
I felt like a thief when I grabbed him off waivers haha. So happy I did though!
His steady acclimation/late start is why I got him. He got dropped before he started rounding into form. I dropped Barton from him (didn't want two guys who occupy somewhat similar roles on the same team on my team considering it was end of bench), and I've been very pleased, even as Barton has outplayed Gary on multiple nights. I still feel Harris is the better hold  ETA: To be fair, I noobishly dropped LouWill before all the injuries and him playing like Denzel trying to track down Dakota Fanning's kidnappers
Great. Now I’m dead inside from learning this is a thing
Andrew Wiggins didn't completely piss me off tonight, so that's an improvement. Now if only the rest of my team hadn't complete shit the bed tonight...
I’m pissed I dropped Collins over him when Collins had a few games under 15 minutes haha. He’s a solid real life player, but he’s not helping me at all these days
I’m the person who does the Disappointment threads, and there have been like four Jazz games total since I started doing them where Rubio hasn’t been mentioned. Him, Myles Turner, and me bitching about Andrew Wiggins is the backbone of that thread
He’s far from a bum, but yeah him not playing since November because of Achilles soreness has sucked. He probably won’t be shut down, but best hope is that he’ll be back before the ASB. He’s doing drills and 3-on-3 last I heard, and I follow the team closely. There’s still no timetable
In 10 team, I feel that. At the same time, on a superstitious level, it’s a good thing to have the one guy who can beat up everyone else in the league
Dude can ball on occasion. He's been hurt most of the year, but he, Dillon Brooks, and Deyonta Davis make for the most exciting young crop of talent the Grizz have had probably since Lowry and Conley were the backcourt.  Selden was wildly successful in LVSL this past summer, scoring basically at will, so he's intriguing to me as a fan of the Grizzlies if he can stay healthy and keep adjusting to big boy ball. He's only a second year player after all, but he actually was a starter against the Spurs in the playoffs last year. Obviously tonight was a career high, but it's no fluke that he can score, and he could see 25+ minutes as the Grizz begin to embrace the tank
LeBron James was my worst player tonight. I appreciate everyone. It's like Andrew Wiggins is a completely different player with Butler sidelined. Big games from Draymond, Boogie, and DMitch too. I desperately needed these performances too. Now I should remain undefeated!  Also, I'm so appreciative of the fact that I can walk in the light of the Lord again! He and Simmons killed it!
I mean, I’ve regretted drafting Wiggins since October, so tonight was great for me
I'm completely biased as a Grizz fan and as a Conley owner and fan, but I think Conley is simply a better player than Millsap, especially at this point in their respective careers. Millsap's return is about when Conley's return could be - around the ASB at the soonest, so he'd be a guy who wouldn't play for you for more or less another month too
Boogie holy shit. So happy I drafted him
Definitely keeping an eye on him. Would be dropping Jaylen Brown I think, so not sure what to do yet
Yes. I own both
It's probably a bad idea. I've definitely got my eye on Dejounte and Skal rn though. My team is undefeated, but I've got multiple players slumping
If Jaylen Brown has a bad game, I might drop him for Murray I think. I have a bajillion point guards, but it's Points
The Jimmy Buckets fan in me is sad, but the Andrew Wiggins owner in me is doing a Grinch smile
I dropped Jaylen Brown for him in Points. Seemingly similar floors, but Murray’s had a higher ceiling lately
Wish I had him. Womp womp
Dropped him for Dejounte. Got so sick of single digit efforts. They have a similar floor, but Murray at least has the decency to hit at least 10 more often haha
Andrew Wiggins is back to being my personal poster child for this thread. Woof
Maybe I should keep DLo on the bench for a bit...
Same, but with my 2nd and 5th picks. Just a crapfest
These injuries just guaranteed that I won't win the season barring catastrophic injury also hitting the only other elite team in the league, who was able to grab John Collins, because I was holding on to Conley (and I also dropped Collins over Jaylen Brown earlier in the year because I'm dumb and decided I didn't need much depth in my bigs because Boogie and Draymond is plenty).  I'm about to find a late season league to hop into I think hahahaha
