I really liked Rochelle from Season 12 and Mary from Season 11. I'm not even sure why. Mary should have won, even ignoring what happened to Ja'nel. Rochelle was just silly and probably wouldn't have ran a team well, but she was just so *happy*.
I was impressed I could understand him through the accent. That's a good sign as to how well he's actually doing with the language. His accent is still very heavy though.
That feel when the 0 ping Alistar can't do the combo you can do at 100 ping.
Depending on my mood, I like to play in this meta. Some days, I just feel like being Maokai. Sometimes I feel like sitting on an ADC's face (whether mine or theirs) and making sure that my ADC is the only one doing damage.  Then, sometimes, I feel like I want to play Fiora and then I realize "Oh wait, I can't do that! I won't be able to kill Maokai/Gragas/Nautilus at 20 minutes!"  It's also really dull to watch, even when a top laner plays a "carry" (Rumble or Ryze basically). Laneswap meta is boring to me... it makes nothing interesting happen for 10 minutes in side lanes. Then, when you get standard lanes, it's a farm lane unless a Ryze is involved, in which case you can count on a TON of action in that lane. You'll get junglers there all the time, maybe a support here or there. And then, 10 minutes in, whether up 5 kills or down 5 kills, Ryze will hold the enemy top laner in place forever. Jungle farms forever, maybe tries a few halfhearted ganks. Mid lane is some combination of Azir/Cass/LB 95% of the time (only when two are banned will you see the super exciting AP Kog'maw... the more disgusting iteration of Ziggs), where the first two simply farm and try to be irritating or LB goes LOLOLOL I ONE SHOT YOU NOW and makes her opponent stay out of vision of her. ADC is literally Sivir, Urgot or Kalista. Kalista is the most interesting thing in the pro meta right now. Sivir is the ADC Ziggs. Urgot isn't an ADC. Support meta is at least somewhat diverse... some mages like Morg and Annie, some peelers like Janna, some engages like Thresh and Naut and then occasionally Bard, who people insist is actually a useful champion.
Playing Combo Deathrattle priest. Sneeds is out. Opponent is at 17 health. Have the combo in my hand (Rivendare, Zombie Chow x2, Auchenai, circle). Opponent kills Sneeds. Illidan.  1 minion on board (Illidan). Play Rivendaire. Now 3. Chow #1. 5. Chow #2. 7. Try to play Auchenai. Fail. Play Circle.
For what it's worth, in my pitiful silver 4 ranked games, I snowball with Annie super hard. I start flask, never leave lane until I get a Needlessly Large Rod then work on getting my ADC as many assists as possible (I take the kills because it is still silver and I trust no one).  Usually, by 25 mins I have a Ludens and at least Sorc Shoes, possibly another whole Needlessly Large Rod. At that point, I just play assassin Annie. I get Distortion fairly early and play "See ADC kill ADC".  If you're not super ahead, though, you should probably consider going a more bruisery build. RoA (though it might be late for that by the time you realize you need it), Abyssal, Zhonya's, Rylai's.  Basically in teamfights you are always going to look for an opportunity to Tibbers their backline, which is easier to do depending on the ADC and their tankline. I would never drop Tibbers on tanks unless you absolutely need to peel them off. If you can flash Tibbers onto 3+ people, do it (as long as your team is nearby). Usually, you can one shot someone and hit Zhonya's before they can really react.
It may be a difference in elo. I play in Silver, where I can reliably get onto a backline with a triple man Tibbers regardless of how the game is going. I've also seen a grand total of ONE Banshee's Veil on an ADC in my last 20 Annie games. If I'm stuck in a rough lane (HI LEBLANC), I build RoA. If I'm in an even or winning matchup, I rush Luden's, but I always feel like it doesn't really matter what I build when my Tibbers + W will almost always simultaneously one shot their ADC, mid laner and support.
Because I can still have fun in a lost cause game. I can make them waste their time more than I waste my own. I go into a game expecting it to take a while. If they want a ff20 game, I make damn sure that game goes for 40+ mins. I won't play another game most likely, anyway.
2 months of out of game time for me = 9 days of logged in time.
My two main champs lately have been Annie and Ekko. I can almost guarantee I could call at least two champs people would pick for me.
I was originally a BLM. I didn't really get too far (few halfhearted attempts at T9), but I wanted to try to heal. I got my Conjurer to like 17 and felt like that was not for me, so I started with my SCH. I didn't get to 50, but I wasn't the biggest fan. I started with AST once the expansion hit and I love it.  I kinda wish the damage were slightly better (though I just got Gravity), but it's nice to actually heal with thought and not just let Eos sit there healing for you.
That's my situation every time I draft Deathwing... except it's turn 9.
I remember when the pro advice on playing Vayne was "Don't pick Vayne" not too long ago. Suddenly, Jinx got the nerf bat and then there's no top tier late game champs left.
I don't have any knowledge of the realms I'm not on (Brynhildr by the way), so I wouldn't be the best source there. On most of them, you'll find similar groups of people though, so unless you know someone on the server, the one with the best connection is the best bet.
I tend to run into more issues with tanks getting demolished (bad Dark Knights are relentless) than group heals, so I value the 5% healing potency and shields over the regen.  I went through a dungeon where my DRK used his zombie CD 3 times, "died" and I barely got him back up in time. I may have been able to do so in Diurn, but it would do much less in keeping him alive while he's getting half hit.
I'm not the OP of the post. I'm breezing through everything by staying in Noct. I can easily keep everyone up. The closest I came to a wipe due to group damage was the end of the last boss of the Vault, where I was scraping the bottom of my MP pool for the last 5%.
Based on my experiences:  1. Never. You can sometimes get away with both, but usually Rageblade&gt;IBG is the way to go  2. Fine item against Jax and when their ADC is going to be a threat. Strong 2nd item. Don't overcap CDR though.  3. TP usually better, ignite in lane that you have some early kill pressure in (any lane that isn't a super tank or someone that can destroy you early like Renekton)  4. I think Irelia is massively underrated. I feel like she's harder to deal with than Jax, but Jax still gets a ban every other game.
Frost Queens is a good item, but I wouldn't build it anymore. It is getting nerfed and Morellos is going to be a better item. That said, you really can get away with no mana item until late game.  Basically, rushed item should always be a Needlessly Large Rod item. I prefer Luden's. Zhonyas is something I only rush against Zed. Any other AD Assassin you can deal with without substantial armor early.  I would get CDR boots here. Distortion is what you should buy eventually, but work it in when you can.  I would USUALLY go Void of Dcap because people are finally getting smarter and rushing MR items against an Annie.  Some tips: Don't be afraid to use your stun to farm if you need to. It's not ideal and you should play safe without your stun, but it comes back quick enough.  RoA is a good item on Annie, but I would only build it in a lane that is not going to be fun for you. Leblanc is the big one. I would consider RoA&gt;Abyssal a very reasonable starting build path in that lane.  For stun stacks, it depends on your ideal target. Do they have Banshees? Go in with 3 stacks and start with Q or W before Tibbers. Same for Sivir. If they're Sivir with Banshees, try to bait one without committing. If they're Sivir with Banshees and Morgana, just cry in a corner or something.  Charge your stun up walking from base if you plan on going in quickly. It'll suck to have stun charged and walk back to an empty lane.  Ability order is Q-W-Q-W-Q-R-E for levels 1-7. E is good for stacking passive, but is unnecessary early.
I just played with a Gragas jungle for the first time in weeks and I can see why now, honestly.  First, he was never a soloqueue champion. His abilities are all very coordination based.  Second, he doesn't do damage. At all. Q does about a caster minion auto. Ult does about as much as a blue Ez Q.  The guy playing him did fine (excluding one time he broke up a 4 man stun I had, but w/e), but the champion provided no threat in fights. Why bother killing him when he doesn't do anything?
My favorite bot lane ever was Jinx/Karma.  The sheer amount of level 1-2 poke in that lane is absurd.
I've always said I play Shitty Diana jungle because that is what Akali is. Diana is better than Akali in nearly every possible way.
Yeah Fenix carried them for most of last split, but he's looking like a liability now.  Fenix isn't an early game snowballer. I remember a game last year where he played Zed and, while he played EXTREMELY well in teamfights, his purpose was to bait spells and items, not kill. He baited exhausts, QSSes, Mikaels and Heals by just ulting and immediately taking the shadow back.
And?  When did I say my team is playing well? This game was comically bad.
Annie and Sona are the only two I could ever justify it on now.  While Zhonyas and Abyssal are great on bruiser-mage Annie, one shot wombo combo Annie needs pure AP and Void Staff. Flat pen is alright for her, but she needs to get the CDR for Tibbers somehow with that build. Also, Flash Tibbers.  Sona, the same way but she's even more CDR dependent having only 2 true damaging abilities. It's a stretch to say mid Sona is really a thing, but it's a fun gimmick I like to pull out once in a while. Her build would typically be Morello/Lich/Ionian's for the 40% CDR. She's going to be literal paper Abyssal/Zhonyas or not if she builds more than one damage item. Also, again, Flash Crescendo.  For both of them, Sorc is still pretty even all considered. For any other mage, Ionians are useless which is impressive considering they were literally the best mage boots not 4 patches ago.
We were but we all decayed because autofill.
One. Just got it a few days ago. Fandral. I run him in a token style druid deck.
So my high school had 2 levels of computer programming. The first year class was like a guided tour through the wonders of Visual Basic. It was go at your own pace and the teacher was there as a resource and occasional lecturer. Most of us finished the book sometime in January, leaving us 4+ months to do our final project. Also, someone in years prior had loaded all these computers with Halo. Halo tournaments for 4 months was interesting.  I took the 2nd year programming class and only 6 people signed up. The school decided to put the 2nd year class IN the 1st year class. The teacher was like "Well what the fuck do I do with this shit" and, knowing that 2 of my friends only took the class because I did (and the fact that it was a clear goof-off class) and already knew more about Java than he did said "Here, make something for me by the end of the year. I don't care what and if you have questions, ask them." This year, we played SC2, AoE and WC3 all year.
Zac is strong regardless of the keystone, but that makes him overpowered.  His early clears are good. Nothing spectacular, but not bad. His early ganks are exceptional, having easily the longest (non-ult) engage range in the game as well as the most diverse gank paths outside Evelynn in a game where control wards don't exist.  He scales exceptionally well for a tank. Unlike tanks like Maokai and Nautilus, his damage is always relevant (along the lines of something like a 1 offensive item Irelia) and his teamfighting is godly.  His only weakness is that he's got the same problems as Amumu. Very invadable. Like Amumu, he clears well, but if he meets the enemy jungler, he's running if he's not getting help.   Zac is my 2nd choice ban if Hecarim is banned already. As a jungle main, I feel capable of dealing with any other pick from any other role, but I feel like both of those are impossible to save my team from.
I guess I'm late here, but there's always that saying about nails on a chalkboard?  Well I fucking hate using a chalkboard eraser. I'm actually cringing typing it... something about that dry rubbing feeling is so awful. It physically hurt me to write that sentence.  When my schools started switching to expo boards, I was so fucking happy.
Yep. My first kitchen job wasn't so much a line, but I worked Saute a lot. When I had to work with the other people in that kitchen I'd just walk off to grab something cursing everyone out under my breath. Couldn't be too loud with it because it was a Disney kitchen, but loud enough for my head chef to hear me once when I walked by.
Evelynn out of nowhere. I used to use her to climb a few seasons ago, but then I bought into the whole "Annie OP" hype and climbed with her for a while. Got bored and had mediocre success with my favorite champ Orianna, but decided I would try Eve again. She's literally the only jungler I have any kind of impact with anymore. I play AD Hybrid Eve (red warrior &gt; Triforce &gt; gunblade &gt; tank and/or GA) and just wreck everyone. I just don't get why I am better with a stealthy assassin style champ when my style's always been brute force power (Vi, Annie) or just farming for late (Ori).
So I've been playing Eve (AD with Triforce Gunblade) lately and rarely feel like my team is struggling from having a squishy jungler, but sometimes I feel like I'd be better served with a tankier build. With how strong Titanic is this patch and how her E doublehits, could Titanic be good on Eve? I'm basically building like Jax right now as it is and even he switched to Titanic.
I'm saying that I build that when I don't need a tank. If I feel I need a tank, I'm looking for a tankier build so I can be somewhat of a frontline. Cinderhulk yes/no? Is Titanic Hydra good, or should I just stick with sheen items?
Soul Leech for locks overall, Drain Life filler for Afflic in particular. Our afflic lock can literally stand in empowered liquid hellfire and not lose any health. His health bar does not move. Little less strong for the other specs, but the two of us are always the last two to die if a fight goes on and on.
Only warlock spec it isn't broken for is Demo (my 880 arcano and 890 whispers will last me until fucking Mythic titanforges of anything in ToS). It's well below the big 3 (Metronome being the third). Max ilvl is weaker than a 915 Whispers.
So I just looked at our opponents next year and holy fuck is that a scary schedule. Saints, Jags, Rams, Titans, Bucs away and Panthers, Falcons, Texans, Colts, Vikings home.  Assuming we won't start the season with Wentz, I hope we get Bucs, Titans, Colts and maybe Jags and Texans early because the rest are scary games.
So I'm nostalgic when I say that I hate everything about the Evelynn rework and have since day 1?
It was closer to 50/50 as I recall.  I personally played Red smite warrior&gt;Triforce&gt;Gunblade&gt;Tank. I rarely saw full AP. I'd see Echoes + Lich into tank or Gunblade + Echoes. The most "full AP" I saw was Echoes&gt;Protobelt&gt;Lich Bane, but that was rare.
I guess if you're going to call plat with just under 300 games low elo, sure.  My stats are skewed because I played new Eve and hated every second early after rework, but I finished the season with a 57% winrate and 2.58 KDA. She was my second most played behind Orianna (which I won less and had a worse KDA on) and followed by my 71% win rate Kayn.  Typically I went Red Smite &gt; Warror &gt; Sheen &gt; Revolver to get the strongest on-hit burst for mid game, then finished Triforce or Gunblade depending on what I needed. I'd sometimes go IBG if we needed more beef right away. I did still play AP eve occasionally based on comp needs, but AD always felt better for me.
I had the 70% on Eve for the longest time. I tanked it back down because I liked playing Orianna (53% win rate).  I'm not a one trick player because climbing isn't my primary concern. I played 61 Evelynn and 48 Kayn. I played 13 different champs 10 or more times and only had a sub 50% on 2. Kayn, Warwick, Mumu, Diana, Vi and Eve were my top performing (56 for Eve and Vi, 60+ on the rest). And my KDAs sucked across the board with very few over 2.5.  Eve to me was not an assassin. She was capable of deleting squishies I caught (Red Smite E would near 1 shot someone with my build), but I played her as an initiator because, as you can see from my champions, I played a brute force style. I go in and I lock down for my AD, mid or top to clean up.
I won a lot with her early on and struggled in high gold and plat mmr. I'm not a mechanical player. I focus on macro to win, which is why I prefer champs with big GO signs on their kits.  Like I said, my top champs were all over 50% win rates and I was getting 20-25 LP per win. Overall I won 55% of my games on the season and just gave up when I hit my goal of Plat. A lot of more skill based champions that I enjoy playing but am not particularly good at hurt me. Fiora (44% in 16), Kha (3/9), Akali (42% in 12). I also had 12 champs I played 1-2 games on and lost all to go with only 4 champs I played 1-2 and won all on.  I also remember being really streaky. My final push to Plat was an 11 game win streak starting in G2. I hit G1 at one point prior and lost 7 straight.
I didn't *play* in plat 5. Also, as I said, Eve's rework came before I made my final push. I switched to Kayn at that point and he was my #1 champ for the final month. I played about 10 ranked games of new Eve, which dropped my win rate down from its 70%.
You're doing everything right as far as playstyle, but your gear is just never going to function. I'm similarly geared as far as ilvl and only have T20 2 set. I have 12k haste and I'm still low. I pull about the same numbers as you.
This. So many people act like Stealth is instawin, but I've only ever lost solely because they can't trade into my stealthed minions and I run out of health.  My must picks are almost always Staff of Summoning and Captured Flag. Justicar's is good on Pally always and not terrible on any others.
It does suck that your guys' window seemed to slam shut so quickly, though. You do still have Wilson, but your OL was never a strength and your defense has aged faster than any unit I've ever seen. Having all your young talent work at once is great, but then you get the problem of having 15 superstars coming up for contracts simultaneously.  I'm worried the same will happen with the Eagles tbh. A lot of Eagles fans are saying the window is essentially centered on Wentz's rookie deal. I think they can compete past that, but it would require the amazing drafting to continue and a lot of defensive players to take discounts.
I've just always loved Jacksonville. I remember when I was in middle school in the early-mid 2000s, my family took a vacation to Disney and wouldn't you know what the local game was? Eagles-Jags. I don't know why that made me like them, but I've rooted for them since. Even if I remember them winning that game.  Edit: 2006, where they lost 13-7. Jags had 80 something passing yards.
They're about 2 games short of Eagles West every year.  I'm rooting for the Jags. I'd basically rather any AFC team this weekend win over any other NFC team, then Steelers then a meteor ending the world then the Pats
I've been watching standings more than games because of my schedule, but I'd assumed they were kinda a bottom-feeder team so far this year. Until I looked at the other divisions. Last place in the Metro has 45 points. Last place in the Atlantic has 29. Second last has 37. Flyers would be 4th in the Atlantic.
I hate Peyton as much as Brady as a side note.  I don't think you can ever look up to a QB as an every-man, especially considering he basically became the best QB in the NFL in his 2nd season. He married a supermodel. He had to work, in so far as he had to keep a scholarship through school, but he was a full ride scholarship to Michigan. It's not like he came from nowhere.
In my family they were public enemy no. 2. I'm not sure why because my family was basically Kenso bred until most of us moved to South Jersey. I guess we had a few people marry into Northern Jersey families so we had to tolerate a Giants fan or 10.
