&gt; I guess it's a thing you beat fish to death with if you live someplace where you aren't allowed to take fishing knives with you when you go fishing?  I guess. I'm not from UK, so I just take a knife with me when I go fishing.  The brits probably decided that letting the fish just flop around on the ground near you is very inhumane and they must be killed as soon as possible.
Used one in school while training. Don't have one at work. We mostly do aluminum.   We have some parts where allowances are 0.005mm (less than 0.00002 in) but the machines we use are fairly decent, so we don't really need grinders.
Geographically it's in Central Europe, as the center of Europe is next to Vilnius.   Culturally it's in Eastern Europe, as we're all still against gays and half of our population believes that it was better in the Soviet Union.  Visually we're Northern Europe, since we're right next to Sweden, which is Northern Europe.   We are moving towards the Northern countries culturally, though. People are becoming more educated, technologies are improving, wages are rising.
I didn't go back there. So many other things to see around the city, so little time.   I doubt it would be much more impressive than Google Cardboard, considering that you don't get any controller or anything. It's just a video.
Tried Spotify and Google Music. They're both essentially the same thing. Playlists, discovering new music, downloading stuff for off-line listening, etc. The only difference is that Spotify costs 7 euros per month and G Music costs 5, so I use Google Music.
Doctor.
I felt sorry for the guy. I mean, $8000...
Generally everyone (especially women) are expected to have children at some point. Friends, parents and various relatives will constantly complain about wanting a grandson and stuff like that. Reddit is one of few places where childfree people are supported, so putting it out here makes sense.
I always just continue driving normally. They're blowing past everyone, that's why I nearly hit them. It's kind of difficult to expect a biker to speed up to me, lane splitting at 40+mph through traffic, ignoring all traffic signs and rules.   Obviously I'm not going to hit them or try to scare them in any way. My car is quite rare, so finding new body panels would be a bitch.   It's not me who has to drive more cautiously or respect them. It's them who need to grow up and start obeying some rules, if they want to get any respect from anyone. They're not too different from cyclists, in many ways. For these guys, road is about friendship and sharing and car drivers are so selfish and not friendly. That's until there's a red traffic light and they just ride past it, because fuck that shit.
I unsubscribed from that place because it was just a constant stream of fat ugly people wearing colourful scarfs.
At least I'm not fat.
I provide jobs to 8 year olds who would otherwise starve to death.
Overtaking like that is very common and accepted in Poland. I just went there for holidays last week. I was going down a country road like this and there was a big trailer truck coming the other way. And then another similar truck decided to overtake that one.   I think I even got it on camera.
&gt;There is a section in the side bar saying where to start and what to buy.  &gt;A quick Google search of “Best quads for beginners” will yield at least 20 useful results.  &gt;There are also hundreds of build guides on Youtube  See, that's the problem. As a recent beginner myself, I was just so overwhelmed by the amount of information. Hundreds of search results mean hundreds of different opinions, a hundred people naming a hundred different combinations of components as the absolute best for a beginner.  I can understand why some people might want some advice/answer aimed directly at them.   I did my own research and figured that the best way is to simply copy someone else's setup that works well. I would find a build log and start looking for identical components, but then something would be out of stock. Or some motors would have an upgraded version available for a lower price, but then you need different ESCs, or a different battery. Then you need larger props to fully utilize those motors, which means that your frame will be too small.   You get the idea.   I just bought a HobbyKing 250 quad, which comes with everything except the flight controller and RX/TX. Around $100 and it flies, even though it's fairly shitty and I could've gotten a better setup for the price.
My bath is in a separate room from the toilet. I have a trashcan in the toilet for visitors. Toilet paper is flushable and toilet paper rolls go in the normal bin.
Because they look like someone who's looking for fun and not a serious commitment. Someone who will leave you as soon as a better option becomes available.   Obviously there are exceptions, this is just an initial impression.   I'm way more attracted to cute girls than hot ones for this reason. I'm not looking for short-time fun.
I cleaned bathrooms for one summer in a factory. Men are way cleaner than women.
It was not supposed to be a monopoly scheme.  Here in Lithuania we have a similar system, except that the government issues special number plates for taxi cars. This ensures that all taxi cars are licensed, regularly checked (strict technical inspections every 6 months) and the drivers pay all the taxes.   This was needed because lots of illegal taxi drivers existed, who would stand near train stations and similar places and ask people if they need a taxi. These guys weren't paying any taxes, their cars were pieces of shit with barely working brakes and they would overcharge you if they saw that you're new in the city.   Uber is just like these illegal guys, no taxes, no background checks, no technical inspections (for normal cars inspections are done once in 2 years, they're less strict), the drivers could easily be serial killers for all you know.   Also, just for context, we have several taxi companies who use smartphone apps, have wifi in their cars (some even have Android tablets to play around). There's also a new app called Taxify. It's just like Uber (see where your car is, leave reviews, pay by card or add the payment to your phone bill) except that you have to be an actual taxi driver to show up on the map.
Sigma 17-50mm F2.8, more than enough for typical holiday stuff. I also took 50mm F1.8 just in case, but never used it.
There's a really high possibility that they came from Eastern Europe, as buyers from those countries are almost as common here, as local buyers.  Buyers from Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and all that region are common here.
&gt; Sometimes these are also one whole piece  There's no such thing. I have had many holes in exhaust systems of my cars over the years, never bought a whole thing. Just cut the rusty bit out with an angle grinder and weld new one in. Any decent mig welder could do it.
I'm really loving the Electro Swing genre, [this stuff.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C6-TWRn0k4I) I haven't met anyone who didn't like it.
We have additional signs too.  Also, many years ago new drivers here had to have 70 sticker on the back of their cars, because this was the top speed they were allowed to drive for the first two years (~44 mph), unless road signs showed lower speed limit.  Then someone figured that these people should be allowed to go 90 km/h (56mph) on highways, as maximum allowed speed there is way higher than in cities and someone doing 70 would be dangerous. Highways are 130 km/h (81 MPH).   So now the "Noob sticker" is a [Maple leaf.](http://i.imgur.com/98ZmlIq.jpg) No idea why. Some people got [creative.](http://i.imgur.com/QL54AQx.jpg)  This isn't even Canada, I don't know why they picked a maple leaf.
Lithuania. Alcohol is now banned from petrol stations. Geniuses at the parliament figured that drunk drivers must be getting drunk when they stop for petrol, so this must help solve the problem. It's ridiculous.
Aye.  What did the trick was dropping it screen-down on concrete. The digitizer cracked but it still works. I got a 5X anyway.
That's good to hear. Buttons shouldn't be an issue as I don't use them much anyway. Protection is more important. Now it's without any case and it just feels... naked.   Also not very grippy.
I did! Now I live in a city which has these yellow rectangles in all intersections, to mark the zone where you can't stop, so you can clearly see if you can go or not. And nobody honks if you stop before it, while the light is still green! It's awesome.
I believe it. There are lots of immigrants from Eastern Europe. As a result, there are large communities where those same people open businesses, corner shops, etc. There's really no need to learn English if you're Polish, for example.   I've worked in several factories while studying there, met lots of people who couldn't say a word in English. There were at least 4 Polish food shops within walking distance of my house.
I have. I never actually bought the game. I torrented it, played for a while, then dropped it for a year. Then downloaded a newer version, played for a bit again, it's still not that great, so now I'll continue waiting.
Heh, glad you like it.  Also, my cat jumped up quite high when I clicked that Play button.
I'm not sure if they have ratings, but my local gym has personal cards that you scan on each machine and they automatically adjust the seat height, the weights and all that, and it tracks how many reps you do. You can then see your progress online. Ratings might be against privacy laws or something.
Donors often feel quite brave, I occasionally see some without licence plates. They're fast, so they feel immune to police.
Weird little country from some cold corner of Europe reporting in, we have bi-annual inspections.  Unfortunately, many mods are frowned upon. You can upgrade your brakes or lift/lower the car. Body kits are also allowed, as long as they don't make your car more than some 12 inches wider or longer.  Upgrading the engine is a no-no, you can legally increase the power by no more than 20%, I think.   If you obviously have modded parts, then you might be asked to go for an inspection, and that shit is crazy expensive. Can be as much as 1000 euros.  Swapping engines is also not allowed. You can do it if you really want to, but then you have to prove that the new engine was taken from a roadworthy car and also prove that the car body was scrapped after that. It has to be done by a licenced mechanic. And then you need to pass that 1000 euro inspection.  The only way to mod anything seriously is to get roll cages, then you can register your car as a track car. Roll cage has to be welded by a licensed welder and there are just a few such guys in the country, so waiting list is like two years and it will cost you 1500-2000 euros.  And then they will take your race car licence away if you break any road law, such as speeding, running a red light or trying to drift in an empty parking lot.
I've never been to Romania, but been to several countries further north from it. Let me tell you, walking down the main street in summer and just looking at women is so nice, especially after spending a few years in western Europe.  Fat acceptance hasn't arrived yet either, so girls actually try to take care of themselves.
Is it because I'm all in your face now?
&gt;Have you actually been there?  Nah, they would never let me in.
&gt; What have you done?  I was born in Lithuania.   The border control is all sorts of messed up. They make up their own rules, ask for made up payments and generally hold you up for 12 hours just for the hell of it, if you're just a tourist.  It's different if you actually live there or if you have a russian surname.
Depends on apartment, I guess. Mine has a separate little room for the toilet.
It's not supposed to be good. You're a student, you're severely hungover, someone puked all over the shower and you have classes in two hours.
Yea, we just got rid of our airline. Lithuania isn't big enough for such a thing, especially if it's paid for by the taxpayers. Even with subsidies their tickets were somehow still more expensive than those from normal, standard commercial airlines.
That's how it is in my place. All horizontal surfaces are at your service.
Crap. I just get some 2 hours of SoT and I don't have any rogue apps, like Facebook or anything.  It's quite laggy too, especially when typing. I use Swiftkey. Opening Chrome occasionally results in some 5-second lags too. And this is just a couple days after a complete wipe and a fresh install.
I don't really know how, but I managed to get a really good position at a really good company. I'm in my mid 20's. Now I earn more than my parents' friends who have been making careers for the past 30 years.   My parents come over to visit me a few times per year (they live abroad) and all their old friends gather here. Then they start asking questions about how I'm doing. I have to keep coming up with excuses not to tell them how much I earn because it just feels wrong.
I bought a big van a week ago, now I have a month to prepare it for the music festival season. It's going to be awesome.
He's too important to turn around and find a place to get on the right side of the road. I'm from Lithuania and I see lots of cars from Russia, driven by extremely arrogant douchebags.
I was using a wrapper for their mobile site (Tinfoil for Facebook) and now FB did something to it. I can see that I have new messages but the app crashes as soon as I click the icon.
I've been in such seats before. They don't have proper armrests, to ensure that everyone will be able to exit quickly in an emergency and no one's clothes will get caught on it.  So yes, lots of legroom and no place to put your arms.
Right, so my parents were born and grew up in the Soviet Union. Traveling within it was really cheap so they did lots of that, but canned food was generally really bad and fairly expensive, so they made their own. Buy a bunch of beef and rice, cook it, add a ton of salt as a preservative and put it in a jar. Wash the jar with vodka before it to sterilise it. Same dash of vodka can be used for dozens of jars and then you can drink it to celebrate the successful jar washing session.
My car has a crap horn but the exhaust note is really nice. Kind of angry when accelerating. Definitely angrier than the horn.
All sorts of interlocking, reinforced blocks are becoming more popular here because they're porous, which means that they're lighter and they offer much better insulation properties.  We never have any tornadoes or earthquakes here, yet people still build houses like that. It's kind of common to inherit a house from your grandparents or something, live in it or sell it and build a new one.
