I saw this episode ten minutes ago and noticed it as well. Had a chuckle at Rick the dick.
Red green was my shit.
I always tilted my chair back and then sat on my toes.
I've kept my weed in the amerna jar after use. Smells great and is the perfect size.
You win life. You don't work in Tulsa do you?
I really wanna like hockey but I grew up in Oklahoma with zero chance. Where do I start?
Thanks! I'll give it a go. Not the friend thing, everybody here watches football and baseball but definitely just start with the season.
Hurry up and make weed legal. Source an Oklahoman whose been driving for your beer for a decade.
Wish I could. Wish I had stairs too though.
Hanging with the boys
Yeah me too. It's the equivalent of I can't even. Can't what? Finish a sentence?
Oh yeah my j went out. Thanks homie.
Worked for the beatles
We did spend half a century jailing people for being rumored as communist.
Went with a walmart
I actually did forget. Damn.
Oops - USA
The comments on that subreddit gave me a brain tumor
After going melee I finally got high enough to build up my int to get the fusion core launcher.
Fuck book fairs anyway. I have over 200 books in my house. If my son wants he can read any of them.
Yeah I remember reading grapes of wrath in like third grade or something. I was always years ahead as far as that went. Definitely helped shape who I would become. Patience being one of my big attributes.
I was only pointing out how ludicrous they were being. Thanks for the reprimand though. Really.
You're husband is a lucky man.
What would I do while smoking cigs and taking shits?
So I guess there'd probably be more bombings if they wanted to mass murder. I'm actually against guns and all types of violence, just following the conversation train.
I have got to get me one of these!
I have an epiphone aj-200sce that plays and sounds like a dream. Cutaway and pickup. Also has a built in tuner. I got it brand new for 279.
I'm on my second play through as all melee. I really wish you could dual wield.
Found the government assisted dude.
Having a place to so homework as a kid probably helped.
I've been playing guitar for about 25 years and I thought Page was a god til I heard Terry Kath.
Yeah honestly I've been playing Bach lately and that shit Is more metal than anything anybody thinks up anymore.
What's the minimum? I'm a working class guy in my young thirties wanting to start from the bottom and as you say the penny stock game won't help me short term.
Yeah my prom was basically the zoot suit riot video.
Yeah Bernie won Oklahoma. Fucking Oklahoma. He had my vote.
Shawnee oklahoma
I've seen a man take a piss on a pallet of Dr peppers once. It does happen.
I could go ahead and keep that money to have our country swing a smaller dick. I'd sleep pretty good at night.
Lesbianist here. I think YOU got it.
Thank you! Going.
We did that
We have this shop yard behind the warehouse I work at where we keep our trucks that had s couple of huge trees they must cut down and I had the guys cut me some cross cuts of the trunks and now they're just in the back of my truck.  I'm hoping to think of a way to mill them soon.
Im buyin
I dont really care enough to argue about it. Pot and hard drugs are two completely different things in my mind and have no relation to one another.
Who said i was a liberal?
Maybe? This is the only way i make tea. Im also assuming hob means boiling water over a gas stove.
Welcome to the club. Have a room temp vodka.
Shake away. I dont.
This kind of shit happens to me all the time. Glad im not alone. I guess.
As a rigger we use bowlines all the time. But id call this a clove hitch especially the last two loops.
