oh and RHD doesn't matter at all. My triumph was RHD, and many mail jeeps are as well.
Nice Taco! Those old dell workstations, not so much. I feel your pain if you are in IT and trying to keep those running. We only have 4 and its a weekly chore.
haha.. no shit. My vacuum was a couple grand. But i've bought one set of filters and nothing else in a decade and it gets used multiple times a day.  My shop vac at home needs filters every couple months.
man i've been trying to buy my neighbors for 20 years. He died and his widow scrapped it. I cried.
I have the Cub Cadet mower in a self propelled walk behind. It has two blades side by side and 4 speeds. Used to take me 2-3 hours to push low my lawn with emptying bags. Now i mulch the whole thing with that bad boy in about half an hour.   http://www.cubcadet.com/equipment/cubcadet/walk-behind-mowers/wide-area-walk-behinds/features  That said i was looking into the honda harmony or snapper riders because they were the only ones that would fit through my gate (36") but they are fixed deck mowers and won't mow an non-flat lawn well. Anything else was too damn expensive.
not much short of an acre. Its more work than a rider (steering it mostly), but a similar amount of cut and speed for a fraction of the price.
people always underestimate how much padding, plastic, and safety equipment is in a modern car. Having worked with airbags they are really fucking heavy.
yeah, that's why we dropped autotrader in favor of cars.com. They weight their ads so the premium cost listings show up first and the standard pages that us little guys use get shoved to the back of the bus.
I would have known to skip belgium on my honeymoon. Brussels has pretty buildings, but it is godawful there. Basically piss and garbage running in the street like a 3rd world country.
A Ranger is a very good pickup truck. A tacoma is also a very good pickup truck. They are, however, very different. The Tacoma puts out less power and has a much lighter load rating.  2002 Tacoma 4X4 in a 5 speed with a 3.4 v6 - 190 (generous) hp/18 mpg hwy  2010 Ranger 4X4 5 speed 4.0L v6 - 207 hp/19 mpg hwy  In my experience i always got better mileage in the Ranger. It felt like it wasn't working as hard.   The Ranger has a stronger frame/steering/suspension and a more powerful motor.   The Tacoma has an excellent engine in the 3.4 (1 mpg less than the 2.7 so why not) that will last nearly forever, but the rest of the truck, especially the body, steering, and suspension, will wear out before that.  I drive a Toyota now, but a newer ranger is a better choice in the long run. You will get more life out of it for less money. They also do much better in the snow.
1) 68 GTO  2) 95 F150  3) 73 Triumph GT6 (Still have)  4) 99 Ranger  5) 87 F150  6) 91 F150  7) 96 F250  8) 87 Toyota  9) 94 Toyota (x2) (Still Have, DD + Wheeler)  10) 84 RX7 (Still Have)  One of these is not like the others. And yes i kick myself for selling it, but 16 year old me wanted a truck bad.
Well in my state that's the limit for kids under 16 (aka 12 and up) so honestly you shouldn't be able to get yourself in too much trouble. Use common sense, don't get out of the boat with it running (props are sharp), and other than that don't worry about it. Remember stick left to turn right, and vice-versa, on an outboard.  A 10 horse 4 stroke shouldn't scare the fish, especially trolling, but drift or anchor fishing if you're just casting into a hole you'll want to turn it off once you arrive to save gas, etc.  Remember the essentials, always have water/food on the boat, simple tools just in case, life jackets, and a whistle. 4 People is a bit crowded, so drop off your gear first.
I've got a transport broker that'll do it cheap from seattle, takes some time but he's never failed me. PM for more info.
not if your careful, it will soften it slightly, so that why you want to do it right away so it comes off easier. It'll harden right back up pretty quickly.   I just did a tundra with a similar scratch but full length of the truck, cleaned the scratch with alcohol, touched it up carefully, wetsanded level, and buffed, and it is not noticeable at all. If you don't wetsand and buff it still looks pretty good, but can be seen depending on the light and angle.
brand of what? clearcoat? i use ppg products myself. Find a store that sells automotive paint and buy a small touch up bottle of activated clearcoat. It will be thin enough. Or if your cheap you can thin out clear in an autozone duplicolor touch up bottle. Honestly worst case scenario it wipes off easy if you don't let it dry all the way.
Haha, i work right next to a taco bell too. Still i try to leave the cars, since ya know, people want to drive them.
yeah it's not that hard. A carb tune is pretty much free, just takes know how. I like the vacuum method myself, it's not as exact but its way easy.
we specialize in low mileage older stuff at my place, that 5-15 range. this is totally in my ballpark for sure.
you'd be surprised, especially in this market. but yeah, most of em are good ol boys. I've been doin this since i was 12, ain't much i haven't seen.
lift it up, put it in neutral with the parking brake on, and rotate the driveshaft back and forth. It shouldn't have much play in the rear end without spinning the wheels.   My truck has like 1/4 turn of play in the rear end, and does exactly what you are describing. It's definitely time for a rear end, but i drive like 1/2 mile a day so i'm putting it off till it's a little worse or  i need to drive on the highway.
this works where i am very well.. lots of people do it. I don't know how well they will grow in texas though.   The nice thing is the timing. You only have to trim them a couple times a year to get a good shape, and they are marketable in a few years.
Buy a used car wash vacuum. That is where i got mine. Unbolted it from the concrete, bolted on wheels and motorcycle handlebars to tug it around, and put wheels on it. Then you can really get the sand out, not just the surface bits. It's a huge timesaver having a 2 or 3 motor vac.
Honestly, i would get another fullsize SUV. If i bought a crew cab truck i'd just end up with a bed i can't use to haul my quad or fit a bicycle. So yeah, might as well get another SUV.   Probably would get a v10 excursion or a big block chevy suburban. Cuz i drive like 2,000 miles a year and the gas mileage won't matter.
of course.  Lets put it this way, if you have a car worth 10k trade, and are buying a newer car. You get 10k plus save another 1k on sales tax. If you plan on selling it for 12k, but will take 11.5, you're net gain by selling it yourself is $500. subtract $250 for a detail and oil change, etc, and you will net $250.   Now for a lot of people it's not worth it. Especially having to buy the new car and sit on the old one for possibly months.  Of course if your car is only worth $500 trade, the tax savings is absolutely negligible and you are better off trying to sell it for a grand or two yourself.   It's not a hard and fast rule that selling yourself is better. That's why my job exists.
Started washing cars when i was 12 at the family business. Worked my way through college detailing and turning wrenches. Went into sales shortly thereafter. The just sales part was better than trying to run the store and be a salesman at the same time, but someone's gotta do it.
Old Man Emu on my toyota is better than stock. It's only 2" lift on 31's though.   With big lifts i usually make them myself. The other toyota is sitting up on 38's with chevy springs in the rear and a custom pack up front. The front is too stiff, but the chevy engine is wicked heavy so what can ya do.
does it smell rich when it's warmed up?  I had the same problem and was getting waaay to much fuel through my weber. I jetted it down a bit, but lost too much power, so i went down in size on the accelerator jet too and back up on the mains.
Do you have any practical skills? because i made a killing as a handyman around there while i was in school. Too many college kids, not enough wrench turners and hammer chuckers.
yup. we use them atleast once a week on imported cars since i live by the canadian border. We don't do miles unknown cars, but if your odometer breaks, they can also reprogram a new odometer to the correct miles, and provide all the paperwork so its legal beagle.
this was less than a year ago. Fuck that company.
Built under the library at the college i went to there is a full copy of the houses of congress. Apparently they were the backups in case of nuclear war or some shit. Also steam tunnels that ran the heating for the whole college connected all the buildings. They had also built a new biology building, and converted the old one into more math classrooms. There was a museum of sorts in the basement full of stuffed critters, and a dinosaur skeleton. Nobody really ever went there, except me because it had a really nice bathroom, and well, nobody was every there.
Probably 60+. We did pigs, and have venison, and i fish a lot. So really, chicken since ours is for eggs, and the occasional beef purchase every couple months. But we ran out of our own bacon in short order, so we buy that every couple weeks.
Bend the shifter in an S curve. I used a TH350 on my chevota, and i had the opposite problem of it being really long. I had to put in bucket seats to the transfer case shifter would be accessible.
and in my experience, it usually is cyclical. Early summer is not as good as say tax time, or late summer, or the "fuck it snowed an inch once and i drive a minivan" rush.
You need an american truck. Ford and Chevy are my favorites. Some guys like dodges. But in the $20k and under bracket in western washington, the newer imports are out, and only recently have they come anywhere near american trucks in payload capacity.   The chevy will drive a little softer, so you might like that. The ford has a more planted feel. The dodge is like riding a split-rail fenceboard.   I sell trucks in Western WA, feel free to shoot me any questions you may have.  Also how tall are you/your wife? Do you have kids you will need to haul? Do you want a basic secondary vehicle or more of a do-it-all truck?   Finally, just get out and drive some. $20k will get you a decent used truck, nothing too crazy, but newer and lower miles.
No Problem. At 5'5" she's gonna have a bit of trouble reaching the pedals on most trucks. While you can put the seat all the way forward it isn't really safe to be that close to the airbag. Look for an extra cab in a lariat or SLT package. Adjustable pedals are going to be a good idea in case she needs to drive it. And an extra cab should fit everyone in a pinch since everyone should be out of car seats for the most parts and boosters will fit in the back.
If you ever have the pleasure of knowing someone who has turkeys as pets like my parents do, try gobbling at them. It's fucking hilarious.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9zvgcOrTtw
4 in the mag well, 4 on the sling, a half sleeve in my pocket so it doesn't clank around. I also carry a .22 pistol for shooting grouse while i ride my mountain bike out. Usually i keep a small box of .22 in the bike box, which is all wrapped up so as not to rattle.   Why can't you carry a .22 handgun? we can't hunt deer with one here, but since grouse is open at the same time and i have a rifle i've never had a problem.
Probably the reverse synchro getting worn, it is almost 15 years old. Just shift slower, don't wear it out or you'l need to have the transmission rebuilt.  My toyota has done this for as long as i've owned it. For some reason going 2nd to reverse is fine though.
We have a 1947 Chevy. Slant-6 and column shift stepside 2WD. Baby blue and cream. Sweet truck.
yup. I just changed my oil because it was 6 months old. I only did about 1600 miles, but it's either short trips because i live less than a half mile from work, or its towing or dirt road driving. Better safe than sorry. And an oil change is like $30.
Oak just reminds me of mobile homes and the 80's. Walnut, Maple, and Cherry are my go to's. I really want to work with Madrone too because we have a lot, but i also don't want to sharpen my blades every day.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/pgWPNs4.jpg) [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/AVMRprH.jpg)  Construction pics, but gives a general idea. The roost up above is not insulated, and the rafters are open under the metal roof for ventilation. Everything is closed in with hardware cloth. In the summer i leave all the vents and the sliding door above the ramp open. In the winter i block off all the vents but one half of one on each the upper and lower side with styrofoam board and close the ramp door at night. I use a heat lamp and they will lay year-round. Without one they quit laying in the cold months.
mine did the exact same thing down to the firing a tiny bit when you let off the key after i rebuilt the motor. It took me a hot minute to figure out the firing order was different. I also had a different hood on mine, so out of luck there. After that i label the spark plug wires every time.
yeah because i like hauling expensive toys laid over sideways with the tailgate down. That thing is barely in there.
It doesn't work very well in the cold, but i've used is successfully for temporary repairs before. However to resolder you would have to later clean it all up.
Well yeah, i personally assemble my own 64" chevy springs and weld new perches, but not everyone is that mechanically apt, and new springs and shocks all the way around is super cheap for those. I wouldn't ever block lift the front end. Shackles maybe, but i don't like to.
Strange, they used to just have a kiosk at the back of campus police (right across from the stadium at the time), and you would have to show that the magazine was removed, cock the weapon, and dry fire it into a sand filled tube they had next to the window. Then they would tag and store it for you. Also it was 24/7 so it was still convenient for hunting when i picked them up at 3 or 4 in the morning. You could open carry around from there to the truck without being hassled. They must have changed the rules if they are meeting people off campus.
Oh yeah, my BFG mud terrains are awful in the ice. Really awful. The all terrains were ok, but real snow tires are the shit, especially the new studless ones after a season or so.
Seems to be on the high end of normal. Put the truck in neutral with the e brake on and twist the driveline back and forth. If it is excessively sloppy (1/4 turn or more) then your rear end is on it's way out.   Mine has about 1/3 of a turn (really sloppy) in the rear end, and has for over 2 years. I'm waiting for it to blow, but it doesn't seem to want to.
