Hey I know a lot of the guys with XXX are really fast do they have a "older/fatter/slower" group...still like to ride but the truly competitive days are over?
Yep I worked for a lawyer and it took him 90 days.  In the winter it takes longer.
when I was 20 I used to work out at the same gym as this [monster](http://tnation.t-nation.com/free_online_forum/sports_body_training_performance_bodybuilding_strength/ed_coan_still_the_king) .  Granted I weighed 145lbs but yea I'm squatting 225 and he's pressing 315.
My buddy died a few weeks ago at 47.  He had a wife and two little girls.  He also had his first heart attack at 33.  We both  work/worked in a high stress environment where I don't move very much.  I don't want to join my friend.
I work for one of the largest IT companies in the world (for quite a while).  In my opinion I think we are seeing another "internet bubble" but this time more software focused.  The same crazy shit that was happen in the 90's with everything IT is going on with software development.  No product, just an idea, your company is wroth $20MM.  We'll see if I'm right.
You have a lot of balls in the air.  First regarding the gym.  Check out the linear progression program (there are several) it starts easy but you progress every time you you lift (for a beginner this can last for months).  Spend a little money and get a trainer to show you how to properly execute the lifts, I know they look simple but there is some technique involved.  The nice thing about lifting is the increased muscle mass will burn more calories so even if your diet is messed up you will go in the right direction.  Cardio, try to walk and hour a day even if it's broken into 15 minutes segments it's a plus.  You know to skip/cut back on beer, but hey you are in Germany -drink in moderation. Finish your damn dissertation!  Exercise has been shown to  improve motivation and concentration -use the boost you'll get to get you over the finish line with the PHD.  As far as the job, I understand completely I have the same type of job.  Of my 10 co-workers 5 have had heart attacks in the last 3 years and two have died.  My motivation is I don't want to join them, let that sink in because you sound like you are on the same path.  Good luck, don't start off too hard DOMS sucks and remember it will feel easier in a few weeks I promise.
I work at a huge IT company so I work with a lot of older 50s/60s engineers and these guys are a breed of their own.  I think the biggest thing is that they really like to tinker (break/screw around with) everything.  They like to take stuff apart and god help us if the read about something somewhere because they will try it out.  Same goes for my uncle PHD in aeronautical engineering, he's in his 80's but he's always tinkering with something, it could be anything from his home network to wrenching on cars to improving manufacturing processes (yeah he still works because he likes it)
Never trust your manager.  Don't get me wrong I've been friendly and have friends that were my manager but when it comes to work do not trust them with your livelihood.  It's very simple, once you get past the idealism of your 20's you realize you have a family to support (if only you), bills to pay and a house to keep over your head, when push comes to shove who do you choose you/your family or your boss/friend.  I can answer that question from the bosses side, he will choose him and his family -you need to do the same.
I'm in the tech field (20+ years), I'm hoping to squeeze out another 12-15 years.  It's a moving target, you will always be learning something new trying to remain relevant.  There is a lot of automation going on and so many IT departments are being collapsed into "the cloud" the job market will get tighter.  There seems to be a lot of work in development but a lot of that work is BS companies trying to be the next whatsapp.  I suggest dental school.
I get it, I really do I worked for minimum wage, give or take a dollar will I was 26.  But companies like Amazon and Uber are killing the job market and the few pennies you save could help create jobs (your job).  These companies are not about spreading the wealth so to speak, it's a known fact Uber doesn't want employees and Amazon, unless you are at the top, doesn't pay there people shit and work the crap out of them.  In my mind it's penny wise and pound foolish.  In my mind you need to keep your money local and buy from brick and mortars.
I think you need to be a little sport specific.  I'm a middle-distance/long sprinter and my training is very different than how a football player would train, everything I do is in a straight line (I'd probably blow out a knee if I made a hard cut).  You on the other hand are probably looking to be quick and agile on the field/court.  Try doing 20-40m sprints, walk back and do it again for 20 minutes three times a week.  You could also add running patterns.  The idea is to go as hard as you can until you start getting sloppy or feel pain.  Workouts should total out to ~500m to start and as you get into better shape increase it to maybe 1000m.  Remember you are looking for multiple short bursts of speed not to run a 5m mile so don't get caught up in running too damn far (if you ever sprint over 120m ask yourself why).  BTW, nothing wrong with warming up with a 1/2-1 mile run and the same goes for a cool down.
I have a similar background, this would be a great workout for a soccer(football) mid-fielder.  A mid-fielder has to be quick and agile but they also run their asses off so having endurance is important.
another problem is that people buy into the "American Dream" and what I mean by that is a big house in the burbs and two nice cars and a pool table and a cool bar in the basement and a fishing boat and on and on and on.  People by furniture by the week!  People pay 50K for a truck!  People think that a 3500sf house is too small for a family of 4.  It's all a game to get you to spend more than all your money and most people fall for it hook, line and sinker.  I felt deprived in my 20's because all the other techies I knew were driving cool cars and wearing nice watches (I spent my early 20's really poor so I couldn't be a spender and nobody would give me a CC anyway).  Now I look back and laugh at those guys because despite making good money for a long time most of them don't have much to show for it.
If I could have picked up my lovely 1878 Beverly Victorian and plopped it down somewhere on the northside I could have sold it for an easy $1MM, instead I was really happy to get $375K....location, location, location.  And speaking of Hyde Park, I know someone who picked up one of the mansions on 57th and Woodlawn for about 200K back in the 80's, god knows what it would go for now.
I did that for about a year, I worked the door and bartended depending on the night.  It was a good gig as I'd put a few hundred in my pocket every week so I never needed to take money out for spending money.  After a while it gets rough on the body, working a full day and then working till 2-3AM and then getting up the next morning to go to work.  Second service jobs don't believe in taking vacations so while my day job was cool with me going to Mexico for a week, the bar job bitches and moaned about it.    BTW, there is plenty of time to gt a hangover between 2:00am and when you actually leave.
I thought I was a fighter until I spent a couple of weeks in Thailand.  I'm 6'3" 200ish and I was getting my ass handed to me by these little Thai guys who couldn't have weighed more than 130.  Now I'm older and I don't want to fight anyone, even if you win it hurts too much.
Andersonville.  Rent, 2000 for a 3/1 in a OO two flat.  Utils, ~100 for NG and Elec.  Food (eating in) ~400 for two.  Closest El: Bryn Mawr 10min.  This is a great area and I think it's improving in many ways.  It's not a young vibe here like other areas of the city, this is more of the 30 and older crowd but there are lots of things to do and places to eat.  It's also in close proximity to the lake/bike/running path which in my book is a really big deal.  To be blunt Clark Street is a little expensive (with a few exceptions) everything's description starts with "upscale" which is nice some times but other times I really want a cheap beer and a good burger.  Broadway, on the other hand is where I can find said beer and burger, it's just not as nice as Clark St but it's improving every day and I hardly recognise it from 20 years ago when it was pretty much a waste land.  My only complaint is that it is getting popular with the stroller brigade so we are seeing the McMansions popping up and children showing up in bars.  I don't so much hate the McMansions as it's just a sign the area is getting pricey.
Doc was a stickler back in the day, only the special athletes could stray.  Indiana coaches are a whole were very old school, you didn't see long hair or stashes until the mid-90's after they all retired.
I lived downtown, right off of New York street and there were plenty of shootings.  BTW, I just check the [statistics] (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_United_States_cities_by_crime_rate_(2014)) and Indy had more crime er capita than Chicago in every single catagory and 50% more violent crime so they can go to hell.  And your city is ugly.
have things changed since I got my novice in 1980, I couldn't afford a rig back then so I kinda gave it up.
my Dad was at the first game at Lambeau field,said he scalped a ticket for $3.
I had friends working there that day, one was in one the internal gardens, he said the building shook.  I was there the day the opened up the airways, it was still smoking.  It was kinda crazy coming in from the shopping mall, you couldn't get in without 2 IDs (my boss used his Gocart drivers license).  That whole parking lot was empty except for the HumVees, the biological sniffers and of course the McDonalds truck. All the security guys were all freaked out and carrying mp5s (fingers on triggers), they were old and jittery - my buddy who was a bit of a gun nut kept trying to get a better look at their weapons and they kept getting more nervous and kept telling him to step away.  I was happy we got in without being shot.   It's very different now.  Edit -MP5 not MP3 ...it was a long day
I owned a apartment building that was affordable housing, Cook County doubled my property tax and my insurance was raised 80% in one year.  When we went to court we were told to raise the rents to cover the costs.  You can't have it both ways.
As a landlord I would.  Water damage is pretty serious and can cost thousands of dollars to repair.  I would assume that if my tenant called because their toilet was broken and I said I would have someone over to fix it ASAP (I'd probably follow up with an email) that notice had been given.  Good luck in court, you will likely lose.
They probably assumed that you calling them and they saying that they would fix it was notice.  Plumbing is something you don't dick around with and your LL is pretty stupid letting any plumbing issue go unfixed.  That being said your request got put on the the fix list and was handled in order.  I personally leave a business card so you know I was in your unit, but that's me.  I don't see dates but again I assume your LL felt your discussion was notice (since you called), probably not handled well but that's pretty common with large operations.
I worked for the IPO of 2001 and at one time they owed me over 20K in expense reimbursement. It was the same deal, I was told I needed to be somewhere Monday (I think it was Thursday) and I told them as soon as they paid me my money I'd be glad to go...that shit got straightened out quickly however.....  I was sitting on over 1MM in options that I couldn't sell for a year (Started in June).  In this time they worked the living shit out of me leaving Mondays @ 5:00am and getting home Fridays @ 11:00pm -my live in GF at the time was ready to throw me out.  Any way I couldn't quit with so much money on the line.  Come spring time the stock takes a dump and goes from $150+ to under $2, now I don't give a shit but I'd like to have a job.  Did I mention I had three layer of management above me with no reports, this explains why they were working the shit out of me, I had to support three expensive employees with my labor.  Anyway, I had been on the road for 10+ months and I was getting tired and I didn't have an assignment so I was hoping to be home the up coming week.  As per usual I turned off my phone at 5:00pm, that way I didn't have to answer any bullshit calls over the weekend (of get sent somewhere).  Monday morning I turn on my phone and one of my bosses left me a cheery message about how I needed to go to Detroit and get a corporate apartment because I'd be living there for the next 3-6 months.  I decided fuck it, I'm done.  I call the voice mail boss and get no answer, I call his boss -no answer and then I called level 3 boss - no answer.  Fuck it, I guess I'm going into the office today anyway.  I spend the next hour wiping my computer, so I could return it in the same way I received it.  I hopped in the car and drove to the office.  The bunny at the front desk asked if she could help me, I told her I doubt it and asked for my two lower level bosses -she squeaked something about them being out.  I said fine , explained that I was an employee and asked if she had a pair of scissors.  She gives me the scissors and I proceed to cut up my company credit card in front of her.  I then reach into my bag and give her my laptop and phone.  By now she's a little freaked out and way past her pay grade and runs off to find someone.  Another manager comes trucking down the hall yelling stop.  I knew the guy (didn't like him) so I waited.  He gave me some bullshit line about how important I was to the company and what did he need to do to make me stay -answer nothing.  I'm out the door.  Later that day all three managers called my on my home phone and asked if they were the reason I left, I told everyone of them yes they were. Here's the weird twist, I quit on Monday and on Friday they laid off 1/3 of the company, I have no idea why they'd want me to stay.
I loved Seville and Granada.  I was there in early December and I didn't need a jacket.  Both had some cool bars.  The food in both cities was great, lots of things to see.  Obviously Barcelona is a great town and there are some cool day trips, but I thought Seville and Granada had a cooler vibe. The only place I went to in Portugal was Lisbon and while I enjoyed it I liked Spain better, I want to give it another shot because it seems like a cool country and I didn't see much.
That was always his reputation even as a state legislator, he played  everything pretty much right down the middle.  In my opinion I think he did the same as a senator as well as a president (much to my disappointment)   I worked with Michelle at the law firm where she met Barak, she was pretty cool we both lived in the same neighborhood so we knew each other casually (I'd get a hello on the street and 1-2 minutes of chit chat at the office).  I met him a few times and he was nice and really sharp/ quick witted.  Years later long after I moved out of Hyde Park, he shows up on my porch asking for my vote and he remembered me (somewhat).  I also got a hello by name from Michelle at the last rally before the 2008 election -again considering I hadn't talked to either of them in a decade I was surprised/impressed.
I remember coming out of HS swim practice and my hair freezing during the walk from the building to my car. I remember pulling icicles off my head while I was waiting for my car to heat up.
we call that Iowa nice.
I was out on a ride when a truck full of rednecks passed me, the SOB slowed down so his kids could throw rocks at me from the truck bed.
I hate ti say it but just need to suck it up til you get your next job.    Being that you have IT experience, consider looking for a contract gig, there a lots of head hunter who could probably place you pretty quick.  The gig could put you on the path to a job at the contract or just hold you over till you find something better.  I've been in your position twice and the first time I walked away from the job and the second I stuck it out.  As shitty as it was sticking it out was a hell of alot easier than squeezing pennies. Last thing since you are leaving, don't kill yourself just put yourself on auto pilot until you can leave.
Let me add another story in the same vein.  A good friend of mine, a good gun toting, government hating, Texan went to work for another wiz bang start-up.  He had a wife and two girls under 10.  One night he was drinking beer in his garage with his friend and his drunk friend fell on him and broke his foot.  No problem he goes to the hospital and gets a cast.  Like most guys in IT he was carrying a few extra pounds, well over the course of  6 months after breaking his foot he loses 60 pound -yea him what a good turn out to a bad situation!  Fall comes and he has a stomach ache that just won't go away, like a lot of people he doesn't go to the DR unless he really has to, so he goes to the DR, bad new, that stomach ache is stage 4 colon cancer.   Call your company and tell them you have to quit because you will never work again.  My friend calls work and quits but COBRA's on to his health insurance.  Three days later he goes in for surgery and then spends the next 20+ days in a coma.  Thank god for COBRA.  But here is wear it gets hairy, the startup is running out of money and will probably go out of business.  If the start-up goes out of business the COBRA insurance goes away.  So here is my friend with a mountain of DR bills and more coming in every day and it's a race to see who will die first his start-up or him.  Luckily for his family he died first and didn't put his family in the poor house.  This is a guy who did everything right money wise but that really doesn't matter when things go wrong.  Single payer would have eliminated all this bullshit and I just don't get why we don't at least have that option.
It was different back then most of the big companies had picked up and moved to the suburbs.  I lived in the city and spent 1-2h driving to work because that's where the jobs were.  Companies wanted space for their campus, a building was no longer good enough and the boomers a moved away from the city because they had kids and that is what you did when you had kids.  Now the companies are dumping the campuses and moving into the city again because the Mills don't have cars and it's easier to get to.
I'm not that familiar with East Side, even though I grew up in the area and my neighbor was from there, I honestly always thought it was just part of Hammond.  I'm guessing it's like a lot of tight neighborhoods that are nice and safe but not a whole lot going on.  There hasn't been anything exciting in Hegewisch since the record store closed
Sure, my brother lived in Whiting for a while so I understand the appeal.  I think he paid 85K for a place two blocks from the lake.  Unfortunately was some big cancer clusters in the area due to all the industry so as nice as it was it wasn't a place to have a family.  I do miss the barter system though, a case of beer went a long way.
I wish I ha been as adventurous as you and did the overseas thing I just stuck around and did low wage, hard work kind of jobs during the day and bar-tending at night.  In the end those shitty jobs helped me out, I'm not afraid of busting my ass and I can talk to anyone.  My father refused to retire, he was a college administrator and when he retired from that he picked up 8 classes a semester split between 3 schools on top of being an alderman and doing all sorts of volunteer work.  He did that till he died, I don't think he would have known what to do with himself if he wasn't working all the time.
Hi I do work in the background, the way background (storage).  Helpdesk my not be the only entry level job in IT but I believe it is probably the best entry level job.  First you deal with a broad range of issue anything from help with a word document to fixing a printer queue.  It also teaches you two of the most important work skills for any job, customer service and communication.  For the most part all IT is customer service, if you can't keep the end user happy it really doesn't matter what's going on on the back end.  Second if you cannot effectively communicate with your customer/coworkers you will not go very far.  You say you have trouble communicating on the phone, I get this I really hate hate  hate hate hate the phone.  That being said I am currently on a 5 hour phone call.  It is something you really need to deal with as you will be spending a good deal of your time in meetings and on the phone, a lot of big shops you spend as much time in meetings as you do actually working and a lot of it is on the phone.  Lastly a lot of work today is remote so everything is done on the phone.  Get good at being on the phone it will help.
This is the right answer.  Ms USA is a beauty pageant while Ms America is a scholarship pageant.  I believe that Ms America also has a talent portion where Ms USA does not.  I knew a girl in college who was in the Ms America pipeline and as she described it, Ms America is for pretty girls who need to pay for grad school and Ms USA is for girls who look good in a bikini.
Wasn't that one of the issues?  Didn't Quinn want to keep the state income tax at 5% and Rahuner wanted to let it reset? I agree we need to pay our bills and that means higher taxes.  I'd prefer a proportional state tax but I don't think it could get passed.  Also as someone who lives in the city I would think something like a city/county tax in lieu of rasing the state tax (so every county would have a 1.5% tax instead of raising the state income tax) the result would be the same amount of money but it would stay local and that is good for the city.
Always say "I'm poor" even if you are really rich.  I go with, If I had all your money I'd give away mine...in other words none of your business.
it's the same bullshit about how you spend your money.  I get shit from my co-workers all the time because I like to travel.  I get "It must be nice....blah blah blah".  The thing is, we make the same amount of money, we just spend it differently.  A lot of them have new cars and buy all sorts of toys, I share a used car with my wife and my gym membership ($300/year) is really as crazy as I get.  I just don't really need/want anything, cars and toys just don't blow my hair back and what I want costs a shit ton of money so it's just not going to happen. So I spend my money to travel, but even that I do frugally using airline miles and hotel points, I can go to Thailand for a month for what many spend in a few days at Disney World.   I don't understand the animosity because you make different choices.
So as a swimmer you know not to swim in the fast lane unless you are fast and if I tap you on the feet, wait till I pass you at the end.  This is just common lap swim courtesy, I don't care if you are a granny doing a 4:00m length or Mark Spitz.  One of my pools doesn't put in lane lines so it's a free for all and people get hurt (I got my head cut open by someone with hand paddles, it wasn't intentional but it still hurt).  Everyone just needs to chill out a little bit, if it's that important join the masters.
see, now we can hold hands and sing kumbaya (as a 60's liberal I'm sure Bernie knows all the words)
Me too, I live across the street from a school. I can't wait to be 90, crazy, standing on my front lawn shaking my cane (4-pronger with tennis balls) and yelling during pickup and drop off.  I'll consider it my twice a day workout.
Yep we have a lot of snowbirds who winter in Florida and summer here, they claim Florida as their residence because of taxes but they still live here the majority of the year.
Only larger cities have decent train/bus systems, many small to mid-sized towns don't much public transportation available so people drive.  I live in a major city with very good public transportation for the US but depending on where you live it can take hours to get somewhere it could take 20 minutes to drive- for example if I want to go to the airport I can take the bus and it will take 60-70 minutes or I can drive and it will take 20-25 minutes.  In addition about 50% of our population don't live in cities so they have to drive, they could bike but it's impractical especially in areas where we have bad weather like snow and cold.  Finally it's part of our culture, we love our cars.
The day I started they laid off 15K and then I didn't hear from my boss for 2 weeks, I was sure I was fired and they just forgot they hired me.
it was down voted because there are so many Chicagoan's on this board that moved here right after college, will get married here have 1.5 kids and then run home to which every fucking satellite state they are from (Michigan, Iowa, Indiana and Wisconsin) and then tell all their friends on the cul de sac about how they lived in Chicago.  Honestly they are long term tourists, they know in their hearts they won't live here long and will move back to their small town/burb as soon as "what about the schools" becomes part of their vocabulary.  They should just embrace it and ditch the I live in the city attitude.  We won't miss them when they leave because as soon as one leaves another doe eyed kid from Cedar Rapids replaces them.
Reconsider living in Lincoln park, it's really expensive, you can live a lot of other places that are less expensive.  You can live pretty well if you have a roommate or two.  If you can avoid having a car you will save a ton of money and as long as you live along the EL you won't need a car.
