Lol yes. I use swype on my phone and it sometimes ridiculous to see how it switches up my context
I used to be black. But its not all that. So i became hispanic, now i make all the ladies panic
I hate telling people this, but it's just not that cool to be black anymore, I'm much happier being brown  Source: Was black, decided to go back
That's awesome!!! In a year? so you will be employed in a year or you have been doing this for a year?  That's really great though! I have this obsession with pretty websites and its making me want to code, I just need to find a starting base. If you don't mind me asking, how much is your pay now compared to other jobs/careers you've had?
Care to share? I always love hearing about people who enjoy what they do!  Share yours and ill share mine!
That YouTube money's starting to come in. New apartment in less than 6 months
Yeah if i get it it wont be a car ill sell anytime soon! Not at all, I'm planning on keeping it until i cant drive anymore. I slept on the thought. And now I'm still thinking about buying it.
I actually ust started learning yesterday too, i mean i got pretty good at a short amount of time though and didnt alternate between feet, i just kept them together and jumped using my calves and butt and the front bottom part of my foot.  Since im new i did this.  Jumped 25 times until i felt like i got it right. then jumped to 50 in a row. then 100. then 150. then i went down from there and it took me about an hour or so, so say:  warmed up with a typical stretch  then 25 jumps with about 20 second rest in between, did this for about 10 minutes  then jumped up to 50 jumps with again about a twenty second rest for about 15 minutes  then jumped up to 100 jumps in a row with about 30 second rest for about 15 minutes  then jumped to 150 jumps with 30 second rest inbetween each. did that for the rest of the time until iwas super tired so i did that for about 20-25 minutes  then i cooled down by doing 100 twice, then 50 three times, then 25 four times each with their respected wait times.  just do about an hour and jump when you can but make sure you jumpo everytime to where your calves hurt
How about i send you the craiglsit post? ill pm you and then ill pm the guys over at supra forums, i need to make this decision like today!
Toyota Supra Turb  http://losangeles.craigslist.org/lac/cto/5038467635.html  As much as it hurts to do this it's time to move on and sell one of my Supra's. I'll break down the history of the vehicle before going into full detail. I purchased this car from another supra member 3 years ago. The vehicle drives straight even w/ [...]
Thanks this actually makes me feel a bit better. It was just such a bargain of a deal is all...
Weird. Ive driven my fair share as well. Always thought that at high speed its always best to not brake so hard, first to let off for a bit then brake when you get down at lower speed, but again I have personally never taken any car past say 130mph...hmm the more you know thanks!
23 here. living at home
Do you do the late night blinking thing to keep your eyes watery?  My friends know its about 8pm at night when i start blinking vigorously. They all say "Oh hey guys hes at it again! Its about 8 o'clock right now"
AGH! THIS! Was actually kayaking this past saturday and our kayak flipped, first thing before i remembered that i shouldt breathe underwater is to not open my eyes. It was horrible. Kayaking was fun though, saw a bunch of seals with their babies, cute little guys
I cant wait until i have my first turbo car for that sound!!! I was smiling o BIG for these guys!!!! Im so happy for them!
Really? Damn, them mark ups! I myself am looking at red gtrs.
Thank you so much
Wanna coach me? Lol
Thats not a good way to think. Id much rather spend on a nice car than a huge house. Some people dont need mansions. Theyre fine living in average sized homes. That way theyre both not a target and they seem normal but secretly have huge numbers in their bank account. Thats my plan at least. Live in a nice small house. Have nice cars and travel.
You won't. Ive tried plenty of times. Unless you're in the rain.
So did i, i once turned a little too hard on a green light while it was raining and i hydroplaned through the curb, jumped it, and hit a fence and broke my rim. If i wasnt driving wreckless nothing would've happened though. I intentionally wanted my car to slide. I dun goofed pretty hard that day
Thats actually a good idea. Even vipers and c7's and gtrs are relatively inexpensive to own so i think that would be top tier for sure.  But i like the idea of giving someone their dream car. Say an fd rx7 or an old supra, older gtrs or things like that. Would be nice to have that you know.
Which is why it should be marketed and charged from the start. If i had something already automated it would be better. But for me to personally give and go out of my way to give? Yeah thats not gonna happen
Sure ill pm it to you
That's our homework for this weekend. To make a tagline for her.  We also say down and talked about what her specific  root would be, she hasnt decided yet but were working on it.   We're also going to work on SEO a lot! Thanks for that were going to go through the guide and implement it!  Thank you! She is very pretty! And will definitely take all those picture settings advice with great forward Ness and try eveything you said.  And that last part i seem to be a bit misunderstanding, you say "go there and get their attention!" How? Strictly by posting or directly emailing people or having direct contact with them?  Also how would we put ads on her blog? You linked a couple websites on this post and we have yet to look at them! And i saw her view count and she gets roughly 500 views/month! Anyway you know how to get those numbers up with some other methods?
Definitely taking this advice and going out and buying a scale today. 1k deficit? Geez thats gonna be hard lol but ill stick to 2 pounds/week that sounds healthy/reasonable   Currently doing PPL, three days lift, two days cardio and sometimes hiking during the weekend.  Hopefully eating less helps me get down by a lot
Aren't all thr bmw z cars nicknamed the clownshoe? Sorry thats what ive heard them be called but no it was a z4. All white hard top convertible completely stock and one of the best downshifting cars ive ever heard. Was an 11' model i think
Haha yeah sorry about that! I use swype on my phone sometimes and if that doesnt mess up my grammar my auto-correct does
Orange county or the LA area. I remember linking a couple z06's a weeks back here on r/cars. I'd see if i can find them again but theyre way back in my comments..
That was my fault then, i had a couple zo6's saved on my favorites from my craigslist app and i just chose the first one and didnt read the description. Ill see if i can find another
Lol no, I'm wayyy to the west in california
I don't. I just need to keep impressing the one girl i already have.
If you look at my other comment you see me say the same thing about adsense lol  Private or networked advertisers? How does one go about finding that or affiliates? Ill definitely look it up!    Whats your service? Whats slogging? And my gf likes posting and traveling and has a bachelors in fashion so i doubt shell get tired of what shes doing anytime soon.
Thanks for thr feedback and thanks for the luck! Were hoping thetr will be
Don't have a coach
Lol my gf calls chipotlr chipootle. I finally know what she means aha  No fucking way thats real. Your dad must've dropped a nuke
Ill work on it
Lol ive never yanked it while dehydrated. I kinda want to but i kinda don't
Essentially the only friends i have are from high school. 3 guys, theyre all gay.
The very first workout i ever did for p90x was amazing. Amd still use a customized routine that works great. Freeletics doesn't seem like it'll last the sands of time
I like you. Teach my parents how to Internet...theyre...theyre just horrible.
Just checked myfitness pal. 1g protein my bad it was a rrally hard estimate from the top of my head  So my goal should be mostly protein intake then worry about calories or get all my protein in first then worry about the rest calories to eat right?
Lol aw bummer. Was expecting you to have some sort of nanosuit. Likewise though, pretty boring myself and dont spend much, last time i bought clothes was like a year ago. Im known to wear the same thing a couple days in a row...as someone whos going to be in sonography soon i too hope to have the same money fortune as you.
She is worth marrying. Shed be happy with an onion ring or a ring pop from me. But BECAUSE shes like that id like to go out of my way and get her something because i love her and because shes very much worth it.  Shes never insisted on a diamond, i just thought itd be nice for her to have something nice from me now that ill be able to afford it.  I usually hear 3 months salary but i dont know how right that is
Can confirm. Im 6'2. Gf's like under 5 ft
Haha as fun as being gay would seem with their partys, and promescuity and flamboyant nature. I just cant pass up my wife lol
That's great to hear im looking to buy/or look for foreclosed homes in the laguna beach/Huntington/newport area in orange county,c.a... i want to buy a foreclosed home for my price range that will eventually go up in price. But i need to do a lot of research on homes first
Me either, id drop any car for a new supra. Especially one that competes with the new mustang gt
Reddit acts like you cant daily 500hp, yes you can and it is not hard at all. When you start nearing over 700hp thats when you have problems but anything 650hp and lower really is not that bad for a daily driver. Ive driven 500hp+ cars countless times and trust me they are more than manageable
