I didn't really discover edm music that I liked until I was nearly 30. I can't fathom the idea of going to a club/show/festival. I can't imagine being that guy with a bald spot trying to spit game to 18-24 yr old girls. And I can't imagine getting into recreational drugs I've never used before with a full time job and other time sensitive responsibilities.   Still love edm, I'll just enjoy if from the periphery.
&gt; dota2.vpgame.com   Well that certainly makes a difference! Thanks. I'm very new to betting. So new, most of my bets have been for mere tens of pennies. I've only used D2L so far, but might give vpgame a try.  Thanks!
Sheesh, I just can't get into cosmetics like others can...I'm just too cheap. Sure, I have expendable funds, but I can't justify spending large sums on digital items, or literally anything digital. I did "splurge" on the lvl 50 compendium...but even that I was hesitant "Is this a good value? Will I regret this purchase? Is it worth it?" questions run through my head before every purchase, especially "frivolous" ones like hats. To this day my total expenditure on Dota 2 is less than $50. Thanks for subsidizing my play, big hat spenders!
This is true, and in many ways a convenience...but internet speeds and other applications really haven't caught up to make it that accessible.  I mean, I still can't email an attachment larger than 20 mb at work through outlook. To download my entire library of one genre of EDM music would take me hours at the 15-35 MB/s speeds available in my area.  If we want everything on the cloud, we need some big fucking pipes, and we need them everywhere.
Yeah! It used to take me 15-30 minutes for a single Limp Bizkit song on Napster! I did it all for the nookie!
One thing is for sure, advertisers now love using trap tracks on their commercials. From shoes to beer to cars to energy drinks. The more generic the better.   I probably notice a new commercial featuring trap once a week.
I'm new to this whole betting thing and I'm trying to learn as fast as possible. Right now I'm 18-12. Although I have more wins, I've lost more in value and in items than I have won.   Basically, it came down to betting too many items and sometimes too much value on matches that just didn't turn out.   In trying to learn some general rule of thumbs from my observations. If anyone could verify these or add their own that would be really helpful:  - bet small on big underdogs in best of ones. The classic "yolo bet." The payout is usually pretty good for the relatively small risk.   - in a best of 3, bet the stronger team. This doesn't always mean the favored team. Which team has been drafting really well? Which team has a good understanding of the meta? Which team has been facing and/or beating top teams or teams above their usual bracket? This implies your able to watch some of the matches, or at least follow the drafts/outcomes online.   - follow news and updates on teams. Who has standins? Who needs to win more, such as for placement matches or lower division. Follow gosugamers rankings and see recent matches. This is probably the hardest and most time consuming part.   These ideas only scratch the surface on the complexity of betting. I hope to learn more and get better. I'm $3 in the hole right now despite being 18-12!
GSW was a clear, clear favorite IMO. Teams play completely different when they are in must win situations. GSW also played poorly the game prior and hadn't lost 3 in a row since 2013. A bounce back was not only likely, it was expected.  I was shocked originally to see Cleveland was the favorite. So many bugattis lost on Cleveland. Wish I placed a bet but I don't have an account with vp games yet.
Another thing to consider is that Cleveland has been basically playing 6 players. That's almost 40 minutes a night per player. GSW were playing 10 players in their rotation. It was bound to happen that Cleveland's players would suffer from fatigue. They get 2 days off tho so game 5 is now tricky to predict. I'd have a small bet on GS, but only because of home court.   I wish I knew as much, and felt as confident about my projections with the dota as I do with the nba.
Very nice streak there. What sort of resources do you typically use to help make your decisions? I've been hitting only about 50/50 lately. Typically try to use gosugamers for past match ups. The comments on d2l discussion seem to be rather dishonest and deceptive too.
And add an app for the PS3! I desperately desire one.
Yeah I upped my bet for Burden from .06 to .17. Yeah high roller :)
More like buyout of Ezuri, Renegade Leader. I had a small investment in it (12x copies) and they were flipped for a tidy profit. Who knows, I could have waited a bit longer and gotten more for them.  While Ezuri is the win condition, I went deeper on Elvish Archdruid. It has a ton of printings, but is in every iteration of elves deck, while Ezuri is more the hot commodity.
Meh, maybe I'm not a majority, but I am loud about my disdain for preorders. I've never preordered any game and the last game I paid full price for (50-60) was probably GTAIV like 7 years ago.
I put my money where my mouth is...in that it never leaves my mouth. I can't speak for the "flip floppers" you describe, but I've *never* preordered a game. Sure, I've gone to midnight releases a couple of times (last one was Starcraft 2) but each time I simply stood at the end of the preorder line, and bought a copy. Never has a store run out of a new game I was interested in.
&gt; It just takes time   Thats the rub...my time is spent doing more productive/required things these days. Gaming for me is for winding down my evening, after I've had to meet my other responsibilities.  Growing up can suck, your priorities sure change. Time is more precious than money.
Went 6-1 today, only loss was Secret v alliance which was just a value bet. Went super low on it. Went big on VG vs Fnatic and big on Vega v PR, and rode the VP hype.   My best weekend ever, I've only been at it for 3 weeks. I can actually bet a couple dollars now :)  http://i.imgur.com/ow9QHGq.jpg
Wow, we pretty much have the same picks, the same wagers, and the same justifications. Good luck to us both!
Question for you, since you were betting around the time of TI4, I certainly was not.  Did the "experts" here forsee Newbee doing what they did? They seemed to come out of no where and just beat everyone. EG had a lot of hype around them but did just OK. Navi were also fan favorites but didn't make it far. I imagine a lot of people lost a lot betting against Newbee.
Interesting, I'll have to do that.  I had the advantage (?) of being at TI last year, but I wasn't into betting then. My group of friends started to see how well Newbee was playing and totally picked them to take the finals when it was down to the last two teams. We initially didn't forsee them getting there, but once they were there it looked like a lock.  I'll be at TI5 this year, and I plan to place bets with my phone, so I'll have to have a bunch of items on my profile set to bid. Hoping it will advantage me again, if it even does, lol.
Ha, story time:  Last year my friend wanted to buy 2x of those mini demi-hero figurines. One for him, and one for his friend who wasnt at TI. He stands in line all day and buys 1x slark and 1x doom. He opens them up to check them out and they are both gold. Gold? That's weird. Later we find out that Gold is a super-rare version of the regular one, and the in-game item is also gold! I do a quick ebay search and these things are going for $300!  Wow, so the next day, he buys two more. Hes thinking, keep the two regular ones I'm about to buy, and sell the gold ones from yesterday. He gets two more...opens them up, and they are also gold! 4x demiheros purchased, 4x gold.  He gets in line again towards the end of the day, almost no line, and buys 2x more because he wants the colored versions. Opens them up, 1 regular slark and another gold doom!. Jumps in line again and buys *another* doom and finally gets a regular one.  He couldn't take all this back with him on the flight, but I did for him. 7 demiheros, 5 gold. I sold all the golden troves and gold figures for him on ebay. After ebay fees and my own "sellers cut" he netted $1200 from sales.   In short, TI was awesome :)
Very small is relative. My very small is $0.15 :)
I *loved* those sunchips bags, mainly because I would annoy my girlfriend. In Target, I would ask her a question, and as she answered, ruffled a couple of bags of chips, completely tuning her out and her losing her own train of thought they were so loud.  I even hid two bags behind the other bags once I heard they were discontinuing the packaging. Got a couple more ruffles out of them, but I miss those bags :(
Great tips. Similar experience for me. I started with mostly .05 items and got lucky early on an underdog. Don't make mistakes like, betting on every match, you'll quickly find you are running out of items.  Also, as MarSirius said, it is not uncommon to bet on a match and get zero items won, because your wager wasn't big enough. I've seen this up to 0.10 not getting any returns. It sucks because your winrate % might be 60+ percent, but you are down items, or down in value because your losses hurt more than your winnings helped.  Find a "safe" bet and go big. I started with those .05 commons and now have many .50 .40 and .30 items that I can bet. I'm still a small better but have invest zero dollars of real money into betting. Good luck!
Yeah, I think vega is a strong team for sure. I didn't really do a whole match by match listing of what I plan to bet, primarily because I want to read/research more. But I'll probably go medium on vega.
Yeah, I'm 0-2 for the morning. I've got a small bankroll so I've lost 0.60 so far. I have to win my remaining 4x games just to get back what I lost. Tough day.
I got a feeling I will be abstaining from any match PR is in.
At least you got returns. My bet was only big enough for 0.12, so I *wanted* trash. Instead I got nothing.
yes, my whole $1.25 bugatti :)
Good points.  Just a couple days ago I commented that Legion Loyalist was a good pickup for anyone speculating on Goblin Rabblemaster post rotation. It is pretty much *the* de-facto 1-drop goblin. I wish I had listened to my own advice and bought some before this spoiler.  Oh well.
[Today was a good day.](http://i.imgur.com/rNSz5EW.jpg)  Makes up for a slightly disappointing yesterday. I almost switched my bet from 4Anchors to Hellraisers, but I kept it as is. My first *perfect* day.
Wow. I can't imagine the pressure and awkwardness I would feel being approached by women suddenly and unexpectedly.  Imagine just sitting at the bar at the hotel with a friend. You're 6'6, young, wearing your suite from draft night, and random women approach you...that sort of attention usually only happens at strip clubs.  Although when you think about it, the difference is just money up front or money after.
Nice! Yeah I had a small bet on MY as well. I knew it would be much closer than the match was projected. Everything I lost on VG I gained back from MY.   Although to be honest, my payout was supposed to be 1.40 from MY and instead I got 1.05. I'm a little salty.
Yeah I have no idea. Thought they were leading 35-20 in kills. Crazy. What they say is right, never bet for them when they are favored.   Won the Vega match. So now I need 4CL to pull it out, which it looks like they are doing well.
Just be aware that the military does have it's risk of deployment.  My friend joined the Air Force out of high school and has had to relocate his family twice (wife + 2 kids), resulting in them going from Northern CA, to Oaklahoma :(  In addition, he was recently deployed overseas in Europe. He isn't near any combat by any means, but he's still thousands of miles from his family, and not by choice.  The military is a great option for many, and they do provide some great family benefits, but it does have it's risks.
Thanks for the tip. I've actually been bringing some of the intersections I've downloaded from the workshop into the asset editor and making them 5-6 lane intersections. I'll have to test it out still to see if it works.
Thanks for the comments. Really, I just took some existing Intersections that I had downloaded at one point and modified them to support 6 lane expressways. I'm not sure how realistic it may or may not be. The AI seems to work out traffic fairly well, but if one is seeking a more realistic intersection that one may not be for them.
No problem! TBH, I'm still pretty new to the game, and these are the first things I've ever built on in the asset editor. Thank you for the correction!
I know what you mean. I can hit 120k pretty easily in just 9 tiles. I'm afraid to see what I could do with 25.
My mom "son, can you look at my computer? It's so slow these days!"  "Mom, your computer is 9 years old and is sill running windows vista. It's slow."  "Just look at it please!"  Usually it's just her internet connection that is spotty, but for her, that's reason to blame the computer.
I really don't know, as I haven't experienced any issues personally.  Just make sure you have set up everything correctly. Make sure the app is set to "confirm by mobile" and not via email."  Make sure your phone is linked to the same account as the account you are linking to on the betting site.  Maybe try updating your steam trade ID. Other than that, I wouldn't know what is wrong unless there is some sort of trade restriction on your account. I've been able to bet on vpgame, d2l and nxt no problem.
Have you downloaded the Steam Mobile app?  Have you linked your account with the Steam Mobile app?  Have you established that all trades and confirmed via the app and not via email?  With those things done, you should have no problem. Or at least that is all I had to do.
I suppose my experience may have been an exemption. I had an issue with my Comcast receiver. Mind you, I'm relatively technically proficient and have a couple years experience in home theatre as well. I've set up my entire house before without so much as s call to activate.  But for this new box I was stuck. 1 box worked, but the other didn't. I troubleshot the faulty box. Doesn't work on this connection, doesn't work on that connection, but got a different error message. Tried the working box on the other connection and it still works. So, something is wrong with the box.  Of course, it's 11 pm and Comcast phone help is down. I decide to give their internet support a shot. I describe how the Master box is working, but the Slave isn't. I provide them the model numbers and wait while they try to figure it out.  A few minutes later a get a response stating that the Slave box I received is not compatible with the master box and that I need this other specific model. For once I felt like "yes, this person understood both me, and my issue."  I go back to Comcast with the bum box and a print out of the conversation and the employee shrugs his shoulders and says "well, I can get you that other box, but this one should work."  I'll have the other box please.   Lo and behold it set up automatically and has been working just fine.
If it helps you any, I lost 10% of my inventory with liquid losing to wings. Wtf liquid.  This is what I get for betting on matches then going to sleep. And for betting big on BO1s.
This card was basically my 39th or 40th card but it always did work for me: elemental uprising. Every time I casted it, it took my opponent by surprise.   Was basically removal for me on turn 3, and in two occasions let me swing for bonus damage or to force a block that secured me the win.   Super surprised I went 4-0 at prerelease, but pulling a Nissa and an Endbringer helps: http://tappedout.net/mtg-decks/otw-prerlease-11716/
Yeah, no. Over 1000 PWE shipped with top loaders. Never a problem.   No one is scrutinizing your envelopes so long as they are normal size. They simply get stacked with the other thousands of envelopes and processed by a machine.  They won't get stuck so long as your top loader isn't too thick and isn't stuck in one side of the envelope. I always tape the top loader to the folded invoice before placing it in the envelope.
With over 700 eBay feedback and a 100% feedback rating, I've never been notified by a buyer either by message or feedback that they were required to pay more postage. In fact, I spent $5 sending nearly a dozen sample envelopes with different packaging configurations to a friend 3000 miles away, and every one was received with no problem.  I'm not just a seller, but also a buyer. There have been times a seller on TCG will send 20 cards in a single envelope. Those are the envelopes that have been damaged.  Some vendors are shitty and send too many cards per envelope, but to say that a PWE isn't sufficient to send a single card is simply ridiculous.
Yeah I had the top 5 worst spread across my 3 leagues. Ugh.
Grats! I only went $3.50 cause that's my budget :)
Nope. IRT will deactivate your saclink account some 30-90 days after you graduate. I've heard of it taking longer but that's usually when they don't deactivate them on time mistakenly.   So if you want to print unofficial transcripts, or retrieve files from your U:drive, you'll want to do so before you graduate or very quickly after.
