&gt;Why?   Because things change.  I'm not opposed to monogamy just not so into marriage. I'm a 49F (also childfree) currently in a 10yr monogamous LTR, I have also been in a 6yr LTR and a 3yr. I prefer to keep finances separate from my SO, I always have so if/when the breakup happens it makes for easy splitting.  I've had several reasons in the past for no marriage, but it mostly comes down to 'things change' and there's no reason to make things more complicated then they need to be.   just fyi, this sub isn't very active so don't expect too many responses here.
oh my, if I were in the same room with her I would turn into a blithering fool.
ya, I tried turning it it's just not working out for me. thanks though.
&gt;To me when people say I dont act black or am white  Hopefully these were children that were/are saying these things to you and as you head into the adult world you will leave much of this behind.  I unfortunately don't have much advice other than to seek out educated and well rounded folks that appreciate you for you and not a skin color or stereotype that you don't seem to fill for them.   Also maybe a visit to  /r/blackfellas and /r/racism with this could give you some good input.
On the dance floor, at a party, at a music festival, at a former job.
We eat 3-4 whole eggs cooked different ways in about 2-3teaspoons of butter with a large side of sauteed greens (kales,arugula, spinach, bok choy) using a tablespoon (or more) of coconut oil.  This is our standard and has been for a few years, virtually no carbs, plenty of healthy fats and we don't get hungry for at least 4hrs.
Isn't 123 a bit underweight for someone 5'9''?  I'm 5'5'' and that's a low end on charts for me.
&gt; homeless in a Siberian winter.  Yep, I never have and I never will. Me and the type of person that wants an HOA are destined to never get along.
I remember back 20yrs ago when we would go to Landmark because it was good.
My short experience with snakes has been two rescues one of which was neglected, ill-fed, and never handled in 8yrs. This one, an albino King, came to me emaciated, scared and very bitey (bit me several times two not letting go for over 20min).  Now after 4mon she has doubled in size, is calm, likes to be held and is very curious.  My second I've just gotten a few days ago is a 2y/o Ball who was given up because of being nervous and bitey as well.  This one seems a breeze compared to the King, gives plenty of warning when it's not the right time to handle, defensive postures, hissing, and tail rattle.  Balls are very docile in general and most people say getting the right environment with proper heat and food will do much to calm down most any of them.  There are plenty of 'used' snakes out there being passed on because of other circumstances besides temperament; people moving, family members don't like them, too much work, not what they expected.  It's pretty easy to find a snake with a full set up for less than half what it would be in a store.  There are health concerns you would want to be aware of so do some research.  I think I've been lucky with mine that they haven't ended up with any issues especially since they were free.
I'm on here more than most people, been here for several years yet have not seen this until today. Go figure.
Used to love HT when we had them here in ATL. They've all closed long ago unfortunately.
&gt; can go two weeks without cleaning  Some of us just don't think it's that important to do more often than that. My tub definitely doesn't need cleaning every two weeks, maybe every couple of months unless I'm going to take a bath sooner then I will clean it.
How the fuck does someone have the patients (or time for that matter) to put each fucking utensil in the washer separately?? My BIL has a dishwasher like this and I've tried to load and just given up on the silverware. Fuck that fiddly shit. Mine get completely clean every time with the old fashioned silverware caddy.
I would need some help with the fridge.
I was fired from the worst, most soul sucking job on the planet and given the opportunity to get my mental and physical health in order and I have been doing just that.
Taupe checking in.
&gt; coworkers, or boss  Yes, it was systemic in this place. Just a pervasive sickness from the top down, it cultivated a paranoia that lived and breathed. It was disgusting.
&gt; confederate flag stands for racism   Well good sir or madame, I have yet to see someone flying a rebel flag that wasn't racist, I'm sure it's just a strange coincidence though.    source: resident of GA for the last 25yrs.
As a strawberry eater, those do not look ripe.
&gt;  these are national companies  There are local companies that are new or smaller and cater to specific states but your coverage would be nationwide, I know these exist for auto ins. but not sure about RV. Do some research on states with more permissive insurance laws, the more lenient the more likely you will find what you need. Since all you are looking for is liability your chances would be better at finding someone that will bend their own rules to get your business.  Smaller companies that are looking for business will be more willing to bend rules to get a new client.  I've just obtained liability for my car doing just this, my broker found a company that is charging half what my former one did. They are a small no-name company from out of state that doesn't have nearly the criteria that the big ones do.
&gt; post climax self-loathing  I don't know what kind of victorian, sex- negative world you came from but my post climax is nothing but rainbows and happiness.
Dry shampoo can extend this for several more days if you are so inclined.  I make a mixture of cornstarch, baking soda, cocoa, and cinnamon (use the cocoa to make the mixture darker for my dark hair).
Have you looked up the dosage for it? Its quite a bit higher than '2pills'. Most things I've read put it in a much higher range (1-2kmg) in addition to multiple times per day. There is a destinct relaxing effect so that isn't surprising and for me this is why I take it. I also noticed a large increase in libido which dropped off pretty quickly after the fist two months. I haven't bothered to increase my dose since this isn't my primary reason for taking it.
&gt; Also, are temps, humidity correct?  I think so, its right at 80 and there is a large bowl of water to generate moisture also we are in GA so there's plenty of natural humidity, I don't have a humidity gauge yet.     &gt;two hides  yes but I'm not sure s/he like the cage set up nor one of the hides, I'm going to work with it a bit but I'm apprehensive to cause more disruption just yet.
lovely movie, I've seen three times so far and each one I've seen it from a different perspective.
&gt;a few hundred dollars  You seem to be forgetting the amount of labor you have put in as well. If you were to have hired someone to do this it would have been a couple of thousand or more when everything was done. Yes you should go after every dime and maybe a bit more.   I've purchased 6 houses over the years and have never encountered anything left in the houses at all. I or my realtor did a walk through a day or two before closing to make sure everything was ok, which you should have done as well, Did you have a realtor working on this or was it a fsbo? If you did have a realtor they definitely should have advised you to do a walk through and if it wasn't up to par then you don't go to closing until it is or you make a deal for them to pay for it.
People are idiots. Where I am I would say about 10% of the bang noises tonight were gun shots.   source: I shoot guns.
awesome, I spent ages 14-29 binge drinking.
I have a mediteranian cafe that has a grocery in the back and they have some decent oils from Turkey and Armenia. The first time I tried one I was amazed at how much flavor it had, I had never taste olive oil like it before. I will take a guess that  I might not have ever had the real stuff before that.
This is simply impossible where I live, 90degrees with 90% humidity and you are sweating the second you walk out of the house let alone with any movement or exercise you might make.
OP, I'm twitching with your allowing the cat on the kitchen counter. Those paws have been in poop.
One of the smokiest places on the planet, be prepared to have your clothes thoroughly cleaned after visiting. Last time I was there I couldn't last more than 10min before I had to leave.
I'm not really the person your question is targeting but I'll throw in my 2 cents anyway.   I regret not sleeping around more as a sober person, I did an ass load of fucking when I was drunk and it was terrible really. I would love to go back and be educated, self aware, and sexually liberated, pretty much none of the things I was at the time.  I was sleeping around for many wrong reasons and I would love to go back and do it in a healthy way to learn about my sexuality as an aspect of who I am not use it as a rebellion, diversion, or a false sense of control.
I have the same problem, we've had more rain this year than ever (really is the wettest year on record). I have an old non-working window unit that I'm thinking of replacing with an exhaust fan. As it is I've had to leave the doors open and run a big fan for ventilation, it helps but everything is gross again when I close it up. I definitely need a better solution.
He would take her in the bathroom or bedroom to do it if someone else was there. If she came home and went directly to the bathroom he would follow her so he could check before she had a chance to wash up.
&gt; the divorce was a cruel abandonment.  Welp, from all accounts of her friends this was exactly what it was, most of her friends at the time say that she told a very different story than their being 'friends'. I did quite a bit of reading on this topic back when he was running because I was seriously thinking about voting for him before palin. That nice sanitized story of it being amicable and them remaining friends is a bunch of canned pap for the press and her doing him a serious solid for his career by not outing the dirty details. She is a stand-up gal in ways he will never be.
Live in the city or burbs and literally never take your vehicle off the pavement but yet need to haul things on a very regular basis. And live in a climate with no snow and less that once a year freezing.   source: 2wd truck owner for 20yrs.
Oh shit, c'mon and ride it, this brings me back. I worked in a club and this was played *all* the time, I actually have many good memories from then.
That I can't lift the other end of the goddamned couch.
I'm not a fan but she's no hack. She's has a specific act that makes sense, is consistent, jokes that work with one another and weave back and forth throughout her routine, she has all the elements that many accomplished comics possess so I don't think hack is in any way the right word here. All that being said she has never once elicited so much as a chuckle from me.
Those fuckers are worse than the salesmen on the shittiest buy here/pay here used car lot with the auction reject cars.  They prey on people who are trapped with grief and use this to get them to buy 'the best' for their loved ones. They are disgusting in every way imaginable. Fuck them.   source; dealt with some funeral people on many occasions.
Totally depends on how much you will use the tool. I've never had a tool break aside from a couple from the dollar store. If you are a casual user then it your big box store tools might last a couple of lifetimes or more. Personally if I know I won't be using a tool very often I'm won't spend top of the line prices for 'the best'.
Yep coming on 10yrs myself. It's much easier to focus on what I can have than what I can't, granted it's a bit more difficult in a resturant but when I have the option to choose where we go I always look for somewhere GF friendly since it makes things much easier. I'm finding lately places are marking their GF options or providing a seperate GF menu entirely. This saves so much time for everone involved, I don't even need to look at the things I can't have so there's less opportunity for any sense of missing out.
I have one exactly like him/her. Taken in as a very mistreated rescue and he's now a healthy and happy little (big) guy.
Seems there are two volunteers but if you two don't work it out I have a garage they can hang out in for a few days. I have a cat already and can't risk him contracting any diseases.
I didn't see Inside Man but Summer of Sam was incredible afaic, really hit home with the vigilante mentality. Too bad he seemed to have forgotten about that when he tweeted the Zimmerman address.
Pearl S Buck  Kurt Vonnegut  Edith Warton  And a slew of others,  I attended a crap school and wasn't required to read much.
:(  Listening to his podcast about it now.
&gt;close  Me too.
