Your manager could be a jerk... you may have to skip that awesome family/friend event due to work... want to go on a trip?  Nope, Dude McGuy asked for it off first.
Not much for the first few years.  Diapers / baby formula / baby food.  First children tend to get lots of clothes from family &amp; friends.  Daycare or lack of a parent's income kicks in after a year.  Open an RESP and contribute $200/month.
This is actually good advice for people who could not control their purchasing with a CC.  Its easier to stick to your diet at the sueprmarket once a week than everyday at the fridge
Not a real-estate expert, but usually the value of a developed building on a property is the cost of all of the parts &amp; services combined (land, permits, services, architecture, foundation, framing, plumbing, electrical, dry wall, siding, roof, painting, etc...) plus 10-20%.   From several people who have build homes on vacant land, the first time is a learning lesson: very painful, time consuming and costly.  The next time you build, you know the hoops you have to jump through.
&gt; average of $100/hour, which is the average strippers make    No... strongly disagree with this statement.  http://www.wowjobs.ca/salary-stripper  Some people may make that much on a good day, but if the "average" stripper made $100 / hour, there would be a flock of people looking to get into the industry.    &gt; extra $4000 by the end of September   ...   &gt; doing it for the next 2-5 years    So which is it?  Be careful, apparently you can get sucked into the lifestyle and put your education and dreams and "on hold".  &gt; My main concerns with stripping are: 1) How it would effect my current OSAP funding 2) How I would report on my earnings with the CRA 3) How I would hide the source of my income from family &amp; friends    1. It will show up as income that effects OSAP.  2. You would report it as income, likely self employed.   3. Its up to you.
Ethics aside, go ahead and do it. Just pay the loan back at the end.  As a Canadian (too much) tax payer, I give you the ok to get a few years of free interest.
Vision of my side of the phone call:   Ring ... Ring ...   Hi Boss, how are you?     I'm good too, thanks.  Hey, I want to let you know that I am resigning.   Nothing is wrong.  I am financially independent and am going to retire.   No I didn't win the lottery, I saved and invested.   Yes, really.  I want to thank ThisCorp for paying me well, and I want to stay on until project X is completed next month.   Sure I will talk with Big Boss Guy, but please consider this my notice of resignation -- lets work on a transition plan so ThisCorp and our customers are taken care of.   Ok, lets talk in 2 days.  Good bye.
I bought the zoop and used it out of the box except for metric/imperial - works fine. I think there was a 30 minute beep and/or a depth warning beep (80 ft?).
At best its an unregistered charity that sounds like its poorly run and gives a limited amount to people.  At worst its a scam.   There are friendly communities / almost charities on facebook, my wife is in a few where people know each other and help out those in need (baby clothes, old furniture, pots &amp; pans, etc...) - no advertising fee.
Reno/Sparks mostly ~ 30 minute commute.  Lockwood looks like 300 homes.
Just out of school, I was living with a co-worker who was in sales.  At the end of quarter, he was called in on the weekend by the sales director to enter orders that never existed.  He was paid commission, I noped out of there and he &amp; the sales director and others were all fired soon after.
Cops professionally joke / make fun of firefighters.  My cousin calls them "basement savers".
Get gear that fits - the BCD / weight belt is not fitting you well.  Imagine trying to learn to dance, but you have a dress that is way too long in the legs and too tight in the arms - it would be hell!  Going to an integrated BCD &amp; weight system worked wonders for me - getting rid of or lightening the weight off the belt helps.    Practice mask work with a snorkel in waist deep water.  Put your head under water, take 20 breaths, flood your mask, take 20 breaths, purge your mask, take 20 breaths, take your mask off, take 20 breaths.  Repeat.
I have received money "bundles" of 100 notes from banks.. pre-wrapped and marked with the amount - $2000, $5000 or $10000.  Left the bank with the bundle uncounted.   edit: a letter
I am sure it was counted at some point, but it has been presented to me as a pack, and was asked once if I wanted it counted.
Why?  I run a core full node with low bandwidth (around 1mbit/s), and blocks show up quickly.  Maybe a few seconds after high bandwidth nodes, but everyone has some delay from the miner creating the block to it being verified on your node.   In fact, if the node has been off for a while, the multi-day catch-up is (crappy) CPU bound, not network bound at 1mbit/s.
Good luck!  My head instructor says "If you want to dive, then we can work with you to so you can dive."  The last thing you, your instructors or the local dive shop want is to push yourself to where you are not comfortable and not want to dive any more.  You don't dive, the instructor cannot teach other courses and the LDS loses a customer.   EDIT: And as for gear, I find it good to adjust my gear straps when I first get underwater - the BCD sits differently underwater.
My sweet sweet karma! 💵
HYH had a "disqualified" commercial license, which means he cannot drive commercially until it is fixed.  Apparently it is common - get a commercial license, drive a truck, get another job, let your commercial license lapse (not sure how/why/when it happens).    I had never heard of that and could see why someone might misunderstand and think disqualified = suspended.
I have it, its great.
I fully endorse this approach... as long as you pay any credit card or other debt incurred during the month.  I do something similar but with 1 account - autopay every bill and automate savings, the rest is mine!!
&gt; have too many expenses or kids that they can't pay off their mortgage early    Get rid of your kids, remove they are only a cost anyways!    Seriously, his story should be commended and look for ways to personally learn from it.  My gripe is with people drowning in debt while looking to buy a new $60,000 car.  Not everyone can kill their mortgage in 3.2 years, but if you rent/bike/second job you could do better than you are today.
Excellent.  Reminds me I should review my insurance - its been years since I updated it - probably negotiate a better rate.
My friend had a new-born with a potentially fatal, sudden onset condition.  They had to drive back &amp; forth 4 hours to a very special hospital to meet with specialists, mostly highway driving. They mapped out the nearest ER hospitals en route and made a plan for when the child needed to go to the hospital, depending on where they were, they would continue driving or take the next exit, drive directly to the hospital or know where to stop for an ambulance.
I have done Norbert's Gambit with/for a relative.  It worked well, and saved an estimated $500 on $20,000 USD.
Not sure, here are a few ideas:    Apply for insurance and apply again.  You only need one yes to get it and it cost no money to apply.  Be sure to be up front and honest about your situation or the insurance may be void.    Another is to get/estimate the rates for for a "bad health" person - what is the premium you would pay if you did get insurance?  Take that premium and put it aside to build up your own "self insurance" reserve.
Bondage? No.   Foot Fetish?  Not really.   Genital squeeze?  That suits me!
3 years
The priority should be people first, then money, then things.  Yes, kids cost money.  We wanted to make sure we were "on the right track" but not fully FI before having kids.  If you are drowning in debt and just started your first "real job", you might want to delay having kids immediately so you can work on debt and focus on kicking ass at work.
Little Italy for restaurants, waterfront for the views - kind of cold in March, bars and club on Ouellette, strip clubs off Ouellette, art museum on Riverside, shopping at Devonshire mall.
I drove by this.
I would start with goals - hopefully you have a general idea of each others goals in life - do you want to get married at some point?  Kids?  How many?  Do you want to stay at home with the kids?  Wouldn't it be nice if you didn't HAVE to work, well let me tell you about Financial Independence.
Having no debt feels good.
I do not claim to speak for all of us.  I speak for myself, and since /r/spacex has dedicated itself to high quality content, I expect better.  Instead of brooding over it or unsubscribing, I am expressing my opinion.  I really like SpaceX, but not /r/spacex lately - I may unsub soon.
Phil is a class act and in high demand - having to say no can make you seem like a bad guy when you only have so many hours in a day.
When you get a chance to test acceleration from a stop, STOMP on the go-pedal, don't ease into it like an ICE car.  I tested a S-85D and was super impressed - could only imagine what the P and L are like.
It is a hernia - my son was born with an umbilical hernia - they waited to see if it would fix itself and then stitched the muscle together when he was 2.
Scrape together $250 to start the lease, weekly payments are $125 that come right out of my uber pay.  First week, "on" for 40 hours, drive for 15 hours, make $300, minus gas &amp; insurance: $100, minus $125 lease and pocket $75.  A few weeks later is a bad week - big storm or some such - only make $100, uber takes it all.  Still have gas &amp; insurance of $50 (less gas), lose $75, I can't afford this!   Want to get out of the lease - with losing $75, I don't have the $250 to terminate early - guess I owe my soul to the company store.
&gt; I've been on this ~~site~~ sight too long.  FTFY
This.  Fill in T1213 and then advise / give HR/payroll a copy - a couple of companies I worked at handled it all once the form was filled in, I think one of them had it in my on-boarding packet and even mailed it in for me.
Killed someone... again.
I saw this in Bonaire.  My uncle rented a truck and tanks from a guy.  Truck's tire would slowly go flat - the guy had this contraption on a tank with 30 foot hose in the trunk of a car for air tools and filling car tires.
Wanting to provide for "future me" and family... while balancing living life today.
IT Sales Engineer - go with the sales guy and answer technical questions.
I've already got a pony on Liverpool, so I probably won't see that again.
Are you getting paid in USD?  If so, go and open a US Account now - it makes your life much easier.    As for banks, TD / TD Bank offers full cross border services.  The most cost effective best setup I have seen is quite involved:   Pay -&gt; TD Bank USA -&gt; free wire xfer to TD Canada trust USD -&gt; TD Waterhouse US -&gt; Norbert's Gambit -&gt; TD Waterhouse CAD -&gt; TD Canada trust CAD Checking.      Get an accountant to do your taxes - who wants 2 headaches?  You will file US Taxes and use the taxes you paid from the US tax return to reduce the taxes you pay in Canada by the same amount - you wind up paying the same amount of tax as if you worked in Canada, just spit across USA first &amp; Canada any extra.
Are you me?  2013 OW, 2015 AOW, no dry-suit, same-ish size... only I have gear already.    The package looks decent, but I am not an equipment expert.  I have a vest BCD, a closed/sealed regulator to help stop free-flows in cold water and a basic Suunto Zoop computer.   I get hot fast so dry suit is out for me.  Wetsuit fit is very important for people our size.
Went to Coco view in Roatan - good place, good dives.  Dives are a 1 + 1 in the morning &amp; afternoon.  1 boat dive, surface interval and 1 drop dive by Coco view where you scuba to the resort and exit by shore.
I ordered and used a flirc for a home-theater PC.  I love that it is programmable and can use many IR remotes.
Thanks - I think that sensors/vision are my weakest area.  I would like to keep the programming to a single computer - can arduino be run in a dumb mode?  Could I run 2 pi with ADC modules?
