Just like how I'm white and I'll immediately buy any flavor of Wheat Thins I see Ryan Seacrest eating.
Not really too scary, but I'm currently in a long distance relationship and sometimes I'll listen to my girlfriend sleep at night over Skype, because I'm up later than her, and sometimes she has breathing issues in her sleep, so naturally I wake her up when I hear her struggling.  She has this adorable thing of saying something in her sleep, often not making sense, and then giggling, but a few nights ago she started doing it again, with a "potato sooouup.." out of nowhere, which made me quietly laugh to myself, followed by random gibberish in her sleepy voice, and then after a brief silence, in her normal talking voice:  "...And then I killed him."  Freaked me the fuck out. Later on when she woke up, I told her about it and she laughed. I know she hasn't actually killed anyone but that's REALLY fucking creepy to hear out of nowhere at 3 AM.
The first I heard was All The Small Things. I actually saw the music video first before the song on just its own, and I was so young and stupid that I thought they were genuinely a boyband, just one with a sense of humor. Cue me hating them for a few years until someone points out to me that the video was a joke.  It's not my favorite, but I don't really have a favorite.. It's like picking favorites with your children!
hey man, at least you own up to it, so that's great :)
I ended up reading that TRT is remastered too, but.. Part of the appeal behind that record is how dated it sounds, so I don't know how I'm gonna like this. I downloaded it last night and I'm gonna give it a test spin in a bit, but I'm weary because I always remember TRT as being this record by FNM I don't like much, but then I turn it on and it's just like... "Whoa, this is amazing!" and a huge part of it has to do with how it sounds production-wise.  Angel Dust was remastered back in.. 2007 or so? I listened to that remaster recently and thought it was actually pretty good, brought out some stuff in the music I had never heard, so I'm curious if this is the same remaster. How's it holding up for you?
I'm listening to the TRT remaster right now and having kind of split feelings about it, but mostly because I've listened to the original so many times: In the original, it seemed like everything was so condensed and almost flat, and it worked because it was a perfect time capsule of that time in music, but this new one...  Holy shit. You can hear everything perfectly. Every single little note Billy Gould plays, it's right there, perfectly audible. I had no idea he was doing such crazy shit in some of these songs, like Epic. Now the bass on the old version just sounds flat. This version of the album sounds insane with how bouncy it is (in a good way!) and I highly recommend it so far. About to go into Falling To Pieces and I'm excited.  That being said.. We need one of these for Introduce Yourself and KFAD.
I remember my older sister, when I quoted the song years back (2009 or so) to her, and she was all "he doesn't say "yeah" in my version, he says "ass". have fun with your censored music." and was completely serious. She was and still is kind of a bitch.
My mom and step-dad got one of those last year because it was cheap on Craigslist and they thought they needed a computer for guests to use whenever they'd come over. Shit weighed 30-40 pounds, it was fucking insane. It couldn't connect to the internet, either. Wonder if anyone's still using these..
i'll fuckin fight andy if i have to
not if you're backing me up, he won't.
and you didn't get her number?
I just wanted to come by in here and thank you for giving me and my girlfriend so many laughs over the past month or so, when I managed to get her into GG by having her watch a video or two. She wasn't up for it initially, but now she loves you guys, and I'm really glad you're on the show, man. It's been a great two years worth of material, and I can't wait to see what else you do, be it on GG or otherwise!  Now, as for my question.. How are you doing today? :)
I messaged a girl "You wanna know the difference between your dad and me? I haven't fucked you yet." two years ago, and now we've been in a great relationship for two years.  Shit is fucking CRAZY dude
I used to be a fan of Meshuggah, and I've even seen them live in concert, but where the actual fuck are you going with that comparison?
Since I'm not really a musician (I make beats sometimes but I don't really know much about music theory or whatever) some of this might as well be Chinese to me. Could you point out a specific timeframe in a song I could examine?
&gt; I was, and still am, a huge Cars fan  You NEED to do an AMA
I saw Ratatouillie (not even sure if I spelled that right, and I was looking at the word the entire time) shortly after it came out and didn't really like it, but it just came to my attention recently that it's a Pixar film (which I didn't know when watching) so I feel like I need to give it another shot now, especially since I like Patton Oswalt now.  That being said, on the subject of Pixar.. I've never dug Wall-E and I don't understand why. I watched it for the first time a few months ago, thought it was cute and a little heart-warming, but I didn't really get much enjoyment out of it overall. What am I missing?
I'm gonna be honest with you: Some people just don't like drawn pictures of themselves, like me. If someone draws me and nails it... I fuckin' hate it because I don't like how I look. Maybe you got it perfect and she's just insecure?
Katie was actually the only girlfriend you couldn't have sex with!
Believe it or not.. There's an easy but INCREDIBLY hidden way to get infinite health on the first level, and for the rest of the game. On one of the cabinets, crouch down on the right side of one of the drawers (I can't remember if it's the first or the second one) for a few seconds, until your cowboy star starts to spin, and BAM, infinite health for the rest of the game.  I have no fucking idea how my brother discovered this in the 90s.
Finland, by any chance? I had a friend go through a mandatory military service in Finland, and I don't know of any other countries that do that
i am sorry to hear that /u/BackAlleyPrisonRape
damn i had someone tell me it was a public enemy parody lmao
The one I'm using is a Joytech controller that I think was used for the original Xbox. I keep reading about Joytek controllers being compatible but I don't think they're the same thing
Do I download the entire thing as a .zip or is there something specific I should go for? Sorry, I REALLY am not too tech-savvy!
I've been following this guy for three fucking years to see the ridiculous songs and videos he makes. I REALLY recommend no one here fuck with him so we can see more shit he unironically makes.
I'd recommend getting the ATH-M50x instead. Comes with the ability to remove the cable, and three cables in total. I actually got mine by mistake on Amazon's part, because I ordered the M50s and was kicking myself after for not getting the M50x, but lo and behold, they accidentally sent me the more expensive pair.  The sound quality and everything is the exact same, but I dunno, I appreciate having a removable cable.
I have Suddenlink and it sucks ass until around 1 AM, for some reason. Who is the best ISP in Bastrop? I live in a relatively rural area, so I'm not sure if Suddenlink is the best for me..
Why don't you just tell your wife you're a fan? Ain't nothin' wrong with that
where the fuck do you live?
How old are you?
What are some albums you got when you were just getting into hip-hop, that later (let's say years) astounded you by just how good they were/how lucky you were to have them as one of your firsts?  I think my first ever hip-hop album was Paul's Boutique when I was 13, when I was in a CD store trying to choose between it or Check Your Head, and I loved it, but it took me years to realize just how lucky I was that it was my first. I fucking love the instrumental work on that album. I had no idea what I was in for.
Just shave it all off if there's anything left, man. Some dudes look good as fuck bald. I bet even if you don't think you're gonna look good bald/shaved, it's still gonna work out in your favor.
Cod Metal King is one of my favorite SYL songs. Underrated as fuck!
i can't ever bring myself to play it because of the lack of a jump button. i hate pressing the analog stick up to jump
This thread makes me smile, OP. Not the replies, but the idea of it is adorable   I'm currently fighting a cold and fever at the same time, and am playing through Saints Row 2 to make myself feel a little bit better. How you doin', OP?
How many friends did you have? Did you get out often? And finally, would you homeschool your child?
Nah I haven't heard anything about doxxing. I got on briefly a year ago, made a joke in a post towards someone I was friends with, I think Arran, and this random fucking dipshit with an Agent 47 avatar private messages me telling me to be nice. I ask if he's a mod, he says no, and I tell him to fuck off.  Then out of nowhere Jardel joins the conversation threatening to ban me for being "hostile" and how that wasn't welcome (how the fuck did he see our messages and JOIN the actual conversation?), I asked him where this attitude was when Heliophobic was getting bullied pretty bad, and never got a response.  HMF were and still are pretentious twats who get power-hungry. They killed off their community. Good fucking riddance.
Yeah I understand that, but as a listener I kinda wish he'd just take the best 12 tracks out of those sessions and release a great album. I also just feel sad when looking at how many albums he released that year, and feel like it was a coping device he was using for handling the death of his father. Buckethead has always hidden his face but after his dad died, he made a photo of the both of them the cover to one of his albums, and.. Shit, man. It hit me in the feelings.
one time, I ordered a Reel Big Fish CD (I was 13) from Amazon and it had a fake fold-over 50 dollar bill inside advertising for the store it came from. if that wasn't enough for me to want to catch a body, the shitty CD was
i had this shit back in the day! man, that's a throwback.. while we're on the topic of Cartoon Network working with musical artists, here's a huge throwback from back in the day: [GO MONKEY GO](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5lYZcIC6bqU)
I can't find anything by tracing the photo via Tineye or Google Images, but OP, if you've been dating a few months and only live 25 minutes from each other, but have never met up, something is up, and even then, no matter how busy your schedule is, if you have enough time to have a girlfriend, you can easily find even just -one- minute of any single day in those months to video chat her.  Even if he's not a catfish, treat yourself better, OP.
Ah, I haven't seen that used by anyone on there, nor did I really go through the flair list. I just saw the Four Loko flair and decided "yeah, that's me." and chose it because I'm the classiest guy in the entire world.  Crazy, though.
Enema is my favorite rapper
I gotta find a way to watch this DVD.. Is it available for (LEGAL, pls mods don't hurt me) free streaming anywhere?
aight dawg lemme come over and crash, i'll bring Super Smash Bros Melee
A ska band, eh? Were you any famous?
Shit did I jerk both of us off last night?? This is awkward...
Tom?! Is that you?!
I haven't heard "No Good" but I love "Sober", but it's really weird because it almost sounds like a pop-country song. I can't point out any artists it specifically sounds like (can't tell any of them apart tbh) but that was a bit of a weird departure for Blink
