Still waiting on Yahoo to update Gattis' eligibility....I have nowhere to put Gattis until he gets the eligibility, and I feel like Vogt isn't shitty enough that I can just drop him and hold my breath.
Conflicted about whether to start Kluber vs KC. My opponent has Fernandez vs Mets, and I'm in line to squeak out a win provided Fernandez doesn't throw something like 7+ perfect innings. I'm winning all the pitching cats except ERA, and I'm getting crushed on the batting side of the ball (except for SB, thank you Buxton). In wins/losses, I'm 3-1 and he's 1-3, so the W/L cats are safe.  The category I'm most concerned about is WHIP (I'm only ahead by .13). I'm ahead in Ks by 14, which is probably too much to ask from even Fernandez. But Kluber has alternated between being dominant and combustible this year, and if he gets shelled again, it could cost me the whole damn week. Part of me thinks I should just play it safe, part of me worries that Fernandez is going to go off and I'll need a counter. Both games start at the same time and I don't particularly like any of the streaming options from later in the day.
I drafted him and waited out the early injury. Then I watched him do nothing but make outs for a week, so I dropped him because I needed a streaming spot. That was three weeks ago and I haven't looked back.  His peripherals are not reassuring. I don't think he's getting unlucky. I suspect he's nursing an injury, and he plays for frigging Dusty Baker, who is absolutely capable of just running him out there in the leadoff spot to make outs for months.
6.2 IP, 5 H, 1 BB, 1 ER, 9 K, takes a 1-0 loss cause his offense got 4-hit at home by fucking Chris Rusin &amp; co., and somehow that's Maeda's fault?  I streamed him last week and kept him cause I figured home vs COL was a pretty good bet, so I feel yr pain, but come on....
Sano owner here, I would absolutely trade him straight up for Zorilla. I had him last year and I've been kicking myself for not fighting for him harder in the draft this year.  On the second trade, again I think I like your side better anyway. Villar isn't going to hit like this all year, and (without looking anything up) I think I'd rather have Ross over Gray just because I'm wary of Gray's health.
I drafted him....I had to let him go eventually cause I needed a spot, but he's slowly improving as the season goes on. I may end up rostering him again (not just streaming) at some point, who knows.
Not to toot my own horn but....[honk honk](https://www.reddit.com/r/fantasybaseball/comments/4nkzyw/official_anything_goes_saturday_06112016/d452syq?context=3).
First time I heard GB, a friend of mine showed me this video, and afterwards I said I gotta listen to this song again without the video, cause the video is so mesmerizing/creepy/intense that I wasn't really listening. They have several videos that are like that, actually.  edit: grammar
Well, shit, [turns out I was wrong](http://m.cardinals.mlb.com/news/article/184061512/cardinals-working-kolten-wong-at-center-field). I was unaware he played CF in college, I thought he'd always been an infielder.
He's volatile. The fancy numbers are mixed. 4.16 FIP, 3.88 xFIP, 3.42 SIERA. His batted ball numbers are ugly....extreme fly ball tendencies, he's getting pulled, and he's allowing a lot of hard contact. The good news is the swinging strikes are there and he's not walking many batters.   I've streamed him a couple times this year, FWIW.
I'm starting him, but I'm nervous.
My opponent's got him. Oh well, it's not like I was going to win HR this week anyhow....
My pleasure. I love her first two records to pieces, but I can't say I've ever actually sat down to go through the chords like this.
I've had Seabrook all year and he was reasonably good early on but has faded hard. In the last month he's been ice cold, and the last two weeks in particular have been fucking brutal. Fair warning.
Got a complicated one here. 2 C, 2 LW, 2 RW. I have eight forwards going today so I have to sit two guys. Giroux and Voracek @ CBJ, E Staal @ ANA, Lucic @ OTT, Forsberg @ CHI, Kane vs NSH, Gagner vs PHI, Rakell vs MIN.  Giroux and Staal are C-only, Looch &amp; Forsberg are LW-only, Kane is RW-only. Voracek is LW/RW, Gagner C/RW, Rakell C/LW. I think I'm going to sit Gagner and Rakell but I'm really not sure.
Sitting Lucic isn't a bad idea, I hadn't realized his shots had dropped off that badly. I agree Dubnyk is a bad matchup, although he's let in some goals recently.  I picked up Gagner as a fill-in, and he's been so good I haven't dropped him yet. I keep waiting for Columbus to fall back to earth even a little and it hasn't happened so far.
Mr. Carson, are you now, or have you ever been, in a barbershop quartet in Skokie, Illinois?
I don't personally support the idea of blocking them from speaking or disrupting the event. But it's the 21st century, if you're really interested in what they have to say, you can find it online. You don't have to be physically present in the same room with them to hear them.  Speaking at a university, as opposed to a public park or a street corner or something, means they are benefitting from the name and reputation of that institution. The students there are part of that institution and if they think that reputation is going to be damaged by allowing people like that to speak there, then that's their decision and not mine.
The Wild are legit. I watched most of that game and most of the Stars game, they are fun to watch
Full disclosure: I'm a Blues homer *and* an Allen owner who came very close to rage-dropping him after the embarassment against the Kings. But I'm still skeptical. Hutton is a career backup and Allen has been groomed for a long time for the #1 job. I think Blues mgmt still sees the situation this way and we've had no indication otherwise. I was a little surprised they started Hutton two nights in a row, but I think they're trying to get Allen reset and there hasn't been a permanent change in either man's status yet.  Okay. All that being said, the Blues skaters top to bottom looked a hell of a lot better in the San Jose/Anaheim games (that Hutton started) compared to how they've looked for the past couple of weeks, while Allen was bad. So this leads to a chicken-and-egg question....are they playing better because they have more confidence in Hutton than Allen? Or are they responding to the shakeup by the coaching staff (and presumably getting chewed out behind closed doors by the tag team of Hitchcock/Yeo)? Hard to say for sure.  St. Louis gets Ottawa at home on Tuesday. I'd be very surprised if Allen doesn't get that start. After that it's Washington at home on Thursday, and they travel to Winnipeg on Saturday. If I had to bet right now, Allen gets the two home starts and Hutton gets the road start. Allen has been dogshit on the road this season:  Allen|GP|W/L/T|GA|SV|SV%|GAA|SO :-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-:|:-: home|18|12-3-2|39|420|.915|2.26|1 road|15|5-8-1|45|337|.882|3.41|0  So if Allen *doesn't* get the two home starts this week, I'd be surprised. And then I really would feel safe in dropping Allen. Til then, I think Allen is a much more capable goalie than what he's shown over the last month. I get that people are feeling antsy, but I still think he's just too talented to be this shitty for long.
r/theydidthemath  I've got that link bookmarked, I'll have to read that another time. In any event, yes, just eyeballing the picture, it's very unlikely that it's got enough temporal resolution to be intelligible. I think this is a metaphor, or an "artist's impression" rather than an actual, literal sound file.
Welp. Allen staying benched is really putting me behind the 8-ball. I said I'd be surprised if this happened and, well, I'm surprised
We played Anaheim on Sunday and they were saying the same thing
Coming into this week, I had Allen/Helly/Ward. I feel you
I mostly do as well, but I also support limits on the fringe of political discourse, such as Germany's ban on displaying Nazi propaganda.
The best thing about Mat Latos is his cat. Cat Latos
CMart still touching 100 mph in the 8th inning. He's single-handedly keeping this team in games. He bats 2nd in the bottom half, so that should be it for him, but he looks like he could pitch 11 or 12 innings again.
I can't be the only one who thought of Tulo/Fernandez.
In order to get Kluber off the DL, I had to choose between dropping Wacha and Joe Ross. Guess which I chose. I also have Hendricks. Oh, and I didn't realize Kluber's game was a day game, so I didn't even get the benefit of that start.  Needed ERA &amp; WHIP to win this week. Welp.
Clearly. I was born during the Carter Administration, and I can't recall ever being this angry with Russia. It just keeps getting worse and worse.
Can my hitters not suck tonight pls k thx
I've got Santana at the moment too, go with the hot hand in the friendly park. Polanco is too streaky/fragile to be reliable in fantasy. The power/speed combination is so tantalizing, yet it somehow never quite pays off.
He got hurt last year and hasn't been the same. He lost absolutely all of his power. He still looks OK in the field at third to me, although he's presumably never playing shortstop again no matter what.
Oh right, I saw that article too, I didn't even think to look for it. I have [this](http://www.fangraphs.com/guts.aspx) bookmarked.
I know, goddammit! I feel like I'm taking crazy pills for sitting both of them. But I have too many bats. I started Schebler (@ Chacin), D. Santana (@ Leake), and Jose Ramirez (vs McCarthy) instead. All of those have to be more favorable matchups....but....ugh.
I'm still getting used to it, but I actually kind of like it so far.  Some people have floated the idea of three threads, with the split advice/chat thread during the daytime, and a single Anything Goes-style thread for the evening. Have the mods discussed that possibility?
Nah, Votto's great. When the Cards and Reds were at each other's throats in 2010, he was one of the few Reds that I didn't hate with the fury of a thousand suns.
For that part, go to the Leaders tab and look for "Splits Leaderboard." Hit Team, and then look at the desired batted ball type under splits. I would then hit Advanced and look at wRC+. (Keep in mind that sample size may be an issue with some of these splits.)  I'm still learning how to use that page, I think it's new this year. But I still don't know how to just hit one page and see exactly what you're looking for without having to pull in other info or do some tedious number-crunching.
Wow, I don't know how I missed this. I think you're right, no way this game is getting played. Thanks, wish I'd seen it earlier.
My OF is Bellinger, Inciarte, Kemp, and I move Jose Ramirez around. I'm doing okay with HRs, and he doesn't give you much in average and steals. It's not that I think he'll be bad ROS, I just don't have anywhere to put him once McCullers comes back. Unless I want to drop a pitcher and carry a bench bat, that is.  The 14 team/shallow roster thing is weird. It's hard to stash guys that seem like they ought to be rostered.
Yep. In late 2013 he rounded first base hard (IIRC he was looking at the outfield trying to decide whether to break for second) and the umpire was in the way. He suffered a lisfranc injury trying to avoid him. He came back for the WS in the Kirk Gibson role and we had the infamous obstruction-off play with Middlebrooks. Other than that, he was really never the same.   And then Mozeliak managed to turn him and Joe Kelly into John Lackey. His defense at first wasn't terrible as I recall, but he was not a good outfielder. However, he did steal a homer from Nelson Cruz in Game 7 in 2011. He said afterwards that was the only time he ever did that at any level (!).
That was a hell of a bout. I missed that one.
&gt; These are all facts. None are lies.  Your entire line of argument is an egregious lie of omission. It is wholly disingenuous to claim that all you've done is to state facts. You haven't stated *all* of the facts. You are choosing which facts you want to emphasize, while pretending that you don't know about others that contradict your thesis. This is the definition of arguing in bad faith.   And now that you've brought up Robert Byrd, I'm sure somebody out there has gotten Party Of Lincoln Bingo. That was pretty much the only thing you'd left out so far. I was actually kind of surprised for a while....but in the end, you didn't let us down.   ^(Can you tell that maybe, just maybe, I've had this *exact* conversation with other, equally dishonest people before?)
Jose Martinez was born to DH
"My father's not racist, he's just a greedy sybarite who dives into a swimming pool full of money like Scrooge McDuck"
Needless cruelty. Guy hasn't lived in Mexico since he was 10. I can't even imagine.
I can absolutely believe that he was in severe pain and just overdid it. Fentanyl is an enormously powerful drug, and he had other painkillers in his system on top of the fentanyl. Unless he left a note, there's no reason to think that it was deliberate.  I knew a junkie once upon a time who had managed to get a time-release fentanyl patch from somewhere. He and a roommate sliced it open and split the liquid on the inside. Once they'd finished puking their brains out, they were basically comatose for two or three days. They were probably lucky it didn't kill them.
And then we lost Perron to Vegas in the expansion draft.
I'm so glad Beltran isn't on this list anymore, even if it wasn't with us
I hate that shit. I've had some insane swings in offense like that this year. One week I'm 1st or 2nd in the league in everything, the next week everybody but Machado is swinging with the wrong end of the bat.
