Ramona is like Jax to me. Fun person to be acquaintances with but difficult to be close with. If you get upset with what either of these people say or do to you, you cant get angry at anyone but yourself because they don't care or have shame.
I understand her motivations though.  Like deep down your parents would know that you really had premarital sex, drank or did whatever they don't approve of. But we pretend we didn't to keep the parents happy. No point getting them upset about things they refuse to accept.
not working today :(  I think they all come from the same source.
Omg that really annoyed me.  I hate this cultural appropriation nonsense. My family is from South-East Asia and we don't get these people telling us how sacred henna and bindis are.
I would do if I didn't have to carry the things myself
Single white female
I would have been fooled too if I hadn't watch Alex's recap videos before I saw a single episode of RHONY. It was interesting watching it that way.
The stress of the economy at the time and losing his job definitely didn't help either but I never thought about Alexis' possible impact.
your own family stole from you?!
Yeah when Kandi gets mad it's always deserved.   With her family she has a high tolerance level and she doesn't drink either.
Lmao I like how Tre took that as an insult. The bakeries inside my local supermarket are just as good as the chain bakeries we have here.
Good on you!  Changing your eating habits for the long run seems way more daunting to me than exercise.
So am I. The villan look really suits Max
It so damn hot today, I wish I can go to the pool
Made me think of doing a roast for this sub with a twist.  Instead of a traditional roast, people would describe you like Lisar.
It's not the first time I have seen an American think Aussie-style burgers are weird. Coriander in a burger doesn't sound too crazy.   That's true about the meat. All they have is skewers of emu and roo.
As an actual Melburnian, I say they do a pretty good job. Its the closest I have ever heard Americans do a normal aussie accent.
I watch it to follow their jokes and participate in this sub. The discussion posts are hilarious
I liked that they found this good balance between the women interacting with family and each other.  Im a fan of Silex because Simon is Australian and found Alex's awkwardness relatable. Its funny how his (and Bruce from RHOMelbourne) metrosexual ways confused people. They tried to front but couldn't which was funny.
I have only seen from season 4.  I think Tamra and Vicki viewed Gretchen as a threat. Ever since Slade called Vicki, Ms Piggy her face has been morphing into a plastic older version of Gretchen's.   Bravo changes with what will bring the bigger ratings. People always complain when the housewives go on about their regular lives on camera, saying its boring and there is no drama.
Praying I can watch both on livestream tonight
yeah I couldn't believe I found the Lala and James episode under Graham Norton
I agree. Just once and never again for me.
Nope still married but her book did get trashed in the media.
Wish my mother was like that. She would allow guests to always go on a tour through our house which isn't that interesting. One lady insisted on looking at my bedroom for a while until I told her look at the guest room and imagine it was green.
I was looking for it when I rewatched the episode. I see the resemblance but its not what I expected
True. I have been jaded by Bravo too much.
She was harmless apart from lying about her name and being a cheerleader but her husband Tariq was awful. My hate for him rubbed off on her.
Its hard finding bravolebrities doing shade properly since it goes against their dna. I can say for sure that RHOA cast are terrible at shade!   Even One Direction members can throw better shade than this!  Might have to resort to masters like Obama, Mariah, Martha and Aretha.   For me I can't tell if when someone is being shady but I know for sure when its NOT shade.
yeah he's pretty much keeping me here
I am crying rn.  Why is Karen conducting security checks for Charrise's party?
I am totally the opposite. Can't stop!
It amazes me when girls from northern England and Scotland would go out clubbing in shorts and mini dresses without coats mid winter.
Oh god. I had to deal with that a lot at work. Everyone pays with 20s since its the smallest you can withdraw from the ATM.
Makes sense why I am liking it so far.
yeah spoke too soon  Its not as horrible as the time it crashed in the middle of the opening credits of RHOBH. The streaming service overwhelmingly prefers Atlanta.
Dropped up 30mins before the new episode started :(
I wanted to see my home city Melbourne and then I moved around different franchises. OC and NY were the last franchises I watched.
Taking a break. We need Kathryn time now
I am not 100% but she definitely looks it in her younger photos
We have solved everything. The other one has Lyme for sure!
I find the Katie and Tom thing weird. Is it the fact they are filming? Which they can never say.  I feel like they are always drunk. Who day drinks on the beach hiding tequila in tampons and sunscreen flasks. After a night of heavy drinking the night before and later on that day too.
Just the reunion. She was pretty blah on the show. I have yet to finish season 3
I felt bad for Jason. He was this normal guy who got thrust into the spotlight. I still believe B leaked her own pregnancy.
makes me miss Heather. Carole definitely is a reflection of whoever she hangs out with.
Yes. She apparently had a successful business selling cashmere and she was working somewhere until Richard died.
So I have been watching all the spin off Housewives shows and finally landed on Don't be Tardy. I am really confused on who is at fault for the fractured relationship between Kim and her mother. I am not the biggest Kim fan and I found her order to ban everyone from her home and get a port-a-potty for the wedding ridiculous. If privacy at your home is so important why not hold it somewhere else?   It seems to me that Kim is taking her mother's seemingly minor complaints as character assassination. I am trying to figure out whether Kim and Kroy cutting their parents off is on them or their families to blame?
Poor Shep so many rejections this week
I am sure she knows about more than one.  These guys actually hang out with each other without the show.  The Delesseps either had an open marriage or they cheated on each other.
It's winter here so my nose gets as congested as theirs and I can't afford the marching powder.
