I think the 8th seed Knicks in 99 were a better David vs Goliath experience, particularly since we were missing our hall of fame center.
Komazawa Park is where you wanna go. Usually only 5-10 people (not highly skilled) playing on weekend mornings.
Very hard to get a visa without a degree. Stay in school and maybe try to study abroad.
4 years, dude.
Nope. I'm older than most and can remember watching Jordan's threepeats and Barcelona.   Barkley wasn't a true first option imo. It's a major reason why his shooting percentages are elevated.
It wasn't really all that newsworthy in Japan.   Source: I live here.
Japanese kids aren't under pressure to be "the best." They are under pressure to get into a good school and become one of millions of salarymen. It's a big difference.   I am biased but I believe the US does it right. People are encouraged to chase their dreams.
I am gonna try out Ian Clark to stream Monday/Tuesday in his spot. Curry will probably sit those games and they played him 37 minutes tonight.
Unfortunately I have work during the week so it would have to be at night, and I tend to work quite late. It would have to be after 9PM on most nights. Tomorrow I am playing basketball in the evening after work so it'll be even tougher.  How about next Saturday? I am free the whole day.
I had the same scare about a year ago. 6 year old budget PSU caused an electrical fire on one of my SATA drives. Thank god I was using the PC at the time.  Never again. Only using well rated Japanese power supplies going forward.
I work with a guy who was recently made country head for a tech company - he would wear t-shirts and sandals to customer meetings where everyone was in black suits. He got fired. Shit happens.
He does love the garden and he's from NY.
I had 210 last week in a 12 team. Also 911 points and 96 3PM. It was an extreme outlier week.
Yeah it was by far the record for our league (in its 2nd year).
Mine is 15 per roster.
I disagree entirely. If you project out possible playoff matchups, you can start building a roster specifically to beat that opponent. I did this last year to dethrone the strongest team in our league (they were on an 11 week win streak) but I game-planned to beat them for 3-4 weeks prior.  I made sure I had 10 more games than them that week and targeted vulnerable categories.
Eh, if I'm punting Blocks and FG% in 8cat I find Rose to contribute just fine.
Eh, a lot of 2nd and 3rd time founding teams after successful exits are able to generate those "Cinderella Moments" at will. I've witnessed it - those teams already went through the growing pains and built the right connections and reputation to tee it up for the next one.
How? I am leading my league in points, assists, FT%, steals and 3PM.  I use him as one of many specialists for certain categories. In his case, he helps me win points and assists. He doesn't hurt me in the others since I punt them all.  I can't believe so many people can't believe you can build a winning team with Rose on your roster.
I punt blocks, rebounds, FG%. We're 8-cat so we don't count turnovers.
I thought I was doing a punt rebound build but I accidentally made my team competitive in boards thanks to Zaza.  I love this man.  BTW other Zaza owners, feel free to use my team logo: https://i.imgur.com/3HPyQcZ.png
I started the day losing Ft% and picked up Jamal Crawford for tomorrow like a chump. Now I'm up 4%. Thank you Mr. Williams.
I'm free later on tonight if you're okay with late night shenanigans in either Shibuya or Shinjuku. Where are you now?
From 11.  Late night Saturdays in Shibuya are pretty fun. I just got over the flu so dying to get out of my house tbh. I don't mind to show you around a bit. (I'm assuming you're a tourist?)
Take a power nap for 3 hours and come out haha  I live walking distance to Shibuya so feel free to msg me anytime tonight. I'm easy.
He falls as a defense mechanism he started using because of all his ankle sprains as a young player.
I was more thinking about an injury but that could happen too!
I'd be happy if Mike Conley can take over as our veteran presence, though.
&lt;3 Ellis, I had him as one of my keepers. Underrated and off the radar for most.
I think the existence of /r/japanlife inherently turns Tokyo into "tourist central." It's not a good thing or a bad thing, it just is.  We've also got a decent track record for facilitating local meetings (whether for meetups, events, swapping goods, etc.) that are inappropriate for /r/japanlife.  I would love suggestions for how this subreddit can be improved. Would people be interested in info on Tokyo jobs? I work in the recruiting industry and am a bit of an expert on it.  EDIT: Fuck it, I'm gonna prepare a mega-post on job hunting in Tokyo. Time to contribute some good content.
This is how it is in Japan and I love it. 7PM EST is 9AM here :)
Been using him ever since he went to Memphis. Pro-tip: If you want to win FT%, get him and Lou Williams on your squad.
I can one up you.  I was in NYC for 9/11, Tokyo for 3/11, and CT for Sandy Hook :(
Shhh.... he's our little secret.
He's a staple on my team. Gets enough points/assists/threes to be very valuable.
And yet people still hate on him. I'm #1 in my league with D. Rose on my roster.
His above average points and assists are great for my punt Fg%/blocks/turnovers/rebounds build, actually.
It's 8cat so turnovers are punted by default. I'm leading my league in points, assists, steals, threes, and Ft%
[Here](http://i.imgur.com/Zu3pfuK.png) are the standings. I am #1 (Harden Soul).  [Here](http://i.imgur.com/7oyOhRI.png) are the over-all stats for the season. You can see I am first place overall in points, threes, assists, steals and FT%. I am dead last in FG%, 2nd to last in blocks, 4th to last in rebounds.  Rose is great for my team because he helps me dominate points &amp; assists and I can use other specialists to win threes and steals. He doesn't get to the line often enough to hurt me in FT%.  The specialists for steals and threes are always on the WW. If you notice I have the most add/drops in the whole league too. I use my max # of stream slots every week, unless I am dominating going into Sunday in which I use the leftover stream slots to set up the Monday/Tuesday of the next week.  That's why Rose is good for my team and why I am so sick of people saying he's useless in fantasy.
No game limit. Positional requirement is 1 each of PG, SG, SF, PF, C, then 1 G, 1 F, and 3 UTILs.  I would run the identical strategy in 9cat. You only need to win 5 categories to succeed.  The biggest thing about my team is all my options are high volume &amp; high minute players. I usually finish 100-300 more minutes played per week than my opponent. That allows the law of averages to work its magic.  I target volume shooters like Harden, Lou Williams... Even Mario Chalmers becomes very valuable because his FT% impact is very high.   I try to keep as few bigs on my roster as possible. Every few weeks I might have to stream a C or PF to fill a spot, but I stream every day anyway so who cares?  My before the draft strategy was to carefully rank exactly who I wanted in order. I wrote out about 100 players who fit my build and ranked them from 1-100 then drafted the best available one from that list when it was my turn.  Also build around your best player. In my case, I got Harden with my first pick so by default I want to target his strong stats: FT%, points, assists, steals, threes.  If I had KD maybe I don't do a FG% punt, for example.  I firmly believe that it's easier to dominate with a guard-heavy roster because there are so many good ones. It's a lot harder to get talented bigs who fit your build. Plus rebounds are cheap so it's easy for your competition to upset that category anyway.  Assists are the hardest category to win, so I always draft those guys earlier in the draft and make sure my whole roster averages 3+ assists if possible. That's why Rose is awesome for my build. His 5 assists a game make a real difference.  Target high minutes per game &amp; low injury risk players, though! That's the only reason my strategy works. Harden is leading the league in minutes played 2 years in a row now. That's why I would take Harden over KD or AD in a heartbeat.  Oh, and the last thing is playoff schedule. That's another reason I targeted Rose.
Delta have really upped their game. I have a quarter million miles logged on United but Delta has the superior seats, entertainment systems and free booze/food.  But usually just take the cheap option and spend the difference in NYC :)
Hmm this could end up being cheaper than buying it locally here in Japan, considering it looks like they don't charge sales/consumption tax, the good exchange rate at the moment, and 3-5 day shipping is only $46.
I have a debit card that pays 2% cash back on all purchases. I have one credit card for some repeating monthly bills but otherwise I try to use cash to help exercise some fiscal discipline.
From Yamate Ramen main store near University of Tokyo Komaba campus.
Haha I built this rig in 2008. Still going strong! For better or worse I'm married to this case &lt;3
Mind to explain the blower thing to me? I am worried because of the lack of gap between the edge of the card and the hard disk bay that it won't have sufficient airflow for a non-blower to work properly.   I live in a very hot city and my room's ambient temperatures can get very hot. I thought a blower might be superior in these conditions but I'm really not sure. I've never used one before.
Hmm... You've given me a lot to think about!  The good news is I am doing a CPU swap &amp; new CPU cooler install this week (Noctua NH-D14 mmmmm) so I'll have plenty of time to mess around with the inside of the case and inspect things, in order to make the proper call.  I don't have good ventilation &amp; ambient temperatures in my room, so this is a concern for me. I've never really had anything close to a silent PC before so it'll be interesting to see how good I can get it.  I only keep 2 3.5" hard disks in my rig on a RAID-1 configuration and 1 SSD, so I'm not so concerned about the disk bays. I'm more concerned about airflow inside the case &amp; also the longer wait for the AIB designs.  EDIT: I am also concerned about the general well-being of my motherboard. It's an X58 model from 2008 that I love very much and want to extend its life as long as possible. I'm thinking the reference cooler on the GPU might help it stay nice and cool, at the sacrifice of extra heat on the GPU &amp; higher noise levels.  I wish more reviews covered these things.
Sweet, got my order in for a Zotac. I hope it ships June 10th like they say.  $42 shipped to Japan + no mark-up + no tax means I'll save a few hundred bucks over what it will cost locally &lt;3
I got a confirmation I was one of the very first people to order the Zotac 1070 FE from B&amp;H. I am hoping I can get one of however small their puny inventory is shipped out on the 10th. Very wishful thinking!  Godspeed, fellow 1070 FE pre-orderers :)
Not sure. My previous card is a Zotac and I had a great experience with it.
