I'm a woman, and I hate shopping. My husband has three times more clothes and shoes than me.
I have this the other way round: for example, I dream of being bitten by a tiger, or having a surgery, and I am (in the dream) in the great pain. When I wake up, I feel fine. I thought that maybe there was something - a stomach ache, let's say - that would trigger that kind of dream, but no, nothing. Sometimes I can feel the pain/bite for a while after I have woken up, and then it disperses. So, I think it can work both ways: sometimes the body sensation can produce a dream, and sometimes a dream can produce a body sensation (BTW, I also often have sexual dreams, in which I am very, very aroused. But when I wake up, I am not aroused at all, the feeling was just in a dream).
I lived in Poland during the Cold War, and I was not aware of it happening. I was a child, and then a teenager, interested in Guns n'Roses and some boys from my school, and completely oblivious to any political stuff going on around me (and I rememember the Marshall Law &amp; soldiers etc.). Only when I was in my twenties I realised I lived through the communism and social transformation: when it was happenning, I simply didn't notice.
My family live in three countries - how can we possibly avoid flying? You cannot travel on a train over the ocean to see your parents ... But I agree that ferries and train journeys can be fun, although can take too much time.
I've been to Kaikoura! Haven't seen any whales though :-(
Me too! But I was diagnosed with Ehlers-Danlos.
Me to! :-) I also have EDS :-) unfortunately I do have some other problems associated with it.
I've seen that film
Get interested in me! I would like to go to the West Coast!
I have the same thing with eyes and colours/tones. Thought everyone had this.
that reminds me - when I meditate I stop breathing for long periods of time; no idea how, or why
I din't have celiac disease, but I have very delicate stomach (due to genetic disease of the connective tissue) that just doesn't properly digest anything too heavy. I can't eat gluten, and lots of other stuff as well, and have to be always very careful of what I actually eat. Gluten, unfortunately, is quite heavy, and - compared to rice, let's say - seems to sit in my stomach forever. Since I've stopped eating it, my health vastly improved, so I will stick to this diet, no matter what other people think.
I've been vegan for 12 years - first 10 years fantastic, and then I started having serious problems. No I eat fish and eggs, which improved my health/.
I don't digest gluten (and many other foods) properly due to genetic connective tissue disorder. I don't have celiac disease, but on the gf diet I feel much better, and don't have to take medicines.
I disctinctly remember one famous Polish comic author dying a year ago - there was an article about this, and I discussed it with my brother, and he even bought a series of his comics for his daughter (well, really for himself, for the old times sake and all).  Yesterday I see an up-date on the showbiz site, and he is celebrating his 92 birthday. What?   Also, Keanu Reeves has a different life story. So, there we go.
What a lovely post. Good luck to you and your wife :-)
Do you what what is the same of those migraines? My mother just had an identical incident - they thought it was a stroke, but it turned out to be a migraine.
You can tell yourself you were embracing Japanese cuisine. Many people eat rice for breakfast, there is nothing wrong about that :-)  I'm not American, so I don't understand the whole milk and cereal concept, but a bowl of rice or rice pasta is a great breakfast.
When I was a child, most foods were rationed (communist Poland), so we didn't have much, and meat was certainly rarity. Shops were empty, so even when you had money, you couldn't buy anything. We were never hungry, and I think it was actually nice that all food was home made (I had my first Snickers bar when I was 14), so it was probably healthier, although you had to hunt for hours to find a shop in which they had stuff. But everyone was in the same situation, so we didn't feel deprived, as there was noone we could compare ourselves too. But I remember when I went to the Germany and saw the supermarket I started to cry.
I grew up seeing empty shelves (communist Poland), so every trip to a supermarket is a happy occassion. I've never been hungry, and I don't eat much, but I just LOVE to look at all this food bunched up together. I love supermarket trips &lt;3
This is true. I grew up in a relatively poor country (Poland in the 1970s), but we always had an access to a free health service. So it is shocking how people in America (who sometimes act patronizing towards me as they are from a richer country) cannot afford getting basic treatments for their kids. I am shocked reading all this.
I know this kind of humiliation. We used to receive packages and donations from Germany, and I had to be all grateful. Don't get me wrong, it was great, and the people who wanted to help us poor Poles were kind, but it WAS humiliating. My parents were educated people with Phds, they were working, and still we had to accept help from the country that screwed us during the war and was the reason for our country's poverty. I knew all the war stories from my grandparents, and I had this huge dissonance accepting old clothes and food from the Germans. Still, we had too. Now I am a grown up woman living in the UK, but this feeling of inferiority is still somewhere there.
I was staring in the mirror recently, and somehow I suddenly looked (or that's how I saw it anyway) like an old Aboriginal man, with grey mud painted all over. I am thin, pale red-haired woman. It could be just an illusion of light and shadow, so I am not reading too much into it. I was trying to jump, I have to admit, although I do think mirror is not necessary and we jump all the time anyway. But this sub is so interesting, I thought I would sort of try it this way.
Wellington, NZ. Awesome place.
I am relatively new to reddit and completely don't understand the gold thing. Is it the real money? How does it work?
I don't understand cake day either ...
I wonder if Australia could give me citizenship based on a fact I've always felt vaguely Australian? Never been there, but still :-D
BTW, I agree, I knew someone who was writing a PhD on depression in one of the African countries, and she had to totally re-define depression, and collect the locally specific list of symptoms, that were not present in the Western world.
Heh, I remember my parents trying to explain to theri friends from Western Germany that they cannot buy a house not because they have no money, but because there is no such thing as buying a property. Also, they were perplexed why my parents wouldn't move their money to a DIFFERENT bank, as the interest rate was crop, and my father had to explain there are no different banks ...
Ha, I was thinking about it the other day but could not, for the life of me, remember the name. Napster, of course!
I remember waiting for someone for an hour and eventually going home, where I found the person has called me to cancel after I've already left. That happened very often.
Poland, 70s.
My parents applied for the phone before I was born. We got it in 1992, thankfully just in time, so I could spend hours talking to high-school friends :-D But
Poland, 80s and early 90s
Yes, my husband did some work on this, but there are others, for example this one: https://www.questia.com/library/journal/1G1-336286952/how-love-emerges-in-arranged-marriages-two-cross-cultural
Oh, same here. I have no idea what do I have against this woman, she is nice and all, but I just can't stand her.
Oh, I will trot there, thanks :-)
Happened to me once, only it was bloody Herbalife.
I feel pain in my dreams - had very vivid dream of being bitten by a tiger and a wolf, and it hurt as hell.
Well, there was nothing much on it first, so I used it (my brother showed me how), and thought it was boring, and I would probably not be using it at all.  Hehehehehehhehehehehehehheheh.
I've got one war-time story. The groom didn't appear, or change his mind (I am not sure) and the best man stepped in saying he's always been in love with the woman and wants to marry her instead. Apparently, giving the war time, the priest approved of that, and they were a very good couple.
Heh. I was given 9 unnecessary courses of antibiotic by my GP before they agreed to refer me to a specialist. A specialist immediately said the antibiotic was the wrong one, and gave me ONE that actually helped.
I like having menstruation - it's like a regeneration cycle, I feel great during one, like the whole past month is flushing away and I am starting anew.
Quite  the opposite - my periods last a week, and are quite heavy. But I enjoy them - maybe because I feel really bad beforehand, so when they arrive it is a huge relief :-)
Poland. I remember that. I was coming back from somehwere, and my brother opened the door with a strange, confused expression and said 'you will not believe this ... I am not sure I understand what is happening, but New York is being attacked?'. I rushed to the TV just in time to see the second plane.
The Baptism of the Holy Ghost, I guess. I witnessed it once at a similar retreat.
I agree. In Poland, where I am originally from, people have zero trusts in hospitals and doctors. Also, we had a scandal some years ago when ambulance staff was killing people off with the drug Pavulon, because - wait for it - they had an arrangement with local funeral companies. Now, this was a PUBLIC health service. So people are not too hasty in declaring they want to donate their organs. Also, catholid church was against it, so there it is.
I've just seen this at the airport in Birmingham.
I have EDS - I don't usually have dark circles under my eyes, but I DO have a very thin, translucent skin, and that can cause this sometimes.
Feel so ronery.
