Haha as an incredibly inexperienced paddler, this was my first thought!
Honestly, you should try cutting out carbs and dairy from your diet. Cleared up my eczema in only a few months! It sounds hard, but it really isn't after the first couple weeks.
Thanks. I just bought the PassportPlus plan from AT&amp;T, and I'll be turning all of my apps off. I was just wondering if bluetooth can draw data for whatever reason.   Like when my watch does heart rate, or checking the weather and other things it does in the background, can that consume data even with my phone not using it? That's my real question.
I appreciate you taking the time to read this and respond. For the record, that link was just part 1 of 13 (just click next at the bottom of the page). The rest of the parts are extremely informative, and covered many points that I had never heard before (including your question about the pictures taken). The author does a great job at explaining his theories, the debunker's arguments, and why they don't hold water.  Please keep reading, because there is a ton of scientific analysis to challenge what was done.
Greatly appreciated! I'm still completely on the fence about this whole thing, so it's nice to hear some logic from either side.
I am also at work. Will respond later, otherwise my entire day will be shot.
Obviously a complete gun ban would not be tolerated, but that's not what I worry about. It's the small, incremental actions that creep closer and closer to a complete gun ban.   And while I agree with you a lot of people said that about Obama, Hilary has been WAY more vocal in her career about being anti-gun. It's pretty much the only opinion that she has been consistent with.   (For the record, I'm not a Trump or Bernie supporter either. Gary Johnshon 2016!)
I just want to add one thing to this discussion. My biggest problem with the "mainstream theories" is not so much the plausibility of the mechanics, but more with the academic community that governs the theory.  This video should illustrate my point. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=8Ziu2ygE_Wc  What you see is Zahi Hawass, the worlds most respected and renowned Egyptologist, throwing a tantrum about Graham Hancock's presentation for the debate they had planned. Once I saw how closed minded and arrogant this guy was, I realized how much closer Egyptology is to a religion rather than science. The idea that his entire life's work has been a lie makes him completely closed to any new ideas, even if they are based on newly discovered evidence.  I now assume this to be true for most (if not all) other areas of academia. Also why those who propose alternative theories are cast out of the scientific community, like they try to do with Graham.
Interesting, it was there yesterday... Wish I could remember #5.
I've searched everywhere for a screenshot of any post he put on FB, and one doesn't exist. The only source I've been able to trace the information back to is a law enforcement official in Orlando said that Omar had 4 FB accounts connected to him, and that they deleted everything. They have now requested FB turn over any information that they gathered on Omar.
It would make sense for them to secure a situation like that. But what happens if I have a legitimate injury, unrelated to a mass casualty incident, and go to that hospital for medical attention? Will I be turned away from entry? Or will I just be put in the queue behind the critically wounded?
I'm not on board with the hoax theory for this one. My money would be on FBI informants helping that kid kill people, then pinning it all on him when it's over "in the name of ISIS".   Boston though... now that's a whole different story.
You're very welcome! Another suggestion I have would be to check out the Audible version (if you're into that kind of thing). It is narrated by Graham himself, which made it SO MUCH BETTER the second time I read it. The material can get pretty dense at times, so hearing Graham read it was helpful and awesome. Now reading/listening to one of his other books, The Divine Spark. Also would recommend.
If he's a fan of the Cockmeat sandwich.  Edit: I was just quoting Harold and Kumar people, no need for the downvotes.
I will edit this response when I get home from work. I plan on giving you the examples that made me start to think that there is likely more too this whole thing than people are saying.  Edit: Sorry everyone, forgot to go online when I got home. And I am now at work again, so I will post more when I am not at work. But to get you started, look into:  -the connections between the CPP "shooter"'s dad  -The actual photos from Alefantis' and company's instagram accounts that everyone found so disturbing, like the dick cumming pizza slices. (unfortunately, you'll have to look pretty hard as they have done a good job "scrubbing" these images from the internet).  -high amount of connections to people involved in charities for disturbed or troubled youth, or Child Protective Services, or the Haiti organizations that work with unfortunate children.  I'll be back later with references for the people who try to dismiss these.  DISCLAIMER: I'm not stating anything to be explicit truths. All I'm saying is that there are certain parts of the story that make you wonder if these people might be on to something. At the very least, deserves to be looked into by proper authorities, rather than amateur investigators on reddit.
I'm very familiar with inner cities, and I agree with pretty much everything you just said.   However, I do not think it would be difficult to convince/entise/instruct these kids to do this, and promise them money and "immunity". Do you think it would be hard to find people in the inner city of Chicago that share their beliefs and are violent enough to willingly commit such crimes with permission and payment?   Staged does not mean fake.
Those bombs could have still been made though, right?  Personally, as crazy as the idea is portrayed in today's media, I'm a big supporter of all teachers, principals, and basically anyone that is responsible for the safety and well-being of children should be required to take firearms safety and training courses, and designate certain classrooms to include a gun safe (preferably hidden) and a trained firearms user (aka the teacher that took his mandatory safety and proficiency training courses). This would also be the case for the main office, cafeteria, and gymnasiums.  The problem with counting on police to handle the bad guys with guns is that, a lot of times, too much damage is done by the time they arrive and are able to help. If teachers were able and capable to take immediate action, many lives could be potentially saved.  Not to mention, there would also be a benefit from just putting a system like this in place. Currently, all schools are "gun-free zones", meaning a psychopath with a gun knows that his only real threat is maybe the school's correctional office.  So if you were a psychopath with firearms, which school would you rather target:  A. Gun-free zone with single armed citizen until police respond to the scene.  B. A school where you know the teachers have been trained to properly handle and use firearms, and that has X amount of gun safes throughout the building.  Definitely might make you think twice about targeting option B.
Well Amen to that bro! I could not agree more. But saying that a specific group of people, in any context, deserves to die is absolutely not a belief that anyone should have. Short of a specific group committing an act of violence directly against you or a loved one, that's at least slightly understandable.  Do you personally know any Trump supporters? Or even just people that voted for him because Hillary was worse? What has "the right" ever actually done to you personally? The way you express hatred for Trump supporters is borderline disturbing (if you are being sincere and not trolling, that is).   It sounds to me like you're right on the edge of understanding the real enemy, but are getting hung up on Trump supporters for some reason. I recommend taking that last little step over the edge.
Again, we agree on something. The position is as ridiculous as the Queen of England. Now, I'm not for total abolition of government, as I feel it can serve a useful purpose for certain tasks. But yes, I completely agree that we need to dismantle a large majority of it.  You see what I'm getting at here though? Our opinions seem to align on many of the issues we discussed, yet you have already pigeonholed me as a Trump supporter.   To be clear, I support whatever candidate the establishment hates the most. In previous years it was Ron Paul. This time around it just so happened to be a pompous ass. I don't have to like the guy to like the idea of not having a god damn politician-lawyer in office.
First you talk about having enemies is harmful to America, then you say you feel Native American's deserve the land back, all the while only showing intense hatred for one political party? Makes absolutely zero sense to me man, you're all over the board here.  And for what it's worth, I agree, the Native American's rightfully do deserve their land back. The extermination of the natives was far more appalling than the Holocaust, or the ethnic cleansing of Palestine... yet we celebrate it every year as a national holiday, complete with fictional stories about cooperation and giving between the natives and settlers.  &gt;Youre a trump supporter, so you know what i think of you.  So, are you saying that if someone isn't a staunch anti-Trumper, then you already know everything about them and wish for their death? Do I seem like a typical "Trump supporter" to you? I just don't get it.
But see, so am I. Could you explain to me what exactly it is I've said to earn the labels you're throwing at me? What have I said (in all of our conversations today) that makes me sound like a "broken brainwashed" person?
Well, again, I agree with just about everything you said haha. Except the claims about me believing in the system and being a cog.   I have no faith in the system. Deep down, I know trump probably won't change much. I just think that if there's even a chance of him improving things, then I'll at least abstain from shitting on him like the rest of the country. And I despise the bullshit two party system, which is why I'm a registered Libertarian (didn't even vote for Trump!)   That being said, how do you manage to live completely outside of "the system"? How do you survive? How do you avoid paying taxes? Many of us are forced to participate in this bullshit system, but hardly think it's an efficient or ethical way to live life. You've just gotta do the best you can with what you've got.  And when shit hits the fan, I'll be standing right next to you with the militias of the American people.   Just know, in the future, you can't always judge a book by its cover, even if that book says something that's pro-Trump haha.
Honestly, I'm just glad it wasn't with underage prostitutes or anything creepy sexual like that. Lots of people like getting pissed on though.
Right?? I even put a disclaimer and still got downvoted!  Edit: Love your username... They're killing me too
Down to help moderate it. Check out my post history and let me know
Climbey makes me overestimate my dyno abilities IRL
Sadly, half of the country would be super happy, including the media, that I think they would just spin the story to be some "lone wolf", and everyone screaming that it was the government will just be discredited.  We've all seen what happens when the MSM wants a narrative pushed...
I was just trying to **help** find a potential solution!  Lol, but seriously, touche sir. I agree with you.
r/conspiracy remains critical of power, especially the MSM. Sorry for not pushing your anti-Trump agenda hard enough, but I'm still trying to get over all the lies the media tried to tell me for the last year. So excuse me if I don't jump at the chance to parrot the Trump-bashing talking points plastered all over NBC CNN ABC CBS etc.
Commenting to read all this ridiculously helpful information later. Thanks!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pxFYPpObtog  What about people like this? She's been speaking out, but I'd bet my house that you've never seen this seminar.  My point is, just because you don't think there are people speaking out about this, doesn't make it true. Half of the cover-up effort is preventing leaks, and the other half is addressing any of the leaks that do. Whether it be suppressing the information, discrediting it, or murdering the leaker.
Ahh I now think I get what you mean after seeing another users response to your first comment. Just seemed a little out of the blue from the OP. Sorry for being vague.
I'm not happy about it. Especially when this story is a non-issue until further evidence is presented.  I was "spoofing" my caller ID since 2008. It's terrifyingly easy to do.
Life insurance.
Thank you for doing this, I was having trouble seeing exactly what OP was talking about. Now it's staring me right in the face! Looks like an intentional obfuscation to me.
&gt;Man, what a reply. You're the type of person I want to grab a beer with.  My feelings towards pretty much everyone in this thread right now.
Thank you for doing this! Didn't have time when I posted earlier.
Haha thanks, I feel the same way about your OP. I couldn't agree more that this shit is absolutely fascinating to me.
I try, but I never end up going back to my saves until way later. If I comment, I'll see it the next time I check out my karma
&gt; rucking   Wow, I'm totally going to start doing this. Never knew it had a name. Thanks!
I refuse to play any table game at any casino that uses an automatic-shuffle machine. Same goes for the automated roulette tables, and any slot machines.  I'm supposed to just trust you that these easily gameable electronic devices are legitimate and that you want me to have the best chance possible to take away from your profits? Fuck outta here.
Not speaking to any other point besides the one u/ducttapehampster said about Penn State being a cult, he is absolutely right. It is very cult like, much more so than any other school I've every seen. 50% of my high school went to Penn State, and nearly every one of them exhibited the same changes in behavior and maintain a level of school pride that rivals most religions.
This was my first thought the second I saw that theory gain traction.  (However, if we live in a simulation, then the flat earth theory makes perfect sense, so I still don't rule it out completely. Just like 99.2%)
I completely agree, and I've contemplated that argument a lot. Just as I have seriously contemplated the official story actually being the official story. And after all is said and done, and all of the pieces of the puzzle have been examined, I lean most towards the hoax theory. But I am in no way certain about any of my ideas. I try to be as fluid with them as possible, so that if I'm presented with legitimate evidence to the contrary I won't dismiss it out of bias.   But I totally see what you are saying.
I'm so in! I've been thinking about doing something like this for a while now, glad to see it's already been started.
Best way to deal with a liar is to calmly and rationally demonstrate that they are lying. The second you start insulting people, you lose at least half of your credibility, even if your points are valid.  Just trying to help you out man, it took me a while to realize this myself.  Edit: And if they continue to lie and start insulting you back, then it's most likely a troll and you shouldn't even waste anymore time arguing with them.
Wow how does this kind of stuff go unnoticed??   Great work OP. If you don't mind me asking, what lead you to this discovery?
So you're 95% democrat... great. My previous statement still stands, you're on a "team".  The only reason I might lean more "right" is because ~~of~~ my background in Economics allows me to understand how unfeasible most solutions are that democrats propose (the answer to fixing a poorly run government is NEVER more government).  Other than that, I support whoever is promoting the more "free" position in any debate. Anyone promoting more control over anyone else, whether it's censorship of speech, raising taxes, telling a woman what she can or can't do with her own body, telling me what substances I can and cannot put into my own body... if the goal is more control, then fuck them. Once you look at it this way, you start to realize that is exactly what both sides are after, only difference is the specific topics.
Your comment just made me realize that I'm already totally addicted to checking my Blockfolio app...
I love this video! I spammed it like 3 times ITT before seeing that you posted it.
