For the record-after several hours of deep reflection-I am not looking forward to this.
I am one year older. This is easily in my top 10 of ask Reddit questions.
Let me be clear, in no way did I mean to dissuade people from voting for him. I hope anyone, everyone votes for someone.    If you look at my original comment, and the question I was replying to- I hope you will see I was not trying to talk anyone out of voting for him. I was only answering a question.  (of course I added my opinion about his chances, and maybe that was more than OP asked.)
Played in the NBA for 10+ years, movies/major endorsements, now hosts an NBA show in a major cable network.    Yeah, he's got some coin.
"When I was last with Mike Nichols.."   Fuck.    To be able to (truthfully) say that sentence..
Here I show my ignorance. Is that a brand or are you asking do I prefer a certain size grip?
How was "sneakers"?    Is you voice still your passport?   Love your work sir!!!!!!
I'm very surprised kids didn't break it up, that was just insane.         Fights in high school often were broken up by other kids (after a bit)
Wrote you a PM.      I didn't see your user name, my bad
Thanks for the reply, unfortunately I'll be at work for several more hours. Mind if I hit you up later on tonight?
I'm with elementary.       It lasted about 2 weeks.
No notes, but I met with a guy in Vegas one time and I wish I could've recorded everything he said.
If I bring in my pre-modded Sultan, do I have to do all the upgrades over again, or are they already in the car at Benny's?  (I.e I already bought a turbo for the car, well I now have to buy it again?)    How many paint job variations are there for the sultan?   The rally lights actually turn on?
You know, I completely agree with you and now I feel kind of bad for making the joke. I was really just joking, I normally don't judge people on their appearance but the tone of the article and the pic....
How, and where in CA, did you get a CCW???
Damn....I'm in the east bay...
No Vietcong never did nothing to me  Edit: I was incorrect, I could have sworn that is what he said.    This is as close as I could find:  "Man, I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet Cong. No Viet Cong ever called me nigger."
Damn.    I just watched a video about him.  I thought the "flat ground Ollie" was a special trick, I didn't know you meant he invented the(to the layman)"Ollie".     No shit he changed everything.  Like inventing the jump shot.
Doing this show when the guy I was with pierced his ear out of nowhere.
You have no idea of the school or the situation.   He could have been security.   I have worked at "schools" for certain types of kids and we were trained on "restraining".       Tile of the school was blue-the kids called restraint "going to the blueberry"
Or no safety (glock owner)
Hahahahah.    I was agreeing with you :)   It's from "goodfellas"
Sadly, ignorance truly knows no bounds. Some people just refuse to except evidence that is right in front of their face. Just last night I was speaking with my roommate who claimed that it was common knowledge that United 93 was shot down. In his opinion, everyone including the government knows and freely admits that the plane was shot down.  Of course this is the same person who thought England had a bigger navy than the United States....
Of course he talks about both of them that way.      I wouldn't leave him in a room with a child.    I honestly think Donald would have no idea what to do.   The kid would be lighting fires and he'd be on Twitter
Have you ever had a chance to handle Richard Turners "gold seal" bike decks?  (He once had bike and bee made). They aren't produced any more.     He used to work for USPCC as a "touch analyst" and he noticed, maybe after the move(?), they had changed their cutting process.    His bikes, use Bee stock  "Unlike most of the cards manufactured today, the cutting blade used in traditionally cut cards starts at the face of each card and punches through to its back. As a result, a sharp edge is created on the backside of each card and a rounded edge, which facilitates a flawless weave during each shuffle, is formed on the card's face. "      I'm a collector, but I'm not just blowing smoke.    These things handle incredibly.         Ever hear of bicycle "mandolins"?  They are the "809" version, very close to the rider back.
Newstead used to live near me (Bay Area), all reports were he was cool as well.   Saw him at Safeway a few times...
California.
USPCC still makes them for every conflict, I've got a deck from "desert shield"
Yes, thank you for that William Sapphire.   The problem was due to posting with my voice on my phone.       :)
One of his good friends is on a hotspot for a few days, and has a "strict" NAT type.   Chat works fine, can play in other people's games.   Just not together....    Thoughts?
Yep, very familiar with Derek.
I'd loved to be charged with affray.    Good word.
Dura my aura, I get a strong sense of what I'd best describe as "deja vu".    And an odd smell, sort of....
Goldeneye.     Odd job, while thought off a good character, was at the perfect head shot height.   Those yellow buttons made me a god on that shit.     Ahh, the days of screen looking, where you watch your friend around the corner and shotty to the face
I’m never see Bob more than crack a smile.   If it gets the crew guys, it has to be good.
Wait, did I come off as a frump supporter?      My worst fears have been realized
It’s really horrible.    Some people, including my roommate, think Muslims are all terrorists who follow sharia law to a T-that all of them stone gay people etc.       People are so dumb.  So ignorant.
Yeah, I’m a big Siri user as well.    I haven’t switched, just wanted to mess with the assistant for a bit.
Same with me.   And I don’t have kids, just worked with them forever.    I was almost shaking with anger the more hits and pulls of hair she did.
I’d assume the allies.   We did a bunch of this stuff, a lot before Normandy-so the Germans wouldn’t know where the invasion was.    Edit-   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dummy_tank  Used in WW1, more use in WW2.
I worked in a shoe store in high school. For us it was   “Find the wall stretcher”- “Oh, it’s not here? I think I let the guy at Macy’s use it”.  Macy’s dude says basically the same, rinse &amp; repeat.
Certainly, and it helps if you know the corner move (some times a bit of paper). But you don’t always know if it has been switched back.  Someone would win with that, and others think they have it figured it out.    There are a few ways to turn a card over.   You (the thrower) can use one of the other cards to turn the chosen card over.  At that point, the card used to flip over the chosen card is switched in a special move.   (These moves can be done incredibly quick, even if you know what to look for.  In many ways, the hand is quicker than the eye)   After all this, people often wonder-it should be obvious after a few.  Then again, if someone gets mad/or just picks up a card, the mob just leaves.  Basically, fuck you.  They have the money, and is someone going to go to the cops and say they just got scammed?  -the corner thing isn’t common, IMO-I’m just interested in this type of stuff, cheating/scams etc.  not something I’d ever do, it’s just an odd hobby.   Edit-here’s a video that shows it, in a magic setting.  Richard Turner does it very, very well.   https://youtu.be/191zMzL0DiI  ....and he’s blind.    (The Bruce dude is cool also :) )
Lufthansa named a plane after two of the airports.  Many Canadians opened up their homes at that time to stranded people.   I think a few towns have reunions.      pretty crazy how it was a frightening time but it seemed like we were all...together.
I was in he same field for a long time.  People truly have no idea.   Every child is different.  Sure, certain techniques serve certain kids better than others, but they are all different.    I doubt many people know some are non-verbal or that some teachers/aids/paras have to wear sleeves to work for the bites and scratches.       Kids are awesome.    What works for joey might not work for max, but we can work it out!
That’s exactly it.  I don’t understand why it’s not supported for this.    Maybe I have the wrong setting on?
No shit? I didn’t know you were such a reader Norm
Thank you!   I guess I’ll be reading for the next 5 years.   The “iron and ice” sounds good, all the others seems incredible as well/but I want to start very slowly.     (On a totally separate question.    A friend of mine believes that physics is “pretty much figured out”.  What would you say to that statement? )
One of them is married to a famous tennis player and was at the royal wedding.   13 years changed a lot
Had a seizure on the couch. Woke up, rolled over and popped my shoulder back into the socket.  It was dislocated  during the seizure.    Holy shit that hurt
Wonderful picture, great smile!   So happy for your family  Edit-not sure why this is downvoted.
