Ah yes the e39 (luxury line?) wheels. My dad has the same ones.
Some people (myself included) do not like the idea of someone else (or machine) washing their car.
&gt; so I went and got the keys from her unlocked drivers side  Your mom keeps her car keys in the car?
Waze, wAze, waZe, wazE, WAZE!  Sorry, I just really like Waze.
It's gonna suck pretty bad for us west coast folk too. 1pm kickoff and 5pm kickoff on a workday?
I'm convinced 880 South -&gt; 237 West is why my company has work from home
&gt; Tough one. SF. Is so appealing, but the recent tech boom has honestly changed the city for the worse and the costs in SF have made it quite unaffordable and crowded. Your budget would not work as well in SF as it might in other parts of the Bay Area as suggested, such as Albany or SR. &gt;   Normally for one of these "where should I live in the Bay" posts I would agree with you and heavily promote the south bay (born and raised), but I wouldn't wish commuting from the South Bay to Marin County on my worst enemy.
I love how these early morning threads never have any Pac12 responses in the first 100 posts because we're all still sleeping.
My car has a twin turbo. That's more "efficient" than two extra cylinders so as far as I'm concerned I have an "efficient" car and thus have no problem parking in the "efficient and clean air" spots.
http://www.german-way.com/travel-and-tourism/driving-in-europe/driving/autobahn/driving-on-the-autobahn/  Mostly rules 1, 3, and 7. Driving in Germany completely changed my perspective on traffic laws and ever since I came back and now know how it SHOULD be done, driving here infuriates me.
oh wow. yeah for us top tier was DG and Alpha Phi
I didn't ask for his source because what he said made sense intuitively to me. You just saying 'he is wrong' is not intuitive.   The manual saying the car should always be jumpstarted from the front seems reasonable. Thank you.
I've never touched the surface. Maybe scratches was the wrong word and I meant, "long narrow streaks" from who knows what.
I saw UCLA flair, and the word "arrested" in the titled and panicked. Don't scare me like that OP!
I'm guessing you're not a programmer. So I'll just say this: be very careful to not just assume someone who knows any programming knows all the ins and outs of software.  More importantly though, software engineering is NOT the same as IT. I'm a software engineer and at my company when your computer "breaks" (very vague I know), you don't fix it yourself, you take it to IT.
oh shit /u/Honestly_ you're Persian too? I can't hate your flair anymore.
This isn't new, Rick told this story publicly even back when he was still the coach.  Hell, I remember seeing him tour recruits on campus all the time. Never saw Mora do that.
You have a lot of money.
yikes that's rough. I wouldn't wish that on my biggest enemy^oh^wait
ITT: my team goes undefeated and wins the national championship while shutting out my rival
Congrats. Getting your dream car with your own money is a fantastic feeling.
My entire work email is acronyms. Let me have this one moment of fully-expanded words.
As an Adidas school, Nike plz come to us we have money I think.
Don't know if LA -&gt; The Bay counts (same state out here, but same distance is like 4 states apart in the east), but if so then I always try and at least go to the UCLA @ Cal/Stanford game in addition to 1 game at the rose bowl.
That was incredibly annoying and rude towards not only McCaffery but also Maria Taylor. Do players not have security for post game interviews they way coaches do? And more importantly, who was this guy if we was allowed on the field? It should be easy to determine since the Rose Bowl does not allow fans to rush the field (from personal experience).
I believe the common "right" train of thought is to never put any money down on a lease. Personally, I have only done $0 down leases.
I was at the Coliseum for Washington @ USC this year. If I had known that was going to be Sark's last game... oh man.
I've always wanted to go to Laguna Seca. What were the costs involved?
Awesome, thanks for the insight!  One last question, do you mind if I ask what company you used for track insurance?
Yes I agree with that. But I also don't think speeding is nearly as big of a problem as inattentive and otherwise less-skilled drivers are. I've driven in Europe where they have no speed limits and I felt more safe driving 150 mph in Germany than I do driving 80 mph here. And the difference is the drivers around me. We simply give out drivers licenses way too easily, and the result is a ton of people driving who really shouldn't be. If you can't handle an zipper merge into 80 mph traffic starting at 0 mph, you shouldn't be driving here.
brb, booking a flight to Louisiana
It's just a bizzare concept to someone born and raised in California. Over here it's 21 or gtfo
I get paid bi-weekly too. For monthly budgeting:  monthly income = paycheck * 26 / 12
I've traveled plenty haha. Just tend to go out of country instead of out of state.   Also, in case you ever come out here, don't call it "Cali" :).
So sorry to hear this. RIP.
I don't really follow recruiting (I didn't know who Mique Juarez was until today), so someone else can probably answer this better than I can.
&gt; Between my wife and I, we make approximately between $3,800 to $4,000 a month.  Before or after tax? If before, there's your answer.  &gt; I was hoping someone would give me some advice, some recommendations on even apps I can use to have a better control of what I spend and cannot spend, something to open my eyes and give me a clear view of what we need to change.  Mint.com
Christian McCaffery. I was there live too... good god.
That's what working from home is for
For the Rose Bowl? Well BUR would be geographically, followed by LAX. But my comment was really in jest, I fly into ONT quite often as my gf's parents live about 15 minutes away.
I switched to Michelin Pilot Super Sports year-round. Best decision ever.
I remember going to opening night of the first Harry Potter movie at Century 21. Line went around the entire dome and then some.
Aside from something unrealistic (like getting TCU's OC), this is the best-case scenario for me.   Polamalu is hands-down my favorite position coach, he's really elevated our RB play and I think he totally deserves this promotion. Excited to see his scheme design. Since Mazzone was hospitalized in Dec., Polamalu designed some scheme for the Foster Farms Bowl which was used on the first drive. That first drive was also probably our most exciting offense drive of the season outside the Arizona game.   Tui, well, nothing needs to be said. Dude is a stud when it comes to recruiting, but more importantly, anyone is an upgrade to coach Josh Rosen compared to Taylor Mazzone.
But your original point is still spot-on. When I was a student, it was common that over 2/3rds of my friends/classmates didn't care about football let alone go to the games.
Cables are bullshit. They're guaranteed to last one use and then break.    Well that's what the auto store guy told me anyways so I bought his chains. They broke the first time I used them.
Yes, that's what I've heard too. They live a couple blocks away from Mora.
That's why I laugh when people in California use seat warmers. My car even has a heated steering wheel, what the hell?
Sorry I'm one of those people who actually likes Musberger, Fowler, Johnson, Lundquist, etc.
We felt bad for Notre Dame so we decided to give them a break for a year.
Everytime I get a loaner I try and be friendly with the guy and ask him if he has anything better than a stripper 320i or 328i, and he always says no :(.
