Popped em with my lips.
If you have a gmail custom domain you can do similar things with the wildcard address... I have a filter set up on the catchall that forwards and deletes all mail to xxxx-ZZZZ@cusromdomain.com to xxxx@customdomain.com, where ZZZZ is any string. This is like using the +, but + is hard to stick into web forms.
Been using family Italian as dressing and Marinade for years.
Sam is now 23.
Well he has me beat. I was in 6th grade and watched it on TV.
I suspect for now we put Schoop on the 60 day disabled, he has been out since mid April.... I think that Pearce is gonna need to trip in the dugout and go on the 15 day disabled though. Peace is either hurt or a .199 hitter and neither of those is gonna stick.  I think Parades and Navarro are our backup infielders until Schoop comes back.
Whatcha gonna do. We lost 4 games by 6 runs.    It hurts that the pitcher we sent to Boston is doing better than Harvey, Bundy and maybe Gaussman but dems da breaks.  At least we didn't trade Yoenis Cespedes.  I am almost hoping for us to suck into August, Having traditionally crappy teams like the Astros and Minnesota doing well means there is some opportunity to loot other teams high draft choices.
What did Cleveland ever do to you?   I am hoping for Lebron to cary the team on his back to get Cleveland a trophy, I am a sap for happy endings., and have zero irons in the NBA fire.
I find myself oddly excited about Reimold. I sat next to his wife on a flight once, they seem like good people. Nice kids. I would be delighted if he ends his career with a few great seasons. Not only because we kind of need him to.
I suspect our last 7 game win streak was in 2012.
Handed the ball to the kid. Man.
Please god, I don’t ask you for much, okay that was a lie, but please let Reimold stay healthy for a a few seasons. He is a nice guy, do it for him.
For future reference, I prefer a less stressful game.
The one time I went to a game at Fenway, back around 1988 I would say, I saw a guy throw a cup of beer into the face of a foul-mouthed grey haired old lady. She was wearing a Yankees hat in the bleachers so she may or may not have been asking for it.
I peed myself with that foul down the line.
For Sale: 1 case of champagne. Still cold.
We were soooo bad in 87. This was the season we started 0-21.
I have it. They black out all the Os games if your IP address seems to be from inside the Os broadcast area.
They could have really fucked mom on the "Dealer Costs".
Thats muh boy.
I do not know. We kept Flaherty on our playoff rosters in 2012, and in fact he was fairly productive.
Jose Bautista was our rule V draft selection in 2003.
I wouldn't be surprised. As awful as this is for us as fans, it is worse for him. He wants to win. He is on the verge of being demoted from #1 starter to long relief. I cannot imagine anything as frustrating as being out there all alone and giving the Jays back 6 runs in an inning.
I kinda felt sorry for Gregg by the end of his tenure here. He was well aware that he was a ridiculously overpaid failed closer. I mean he made quite a lot of money for pissing off the fans, and I wanted to slap those stupid glasses off his face at times, but what was he to do? Not take the money? It wasn't like he wanted to be completely ineffective.   In 2012 Buck used him as a toxic waste sponge. When we were behind by 5 and our starter was shook with no outs and runners in scoring position and every pitch they threw made things worse, and the fans were getting ugly, Gregg went out and took the lumps. He traded runs for outs and ended the dirty innings. He talked to the young pitchers when they had bad days and helped them put things in perspective.        He wasn't whining that he wasn't getting save situations or short leads, he was doing his best when he could and talking the kids off the ledges when they had a bad day. His departing words made me a little sad. "Sometimes free agency doesn't work out for anyone."       So I will say it. I like Kevin Gregg. I am ungodly happy that I will never see his astro-glasses in the 9th inning, but I wish him well.
I am not sure Bundy is ever going to produce. He was electric in a few games in 2012, but then he has had Tommy Johns since then and seems a bit fragile. Not what you want to see from a college arm.
Just heard, that sucks. Looks like he has about a 75% prognostic factor, which is a good fighting swing at it, but he is very sick.
I love the sound of balls bouncing off the BGM scoreboard. I picture some guy scrambling around picking up numbers inside.
Hows you mother?...
Have her call me, okay?
What is irritating to the eyes are Chlorimates, chlorine bonded with nitrogen. Urine, dirt, leaves and grass are all sources. Chlorimates still kill germs, but the are irritating. You need to shock them out of the water by bumping the chlorine very high.  As long as the PH levels are good you can have a high level of chlorine without irritation. When the water is a bit cloudy and smells really "chloriney"  then you know that the chlorimates are high and will be irritating.  This concludes my Pool Operators license skills.
Whellp. bunch of Chinamen know all about my arrest record.
I am going to get my garden gnomes or die trying.
Though....  http://www.masnsports.com/steve-melewski/2015/06/during-brief-camden-yards-visit-jonathan-schoop-said-hes-ready-to-return-to-os.html   "I feel like I am better than before. I feel stronger and faster than before and like I am a better player than before. I'm ready for sure."
The Reverend Jesse Jackson invented this phrase, and it was an attempt to make it a cultural term, like irish american or italian american. It was a failure on many levels, I pretty much stuck to black myself.
I went to a double header in 1989 that lasted 12 hours. Went to the memorial stadium bar in between games.
Look. I had to see it, why should you all be spared?
Great game. Now, clear that stadium. Look under every chair, inside every store. I will have my Buck Gnomes. I am going to give them names and back stories and they will have adventures in my front yard and living room.
https://www.dropbox.com/s/4vf2afnr2uq191p/zvart-laconi%27buck.png?dl=0   His name is Zvarrt Laconi'Buck of the Sho'Walten clan.
He scared me a little when he said....  "What do you like about it." . I expected him to corner Ed and say, "I make you laugh, how? Do I amuse you? Like a clown?"  Buck is a complex fellow. He seems to really dislike being in the spotlight. He has no problems with discussing baseball, or the game. or anything like that, but he REALLY doesn't like it to be about him.  I imagine that some of that is how things went in NYC. He went from being worshipped, being on Seinfeld, to being thrown out like garbage and forgotten about.   So he understands the honor, but he is definitely annoyed. Dear god I love this man.  I am also making good my promise to name my Gnomes and have adventures with them in the yard.  https://www.dropbox.com/s/4vf2afnr2uq191p/zvart-laconi%27buck.png?dl=0   His name is Zvarrt Laconi'Buck of the Sho'Walten clan.
That is a fine looking floppy hat. Sadly I have a 7 3/4 hat size, and giveaway hats fit me like Mr. Potato-head's hats do.
My son was once given a bible after he said he didn't want it. He idly leafed thru it and then threw it in the trash as he walked out the door. Lost a few friends, gained a legend I am told.
Got one, thanks. At no point do I lick the asscracks of long dead racists though, so if that is part of your definition of "life" I am fine without.
We used to have one that turned on a rotisserie turner in the oven. Never had the spit parts though.
I don't know about extraordinarily negative, but I certainly can feel a buzz after high MSG intake. I enjoy it mostly, but I feel it.
Someone who actually has raised a child who freaks out about this is a real pearl clutcher, or perhaps a victim of emotional neglect. Someone who has never raised a child, well if you plan to, I will just smirk and wait for you to have a toddler.
I remember days where I would have murdered a hobo to get 15 minutes alone to take a fucking shower.
Raising a child is the real adulthood, previous to that you are kind of a grown up middle schooler. Well, for most people it is, I have met plenty of folk (saints or total douchebags all) whom it didn't change much.
When I worked at CompUSA some guy returned a box full of rocks to the store. New policy, open the box and verify a computer before it goes out.
One of the other players in my AD&amp;D campaign DMed it for us, I was the usual DM. We all died. I retroactively edited the event from history.
Novell Netware 3.11, file and print.  I was a CNE at one point of my life (guess I still am) and I remember when we started replacing the servers with Windows NT. It was shortly after this that I first heard the phrase "reboot shcedule".
