&gt; I did jump the gun before I even started the design process and picked up some reefers at a hobby store that was closing out for ~$6 per car. I believe they would be used to ship beer, no?   IIRC beer is shipped in insulated boxcars, if it's shipped by rail at all these days, as it doesn't need to be cooled just protected from extreme temperatures. I think produce and fruit would be more likely.
You will be working weekends and some weeknights. If you tell them you cant work weekends you won't get hired, if you request weekends off, they'll simply not schedule you. What you can most likely expect is to be scheduled 3 to 6 nights a week, including Friday and Saturday, for five or six hours each day. When they get slow they will send you home. If they're busy they may very well call you in on an off day. You will still have plenty of free-time but it will be at odd times and at times you can't schedule other activities. It's not particularly fair, but that's what you can expect.  The donut shops may be the opposite with you scheduled for *very* early mornings instead of nights, but the rest wlll be the same.
Just like me. There's nothing like some freshly cracked traffic almonds.
Can confirm. My grandfather volunteered to die fighting the Nazi's for fundamentalist's rights to cover up incestuous child molestation.
I had a similar save problem and can't remember at the moment exactly how I fixed it, nor find the original solution I used. When trying to save I would press the button and it would appear to save at first, but after a second it would stop saving and nothing would appear in the list nor in the file system. Autosaves wouldn't save either.  It was something to do with the game trying to save to Virtual Memory before saving to the hard drive, if I recall correctly. There was a setting I had to change somewhere, maybe via command prompt. I might have had to change the game settings to not compress the save files automatically too. I believe I found the solution somewhere in the Steam forums after searching unsuccessfully on Paradox's own forums, if you want to try to search around.   The frequent crashes went mostly away too when I solved it, though being a Paradox game there are always some. I'll search around some more when I get a chance as I'm pretty sure it's the same problem.  edit: [Here it is.] (http://steamcommunity.com/app/203770/discussions/0/34096318697220052/) Try and see if that helps.
The Medicine worked! No more cold for OP's mom! Praise God
How the hell do you have time for anything while working in a restaurant?
I've heard they don't even need those suits. Apparently their planet is quite lovely.
As a trained forensic fotologist I can confirm, it's the original. I can detect no fotoshooped traces of any kind.
TIL dogs can eat slow. I've only ever had Golden Retrievers.
Maybe if I'd recently suffered massive head trauma.
Sure. I'm not picky.
Remember that day we went hunting for little green ghouls and found three?
In 1999 I watched the date bar on the local cable company's information and advertising channel change the date. Everything changed from the day of the week to the millennium. And yes, it was as awesome as it sounds.
I'd shoot myself three times for having committed the sin of associating with Olly, even if only incidentally.
Pass. I prefer my steaks in an arcade setting.   Preferably while chugging single-serving bottles of wine.
I was terrified of the Wizard of Oz and Miracle on 34th Street as a child so I'm basically suing everyone who has ever written or been associated with a work of fiction I've read and/or watched. Gene Wilder is first up for Charlie and the Chocolate Factory.
This is my new favorite picture ever.
Somebody send me 200 pizzas stat or I'm gonna die. PM for address.
Yeap nothing like dreaming about your retirement to a run-down house you share with three roommates in a low-end neighborhood.   Also you might be able to do it in your invincible twenties. In your sixties when you're dropping a couple hundred a month on medicine to keep yourself alive before your Medicare deductible kicks in, not so much.
You turned 13 today? Happy birthday!   Somebody get this kid some birthday gold since he won't be able to get a credit card for five more years to buy it himself.
You would have heard about it from the 8 million redditors (myself included) repeating the theme song lyrics in the comments of every thread on the site.
I'd do it even though I have little faith in him producing if he's traded away from Coors.
Snow will be cleared as it falls and will be cleared well before Sunday morning (assuming it does indeed stop Saturday evening as currently forecast) but there will still likely be delays for blowing snow or ice or delays from planes getting held up elsewhere. The airlines seem to be advising people to reschedule travel through Sunday. I'd probably expect to land but with the possibility of serious delays, in my entirely non-expert opinion since you didn't get anyone else answering.
I'll have you know my egos are much, much bigger than tangerines. They're like fucking planets.
I spent quite a bit of time trying to figure out what Don Johnson had to do with it.  edit: Some of those reviews are quite, ah, unique. Who buys a 12" dildo-fist for their roommate? "Would've given it a five star but the wife is creeped out by it" Really, you're surprised your wife was creeped out by the ginormous PVC female pornstar's hand you bought for her? Apparently it's also heavier than a real hand, thus rendering it useless for some reason.
I'm sure that'll really sting 8 years ago.   At least you were classy about it though.
That's why I never look at the back of the drivers license. No guilt that way.
Aunt actually. Or at least maybe.
If they can find $400,000 of my money I'd be pretty god-damn impressed. Maybe even impressed enough to join them. I can barely even find enough to go food shopping most of the time.
I was confused. Then I thought I'd turned on the *Pillars of the Earth* miniseries when I saw Ian McShane.
Is it from Night of the Living Dead perhaps? Zombie movies aren't really my thing, so I don't for certain, but there's a slew of emergency broadcasts in the movie.
Thankfully the farm system is already pretty barren of good prospects. I do still wish we had Josh Hader, however, even though he'd probably be on his 8th Tommy John surgery and have a 7 ERA if we'd have tried to develop him.
They don't really care if you could reinjure yourself only that you can currently perform it. The second rule is can you be retrained to perform a different job. Age and education are the most important factor in that one, at 50+ they're probably not going to expect you to find a lower impact job, at 32 they're probably going to find you fit to take a low impact job for an office or call-center job, even if it pays substantially less.
My knees hurt just imagining putting cars on the track. I can't imagine all the building, grading, gardening, and upkeep.
Considering most of them probably just switched over from listening to Rush or Hannity scream about immigrants and blacks, it's not entirely shocking that the people who care enough to call into a radio show are a combination of morons, racists, and concern trolls - at least the ones who aren't outright mentally unbalanced.   I've never once felt unsafe in Baltimore and the statistics agree with me that as white male non-gang member who isn't actually in the ghetto there's almost no chance I'm in any danger of my life and only a slight danger of being mugged or assaulted.
You'll more than likely be just fine without vaccinations, especially if you're in the richer tourist area and not drinking literal raw sewage source in some rural/mountain jungle village. On the off chance you do get sick, Mexico has doctors and hospitals, and nothing you would get vaccinated for is really life threatening assuming you're a healthy young person. In reality, you'd probably even be back home before you came down with any symptoms as Tyhoid and Hep A both have incubation periods in the weeks to month range.  I would avoid street food, drink only bottled water, not swim in any rivers or lakes, vigilantly wear insect repellent, and wash your hands often/carry some antibacterial hand cleanser just to be safe but wouldn't really be worried.
Protip: If you write boner instead you only have to write 'B' and 'R'. The "ONE" is already there.   It's always hilarious when some little old lady pulls out a stack of bills and the one on the bottom has boner written on the bottom and she never sees it because it is on the back.
I have the opposite problem, I fail to look at the dimensions and a few days later an enormous, odd shaped box arrives on the porch. I ~~think~~ know my mail lady probably hates me.
So much for my new years resolution of not fapping to every picture I see of a hot celebrity in a suitcase.
Based Fabio.  Dude is a pretty good sport. They've made him do some pretty ridiculous stuff.
I've been looking for a good sex cult. Do you know how I can join?
&gt;That is insanely low. $55/month?  My health insurance was that low once too. It's what happened when you were a healthy 20 year old male. Over the course of the next 10 years it rose roughly 20% a year to well over $250 a month.
All the best photogs use an iPhone. I had my wedding pictures done with an iPhone 5.
&gt; HSA's are the GOP's favorite talking point, but they neglect to acknowledge how little most Americans would be able to save.   Should I eat this month? Nah, I'll contribute to my HSA. Plus I'll be able to count my contribution against the taxes I'm way, way too poor to pay. HSA's are the biggest joke ever, no one who actually needs an HSA makes enough to regularly contribute to one.
I had no idea Donald Trump was in this movie.
What if I'm literally Hillary Clinton?
12 hours? I got banned in 20 seconds.
Man, remember the good 'ol Ron Paul days of reddit when we spent hours circlejerking about and/or hardcore bashing the Gold Standard. How young and naiive we were back then...
I grew up next to a dirt poor trailer park in rural Appalachia. Same story, (slightly) different setting.
