ehhh kind of semantics i guess. currently without this method, you can play it once on a specific map. with this method that valve didn't make public you can do it whenever you want on a variety of them.   I don't really care whether it's a leak or not. Glad OP posted though it's kinda fun and I'd like to be able to mess with it more than just the one time.
They've already been doing this for at least 2 years+. It has always been in their catalogs. For select ssds/ram it lists a price when bought in a combo. It just doesn't advertise it elsewhere. I got that combo when I put my PC together a long while ago.
i bet the same way! I've even made some money off some luck (opened a tf2 hat with a free key long ago and sold for $100).   When I'm watching a game I've bet on, you've never seen someone care so much about .08 before!
I think I'm just really trying to figure out a way to continue to see her and not get hurt lol...  Initially my emotions were in check. Maybe not so much anymore... I think you've brought me to the same crux that I got to typing all of that out. Thanks.
I like that. Leaves the judgement out. Opinion-less.  I used to follow more closely and think, at least by my standards, I got pretty good at figuring real odds. It was all from watching a ton and seeing how teams fared against eachother. Beyond that and the random technical detail (a team is very good/bad at a map, stand-in, etc.) I think people buy into "noisey" details too much and it skews lounge odds.  It's like "Hey - here is all of the relevant information organized in one place for you to make a judgement on."   That being said, I guess you're right that it isn't very substantial *analysis* but I find it much more useful than someone giving their opinion based off facts (or not) that they don't flesh out in their post. I frankly put very low value in other people's opinions on real odds (I think most people suck at it), but I do appreciate someone who can summarize the relevant facts.
i've been gn 4 for several weeks as well. won about 60% of those games and I'm top of the leader board almost every game. A handful of those have been with friends above my rank where I have also done well.  Not a complaint - just echoing that mg has a fairly substantial barrier to get into. I've been surprised at about every win for 2 weeks that I haven't ranked up lol
this is nice to read man. happy for you. compared to my relationship with alcohol (which has terminated) my tobacco relationship has been working quite well lol. That is comparatively, mind you. It's such a big expense and, while generally acclimated, I can at times really feel the effects it has on my body. The more I've come to smoke the less I enjoy each cigarette.
trying to switch from cigs to vaping. pick me!
Ya I hear that. I've learned that instead of waiting for motivation to come I just gotta take some action lol. I've waited a long time for motivation to come in different aspects in my life. Long enough to realize it's never going to and I just have to do something lol
meh idk man. I guess it depends on how you look at it. I had a little over $3 when katowice stickers went on sale for .25. Just sold all 15 for around $13. I know that's more than 50%, but if you can double your money every couple months that's a pretty fat steam wallet after a year.
"wish me luck"  the nerve of that guy. he's not my *real* dad.
what resolution/settings though? 800 x 600 everything low?  at 1366X768 with an i7 2760qm and a k2000m @ low/medium settings I average about 100.
Thanks man. I'll look into libraries. I have the A+ on my radar. I'm currently unemployed though so I didn't want to add the extra expense (considering finding something non-IT so I could get certs + experience, contacts, etc.).  I actually decided to put windows server 2012 r2 in a virtual machine to tinker around with active directory after seeing it mentioned so much. Haven't gotten it all setup yet, but it's kind of confirmation in itself that this is probably a good venture for me lol (quite directionless for a long time, recently felt IT was the right direction).
definitely worth checking out. especially since you wont find it for cheaper (assuming HM is as cheap as it gets over there too...).   Found [these swimtrunks](http://www.hm.com/us/product/31206?article=31206-A#article=31206-A) in store a few weeks ago after seeing they were sold out online.
my chippewa Apaches cut into my shins initially, but only for a few days then everything was fine. cant comment on the other question though
Well I can't say that I know for a fact that there are no exceptions. And there is nothing wrong with being tall and skinny, but if it's something you want to change I think it can be done. Measuring weight from 1 day to the next isn't very useful - there is just so much variance. You have to look at it by the week. At a 500 caloric surplus you should gain 1 pound per week.   I know for myself I will binge but eat less meals. It seems like I eat a lot to myself and even others, but in reality the number of calories is going to be less than someone who eats 3-4 high calorie meals a day with several high calorie snacks. Frankly, I'm just lazy, cheap, and heavily sedate my appetite with coffee and cigarettes.
I had good luck with this at a local credit union. I had zero credit to my name.  Initially when I set up my account I talked to some associate about a credit card and they advised I'd need to start with a secure card. I didn't opt into it at the time.  A couple months ago, and after ~6 months of using the bank, I went in to apply for a credit card and talked to the branch manager. I talked to him about wanting to build credit and asked what my options were. He set me up with a regular card, not a secured card.  Establish a relationship with a local bank and approach it, as you are here, as a responsible financial move. If you go in with that attitude (instead of "i need more money") then they will probably be happy to help you by escalating your case beyond the automated channels.
"hey dad I got you a present."
sorry man i have to leave you on that one. it's either anything i can scrounge up straight to my face until I can't find my face anymore or nothing. Thankfully the past several years it has been nothing.
swag is 2nd highest paid in NA, just saying
&gt;After being denied a visitor’s visa, he joined Team Dragon Knights as a substitute to obtain an athlete’s visa.  I had no clue people in esports could get athlete's visas.   Also, can someone clarify whether or not they will be moving to NA?
then i guess im talking out of my ass on that point. i thought LG had more experience on it. guess nih is 1-1 (all lat month) and lum is 2-1 (2 last month 1 this month).
I really hate 2560 x 1080... it just feels so wrong! This is a sweet setup though!
i just bought 1 of each (only had enough for that amount anyways).  The popular teams definitely tended to have a higher price. fnatic, vp, and tsm as they established themselves. red was popular too. envy was on the low end, penta, etc. I think for a lack of popularity and especially the color scheme (although TSM is very dull - but org has strong following and they played extremely well).
dude that last point is really important. odds are prone to be off with a lot of 'noise' and 'hype.'  also, get the lounge odds out of your head. After simply watching a ton of games (and betting with mixed results) I started looking at hltv for matches then writing down my odds. When it got close to game start I would compare my odds to lounge and verify there weren't any stand-ins or other crazy factors then place bets accordingly.
i used to be the same way. that was when i first started and got into it. can't necessarily account for why (maybe the novelty just wore off) but the urge has subsided considerably. makes it much easier to discern what is a good bet if you're not set on betting from the outset.
this is kind of off topic but I was thinking about a project that would include putting csgolounge live/past matches into a database.  i saved the csgolounge.com/api/matches as a .csv but I open it in excel and it's all on 1 line -_- I imagine turning it into a .csv would be a lot more workable than making some sort of sraper, right? I understand that's usually what you do if there is not API...   I have no idea what I'm doing... lol
and toy using xbox controller. i mean he does pretty well considering but still  edit: oh nevermind I thought you were referring to the 5-9 main team
it's awful cant get it working in livestreamer. anyone else have luck with that?
its good for me now. try reloading again
So long as a close loss is considered a success, there is no huge step forward.  Listen, I'm happy C9 showed up and was competitive. That's something we've rarely seen from them internationally in the past. But they made a lot of mistakes they very reasonably could have avoided. I'm disappointed in them for not winning because they very conceivably could have.
i have a friend IRL that hates jokes too
&gt; I'm from Canada  oh god even worse
celebrate for me. recently chrome forced some sync with my google account and steam considered the browser a new device (activating steam-guard so a 7 day trade ban).  I had the match page cached on this machine. I saw the great odds with 5 minutes left and ran up to my laptop. Opened the match and bets were closed. Ran back downstairs, placed a bet on the cached page, then had to run back upstairs and accept on my laptop before the lounge extension automatically tried to accept which would have voided the trade.  That's my little story. It was a big win for me lmao. Now that I think of it I could have just accepted on my desktop from the steam client though... lol
just asked fl0m on stream. said he's not. but he did confirm that he's  going to tell his friend to come over to play gamecube but it will actually be an intervention. so if you're his friend, be careful. It would probably be wise to set up a reverse-counter intervention.
i edited my comment significantly... took me a while. had to learn some math lol. kind of says something completely different now (namely odds of winning bo3 based off single map win %).
You will regret your bets often if you're using other people's judgment. If you play the odds, you need to be confident about them. If you're just listening to what other people say and then it doesn't turn out how they said then you're immediately going to regret it..  By my estimation TSM was a good value. I'm disappointed they have lost this game so poorly but I don't regret the bet based off all of the information I had prior to the game.
2 out of 3. the 2 wins were this month (both overtime) with the loss coming a couple of months ago. not much to go off but thought id add some details.
Was definitely thinking about a Titan bet because I think these teams are in very similar form atm, but Titan really has not been inspiring on cache. Over the past week they have lost 2-16 to Dig in the series deciding map, beat SK only 16-13 (not bad but definitely not good) and lost to NIP 16-8.  However, about 2 weeks ago, they beat fnatic 19-15. I guess I would put VP as a small favorite atm. 58-42 maybe.
you will on underdogs. I make lots of bets in that range and over the last month particularly, I've gotten the *exact* amount almost every time.  But of course on bigger and bigger overdogs you're likely going to get less and less (and nothing, as you say).
agreed. titan is playing well today which means *something* but I think odds tend to read too much into this. Overall Navi is definitely the stronger team still. Seeing as odds are now 55/45 titan I will place a bet on Navi if they hold. Hopefully titan shows up strong against VP -- not only because I bet on them but because it should shift odds more lol  edit: just saw Guardian is out (and that would explain odd shift more than titans performance). probably skipping.
No, it was 15-18% when I looked. I estimated their odds were ~20% and like to leave a 5% margin of error to account for the fact that I can't really know real odds so I skipped. But still, I feel like if F3 gets below a certain threshold I should just place *something* on them, regardless of the circumstance.
aizy skins aizy life
lol what? god i have been out of this game too long. s1mple to liquid is just outrageous
i've used bluestacks. it's not terrible, but there are serious functionality issues with lots of apps and it OFTEN prompts you to download apps. It's annoying and takes up a lot of space if you aren't diligent about deleting them.  As far as I know it's the best one out there, though. Perhaps this droid4x is better.
I like my anytime fitness. Switched about a month ago. It's much smaller (1 squat/bench) and the equipment isn't quite as nice but you can't beat 5 mins from home and very light usage. Occasionally I'm the only person using weights, and once the only person in the gym at all.
which might mean now. i mean no one knows when the next operation is but it's got to be due soon. you'd think...
I've been to Japan and never heard a term that summed up that idea... it's just not a talking point here (at least as an explicit phrase). Social cohesion. Why not? Even if it's low you could talk in terms of it increasing.  Really interested in reading this, thanks.
When you said "side income" I thought you meant you monetize the data you pull (or what you do with the data you pull, rather). Anyways, cool project.
&gt; Just yesterday i read a piece about how the proper way to invest in oil right now is to hand pick stocks and stay away from ETF's/index/mutual funds. Reason? Because in ETFs/Index/Mutual s you pick the good and the bad which limits your gains. Literally every single source of actual data on investing is that hand picking stocks is a sure way to lose money...  Well this makes sense if you want to place a bet purely on the price of oil. Why wouldn't you want a stock that's value is very closely tied to the price of oil if you were buying because you thought it would rise sharply?  I'm new to this too so tell me if I'm missing something, but individual stocks are risky because they're volatile. Both ways.
