Hi Bet. I'm Sam
Yeah you're stacked. I'm also pumped about my dynasty squad. Harper Springer Buxton Arenado Mookie Gallo Seager in my NA farm slot
Hello, I love your version "thug newt", but now it looks like some stupid copyright or something muted the audio on youtube.  Do you have a link to the video without going through youtube?  Thanks
As someone who just moved away from humidity, bring on the dry warmth
I'm surprised they didn't send you a bill
What kind of 16 year old finds a bong and tells their parents?
I've been around the world, and I assure you that only stupid people are breeding
I couldn't believe it until I had it, but they do a great prime rib night
If we're counting documentaries, "Making a Murderer" had me riled up with sadness and anger for at least a couple days
I'm pretty sure everyone is in on the joke.
ha same. I thought that was new slang for pussy
I always thought it meant to watch out for them. Probably screaming and cheerios flying around in there
Yeah but there are 40 year olds who aren't grown up mentally. I do not know what my point is. I think I'm just trying to justify boning 15 year old upton
I'd first check the Pacific Northwest
Actually, Don Ferentino for those who were curious
Wow. Do you have a nice format for a wallpaper... for my home?
Thank you. I was about to look into what the hell marijuana rehab even is
Ha. It's been a long day
Campbell's Island just outside Moline, IL
I have Quick, Anderson, Howard, and Lehner :/
I'm not pro-Trump, I've just come to terms with the results, and I want to root for our country to succeed. What I am against is all this petty bickering about Trump supporters being dumb
Yeah I was just kidding. To me, the bed looks like potpourri and hay
I am simply responding to the comment that seems to be surprised Trump supporters are in a Politics discussion, as if this sub is typically reserved for liberal democrats
No problem. I always know what you're thinking
Thanks. I was planning on sleeping tonight
But I don't wanna be a pirate!
I feel like it's too far from the bathroom
I want some Tyrod
Ugh, such is life. Thanks for chiming in with support.
31 here. Grew up cruising around in packs on huffys and dynos. Mostly into the woods, to friend's houses, and to 7-11
yeah I'm at 428 and I'm thinking I should probably get to bed
I would just approach it as being obnoxiously compliant. "Hello my non-gendered friends!"
When Ron had sex the night before, he has an easy time not blowing his load too soon. When Ron hasn't cum in awhile, it's more difficult for him to not blow his load too soon. He mitigates this risk by preferring a top position so he can control the pace.
I know it is political. I meant that saltiness doesn't just come from pro-Trump, it also comes from apolitical people just trying to enjoy their day. And yes, I have similar frustration when the city gridlocks due to those events as well.
I'm apolitical, so I don't have a stance on his policies. Whether a republican or democrat is in office, my life does not change. I choose to live on the sidelines, and not get hot and bothered about politics. I was just commenting on the general habits of voters.
I am legitimately curious about what rights are in danger, so cut the attitude. I am unaware of the exact issues women are taking with Trump. I don't follow news.
No, I am going to continue to live here and occasionally complain when I am inconvenienced
I do not live downtown, but I have to go through to get from work to my house
I know. I work long hours, and only like watching sports and seinfeld.
Torn MCL, out for 8-10 months
I was trying to imply that it's a death sentence to straight up tell a president to fuck off
Appreciate it. We're gonna be just fine. Best of luck to you too
I only watch sports and seinfeld
Claim on unemployment statistics: [http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/02/news/economy/may-jobs-report-us-economy/index.html](http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/02/news/economy/may-jobs-report-us-economy/index.html)  Rising housing prices: [https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2017/05/30/home-prices-housing-market/354486001/](https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/2017/05/30/home-prices-housing-market/354486001/)  The construction piece was anecdotal from my uncle, and I can't find any supporting sources, so I'll concede that point.  Let me know if you have any questions. Thanks
That's fair. I didn't know there were personal attacks. I'm all for an aggressive hunt for the truth so long as innocent people aren't bothered along the way
Not my Jew
I will not live in fear
I am actually a half black/half mexican transsexual muslim refugee, so I do what I want
Thank you. PM me for instructions on how to send reparations
Holding down the fort in Portland. People are in a comatose trance
