Flying (a plane).  Too damn much $$$$$.
I actually like it.  I'd totally build a house like that if I had the $$.
Fat, loud women with regrettable tattoos.  I'd be in heaven here if I was.
Photographer for a "classy" nude website like MET ART or FEMJOY.
"BTW, my private jets run on unicorn farts."
Nope.  You call the police and request "no contact".  You don't want the neighbors to know it was you that called in case they're psycho.
Stevie Nicks.  (I'm older than you)
Sorry for bothering you, *sir*.
I'm old.  My body is as flexible as a bowl of corn flakes.  I don't even know what the fuck that means.
Holy shit.  I have just found what shall be my signature prank!
Yeah, I got mine that way and it works surprisingly well.
There was a whole bunch of those Nuclear Peril songs in the 50's.  I made a playlist of them and listened to it on a road trip to check out a decommissioned Titan I missile silo in Eastern Washington.
Ok...my mom and I used to go to the Mid-Way Swap Meet outside Seattle.  Mom used to look at costume jewelry at the various stalls.  Gary Ridgeway, The Green River Killer used to take jewelry from his murdered victims and sell it at the Mid-Way Swap Meet about the time we used to go there.  It's quite likely that Mom may have bought something from him that came from a murdered victim.  I also worked with Ted Bundy's mother.
I only ran into her a few times.  She didn't bring it up and I sure didn't.
The great view of it in my rear-view mirror.
He got drunk and wrapped his car around a telephone pole and died in Jr. year.  Guy was a dick, I shed no tears.
...And then the other drivers filling up their cars started applauding and one of them was the President of Harvard and gave my son a full scholarship.  He's now a surgeon for Doctors Without Borders and married to the Princess of Argentina.
My youth.
Shaving.
To Mom and Dad.  I'm sorry that I was a disappointment to you.
I shall name her Loopy Lupe.
Don't worry, the C fell off of the Charmacist sign.  I usually just avoid the smarmy fuckers.
I won't poop in a public restroom unless it's an emergency.  If I'm at work, I'm more relaxed than if at a restaurant because there is less chance of someone walking in.
My rapier wit.
Yeah.  I'm looking at used cars and I found the ideal one but don't have the cash right now.  When I do have the money, I won't be able to find one like this and have to settle for something lesser and always regret missing the first one.
I am tired of the shaming/acceptance paradigm.  Don't demand that I approve anything about you and don't give me shit when I don't.
"...I would have been even more embarrassed to tell her just HOW I had given birth to a baby opossum two weeks ago.  Let's just say that I didn't choose the name Chernobyl randomly."
Aw, Chloe!  You're breaking my heart!
Sorry...after "throwing shade" I couldn't continue.  I rolled my eyes so hard, I think they're stuck.
Probably not.  I'm the kind of guy who's OFF switch does not work very well.  As it is, I have never even tried pot or anything stronger.  I avoid alcohol as much as possible lest I develop a "habit" that I don't want because it would be very difficult for me to stop.  It's better that I just lock myself in a padded room so I don't hurt myself or anyone so I also avoid nearly all human contact.
I had no idea rap artists were so superstitious or Italian.
"I'm walking to the food bowl!"
Welding.  A lot of times I've had a great idea for a project, but I'm stopped by lack of welding skills.  Drilling holes and using bolts isn't always a solution.
Yes.  I am terrified of hearing something with which I might disagree.
Mitch: You ever been in love?  Curly: Once. I was driving a herd across the panhandle. Texas. Passed near this little dirt farm right about sundown. Out in the field was this young woman, working down in the dirt. Just about then she stood up to stretch her back. She was wearing a little cotton dress, and the settin’ sun was right behind her, showing the shape that God had give her.  Mitch: What happened?  Curly: I just turned around and rode away.  Mitch: Why?  Curly: I figured it wasn’t gonna get any better than that.  Mitch: But you could have been, you know…with her.  Curly: Been with lots of women.  Mitch: Yeah, but you know, she could have been the love of your life.  Curly: She is.
Thanks, but I'm going to stick with Doctor Zeke's Asbestos Pills.
Tattoos on women.  I'm 50 and when I was in my teens/twenties, very few women had them.
In Seattle, somebody took the hat [after it landed.](http://www.seattlepi.com/business/article/Concorde-s-arrival-capped-by-thievery-1129579.php)
This flick was perhaps the biggest happy movie surprise for me ever.  I rented it because I was out of everything else.  Ended up loving it.
BRB, gotta run to the store.
1977 VW Rabbit. 4 speed, 4 cylinders, 2 doors.  Loved that damn thing.
Threads creeped me out.  I still can't get that last still frame out of my mind.
Hey, convict...you can hide out at my place, I have cookies.
Bartending.
I just don't need anybody else.  The only real help I might need is transportation if my car dies, but I can call a tow-truck and I have a back up car.  I really can't think of any reason why I would need somebody to have my back.  What the fuck is wrong with me?
I had two friends from Jr. high school.  We stayed close for almost 30 years, then I just dropped out around 8 years ago.  Those were the last two friends I ever had.  I hate to say it, but I don't miss them or miss anyone.
I was at a restaurant and an 18 month old kid in a booth turned almost completely around and just stared at me completely emotionless.  His family thought it was weird, so they got his attention, but he would keep turning back and just staring at me. Freaked me out.
Trying to sleep in the day whilst every kid is out in the yard playing the Scream As Loud As You Possibly Can For No Fucking Reason game. ( I work nights)
I've only seen the B-52 crash.  The pilot was deliberately "pushing the envelope" to look good for an air show.  If such alarms were sounding, he was ignoring them.
I went to school with a girl named Barb who looked exactly like the girl on the show just with bigger boobs.  A teacher got in trouble for asking her out on a date.  Class of 1984!
