to be fair, i'm 26 and i'd do exactly the same thing
When I switched from the Xbox One to the PS4 I really missed my astro mixamp M80, it was awesome! really wish they'd made it for the ps4 as well
it will probably be in one of the picture menu's just keep looking. overscan over compensates with image size and it usually ends up too big for the screen, had that problem with my google chromecast
Also if you're on the xbox vs ps4 dilemma, its even more important to wait, the Xbox One, as much as I love it and it was the first of the current gen machines that I bought, just simply isn't as good as the PS4, with or without exclusives
Kind of annoying that Blizzard doesn't sync stats between versions, I'd happily go and buy the PC version if my PS4 stats transferred over
Exactly why I got it on PS4, the second I saw how the game plays I knew the pc community would be toxic as fuck
See I put lift, but then I thought americans might read it so I put elevator to avoid confusion haha.
For me, Ingress is good because I get to explore parts of the city that i'd never go to while i'm doing missions, I love the missions and because they're planned out by real people they're generally fun and make a good day out.  Playing the 'normal' way just taking portals and making patterns is hella boring simply because the gear takes a ridiculous amount of time to farm, and you can never store enough to do a proper job unless you have multiple accounts to store stuff.
I've been watching OG since the old sniper days and as an org ive always followed and supported them and i really respect Hector for how he handles things. But, the way the COD team now presents themselves is embarressing.  Im a lot older than Scump so when I see the way he acts it just looks like some spoilt little kid with nothing useful to say.  Hitch is also an Optic employee, he represents the company. And if he just constantly shit talks all the CoD games it doesn't look good at all. COD is a game thats carried by normal players, not Competetive. So Activision don't really need to support it as an esport but they do. If pros, with millions of followers just downtalk and damage their brand then there will be a point where activision just say bollocks and stop doing the comps. They currently run them like an advertisement for the game rather than an esport. If that avenue starts losing them money they will find a new one and ditch competetive.  Look at the CSGO team. Theyre a great example of how to be an esports team. They work together, seem to keep a professional front, put in the practice and start to get results.
Being on job seekers and going to the job centre is one of the most depressing and dehumanising things i've ever gone through. Can't imagine how bad it must be if on top of that you have health problems and no one believes you're ill :(
I burn loads of calories playing ranked overwatch haha. The stress is great for my figure
Exactly, trust me i've worked in professional video production for years now and if you put him on an actual set he would have less knowledge than a runner, seems like he's got zero technical knowledge he just knows how to pump out late, fairly average quality Youtube videos.
When I played DPS I always got matched with good tank and healer mains, now that I tank/heal I get matched with pure bottom of the barrel cancer.
been  there loads of times, ratio of men to women is 20 men to every 1 woman lol but its a spa not a swingers club, your chances of pulling there are slim unless you go as a couple.  its clean and well run and if you're going to just to be naked and chill you'll have a good time, avoid friday/saturday night cause thats when all the drunk people go and don't stalk the ladies round
caught all the community day ones easily, but omanyte is my first normal event shiny and i've been GRINDING this event to the max, same with the wailmer one, absolutely hardcored it but still didnt get a shiny one
No one in my area except a couple of people with cars really raids anymore, it's just too much work to get the people together, it can take up to an hour per raid and its just not worth it.  Also collecting potions takes WAYYYYYYY too long, it's absolutely ridiculous.
Personally i'd hit holland park, loads of stops and spawn points, it was always the go to place in the old days, then if you're making a day of it you can do a decent walk from holland park &gt; Kensington Gardens &gt; Hyde Park &gt; Green Park &gt; St James park   (they're pretty much in a straight line if you have a quick look on google maps, get off the tube at high street kensington for holland park)   and then work your way through trafalgar square/soho or wherever you fancy
I was one of the first through the door to vote remain, but I come from brexit capital Stoke-On-Trent and round here the attitude towards the vote has only swung further towards leave.  One of the reasons for that is because of how London focused the UK is, and they just don't care about a lot of the business problems brexit may cause because London is so far removed from the rest of the UK that it may as well be in a completely different country.
I love pokemon, I love walking, and the game has consistently got better since release. as an OG 90s gen 1 player going out and actually collecting pokemon is like a dream come true. I've been to areas of cities that i would never have visited and met tonnes of people along the way.   A lot of the people who quit did so for toxic reasons so i don't miss them, they were banned for spoofing, refused to play with no map, hated the gym rework because they couldn't lock off all the local gyms with 10 blissys harvesting coins, refused to spend money on ingame items so as soon as others stopped luring places up for them they stopped playing etc.
Transfer all the old ingress portals over to PoGo, I play both games and in a lot of rural areas just activating existing portals would fix a lot of players issues.  I've put a lot of work into submitting portals and in my town i've officially run out of stuff to submit, everything thats left is already a pre-pokemon go ingress portal.  Also, make the weekly legendary tasks player by player like mew rather than server-wide. Players returning now will have a lot of unfillable gaps in their dex meaning less reason to return.
you get your pass, turn up in time for hatch, we usually split up into team groups, biggest colour group goes in solo, smaller colours go in together if there isn't enough for each team to solo.
Really loved AW, I loved BO3 too but it was so damn sweaty, was fully dehydrated after one domination match.
I know. Me and the other ingressers have already power levelled a few people. All it takes is a little effort, not hard at all
Im a pc player for everything except cod so i know first hand lol
been waiting for a console pokemon game since playing the originals on the super gameboy snes attachment. Now we're getting a remake of Yellow (my favourite game) AND a fully new game!! Life is good!
meh, i've lived right out on the edge of London for years, had a car for work, changed jobs so i didnt need to carry tools and just realised that the bus and train service is so good that going in a car is actually less convenient
i've met born and bred londoners who've never been to central London before. I've also met Londoners who've never been to anywhere outside the m25 and just go on holidays abroad lol - thats a majority of londoners i met too so cant see it being much of an issue lol
caught all 3 of my mewtwos with nanabs, when the pokemon jumps around and attacks alot, nanab &gt; golden razz every time
L37 completed all 3 gens, and I have shadows for all regionals
i wasn't holding my hope for skate 4, but I was REALLY wanting them to port the original 3 to switch
Not skate 4 but I actually gasped when I saw a skateboard haha, first time a trailers made me do that in a long time
got 2 passes, both mid-week, both middle of the day. I'm lucky that i can go but i'm seeing a lot of people saying they're not doing it because they're sick of the times being bad. imo all Ex raids should be after 6pm/last raid of the day cause surely that would be best for the vast majority of players.
Pretty much, i've been playing since the beginning of heavensward and I levelled a healer to jump me through queues because dps queues are insane, but now in stormblood even last patch content means a 20 min queue as healer.  When you get into a lot of the older contents big dungeons they're just speed runs too.   Your best bet is to get into an FC and get a group together/or put the dungeon up on party finder to manually get a group together
PC players are a tinnnnnny percentage of the playerbase and even though i play most of my games on pc, there's just no reason that justifies buying a cod game to play online on anything but their main supported console.
i'm not a big smash player at all but everything about that presentation got me hyped af
my only issue is people running in the distance go all buggy, everything else just plays like any other console. Also, graphics can be a bit inconsistent, nothing a cheeky patch wont fix though
The bugs i was having were in docked/tv mode. Just played a few games handheld and its suuuper smooth. I feel like they’ve made optimising it for handeheld priority and theyll fix tv mode sometime this week
just keep grinding until the end of the event then decide, they're not that rare really, i've got one maxed out plus 1200 candies in my bag now.
Got my first ever solo win on switch stats not recorded  *bad luck brian meme*
middle box is deffo worth the money i've bought 2, first boxes i've ever bought
the amount of times i've just hopped into someone's car after we met roughly 5 mins earlier and don't know eachothers names is unreal
I think that's part of the reasoning behind allowing you to transfer from pogo to lets go, they want you to free up 151 bag space so they don't have to give out more for free, struggling for space at 1500 capacity is seriously excessive though, you need to be harsher with your choices.
Having an apple watch/pogo+/Gotcha really helps, you can just leave it running and get on with your day without your battery getting tanked, then when you've geared up you can play as normal and lure up a pokestop or whatever.
The amount of pokemon players (mostly high levels) that have sent me their home address to submit/asked me to submit dumb stuff that's got no chance of being accepted makes me hope that pogo players never get to submit stops lol.   In my area, we've worked really hard as an ingress community. Literally every acceptable submission has been created, and any new ones are quickly added. Theres nothing that pogo players could add to that. Even just my local park has gained 2 gyms and 10 stops since i've started to submit again.  What needs to happen is a lower level cap transfer service. So when an ingress agent reaches level 8 they should be able to link their pogo account and then they can select portals to transfer into pokemon go. What that does is keeps the lower levels of ingress alive without disrupting serious ingressers, its also enough of a taster that pogo players may stick with it and play ingress too. Helps both communities.
log into ingress and thank your locals, they're the ones that get this stuff put in.
trust me i know, i've been getting raged at in another thread for explaining why we get to submit in ingress and pogo players dont lol, he wants the servers separated so pogo players can submit literally anything as a stop. poor child doesn't realise what a mess it would cause.
Our local groups have already banned any talk of selling gifts/postcards/pokemon trades on all our group pages and chats. Instant perma ban if you do it.  Partly because no black market nonsense will be accepted.  And partly because its the perfect tool to groom kids in exchange for ingame stuff and we’re hot on safeguarding people from that!
first time I ever went on a pokemon go hunt I ended up jumping in a car with this dude to chase down a pokemon, ended up in some random graveyard at like 11pm, we both caught it then shook hands and introduced ourselves and laughed about how anti-survival jumping into random cars is lol
same, i have 8 passes in stock, hopefully I can catch early and save the rest
yeah same nearly every one I caught this event counted as a big boi
