I have ADHD. From the scientific papers I've read and looked at, about 6% of the population likely has it, and the medication rate is under 3%, and so it's likely extremely under prescribed. Additionally, medication is one of the best and most effective treatments for ADHD, alone and in conjunction with alternative coping mechanisms.  For many people it makes you a better student, gives you a push towards equality when it comes to mental ability, and is an excellent improver for quality of life.   That being said I think the article is hilarious and doctors often don't give a shit and medication is advertised directly to consumers and that's fucked up.
My new favorite audiobook, The Practicing Mind, talks about this in a very similar way. Focus on the process, not the result. A goal is like sailing to the horizon; useful to point your ship in that direction and start sailing, but very unhelpful to constantly compare yourself to where you're at and be disappointed when you're not already at the goal/perfect.  I recommend it to everyone, I believe it is still on sale, and I approve of this thread's message.
That's why I have Mass Effect 1 &amp; 2, but no 3.
"I was on the computer, and I was drinking..."
I do very much enjoy the relatively small amount of calories a nice beer has, at the end of the day.
When I was talking to my Director about it, I got the impression the reason we mainly did them was for insurance.
I read the description first, and so I found it incredibly difficult to watch.  What a lovely human being. What a loss.
I am an average looking guy, not a model but not bad. I have had some crazy sexual experiences with some weird looking girls.
I love my slow treadmill walk glued to my phone, though. That's like the best way to watch Netflix.
I agree with you. A lot of the organizations make me uncomfortable or seem not really to be about advocacy.  I consider myself a feminist as well as a supporter of men's issues, and I think there are organizations that I wouldn't support, even though I support the overall objectives of the movements.
I'm not a huge fan of rebooting my phone every couple hours and keeping it from getting too hot.
Cell phones would be hot, and will be, but be careful. I work in the industry and have seen a lot of retailers go out of business. One store would be prohibitively difficult to merchandize, outfit &amp; gamble on making money.
I get a screen protector on every single phone I buy, which is a lot, because I work in the cell industry.  They're getting better, but they still scratch and they still break, every single screen. I'd rather have a tempered glass protector break and peel it off then have a worthless phone that costs more to repair than it's worth, or deal with damage &amp; beating it up.
I have the OnePlus One but with an 801 and the software it feels faster than the HTC One M9.
Thanks for sharing. The mechanics of safety can be less flashy looking, but they are part of the real and make it sound less like movie.  I've always tended towards more open experiences and many partners, and you have encouraged me that it's a good path to be on.
I think society absolutely supports being obese and living unhealthy and inactive lifestyles.  No human being is perfect and if someone is challenged by something it's not "just" making sacrifices. I have no problem "just" eating every day because I don't have anorexia. I do have trouble staying organized because I have attention deficit disorder. I find it easy to read books and educate myself, and some people it is a huge undertaking or easy to put off.   What is effortless for some is a mountain for others. That's why they don't "just" do it.
Hey, if you don't want to look, then just keep your eyes down when I start dancing. This booty was born to rock.
Yeah, me either. Maybe like 3.  Anyway, I can quit whenever I want.
Washington, I keep it at 65 just so my feet don't wake me up feeling cold.
You take those feelings, put them up inside, and then, eventually, you'll die.
Are they old guys? Only old dudes force stories on you in my experience.
ADHD brah
I think that's true.  It's like, women can work and be independent and strong.   Same goes for me, though. I can be sad and scared and feel like crying. I'm just as much of a man if I don't pay for dinner, or make enough money, or feel weak and vulnerable.
My whole life is not a malpractice case, though. I'm a human.
My crush in elementary school told her friend to tell me she thought I had a nice butt.  I remember everything about that moment and how awesome it was.
If you move my keys or wallet you might as well rearrange my cerebral cortex.
Every time we went hiking and took the chairlift up or down the mountain I would spit off the side.  15 second fall. It was mesmerizing.
Two things made me cry like a waterfall. The day my grandmother passed away.  And when Ash was petrified.
B-but I took this whole LLLD cert and everything...
I've been working on it, but it's a challenge, as I am cripplingly unlikable.
I've got the transcripts right here...
Trying to set up Sickbeard was a nightmare for me. I gave up.
I work at the cell phone company. They absolutely do try.  They are also upset their service is turned off mere weeks to months after not paying.
I'm unable to answer that question when asked at a conversational volume.
I wish I knew if someone had trich so I could be nice to them and tell them they aren't a freak.
That's where I started my train wreck merit badge collection, too.
Never got to use slack before. I'd be interested.
I work in retail and that's basically how it was.
I remember taking a course on network tech a few years ago on CSP, it talked about LTE and LTE advanced. It was pretty good, actually.
If it makes you feel any better, as a phone store guy, a removable battery is absolutely no guarantee of it surviving, nor is it impossible for a non removable phone to get wet and live. It's a roll of the dice every time.
I am running stock COS12/CM12S, rooted. I'm sure I'll have to re-root, but other than that I'm not worried!
I did a great job on this sentence because it perfectly represents the ,four things I was talking about at the time so it will be clear for sure
Yes. But you can immediately reroot with TWRP. That's what I did, right after the update.
I can't stop wearing my ass, though.
This is my next wallpaper, as well. Beautiful writing.
I'm tearing up a little just thinking about this. Fuck.
It's what I'm wearing [today!]( http://imgur.com/C6kXjNS)
The 5.1.1 just made my launch day Nexus 10 fast as hell. I was honestly amazed.  I bet it would be even faster if I did a wipe and cleaned out the years of cruft I've downloaded, but... Eeh. Lazy.
"Shitpost one word commenter" about covers my dialogue contributions in real life.
I'm still upset I didn't sell an Optimus G Pro when it was worth anything (if it helps)
