Alright so I'm a summer day camp counselor and there is a kid at the camp who is cheering for the Warriors to win the series because he knows it bugs people. My god is this kid a shit head I heard nothing but trash talk all day. I would throw a jab or two back but considering I'm the adult in the situation I couldn't just belittle him
broham i've been downvoted on this sub for saying the Johnny the passer didn't play well against KC and I hope he bounces back.   So yes. Literally any valid criticism on Johnny gets downvoted
He says we are gonna get what we drafted yet yesterday he refused to go into the game, he has played like shit all season, and we were trying him.at WR earlier this year.  Fuck you Justin Gilbert, fuck you
You thought QB drama was ally. You merely adopted QB drama. Us Browns fans were born in it. Molded by it. We haven't seen a real QB since....uhm....
yeah that was prob the last real QB we had.
Pats DC. Idk why but i've got a feeling.  Personally i'd like to see them take a run at Coughlin but that wont happen
Because I go to a settlement because of raider problem, solve it, go.back to Preston who says "there is settlement with a ghoul problem" and it turns it out to be the same god damn settlement. Are you fing kidding?!?!? They couldn't have told me about the ghouls and Raiders at the same time?!?! REALLY?!?!?
I'm 22 and I thought the same thing
Some Bengal fans ik are hilarious. "Fire Marvin Lewis!" "Cut Burrfect, Cut Pacman!, Cut Jeremy Hill"  I will take all three please!
Well thank you for having a conversation with me my good sir
As a Browns fan I completley understand what you guys are going through and if you need a shoulder to cry on, most of us at /r/Browns have a shoulder open
I've tended to shy away from VATS in this game. They have improved the shooting mechanics enough that figure I can hit them on my own
I turn 23 in March.
yes...did i offend you that much that you decided to downvote just because i said i turned 23 in a month and a half?
He's there in support, that what good it does. Shows that he is willing to stand by his team mates and fight in the trenches with them.   But he also was suppose to report to Berea for injury treatment and for the second year in a row he said nah im.just no gonna show up to work today
I'm 22, though I know about the the drive and the fumble I was not around to watch them. So Denver doesn't have the same sting with me
so i'm 22 in the mid-western United states. In my experience most people who are Christians in their mid to late 20's and younger are just trying to live their lives and be good people.  Of course old people gay bash. These are the same people that still drop N bombs, and believe minorities and women shouldn't be equal
All NBA stuff aside  You post on r/depression encouraging people to kill themselves, you post trash like this, man you really are a piece of work. Ass hole doesn't begin to describe your actions. You're actions are deplorable and disgusting. If you aren't getting help I really hope you get some soon. You're life may depend on it.
I had work 7-9, internship 9-5, now class 6-9....god damn it I hate summer classes. Take what little energy I have left Lebron!!!!
We are down 8....in the first half....calm the hell down
I'll live with anyone not named Green, Curry, or Thompson beating us
"Yells at me for not healing you while I'm Zenyatta" BITCH I DIE IN LIKE 2-3 SHOTS AND YOU ARE FIST DEEP IN ENEMY ASS HOLE. YOU WANT FUCKING HEALED AT LEAST GET INTO MY FOV SO I CAN ATTEMPT TO THROW YOU AN ORB
I disagree that Frye can't be on the floor for a significant amount if time. Yesterday when Frye was on the floor in the first half yes he had defensive issues, but when he was out there in the third he had a couple nice plays on defense (the block, couple contests, and I believe a steal).   Frye alongside the rest of our bench hasn't really done much but then again when you get less than 3 min to do anything its hard to be effective.   I'm not saying the entire bench needs to play, but Mozgov, Shump, and Delly should play between 7-10 min a game and not &gt;5min
i was gonna guess Hartline but.....
He does a great job defensively, great job calling the game and a great rapour with our pitchers. It would be a mistake to get rid of Gomes   edit: words are hard
As someone who frequently plays Zenyatta and is currently learning Lucio....PREEEEEEEACH
Was in a game yesterday where one player on each team quit then it ended the game because not enough players   Bitch let me play 5v5 if I have to
As someone who loves to play Zenyatta HELL TO THE YES
Lucio. I've got the healing stuff down, however I'm awful doing any damage or getting any kills period
I'm still in class!! :((((((
I hate it when Warriors fans hop all over the Curry dick when they just started watching basketball last year  Been a Cleveland fan since 93. I remember when the Cavs only decent player was Rickey Davis.....RICKEY FUCKING DAVIS
that last photo is my favorite &lt;3
I'M SO FREAKING HYPED
It's been an honor to go through the ups and downs of the season with you guys. I'm ready to witness history alongside you all! #ForTheLand
I'm do nervous im.gonna puke....or maybe it's the booze....
source? i want to make the trip up from Columbus
I'M GONNA BE AT THE PARADE ON WEDNESDAY!!!!!!! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
Link to the video? I want all the feels!!!
I am doing this same thing. So pumped
I'm driving up from Columbus after work today. Staying with a buddy of mine in Shaker Heights.   We are going to take the train in at like 8:30/9. It will prob be packed by then but fuck it!!! We champs!!!!
Cool. Sent my buddy who lives up there to pick up our tickets today lol
I can see myself in this picture lol
So I didn't realize episode 13 was the episode of the season. I went to click next after Diez has the gun on the CO and when I found out that was the end of the season I nearly flipped a shit
I have the Razer Kraken Chroma 7.1's and I enjoy them. But everyone's definition of comfortable is different
Nobody because I don't wanna be the ass hole who yells at my team to switch while i'm playing a dps character
Ah you think losing is your allie? We were born into losing. I didn't see a winning season till I was a man. You merely adopted losing
Okay so I'm level 40 and my buddy is level 20. Can somebody explain to me why we get matched aginst teams filled with 70+?   Ik rank doesn't equal skill but there is still a huge difference between a level 80 and a level 20
All I'm saying with Bastian is that if Roadhog can pull him out his turret mode Lucio, and Winstons ult should be able to boop him out as well  Also I'm on PC
I'm a Cleveland Sports fan. I wasn't old enough for the Drive, the Fumble, and the shot BUT i do remember the Browns moving, blown save in '97, Lebron leaving in 2010? and just the terribleness that is the Cleveland Browns.   But all i gotta say is TAYLOR YOU AINT GOT SHIT ON US CLEVELAND FANS.   Thank God Lebron came back and ended our 52 YEAR DROUGHT
as a Cleveland fan yes, i felt all the feels. I still don't believe it was real
