If I'm understanding how this works, you can use AutoHotKey to do things like this. It's a powerful program for creating scripts to automate things like inputting text, hitting key strokes in sequence with time delays, run programs, etc. that can be bound to any key or key combo.  It runs independently of the game on your PC in the background so there should be no EULA issues... it just automates what you would normally do manually. I use it in hyper-realistic games like IL-2: CLOD with the Team Fusion patches to automate tedious complex things like getting ready for take-off. I don't use it in WT but would if manual engine management was worth the trouble to me.  Anyway, you should, for example, be able to make a script that runs from a key bind not used by the game, reads data from http://localhost:8111/, copies it into your clipboard, types T, inputs your message, CTRL-V to past in the data and hit ENTER to execute these key commands for you. If reading the http://localhost:8111/ data isn't possible, you could wing it by just assigning something simple that can be done with one hand to output text such as SHIFT-1 = "I need halp! (1,000m alt)", SHIFT-2 = "I need halp! (2,000m alt)", and so on.  Hope this helps!
Gains and costs of stuff in this game has gone through heavier inflation than the Russian Ruble. RP was easily 2x-4x more, premium plane/account costs 2x less and there's more "things" that cost money than a year ago.  However, I dealt with it by just changing my attitude. I generally fly a few planes I like and new ones unlock naturally without going through and spading each one like it's a full time job. I don't get impatient with the grind flying some plane I don't like while constantly feeling like the grass is always greener with a new plane when it usually just ends up in disappointment. You think, "Maybe that premium will up my KDR?" but it usually won't. I learned that a talisman is a much better bang for your buck than premium planes. Sticking with my favorite planes made me a better killer because I took the time to master them instead of whoring planes up the trees. Now I just go back and try the ones that look interesting. And so on.  I went from being one of Gaijin's best customers to being the absolute worst because I don't spend a dime on it now. I watch Twitch TV on Sundays and have won a few thousand GE's there, I bought a great graphics card that came with 10,000 GE's, etc. and only spend them when stuff goes on sale so I can for instance talisman two planes for the normal price of one. I play RB/SB so I only need to upgrade one crew per nation. I avoid the money traps like converting gold into crew experience or buying decals that you can unlock anyway. This game can be fun if you just let go of a bunch of frustrating shit. For instance, jet vs prop matchups used to piss me off so I just avoid them now. There's plenty of other fun WW2 planes to fly in the 3.0-5.0'ish BR range.  So yeah, I like to grab a beer and just fly some WW2 planes now. If I wanted to worry about grind and money I'd just stay at work. ;)
Yup, I agreed that prices and grind have increased. I just added that I found ways to make the game fun and cheap since then so it doesn't matter to me so much anymore.
^ This. Tier IV Japan prop vs jet matchups and crazy repair costs were frustrated me to no end... so I just stopped doing it and flying a Hayabusa or Zero in Tier III is crazy fun.
The Brit Hellcat seems ok to me as far as control goes. It's my favorite fighter/bomber. It should be faster though.
We've been practicing for over a year. Can we attack already?
Just my two cents but if RB bombers wouldn't fly straight into a higher alt enemy like lemmings they might get a different result.  I've certainly been guilty of flying bombers on constant suicide runs where I'd just rush in, hit my targets, die and repeat. Then I learned that the very definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over while expecting a different result... so I started thinking about trying different things and how to survive longer to do more damage. I fly Japan a lot so I'll pick on the allies for some examples...  For instance, flying Saipan as allies, you can hit your targets on A and gtfo of there before enemy fighters come in, loiter back over ship cover until the ground forces take it over and the enemy numbers have been reduced by our fighters to go back and re-arm for another attack. Or skirt the right side of the map to take out the enemy tank column on B while the furball is on A at the start.  Allies in New Guinea, try heading west along the map edge and turn in to attack the carriers after passing the enemy island airfield on your left. And take the time to bomb the carriers properly parallel to the deck and not perpendicular to the ship where it's harder to hit them. You'll usually have time and little to no opposition to do this. Then gtfo of there and egress back the way you came. You might even catch an enemy on the airfield on the way back. Japan knows allies always climb to the South or go straight in low for the landing craft and they have alt and performance advantages so why keep flying right into them? If 3 bombers just go west and do their job right it can be game over for Japan.  Sometimes all you need to do is loiter and climb a bit at your spawn and let the fighters clear the skies before heading in... particularly on some German and Russian maps when flying as allies. Let your teammates know this is your plan and they'll enjoy having a mission with a purpose. It helps them to get their game face on. This is more effective than asking for escorts IMHO as it's hard to protect bombers, it keeps fighters from getting the kills they want and the fighters not escorting can get overwhelmed by the enemy's numbers because escort fighters are leaving their teammates short-handed.  It's also amazing how many multi-role fighter/bomber pilots never carry bombs on maps where they can make a big difference. As Brits on Hokkaido, a fully loaded Hellcat can single-handedly slow or stop the ground war by bombing/strafing the vehicle columns on the left and also flying in a fighter role to take out enemy bombers which are usually operating in the same area. While it's guns can't take out the tanks, I've noticed that taking out the AAA/trucks makes our ground assets less distracted by them and they focus more on killing the tanks for better effect. And hey, it's kills and points for you. It doesn't take long to help with the ground war and you can then make yourself useful by attacking fighters.  Anyway, I'm just saying use predictability to your advantage, keep adding different strategies to your bag of tricks and it can increase your kill and win rates. It's more interesting and less frustrating than hitting a few GT's and then giving the enemy a kill anyway.
I fly the Ki-43-III a lot and will admit I sometimes get Hayabusa guilt from doing so well with it. However, that plane really was that good and it's actually under-performing with the over-heat nerf and flaming like a Zero even though it had rudimentary rubber coated self sealing tanks. The Oscar shot down more allied planes than any other Japanese plane in WW2. I've submitted several bug reports for and against several characteristics with its FM and when I dug into its historical specs... yeah it pretty much turned, rolled and climbed like a dream. So fighting it 1v1 is a nightmare and 2 or more planes need to work together to take away its options.  It was more rugged than a Zero but not as fast as the Japanese interceptors so I do agree however that it's top critical speed is a little too high which is how it's able to keep up with faster planes in a dive and can often reach that higher energy state because of its climb rate. Good Oscar pilots know to climb instead of chase and then dive on you when you come back around. (It's not real life where a pilot can run home. WT is more like a cage match where 2 pilots enter and 1 pilot leaves.) I also think they do a little too well at high alt. Barring those two things, I really think the issue is that the P-51 (several US planes actually) need some buffs IMHO.
The Ki-43-III over-heat issues are much worse than most planes even though previous variants didn't have this issue and it was designed to operate in a tropical climate. It's just a blatant dev nerf. I filed a bug report about this but it was rejected as I couldn't find any supporting evidence because since Oscars weren't known for having this issue so it simply wasn't noted... a catch 22. (Also, good luck finding docs for a prototype plane they only made 2 of.) It also doesn't make sense in terms of game balance when a Corsair can WEP infinitely in the same climate. I definitely agree that the whole WEP system needs to be revamped as well. It wasn't on tap like we have it and should only be used in emergencies for a limited amount of time or uses (depending on the system used) as some types could ruin the engine IRL. Pilots probably went from feeling relief for it saving their lives to grief for the hell they'd catch from their mechanics when they got back... lol.  And yeah, only a few Ki-43-III prototypes were made but this can be said for a number of planes in its BR range. I think the Yak-3P is more of a scourge to Tier III than the Hayabusa which was a post WW2 plane that never fought anything in its BR range IRL. It also retains energy in a climb better than the Oscar. Finally, the Oscar doesn't fit everyone's flying style so it's not over-used by any means. The cannons are great but it takes a lot discipline to use it's few hundred rounds well unlike spraying and praying with several thousand MG rounds. For whatever their reasons, I see my teammates favoring Zero's and interceptors more than the Ki-43-III. As for me? I'm that murdering bastard that you hate although now I'm on a kick to find allied planes that can consistently defeat it.  As far as the P-51 goes, it's heavily documented so it's a pretty easy matter of filing a bug report in the FM section of the WT moderated forums with proof that it's not flying to spec. It's a pain with all the hoops you have to jump through now but worth it in the end. You could also take a crack at lowering the Hayabusa's top critical speed back to 625 kph from the current 650 kph which should put it where it needs to be. I gave up posting bugs shortly after the last major patch because they ninja fixed so many things without reporting them that the Oscar's FM was changing more than a teenage girl changing clothes. Things have settled down a bit since then though so it's probably a good time to start thinking about posting FM bugs again.
Cool. I just figured it couldn't after trying to hit one from the side or front once. With ease? I know they can take out light pillboxes but there's a ridiculously small hit box. Looking forward to trying it though. Thanks.
When driving my car, I mentally pull lead on cars in front of me when we're in a curve. It's pure instinct now.
You can PM someone using the in-game chat. Just type "/" plus first three letters of their name and then the message. So "snozberry" would be "/sno &lt;message&gt;". Apparently we've been able to do this forever. No one knows it though and it's been hard to resist using it to scare people into thinking I'm a mod to stop them from being annoying.
I have no thoughts on the P/F-80 other than wanting to grind to the next jet up the tree.
My Ki-43-III 3:1 RB KDR disagrees with you sir.
Not so much hung up as maybe I'm just old school playing flight sims for so long. Flying without a stick is a downright odd idea to me.
It's weird for me to even think of it that way as I've never flown air sims without a stick.
I honestly never noticed a problem with aiming outside of some sloppy dead zones in the center of some sticks but I typically hold for good deflection shots and avoid straight head-ons or gaijinium reinforced tail shots anyway where this isn't an issue.
I'm all for finding advantages but don't seem to be doing any worse than mouse jockeys with a stick in 1st person. I'm actually surprised to find that I'm in the minority.
It's hard for me to agree with that statement when my kill and win rates are on par or better than what seems to be mostly mouse users.
I honestly can't argue for or against that unless I've tried both. As it stands, I've never noticed being at any kind of a disadvantage and have consistently been a top 100/month kill rate player which should say something. It might even imply that stick flyers have more of an advantage although I'm not entirely sure how. I can see how a mouse might be good for fine aiming but a stick might be better at getting you in position for a shot.
It would explain why I never noticed a difference between flying RB and SB with a stick.
You could give it to me. I'm wearing mine out. ;)
I have lots of fav planes but atm I'm only in serious committed relationships with the Ki-43-III and Spitfire Mk XVI. I just like oddball multi-role turn-fighters that pack a punch.
^ This. I paid less than half of what these packs go for now (which also came with more planes, premium account time and/or GE's) just over a year ago. I went from being their best kind of customer to their worst one as I don't spend a dime on this game anymore. I don't need to anyway as I've used premium planes won in events or bought premium/talismans with GE wagers and used them to unlock entire nation fighter trees through Tier IV in a few weeks.
Just once I'd like to spawn my fighter with the bombers.
I was speaking mainly from flying low to mid-tier US planes which is where we usually see the American bashing posts come from. Things definitely change for the US in Tier IV and they get the wins to show for it.
^ This is an excellent point. When I fly Japan, I don't even get stressed out if the game comes down to me vs 2 or even 3 enemy. When flying US, I often find myself hoping that my teammates know what the heck they're doing otherwise I know I'm going to end up being chased all over the map before I can turn back in with at least some chance of killing my pursuers without dying.
I can only speak from personal experience with flying Japan and learning how to attack a bomber where every one I see is just my next kill. If one ever shoots me down, I already know I'm in a situation where I'm not flying smart and deserve it.
It's getting off topic but once learning how to do it, I've never been shot down executing a high speed leading dive right on top of any bomber... and doing it with anything that has cannons while sweeping my fire across its wings either results in a kill or serious crit if my aim was on target. But I encounter this a lot flying Japan primarily due to the nature of the maps they fly. For instance, there's usually some bomber low over A on Saipan early in the game where I have the alt and energy to maneuver into the shot.
Thanks for the up-vote. Don't know why the down-votes either... just talking shop here. ;) Got a link to your guide? I'd love to read it.
I don't like to get in the habit of attacking bombers from below because you're going too slow where the bomber can maneuver to get guns on you or you can get picked off by enemy fighters. Going back to my Japan example, their planes come pre-doused with gasoline so I was highly motivated to find a safe attack and found that I rarely get touched in a fast leading dive where you end up right on top of and perpendicular to the bomber and then blow past them at their 10 or 2 O'clock. You pass so quick the AI gunners often don't even have time to open up. You can also do a Banzai which is very honorable.
1) Yak-3P - If I'm flying against Russia in any good fighter and get shot down in some inexplicable way... it's almost always by this plane.  2) Ki-43-III - I do so well with this plane that I switched to Allies for the added challenge. It's an absolute priority to eliminate them in a match asap.  That's all that comes to mind as everything else in the mid-tiers where I like to fly is pretty predictable and there's usually some way to counter their strengths... so if they shoot me down it's probably my fault in some way.
Trying to get under someone's skin is one of the oldest plays in the book but I still get rubbed the wrong way sometimes... usually when mixing WT with whiskey.  The mods can also be a little trigger happy. I once got a two week chat ban for "xenophobia" by saying "honorabru" while flying Japan. lol...
I like WW2 planes and have no interest in jets so I stopped flying Tier IV because the prop vs jet match-ups and grind were pissing me off. Now I have way more fun flying Tier II-III. That is until I got guilty from doing too well with Axis planes and started giving the US a good go so I'm starting to hate the game again.
I'll upvote this in the sense that if I have a few hundred GE's laying around (like free ones from a GE wager) I'll throw them at a new crew to make them serviceable.
So was mine. He was literally like Clint Eastwood in Gran Torino. Tough SOB with a heart of gold. He even owned a Torino at one point and only bought Fords his whole life... lol. Anyway, I know it was bad because he would never talk about it.  Edit: He did tell me one story about how a ship he was on sailed right into a mine. They could hear it bumping against the hull but it didn't go off. I'm basically here because of shitty Rusky quality control.
The P-63C-5 is a great plane in RB. I honestly don't know why more people don't fly it. I'm actually wondering if maybe the instructor is bad for it and I'm getting more out of it flying stick.
If I ever unexpectedly and inexplicably get shot down when fighting Russia in any mid-tier fighter... 9/10 times it's a Yak-3P. They just have a way of getting to you in some manner that didn't seem possible for any plane when you planned your attack into a group of Ruskies.  On a side note, I'm getting pissed off at how planes that are less than 2km below you can disappear against the ground in RB (they're not even a dot while they can still tag you) when several Rusky planes generally perform their best at lower alts and can UFO up your nose with hardly any potential energy. The same can also be said for some Spits and Zero's but US BNZ'ers do one thing well and getting screwed by the broken spotting system is just one more way of stacking the odds against them.
Well... I have 1,800 kills with a 3:1 KDR and 2/3 win rate just from flying the Ki-43-III for a few months so yeah... I know Japan. ;) You could also say there's an anti-Japan bias with their crazy repair costs and since their remaining 1/3 loss rate is pretty much from fighting Russia... we're back to the subject of over-tiered Rusky planes.  As far as win rates go... I see it the complete opposite way. Because the game is so complex, it's the only solid result showing the culmination of all these factors. I don't think this is a coincidence though and as long as Russia keeps racking up the most wins, there's going to be people complaining about Russian bias (which is what the topic is about) so it's going to be hard to convince people that they have the worst planes when they have the most match wins.   I also don't think they have the best planes overall but along with earlier armor and cannons have the best matchups BR-wise which probably explains their superior win rates. However, it also seems like any plane that starts to outmatch them based on stats gets some ninja-nerf. The Hayabusa got a heat nerf, Corsair got a speed nerf, the P-63C-5 still has it's non-target yellow skin locked... I could go on and on.  Ultimately, is it really so hard to believe that a game with Russian devs and a large Russian customer base isn't looking after their own? All things considered, the simplest explanation is often the true one.
I have the same stick and the only two times you're at a slight disadvantage are in a head-on where a mouse can aim finer and/or shooting straight and level where there can be a dead spot in the center of the stick action. But even with that fine tune aiming "limitation", I have no problems picking away at someone out to 800m when they're running without jinking. The two worst places to take a shot are in a head-on or right at depleted Gaijinium reinforced tails anyway so hold for close deflection shots and flying stick is just as deadly as mouse/KB.   I personally fly stick in cockpit and virtual cockpit views primarily in RB for the fun and realism but mostly because I've been doing it that way since PC's and flight sims were invented. I also have head tracking but just hate playing 'find the dot' in SB and the RB/SB FM's are identical with stick so I like getting right to the action with spotting in RB. All that being said, stick will have a higher learning curve for new pilots versus mouse/KB jockeying but as far as sheer maneuvering goes... you can at least fly as well as the instructor when the instructor works well but can also fly better than the instructor when it's bad for some planes. (I'm beginning to think this is the case with the P-63C-5.) So I think stick is better for flying overall and even with it's small aiming issue... you can for instance still easily score 4-5 kills with one small loadout of Ki-43-III cannon shells using standard trigger discipline.  Anyway, to each their own but don't let anyone try to convince you that stick is inferior because I shoot mousers down all damn day long with mine. http://s13.postimg.org/4tws63k7b/shot_2015_06_22_22_16_34_copy.jpg
Good question. I typically see just over 2,000 people watching the stream on the twitch feed but don't think that represents the number of viewers on the WT stream page so it's likely more. The prize pool is at $29k but that amount is only a smaller portion of total dogtag buys... so there's a lot of us which decreases individual chances... especially when you don't need a dogtag to win. How much does the dogtag increase your chances as they've stated? Well they haven't told us. There's also the matter of trying to determine the odds of how many win the E-7 over the other garbage prizes if you're selected during the stream. It's likely pretty low. I've watched nearly every day and got one 40% RP booster. If this sub is any indication of winners... I've only seen two. All the dogtag owners get one at a $50k prize pool but it's growing slow enough where I wonder if it'll reach that much in the time we have left. I got the dogtag mainly because I wanted the E-7 but am happy with the other stuff I've gotten and things it gave me to do so it wouldn't be a total loss if I never got the E-7. I still want it bad though and the system is pretty complex to predict your chances. My gut says it's less than 5%-10% if we don't reach $50k which if it doesn't happen... I wonder if Gaijin will offer it some other way in the future. IDK... someone might have keyed in on a better way of calculating this in the WT forums.
For bombs and rockets, you have to keep trying different methods until you hit something and then try to repeat it. The steeper the dive the easier it is to hit with bombs. I had it down to a 20 degree dive at a certain high speed and close distance. The bombs are big though so they can be forgiving. For rockets, I fire within 0.5km and aim a bit to one side of the target so one of them hits dead on. Also don't forget your .50's can take out things like pillboxes.  As for tactics, like I said, it depends on the map. Some you dive straight in and get out fast. Some you have to hang back and look for an opening. Some have no point to bombing at all.  Part of the fun is learning how to fly it and you'll get the hang of it.
I picked up the XP-50 for the sale and am sorry I wasted GE's on it. It seemed good on paper, in a test flight and with some reviews... and it does climb well where you can usually start the match with an alt advantage... but that's where the fun ends. Once you get into the thick of a fight, there's too many planes that are faster at level flight, can climb as well at equal energy and maneuver better at high speeds. It simply feels under-powered when matched against G-2's, Yak-3P's and A7M1’s.
Loaded the stream nearly every day and got 1X 40% RP booster.
The biggest drain on SL's is crewing and spading every single vehicle one at a time as you move up a tree and then spinning your wheels trying to earn RP/SL in a constant cycle of stock syndrome. A little homework will save you a ton of SL's for which ones to simply unlock on your way to ones that will get you a better KDR which will earn you more RP/SL. Most players probably only use 1/3 of the vehicles they have anyway and you can always go back to work on the ones you skipped over. For instance, I learned early on that pure heavy bombers don't fit the meta well in RB so I saved millions in SL's by not crewing or struggling to gain RP/SL's with them on constant suicide runs and got all the fighters and attackers I wanted quicker with millions of SL's in the bank. Also take note of repair costs. Japan for instance has ludicrously high repair costs where for some planes you can have good games with a few kills and still lose SL's if you get shot down. You may have different vehicle goals for a different mode but it'll still work out the same. If you missed the boat on that strategy by already spading everything up through Tier IV then you might have to grind with a premium vehicle.
The cake is a lie! I've gotten sucky test drives for big box prizes since they started. The worst are tanks when I don't play tanks at all. If they want to entice you into trying/buying stuff then fine... put it in another box instead of utterly nerfing the chances we had to get good awards since forever. Now I'd rather skip daily logins then go in for my bi-monthly day of disappointment.
If I stand outside myself and base the answer on what I actually do... it's a life-long love of air combat sims in general and then trying to find 'just the right' challenge when playing WT RB air.  This means something that gets me around a 3:1 KDR (+/- 1 K) with a plane that not anyone can easily master. Anything higher in KDR is usually a general clubber and anything less is usually suffering from not fitting the meta and/or its BR. In some cases, it's because a certain plane that many do well with doesn't fit my playing style for some reason so it's fun to learn how to fly and fight with it better.  On a side note, I hit on this KDR goal because it's optimal for grinding as you're generating the most RP before you start getting diminishing returns for additional kills. You also get more games in per hour which generates more RP by not valuing your life so much that you'll waste time by playing too carefully. (The game is boring when you lack aggression anyway.) Climb-Kill-Kill-Kill-Die is the golden rule for grinding and it also turns out to be the most fun for me.  Anyway, when the game is closed, it's then fun to think and talk about WW2 airplanes and figure out how to keep flying on the razor's edge.
Not just with this... I can't find free gold anywhere anymore. Just last summer, I won a sub contest for 10K, won 2K from MetaTV Sunday raffles and earned another 1k-2k from GE wagers. Thankfully, I put most of it on talismans for some of my fav planes so the investments are still working for me. Now the well is dry with them borking the big box.
Glad to help. There's better 109 pilots than me but I know the rules and have a respectable 4:1 KDR with the E-4 by (mostly) sticking to this script.  Very generally speaking for the extend angle, shallow is defensive and steep is offensive. Ultimately, it comes down to a bit of physics with potential versus kinetic energy and the E-4 is better than what it faces with gaining and converting one into the other. So if you have an alt advantage, you can convert that potential energy into a superior speed for your dive, attack, hold onto much of that speed in a shallow extend (around -10 to +10 degrees) to escape without getting shot and then convert it back into superior altitude when you're at a safe distance of 1.5km or so away to attack again. It sounds like a lot but when done well, you should be able to get yourself right back where you started on your perch ready to attack in less than a minute.  A steeper climb right after a dive attack is much more aggressive and enters the realm of energy fighting. It also bleeds your speed faster so you could be fully committing yourself in a fight to the death as opposed to hit'n'run tactics. Now instead of bleeding all your alt, speed and energy further with a turn-fight in the horizontal... you should energy fight them in the vertical. It can be as simple as quick successive BNZ attacks... dive-attack-climb-dive-attack-climb. It can involve using high loops, Yo-Yo's, wing-overs, etc. to find a way to get over and behind the enemy. You just keep hammering down on them until they run out of alt, speed, energy and options. But I generally avoid doing this unless I have a clear advantage in the E-4. (It'll take some experience to get a feel for when you can get away with doing it.) It can energy fight well, but once again, you make yourself vulnerable by getting too low and slow while you have more control of the engagements with disciplined dive-hit-run-climb BNZ'ing IMHO. But it's also fun to break the rules now and again to keep things interesting and re-test your limits.
Thanks for these Taka. 9,800 hours... that's even crazy high for WT junkies!
