The hell if I know. I haven't asked him yet.
Yes. If you have cancer, that's not enough.
I'm a fucked up individual, but I draw the line at death pools.
She died of complications from diabetes a few years ago.
I don't. I can't speak German, and by that time Hitler had already become pretty well established.
I've been on the deep web plenty of times. You only find what you're looking for.  Were you on some sort of liveleaks-like site?
My sister had this exact problem and this is what an expert she called told her was the issue. He also told her to put a piece of cardboard up so the bird wouldn't see its reflection anymore. In time the bird would go away. It did.
I'm a fucked up individual, but I draw the line at death pools.
I seem to be under the weight limit as well......
Not often I get a downvote for agreeing with someone.
In the most angst-ridden, off my ritalin way as possible.
"If i talk to anyone about this they'll literally make me eat or call a doctor."   Why do you think that is?
Friends
I'd do [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKTT-sy0aLg)
Angela was the boss.
I've had two people say I look like Jason Lee(Mallrats, My Name is Earl).
I spent a day in Bryce, so I can't think of much around there except for a campground that has teepees you can stay in. The town of Springdale is just outside of Zion. There's a few places to stay there. Very laid back community. I stayed at the village right on the Grand Canyon. It can be pricey, but you're right there.  The Grand Canyon is indeed grand, but I preferred Zion for the scenery and hiking paths([Angels Landing](http://imgur.com/r/earthporn/cqcx8) , [the Narrows](http://cdn.c.photoshelter.com/img-get/I0000pKRVVwDAyIE/s/850/850/Narrows-Wallstreet-st.jpg)).
In the three weeks I've been on here, I've seen the word "cringe" and its variations in questions more than all the rest of my life up to that point.
In Utah, Zion, hands down is my favorite national park.
Eat cake. I can't remember the last time I've eaten a piece of cake and it wasn't someone's birthday.
My university alumni newsletter. I've been trying to for years.
How I wipe.
My home.
Then my uncle's conspiracy theory would be proven correct.
I'd like to see the Himalayas.
Way before I started using the term "SO".
My aunt volunteers at a wild animal rehab hospital. I've helped her a couple of times.
Nothing too crazy.   I fed a bunch of baby birds with a paint brush and held baby raccoons in a towel until their little pen was cleaned out. There's a lot of changing/filling water and mixing foods(there are a ton of recipes depending on the animal and their injuries).
I can't tell you anything other than it is ancient and Chinese.
Just had it a couple of hours ago. A piece of cinnamon roll cheesecake.
I have never owned an umbrella.
I'd log into Reddit under my other username and start asking "What Now?" questions.
If it came to it, I'd just use my underwear and throw them away.
I was all ready to answer this question until I saw that "....with Subway ingredients" part at the end. Now I'm at a loss.
I'll try to remember that the next time I buy a judiciary roast beef sandwich.
I'm staring at a light switch instead of a monitor.
Yes. I didn't know there was a word for it.
You're correct.  I made far less than 10k/month and my SS payments are more than $1100/month.
Enjoy my 2nd Amendment privilege.
A lot of Stephen King. Salem's Lot, Eyes Of The Dragon, Night Shift, The Stand, etc...
I've seen lots of flying objects that I couldn't identify, but I don't think any of them were alien aircraft.
I share a birthday with Bob Marley, and I think you are insulting both of us.
Find my car. It doesn't have a trunk.
Very early in the morning when there is light out, but before most people have started their day yet.  Like around 5:15-5:45 in the morning in the summer.
Very early in the morning when there is light out, but before most people have started their day yet.  Like around 5:15-5:45 in the morning in the summer.
My own private chef.
Waiting for a friend to pick me up to work on his driveway. I was watching The Today Show when The towers were hit. In my friend's truck when the Pentagon was hit/Flight 93 crashed.  It was surreal day.
I won advance screening tickets for the Nick Cage version of "The Wicker Man."
Ridden on a toboggan.
I just developed a Multiple Personality Disorder?
