Lol maybe, Sanderson IS my favorite fantasy author these days.  I was thinking about the changes after last week's episode and I was trying to figure out if Feast and ADWD actually pushed the plot forward at all when I realized I couldn't even identify the plot of ASoIaF. I'm not even sure if it ever had one.
My TLW is basically worthless at medium or greater range. Yes I can still hit them, but I do such little damage I have virtually no chance at getting the kill unless they're incredibly bad.
Likewise, I play with a friend who is also level 34. I have the higher grimoire score and crucible score, but she has vastly more hours logged than I do. We seem to trade off who holds the flag randomly, but it's nearly always one of the 2 of us.
Last year I made it my new years resolution to read the whole thing. The hate is justified. It started out average (first book is a massive rip-off of LOTR), but then got mildly interesting. Then around book 5 he lost complete control of the series. You would read entire books where literally nothing happens. Some books only had a handful of Rand chapters.   Frankly, I'm amazed that Sanderson saved it as well as he did.
I had them and dismantled them before I realized they don't even give you ascendant shards. And now they're gone forever.
I honestly have no idea, lol. It's the gun I use 95% of the time in the Crucible, I feel like I know it pretty well.
Went in expecting Star Wars. Left profoundly disturbed.
They kind of have for me. I tend to ignore movie Anakin and insert TCW Anakin since he was portrayed so much better.
A lot of us are from the south... I was born in rural western VA and live in SC now. Most people who fly that flag probably wouldn't if they understood the context and how it is viewed by black people. ie ignorance. And if they still flew it even after considering it, racist.
Yes, last night I just abandoned 4 IB quests I had hanging out there nearly complete from the last time. :sigh:
I know, it's like all the good wives are taken.
I was born in '82, am millennial. I think you're safe.    also it's weird to see people WANT to be millennials for once.
30s are way better than 20s. You actually have money in your 30s
Way higher than average. Anything 20 or above is good, IMHO. Or at least it was back when my wife was waiting tables.
In his defense, if he is always assigned the left side it's rare that you get any practice with the aura. I've still only done the aura twice and I run the raid every week.
They don't have to, there's still a chance that regular HM drops will be 320, it's just very unlikely.   Totally agree with the PVP issue, it's been there since the very beginning. It's a hell of a lot better now than it was. Before they revamped IB there was literally no way for us PVP people to hit the max level despite having a monthly playlist with level advantages enabled. I ended up raiding by necessity just to be competitive in IB.
I just got hit with the nostalgia hammer hardcore
It's a good thought, but a years worth of seeing Trump parade around and thinking "my god, this could be our next president" will likely change your mind. I never wanted to support Clinton, but I recognize that she's our only hope of preventing a Trump presidency. It just is what it is. If Supreme Court seats weren't in play it would be different but there's just no fucking way I would sit by and let Trump get to choose.    And if by chance she gets indicted, I would GLADLY vote for virtually any other democrat candidate.
It's almost an impossible question to answer since humor is such a personal thing. The Jump Street movies are personal favorites of mine, they've both got layers on layers of different kinds of humor in them.
Yeah that scene made me like show Jon a lot more because it makes him look more like book Jon, where he constantly fucks up but somehow everything always turns out ok for him. I don't like how competent show Jon is, he's too young to be that good.
I definitely think we're paying a premium for getting so many huge miniatures. Which to me is the biggest selling point. I loved painting the ones that came with Blood Rage, this will be my favorite painting project to date from them.
I thought it was both? I definitely could be wrong, it's been a long time since I reread the older books
I was shocked that this ended up as PotG, but if Genjis can cry I was bathing in his tears.
Yes but it's not easy when Walmart is one of your clients. They will demand huge production from you.
Yay more F56s! The yellow is really growing on me, which I never thought would happen.
God this makes me feel old.
I've never gotten a PotG as Mercy by rezzing 3 people, fwiw.
There's literally dozens of us
I dunno, I'm grudgingly voting for her now and I care about this. If there are a lot of people out there that think you're some criminal mastermind, you probably shouldn't be having your husband meeting with the DoJ on a private plane. It just fuels the conspiracy theories.
Maybe if this is your first or second election cycle. I'm not going to argue with you about this. Sanders put up a good fight (and I voted for him in our primary) but he just didn't have the popular vote, there's nothing undemocratic about him losing. It wasn't even a remotely close race.
I read a lot, at least an hour a day, and it took me 8 months to finish WOT. I wouldn't start that series till you hit a major content drought.
Thanks! Yeah I thought about just printing them all one color and painting them, but I figured this will last longer.
A vector of the 2d image of it? I don't think so, or at least I don't know how. I built these in sketchup. Still new to 3d rendering, sorry!
Well I was hoping to just put them on shapeways so people could get whatever they wanted there, but they're claiming it would be like $20/coaster, which seems outrageous. So I'll put the files up for free and work on seeing if I can cut down on the material cost some.
I'm trying to get them up on shapeways, which is a 3d printing service (much higher quality than I could churn out), but so far the cost is prohibitive. I didn't expect that so now I'm trying to figure out how to cut the material usage down.
Trump was too. He had to work extra hard for that loan his father gave him.  Edit: words
This is exactly it. I have no qualms with Wikileaks, I think it serves an important function. My issue is with Assange the person.
I'm just not sure whether you're aware that like half of Reddit is dedicated to porn. There's even a porn spinoff of this very subreddit   /r/OldschoolCoolNSFW
Ehhh, I really like mine and I'm glad I got it, but I couldn't get used to the paddles despite them being super helpful for a southpaw like me, and if you're not using those it's just a fancy regular controller for most people. I keep trying to get used to the paddles but I think I grip the controller too hard and constantly hit them by accident.  But don't get me wrong, it is a fantastic controller. Built much better, has better ergonomics and the materials are super nice. I also really like that you can dim that damn xbox button in the middle. That bastard continuously blinded me with the standard controller.
I think it broke at some point, so sadly no :(
Some of us will surely be selling some of the exclusive minis we don't want so if you keep an eye out I'm sure you'll see some for sale. There are so many in MD that I'll never be able to paint them all, I'm sure I'll sell quite a few to recoup some of the pledge.
They hold so much water that I basically had to unlearn literally everything I had learned before about brush work and mixing paint.
There's no trap really, you'll just find that the sable brushes hold 2 to 3 times more water than the synthetics. It takes a lot more effort to get that water back out. I also found that they're a lot softer so I had to relearn how much pressure to apply and also that I needed to mix paints in much bigger quantities. They're amazing though. Especially if you want to learn 2 brush blending
Ah shit, it looks like you're right. I remembered it wrong. He was talking about roe v. wade, not gay rights.  http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/14/politics/trump-gay-marriage-abortion-supreme-court/
This has me more aroused than most porn videos I've seen.
We're in the same boat, I'm just a year ahead of you. For games, cool mini or not is fantastic for miniature based board games. If you want some suggestions on what to pick up, blood rage (Vikings) and zombicide: Black Plague (medieval zombies) are both super fun to play and have tons of really fantastic miniatures to paint and learn on.    They're also doing a kickstarter right now for a new game called world of smog. It's a Victorian era steampunk style game that assigns one player as the enemy and the rest have to team up to try and defeat him.    You might also enjoy Scythe, which is really fun but the miniatures are pretty low detail as far as painting miniatures goes.
Can someone help me achieve this for the next 4 years?
It usually corresponds to when I have deadlines at work coming up, or if I'm just super overwhelmed and worried I'll forget about something I have on my plate.
The gif contains people in a relationship and he's salty that he's never been in one. Insulting strangers on the internet helps him cope with the loneliness and crushing depression.
I just realized that I've always referred to him as David Puddy. I'd never even bothered to learn his real name.
