well there you have it, a redditor who instabought all 3 alternate heroes
Bloodseeker is easily #1. i remember when bs first came out in dota1 it was the most mayhem in clueless pubs. Rupture has got to be the most unintuitive skill to face against. "I'm running away and he's not doing anything how am i taking damage! I'm running even more, i'm still being hurt, what's happening" and was easy godlikes for bloodseeker the first week of release. tough times. Abaddon is likely #2 for unintuitive, hitting him heals him when ult procs (but you don't know that if your'e clueless).
i feel like any golden rare is harder than a legendary. i have less golden rares than i have legendaries
Works out fine, play d3 for couple weeks when new patch, then hearthstone new expansion , play hearthstone, then dota new patch, play dota, then starcraft new patch - play starcraft... then... d3 new patch again!
i might get a paladin skin since it's the only class i play
Stonesinger: does he still have half life?    also, time to go back to wd, finally
my main deck, thx for guide
quite possibly the worst farmer in the game. i cant' think of anyone worse tbh
you'd be surprised at some of the math whiz on reddit who can take a fraction of time to get the answer   i've done combinatorics myself but i make alot of mistakes so i didn't want to give a wrong answer
srsly. i prob average ~6/7 ish but sometimes i just get 0-1 wins cuz i drafted a poor deck, go on tilt, and just want to get it over with asap.
took me too long to get this. i kept pronouncing it "Tworion" like "twirling"-&gt;"twirl-ion", like whirling zap o matic (also a mech 2 drop), and couldn't see the joke.
BEEN FARMING THIS FOR SO LONG , NO DICE. BUT GOT AN ANCIENT TWISTED SWORD TO DROP, SWEET.    ...MFW 128 (125-150) DAMAGE% ON PASSIVE ROLL.
jeez, wand of woh and ancient deathwish, i'd rather be in your position honestly. IN-geom isn't absolutely necessary, it's just nice.    you will do fine with using aether walker. your EB cooldown will not be reduced, but you can use other aoe skills like fire blizzard to complement. aether walker is of course more consistent since you won't be blocked by weak density.
glad ur enjoying it, i used it last season. this season i'm enjoying the wand of woh / ingeom wizard build.     I did use tal/ingeom, skilling explosive blast in season 3 though so it's a similar experience, but with cube now, being able to cube nemesis and ingeom while equipping woh is an awesome touch.    also disregard the comments about 'competitive'. if you look at profiles of all top players, they have 2 characters- one for pushing difficult GR's, one for speed farmings. yours is a farming build so the build is legit. BTW Soul harvest - +movement speed rune is probably better than armor.
interesting that dmo is brought up. i felt that dmo is one of the most forgiving GR builds to exist, mainly due to the slow time giving so much utility against annoying shit. like enemies who shoot all these fireballs or arrows- dodging them is a ton easier.
he could have rebirthed so checking hours is inaccurate now
frozen orb is viable. only issue is with the new Unstable Scepter, frozen orb and scorching orb both don't benefit as much from the double explosion, because those runes explode at the end of the travel path, not at mouse cursor, so you don't always get the benefit of the explode    that being said i still use it a fair amount personally for fun. it's not as quick as Woh builds but it's not terrible and still fun
i spent 15k shards trying to gamble an alt wiz source using my WD main few seasons ago. None of them were legendary. At first i thought i was super unlucky but i think it was just a bug ( i believe it's fixed now)    edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/Diablo/comments/26celc/has_anyone_gambled_a/ got called 'retarded' for attempting this as well. thought it was rude since alot of people gamble for other characters, not having to switch can help save time in speed runs
i do this all the time    even without using shift click
having farmed for deaths breaths a ton it's actually like this. without sages set, deaths breath run out slightly faster than other mats. with sages set, the other mats (mainly whites) run out faster than death breath.    source: upgraded about 200 wands, 36 regular unstable scepters, 37th one was ancient. An ancient wand of woh dropped for me before obtaining ancient unstable scepter.
Jokes on you. my arena run was going to be 0-3 but keeper gave me 3 extra wins
&gt;  only 2 weeks into a season?  this is average/standard. me and my friends get really hyped up every season, and splurge play for about 1-2 weeks, then finish. 2 weeks is enough to play 99% of the season's content - get mostly ancients, leaderboards rank 900-1000, season journey etc.
used to pronounce abaddon ABA-don, but it's actually aBADdun.
dude man i literally lost a game last week cuz i thought darkshire would buff 1 health murlocs with a warleader on a board, nope i was wrong. got wrecked.
also by blizzard, diablo 3 is my favorite gambling game; game is literally playing slot machines over and over. hearthstone is big RNG, but not the basis of the entire game like D3 is. you might wanna give d3 a shot too
opposite for me, too many teammates are overeager to "END" when you can't really end, enemies spawning in 10 sec. i say 'b' but they want to try to end, team gets wiped, lose game.
which is ironic. on my friends list, my highest elo friends who smurfed a silver account climbed the fastest playing support (went from silver to plat in a week with high win rate).
it's still a strong play. just started an EU account and played basic druid/mage to rank 10 and innervate yeti still puts a roadblock against shaman.
and here i am, getting regular common card at 6 wins. salt intensifies.
he isn't trying to win, he's just trying to get a big nzoth play.    i do this also, with both yogg and  nzoth, i can lethal him, or i can drop a huge yogg or huge (golden) nzoth and feel great.
im fairly satisfied with my results, putting OG winner , miracle for player record (didnt get much for that) but MVP for team records (this went well)
you don't "find time" to game in college. you game, and if you have time, maybe do your homework.
i knew an all common deck was possible to get to legend, but didn't expect it to be warrior! thought it would be mage/paladin.
opened one on a new account and replaced a boulderfist ogre with it. it's surprisingly decent and is probably better than the ogre 60% of the time.
it's honestly not THAT bad. Medusa is one of the few heroes that gets maximum value out of ultimate orb (gets benefit out of agility, str-HP, AND int for the mana pool-HP) which is why ultimate orb items are generally recommended.    at the end of the day what build you go depends on your team comp. if you have plenty of damage and you need to tank up, then ultimate orb is a great path. otherwise if ur team actually needs damage, then you can go raw damage.
Era getting PTSD from alliance comeback against NiP last year.   vod of  comeback https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x8Hh3BXwgBw
was very unhappy as an epic since it's not a card with a wacky niche ability like an epic should have. at the time i said i'm not crafting 2 of these, but if i open 1 then ill craft the other. opened 1 a week later so i crafted the 2nd, then opened a golden one for the end of month reward. worth.
that 0 hits home too hard. it's always like a nice hot streak of 7's then suddenly, 0.
Was looking for this thanks. Will also finally craft him
Tl;dr     All data is inaccurate because blizzard doesn't have api and release their data so we have to try to formulate the data in a 'ghetto' fashion. And i didn't mean to take stabs at VS.   "All the fibers in my body want to take the VS reddit post line by line and make a counter to it, but that's pointless because I insitgated this in the first place and that's my fault, and benefits noone"    anyway yeah it's been really annoying for so so long that blizzard has NO api, statistics, a simple VIEW PROFILE with ur matchup stats etc yet
I say give it a shot. I've played almost every deck and jade rogue is still the most fun to play and posts satisfactory win rates. When i finished all my quests I just queue jade rogue.
i literally thought of this too, but man, sc1 graphics is so much worse compared to sc2, whereas Melee looks alot better in comparison    i actually liked brawl though feelsbadman, but i can understand why people liked melee more (i loved melee too)
this was my first golden and to respect it i put it in every single deck i had, post nerf too. isn't a half bad card when the rest of my cards are mostly basic. i particularly enjoyed putting blessing of kings on it for a 4/8 minion that slaps minions around. "howdy"
&gt; My idea of a card game is that you sit opposite a buddy with your collections and then play a strategic game.  ha. having played real life Magic a ton growing up, aggro decks are the most welcome type of deck. People actually hate control the most, cuz control doesn't let you do  things (counterspell your stuff, remove all your board etc), and combo decks just OTK you out of nowhere if they get the right draw.    I had a competitive Blue/White control deck back in the day but my friends hated playing against it so much i ended up just taking it apart. it was only one of the few decks that i actually retired.
by that logic, people should think it's funny when it happens in those esports tournaments. (I do, it's one of the funniest things about watching them, watching their reactions)
So if i'm at awakened scorpio, i should upgrade to true scorpio before salvaging it? it seems that way, since that legacy chest contains alot of mats.    edit: nvm just did comparison, not worth.
nice. i missed out on granblue sleeves for rune and dragon because i didn't touch those classes at that time. but now i play every class so these fill the gap for sleeves for rune/dragon.    i wonder if one day we could get animated sleeves...    slight complaint i wish the "upcoming card pack" reward came earlier, swapping places with the TOTG packs but oh well
buying this due to their generosity. think i already spent more on sv than on HS despite them giving out so much for free, felt better to support cygames.
worked for me. i was annoyed that they dont announce sales ahead of time, cuz i just bought a $40 pack yesterday and would have loved to buy this instead. but since they will give so much free stuff then fine ill just shell out another 80.
was tame until like 80% of the way (i was thinking, i've seen/experienced worse) then after that, shit just got real
