the bad thing is that they can blindside you pretty hard, I had a very shy gf for some years, she cheated on me for some months without me knowing, I never saw it coming as she was so shy
I fucking hate Mexicans speaking in English, its not their fault but damn! (I'm Mexican BTW)
I have a couple of dogs se picked up from a shelter, not only did the people threw them away they tried to buen them un an empty lot, luckyly they were rescued and got to the shelter, some of those didnt survive, some others live with me now
I started drinking some craft beers after a new bar that specializes in them opened very close to my work, the variety is amazing and the taste is much stronger in a lot of those beers, so much so that most regular beers like corona taste like water to me, I'll still drink normal beer (because I'm poor) but at least I know now that there is a world out there
This is not my story personally but I saw it happen pretty close to me, basically my gf's brother was a pretty hardcore atheist, his parents always claimed to be catholic but mexican light catholic, never went to church in their life and they are only baptized but not any of the other stuff, so basically completely away from church...   Anyway, he turned to christianity because some shitty things happened that turned the family upside down and he started dating this christian girl, now to me it was predatorial but he totally fell for the girls and her fathers (who was a pastor) oportunistic presentation of god as a way to make his shitty life less shitty, he fell in love with the whole thing and he turned into full crazy devout christian in what seems practically overnight for me, to me it was completely confusing because he used to be a hardcore skeptic and in general a really smart dude, he got the highest gradein his major and masters degrees in engineering and next day he's praying for everything and pestering his family to turn to christianity.
I was amazed too at how religious people were, my family was atheist and always called themselves that, also both of them were biologists, in middle school I attended a christian school because it was pretty high quality, I was befudled the first time I argued with a young earth creationist idiot kid, I literally couldn't wrap my mind around someone believing in god with that fervor. I was also amazed the first time people asked me to pray before eating, I just told my friends parents I didnt know how because I was an atheist, I was like 10 and I'll never forget the look of disbelief in their faces.
Once a teacher I really liked that was a christian told me she was always going to try and convert me because if she didn't I'd go to hell and she liked me too much for that to happen, I guess you'll miss your parents when you are contemplating god in the afterlife OP.
Im mexican and eat them a lot too
I'm fucking sure I was in that game and was lina, any dotabuff?
Not only was he an idiot, I'm pretty sure the np was a racist cunt, I was there I promise http://www.dotabuff.com/matches/1548623207 just 2k USE things
Ironic, also fuck you, I'm not a native speaker, yeah it's lose, sue me
Me too, those aren't cycling shorts
I was there it gets better, if you are in NA I'll play message me
It's true, the gf is always complaining because she's 32F here I'm Mexico you need to pay over 80usd for a bra that size and up to a 100, and when I met her she used worst bras and she really suffered for it
I meant because you said you had voices and it sounded a bit worrying, im glad counceling helped, i hope you get better
Lol haven't seen any buzzfeed articles but my hair girl suggested one, as long as you have your sides, and part of the back shaved it does get the girls thirsty or at least it did do the trick for me... I think that the theory behind it is that if you have an already handsome face to begin with the bun just takes all of the hair you used to have away from it so people can see you better... It also works if you just have short hair but that wasn't so cool before the man buns so many people didn't have short hair
I dunno, if you buy ones make sure the zipper área is big enough, works for me
Do you have any vid of a pro doing it or something, it seems that whenever I play against dark seer I can't zone them for my life and I'm actually competent zoning others.
OK will do, BTW any heroes you recommend? is getting boots as a support right out of the gate worth to keep him off (especially in a trilane scenario) or do I just get regular items and maybe am extra clarity to spam at him to zone better?
Not to brag but spotify is so desperate to pull mexican costumers we get 3 months for 9 Mexican pesos, so less than 1 dollar for 3 month
My favorite is a tie between reservoir dogs and pulp fiction, imo it should be pulp, reservoir, kill bill, I really don't think inglorious basterds holds up to the rest
Surely sleep paralysis also probably don't tell the gf because she'll think silly things about it
If it went away once it will go away twice, I know this is a bit silly but eat and sleep well and hang outside in the sun more, I do a lot of work in a lab and I don't get much sunlight as I sit there all day, I force myself to go outside every once in a while because I was getting depressed again, it really does help, I wish you good luck, also maybe get checked go to a doctor a lot of times depression is physiological and a simple supplement can help you (not mind numbing pills or anything)
Or you can finger with middle and ring finger and sneakily take pube away with kndex and thumb, or my personal favorite, wax down there!!
Or you can finger with middle and ring finger and sneakily take pube away with kndex and thumb, or my personal favorite, wax down there!!
I am sorry if I have ever offended anyone, I'm Mexican so the US are foreign to me, anyway I can speak in perfect English, I always attended bilingual schools with great teachers and lived a few months in Canada as a kid, the thing is everyone talked "white" in my school and all of the recordings were British people (I took lessons to apply for Cambridge English qualifications) and the black people in the movies talk in a way that's far more understandable, so every time I visit the states I dread asking for directions or talking to black people in general because I feel unbelievably racist asking them to repeat themselves 10 times in perfect English because I can't understand what they say.
Still, it always makes me feel awkward
I have a friend who was about to hit diamon, switched to dota and never came back, come over its more fun
I've never lived in America bit ya'll is a perfect word.
Alcoholism! *drinks more beer*
Ok so, here goes, my parents are atheists and I grew up in an atheist household so I think I can help. First of all for a few years don't tell them, when they get into kindergarden and they ask what the cross is or a kid tells them about God explain it simply to them and tell them you don't believe in it. If they ask why just say it everyone has the right to believe bit you don't see how it could be true. When they are older you can introduce them to cooler concepts like evolution and other sciences, also kids love dinosaurs and so they'll dig evolution, if you raise a science loving kid they kid will just go, God? Nah. Do tell them that if they want to believe you won't judge but do give them critical thinking skills. Every time they ask you can give more and better examples of why you don't believe. If you are into politics talk politics with your kids and maybe talk about how the church influences politics in an undemocratic way. Also if you want to talk about other religions do, but imo talk about the cool historical significance they have, their cool myths, I'm sure all kids would love bedtime stories about how texcatlipoca created the world, or how Norse gods fought ice giants, or how Odin turned into a Swan and fucked a chick. I don't think you should treat religion as equal as atheism, it's not like "here is everything, pick what you want"  because fundamentally atheism IS different from religion.
I was out on a conference and this really hot chick came really strong on me, we ended up making out on my hotel room, at the time I had a girlfriend and we had considered strongly opening up our relationship but since I didn't have a complete confirmation I told this chick I wouldn't do it and so I didn't, to my dismay it turned out the gf had been cheating on me for months and it would have been very ok for me to do it... You win some you lose some I guess, at least I can humblebrag about how this girl told me I was fantastic at fingering her.
Holy shit, I bought a shirt that had plastic ones and took them out because I had no idea what they were, luckily I didnt threw them away and just put them back on.
My sister does that, she's pretty smart but hanging with her and her boyfriend makes me physically cringe.
I'm sick I don't get enough pizza
I asked a couple of friends who are working and they told me they wouldn't answer and it's rude... I don't work with them... Shit I don't even work, I'm still in uni.
I bought Metric-fantasies without listening to any songs and loved it just because it looked cool.  Bought Wolf parades - second album (who's name I can't recall) without listening to it because the artwork was cool as fuck, found it buried in a record store, only copy I could find, Googled quickly, saw  that Isaac brook produced it and it's the best 10 bucks I've spent in my life.   I first listened to unknown mortal Orchestra was in a small secret concert in a small venue near Mexico city when they were touring the first album without knowing them, been a fan ever since.
I wish I could catch severe ginger and die with it.
There is this girl in my uni, she has like a skin condition that makes her have really white spots all over her face and arms (I assume everywhere else too I just haven't looked) like vitiligo or something and Ive had a crush on her since forever, she's really cute too but I'm sure most people wouldn't like it.
Sometimes you need to catch a tight connection and you want to get your shit asap so you can get out the second you are allowed, every second counts!   I've had to run trough DallasFW many times because the first time I didn't I was stuck there 8 hours and it's a huge ass place.
I think he's into guys doe... Good luck I am guy!
I'm on both sides of this situation right now, it's weird as fuck, on one hand I'm dying to be with one girl which I have a very slim chance of getting with. And on the other one of.my best friends at uni came really strong at me and asked me to date but I just really don't see her like that. Life is weird
We were in a rather long relationship 4 years, we split and honestly I think we both realized it was the wrong call, but still we are still getting a feel of how things are and she doesn't want to rush anything. Also we both realized it's kinda fun being single. We are in a weird moment both of us.
I'm sorry man
I as non american cant understand it either, in my country political parties are assigned a part of the national budget for their campaigns and spending rules are set, also its ilegal to advertise with years in advance... I think all countries were mindblown finding out Trump isnt even a candidate and the election is in over a year.
Well, what did you do? did you say yes?
I was sat at home watching G3 when Toph ring
Ive never seen Ronaldo ignore a kid, I've seen Messi do it tho.
I don't have a lot bit I do try to shave or wax often, I hate hair
It's not as great as you think it is, if you love the job, you fucking LOVE the job but it's really hard and really underpaid, my dad is a marine biologist, when he was younger he spent time watching whales and seals, out in the ocean for hours hoping to see a stream of water many kms away, if you see one it's fantastic because you can get so close to the whales that you can touch them, if you don't, which was very likely you could spend days and days doing fuck all while looking at the horizon hoping, it was a common thing to be out for 8 hours or so at the time in small boats. This days he says they stay in hotels, back then they camped, which is OK for a while not months.    Also stayed in deserted islands looking at seals for months, a boat brought water, cigarettes and food every few days, really not fun when you smoked all the cigs before the boat came, that's why he quit, he and his friends had to collect the butts from the sand and try to make new ones, he said once he realized how fucking miserable he was, shaking with anxiety looking for butts in the cold night in the fucking sand he just couldn't smoke anymore, he also got bitten in the ass by a baby seal. It was hard bathing as there were a lot of sharks near the island and they got really close to the shore so you couldn't get very deep into the sea. Once he was left alone in the sea swimming because his asshole friend got afraid and swam to the shore, they had a lot of sharks around. It's really boring to be alone in an island with no electricity for days, also the islands in California are shit they are really barren. Also cancer risk is real, spending all that time under the sun really can fuck you up, a paleontologist that my mom worked with got fucked up pretty bad by the sun.  A lot of cool stories too, he saw orcas once, people can try to find them for years and he was lucky enough to find them in the wild.  His sight is also amazing, when on vacations my mother and him grab beers and stare into the horizon until they find dolphins, it usually doesn't take them too long. Since they are kind of easy to find I'm pretty good at it too. He can also see a fin or a tail for half a second and know which whale he is looking at.  Many stories with dolphins kind of swimming by ships and getting to hang out with military and riding on big military ships, good times overall. My mom once shut a bunch of sailors mouths with her fishing skills.   Overall the job is a lot of work and a lot of fun and amazing experiences, the sad reality is that the pay is shit and you can't settle down. Ultimately my dad left to work in pharma and my mom rejected a masters in geology to work and settle down. Even if they pursued their careers it would have been impossible to start a family and earning a lead research role is impossible unless you are second on command when the lead dies. He was approached by some people to come back but the pay is really bad, he will likely wait till me and my sister finish college to really consider it, I think he'd love it
