I love you. So much... You understand my plight.
I was not when that was posted.
Really? I just lost some.
Reading this made me wonder if I was having a stroke.
I am trying to get the founder to agree to defaulting to 3 instead of 0 on the link that shows up when people forget context, that's nearly always enough to make sense of what's happening, and if its too much it doesn't really hurt anything.
Ha... I personally use 0 pillows. No, I'm not kidding or lying just to one up you.
"What? My ex loved it when I did that!" Thanks... That went from awkward moment to mood killed quite quickly.
Who is discussing fault? If one can control the situation then one can control the situation. Obviously, every moment a person might not have freedom of choice... But, there are usually warning signs and moments where one can choose not to accept the abuse after the fact. I realize it's easier said than done sometimes, but it still teaches a child about what is acceptable behavior when it is modeled by their parents.
Exactly. Lots of people do just date one at a time... But, not everyone. Hell... If I have a first date with someone, that is not going to stop me from making plans with someone else... And, I'm generally only dating one person too. First dates are relationship interviews, no one expects loyalty before them... And what if both people deserve a round 2?
Nah. One way I get a date and $20, the other way the chick does not pay for her trip.
I just do this manually. Sorry mate. :(
Legitimately learned this today.
I had no clue he was that young.
Just want to disclaimer that I think there are a couple things I would disagree should be rape and I know my state would also count handjobs or fingering and some others probably do too... But, so many times that most horrific things won't stand up to this.
Would you mind giving me instructions on this? I do this, but my whites slowly become grey. Please include brands and temps...
Withdraw? Well, he owes me like $3.50.
Oh, it is traditional to serve it with cucumber pickle and raw onion from my experience. Cole slaw is also traditional, and which of those is served seems to vary by region in the US.  Oh... One tidbit I want to point out, barbecue sauce is a condiment designed to go with barbecue and not an essential element. The Kraft one is used as a base or emulated in a lot of recipes, but there are also varieties that are vinegar or mustard based.
I would probably just keep it in mind in the future, see if she responds if you muse about what to do for valentines... What to get her for her birthday, and probably out that I knew to throw her off your trail for some surprise someday.
Can confirm. Am ghost.
Uhh... I used the language he used to communicate it back to him, and while I certainly covered this ad nausium in college the day to day I have used in the 10 years since rarely involves explaining basic economic concepts to strangers... So getting snippy because I chose to mirror language rather than assert intellectual superiority (like an asshole) is fairly pedantic.
See... I am more conservative, so I love Scalia... And, Ginsburg is the one that pisses me right off yet seems like one of the sharpest legal minds I've ever seen.
Yeah... Not something else... That was the only actual mistake. Not going to a pointless hearing where there is no opposing side is not an error.  I know this is hard to understand as a client, but as an attorney it is pretty easy to forget that there are clients. Your job is to solve their problem, but most clients want to be involved as little as possible. Is it right if the attorney forgets to keep the client in the loop? No. But... It's sort of just... An easy trap to get into.
I would contact them before attempting to work it out, but before filing taxes.
This is my current position for the purposes of moderation. If morons want to upvote the shitposts, I can't stop them. I just remove the real garbage.
Idk, why does cutting onions give me an erection? Some shit does not make sense.
Well, she better... She has boobs that are a cup and a half apart in size. How many other guys were going to settle for her?  But, no... I kid. I've had almost 150 sexual partners... Only one had boobs that were actually unattractive, and those were about 2 1/2 cup sizes apart. Also, her personality sucked... Actually, I might have overlooked it if her personality did not suck so much.
Same thing happened to my dad, only it was a shrub in the front yard.
You can not previously supported and not have supported anyone. I voted for trump on the day of the primary, but I did not decide on anyone until that week... And I originally had thought that trump was just running as a joke.
You know, this was the first time I ever thought to look that up, but it was a federal court.
I'm an Attorney, so just going to go ahead and back this up. People often seem to think that illegal immigrants cannot get benefits. Well, it's actually considered unconstitutional for a state government to deny benefits to someone based on immigration status. The federal government is absolutely allowed to, yes. Most government social programs are actually administered by the state governments, but obviously there are exceptions - such as social security.  Do illegal immigrants pay into social security without getting any benefits? Yes. But, also I've seen illegal immigrants who have stolen people's identity stopping people who legitimately are claiming social security disability from receiving their benefits. See, the IRS and Social Security share information. If the IRS sees you have reported income under your social security number, then the social security administration also sees you've been working. And, if you've been working, then you don't need that disability check, right? So, they can cut that check off while it's all being sorted out. Totally sucks for someone who has significant injury, put in years of working and paying taxes, probably fought to get the benefits in the first place, and now has to fight again because some jackass thinks it's cool to report income under his number.
Btw, I really don't have a problem with people discussing how they felt about being cheated on or asking questions about what goes through the minds of people who cheat.   Those sorts of things feel like topics that would be excellent to discuss.  The most important thing to me about this community is that we always allow people to talk about what they're doing in a way where they feel like they're not going to get attached for admitting it. Most of reddit just downvotes anyone who admits they've ever done it... and, while I don't think EVERYONE does... I think a lot of people have done it at least once.
Not now. Frankly tired of trying. Not sure what I prefer.
Honestly, sounds like getting the tacos took longer than either of them expected.   Also, I would also like tacos.
I don't think you just don't love them. The thing is, love is not a single emotion. I subscribe to the [Triangluar theory of love.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Triangular_theory_of_love)   Its possible for everything to be there except commitment, or just a lesser feeling of commitment.  Personally, I don't have a moral issue with it. I have a... Aversion to being caught and when I feel a relationship matters enough I don't.
Hum... Well, dating gets easier as you get older.  You look MAYBE mid 20's... And saying now... I think the peak of dating for a guy is late 20's. I'm not super attractive, but it started to seem like I had at least a 20% chance to get a date with any given woman that I might want to date at that point... which isn't bad.  The ones who say no... well, it's not even really a reflection of you. It's just you're not what they're looking for, you know? I think most women are actually looking for someone who seems interesting but safe. The safe bit is... kind of a crap shoot. You remind them of their favorite cousin, older brother, dad, whatever? You're in. You don't? Well, meh.  Oh... And, Keep in mind that dating stays easier for men than women. Lots of women are into graying hair, so... you got that going for you too. Eh... plus, lets be honest, you don't have a biological clock or anything that requires you to settle down by any real point. You want kids some day, well... realistically you just want to nail that down sometime before you're in your mid 50s, right?  Btw, Sorry if I offended anyone with this. This is mostly meant for OP.
Never heard this one before, but I am a lawyer.  1. Trump has never paid me, but I've also never done work for him. Legally, a business is not the same as the person who owns the business. If a business trump has his name on contracted with them, then that business would have been responsible.  2. People will often refuse to pay for subpar work. If the contractors did not do a good job, then it would be totally normal not to pay them the full amount owed. This is more complicated than I'm implying, but yeah.  3. Trump has had a few companies file bankruptcy. When a business goes under, they do not always pay everyone. There is a court case, everyone usually gets something, but not everything.  Just saying, if trump owed them money... Small claims is not that complicated.
I'm a lawyer. It's all.
Ahh... I too remember when my father showed me how to suck a dick.
Can confirm. I have minor health issues.
Not deleted by my view, so... Mod.  Edit: I guess that explains why you think what you think about me. That post was fairly clear that I only objected to a couple of these.
I live in Texas. That is why it's embarrassing.
I think you can get surgery for that. I'm currently awaiting surgery, and I'm a trans-attack helicopter.
Nah. The first two are, the last one is a schwa. I already checked myself.  We probably are using slightly different dialects, but personally I view how the person pronounces it themselves to rule when we are talking about a name, and they certainly do not rhyme.
I mean, I would probably say that first line to my gf. Not sure when it becomes acceptable... Probably when you actually know someone.  Still, it has never seemed acceptable to me to shout at strangers, unless you are warning them about danger...
yes, you are the only person to ever pull this.  I have had two people claim that I'm lying about being a lawyer on the basis of a joke post made like 18 months ago, but it tends not to even come up much anymore. Don't think people have the patience to go back that far for someone like me who posts multiple times a day.  The joke was pretty clear if you read the full context, but opens with something about being a med student because the OP was talking about something embarrassing in a hospital.
I was talking about the three times people on Reddit seemed to have a vendetta against me. You, and two others. All for reasons they have just made up in their heads.
I kept hoping he would understand what I was telling him rather than argue the point. I considered what he said significantly worse than anything I've ever done, but was able to see how he might have been confused. I guess I have hope in people.  I was not using "dyslexic" as an insult, though... I did assume he was misusing while not actually having it. He describes himself that way so I used the word back. I've never thought of it as a debilitating disorder, honestly. One of my friends in high school had it and it was at most a fascination at one point... nothing to be ashamed of.   I am not obligated to be clinical with someone just because they are being a dick.
Chicken fajita meat on a bed of shaved Brussels Sprouts, sautéed in bacon grease... then crumble the bacon over the top for good measure. I sometimes also add cheese, but not always.
I mean... I use to work in the service industry. It basically means that it's harder to lose the tip, but if you fuck up my service you are going to hear about it.
It's not normally like this.  And, I am not assuming you're hiding something at all. It could be totally innocent on your part, but a good portion of attractiveness is symmetry. In your picture you have one half of your face in a position that makes it impossible to compare to the other half.  In the absence of information, the brain just fills in gaps so... if we have never seen you we just give you a pass. My point was not that I think you had some major facial deformity... but, the difference between a 6 and a 10 is actually not a lot, and your expression was nearly a perfect storm for making it impossible to judge.  I did say I like your hair.  And, yeah... you do not look nearly as good in that second picture than the first, probably for the exact reasons I listed.
