I absolutely love th Cardigans, and they got such a bum rap because of this song.  I mean, it was really popular, but if you only know them from this one song, it makes them seem like throwaway pop - which they weren't. They were an incredible rock band.  A couple of my favorites:  [I Need Some Fine Wine and You Need to Be Nicer](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sUBb4P2clO0)  [My Favorite Game](http://youtu.be/hKFQITKzXIc)   EDIT: Another song I love - [You're the Storm](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KxZ9_XlL19E)
I picked up XCOM on the PS3 when it was free on PS+. One of those "Well, I might as well download it because it's free"....and I couldn't believe how great it was.  &gt;which will be available exclusively on PC this November.  ...hopefully it comes out on consoles soon after. Would love to play this on my PS4...
Oh crap! Totally haven't had a chance - I'll check it out tomorrow and let you know - I appreciate it!!
I do, but it's not a gaming PC.
It's a Mac....not a gaming PC.
The only thing he taught me is swearing during stand-up doesn't make you a funny comedian.
&gt; Scale appropriately for your skill level,  I wish more people did this instead of asking if "is this WOD dangerous".   Even for something like "Randy" where you do 75 Power snatches at 135 for time....can't do a 135 PS? Go to 115/95/75 - whatever you can do.  Can't do 75 reps? Do 65, 55 or 45.  It's all about doing what you can handle. Eventually you'll be able to lift the Px weight, or Px reps. but trying to lift or rep more than you can and yeah it's fuckin' dangerous.  EDIT: Shit. I got my weight mixed up. But my reason is still sound! :D
You're right. I feel shame!! :D
Being Canadian we have to have our license plate displayed on the front and on the back - otherwise I'd have a plate like your first pic! That's dynamite!
*paid  ...as a fellow Canadian I feel your pain.  Bought a new RAV4 and half of the entertainment/navigation system doesn't work because we're in Canada.  Shit doesn't work the same up here and it pisses me off.
Hockey parents - especially those whose kids play in the "top tier leagues" for their age group.  Their kids are amazing and brilliant, and will always make sure they tell you how badly they were screwed over when they were short shifted, or not played on the power play.  Put a bunch of hockey parents in a room together and you will not talk about anything other than hockey all night....and not in the good NHL kind of talk, but the shitty "my five year old had a great game last night talk"...
I really enjoyed Season 1 - Season 2 left me with a bad taste in my mouth. Not very funny, a lot of "padding" in the episodes, and I found myself more messing around with my phone while two people talked about nothing important.   I can't say I'm interested in Season 3....
That's why I love this sub - every so often a picture will get posted I haven't seen before! Thanks OP!
I'm not a huge fan of Freebird to be honest but it's funny you mention that one - I was watching Kingsman when I posted this - and it was that solo that made me post it. So good!
Unfortunately mobile, I don't have Adblock....can't wait for OS 9 so I can install ad blockers...
Jailbroken though. I haven't jail broken my phone since iOS 6
It sucks so bad that we get a hot streak at the same time everyone else does.  In a way though, we're lucky we got hot when we did - other wise, we'd be right above Boston, instead of staying right with the pack!
I have a PS4, not an Xbox One, but that's a sweet deal for XB1 owners for sure!
How about shut the fuck up and do your job.   I hate this "stop making my job harder" crap. We all have jobs where shit happens that deflates us.  Seriously. People aren't expected to pick up their garbage after a movie, its the theatre's job - so if you don't like it, quit. Someone else would do it.
"I had fun once...I hated it."
I'll be way too busy playing Arkham Knight to notice!
Jesus - I wish I could still fit into my high school jeans.
I'm with you!! Not watching anything else until tonight when I play it.  I watched some of the E3 footage.....just enough to whet my whistle!
I was a really really active kid! I played a ton of hockey - was a goalie - and did a lot of track/running in high school - didn't start gaining weight until I hit about 19/20 when I became more "sedentary" and stopped playing sports! I gained weight *fast* too!   It's amazing how "eating more/moving less" contributes to gaining weight.....who woulda thunk it?
Whenever people ask what I do - I tell them I'm "going to the gym".   I don't say I do Crossfit.
Your dad looks like the actor [James Patrick Stewart](http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0835722/?ref_=tt_cl_t5)!
Just curious! I have a Mac, and use GarageBand which allows WAY more freedom when recording vocals.   This sounds like its being sung through a PC mic using Audacity - but if you can get a little better mic and better software, it'll amaze you how much better it can sound!
&gt; In case you don't watch SNL, Angele Merkel is the Chancellor of Germany.  I would love to get in on this conversation, but unfortunately I don't watch SNL, so I don't know who Angele Merkel is!
"Alone in Germany"  ...hey there's Stu!
One of my favorite Blue Rodeo songs...
He still wears short jean shorts even today!
Are you kidding?   I've been a Leaf fan since I was little and other than a couple years back in the early/mid nineties, it's been heartbreak after heartbreak.  That's what a fan is.  I know you're pissed at your team...but suck it up and wear those colors proudly....  ....ya filthy animal!
This is so much cooler than my city's siren - we still have an old school air-raid siren.
Well it's sort of touchy with him.  He's from Calgary, his Dad is American, and his Mom is Cuban...so I think because his Dad is American, he would automatically be granted citizenship because of that, which would make him American.  Regardless, he's "less American" than Obama, and Republicans seem to not mention that..  EDIT: got his parents nationalities mixed up - dad is Cuban mom is American.  My point stands though.
My 10 year old PC runs Windows 7 slowly. Should we sue Microsoft?
The last line in the doc "the Bills win the super bowl" pretty much moved me to tears...
First world NFL problems.  Honestly though, I really hope someday our team is as stacked at the Pats are now. It would be nice that every season we're the "team to beat" and are feared to play against. I know last year and even this year, we had shades of greatness, but to come out every game thinking we can win, and be a consistent playoff team would be amazing.
I actually read your headline in my head as "Welcome back: Julian Edelman has chance to become NFL superstar this postseason - WHHEEEEEEEEE"
Great idea for an app!   I'll download it when I get on WiFi...approx. how many videos are there to choose from?
That sucks so bad.  The game was won - you had it. One bad play by one fucking idiot and it's over.  Next year lads!
Oh man.  We just lost Lemmy, and now the Thin White Duke is gone.  I'm in shock.
I was too young to experience the full impact of Lennon's death. George Harrison passing away was sort of "expected" because he was sick for so long with cancer.  ...but this. This has hit me like a ton of bricks. This is the first death that has really affected me.  RIP David. You will be missed.
Bills fan here.  Fuck.  I hope its a Dwight Schrute "Assistant *to* the Head Coach" position....or like Billy Carter was to Jimmy Carter.
If rules of three are to be believed....who's going to be three?   I'm *really* hoping it's not McCartney :(
I was just saying the same thing to a friend.  First Lemmy, then Bowie. I really hope that the rule of three doesn't apply and the next one isn't McCartney.  That would break my heart.  That being said, it's kind of like having an older parent/grandparent that age. You know that they aren't going to be around much longer (who knows though Macca could live to be 100!) so you cherish every moment you have with them.
Awakens my desire to go to the gym.
And with the media and scrutiny here...I'm surprised anyone enjoys playing here.   Steve Simmons alone would make me not wanna play here.
Weight was too heavy - didn't bail out correctly.
I was able to access it yesterday - and the day before. So it wasn't "down for a couple days" like anon said.  Bullshit post.
Mutton Flaps is ironically the nickname of an ex-girlfriend of mine.
