I'm sure somebody has already mentioned this, but check out the IRS tax brackets. I'm not even sure what I'm about to write is true and honest, it could be a myth for all I know. However, from my past personal experience (read uninformed assumptions) I had accepted a higher paying job at another place that was wonderful. But it seemed I was actually earning less money. I was not sure how that could be at the time. It seemed I was paying more in tax, and perhaps in my insurance program (slightly). Indeed, I had transitioned into a higher tax bracket and the amount of more money I was earning was cancelled out by the increase in tax. Again, this might be complete BS, but it's something that I remember happening at the time, but other factors like inflation and whatever also cause the cost of living to increase. So it could be I was just spending more on everyday minor things, and only noticed after changing jobs. Anyways, that is also a good point. Take into account the rate of inflation and whatever cost-of-living metrics migth be available for your area. Cost of living is variable that seems different for people in different places, so look into that. Anyway, try to findout the difference in the cost of living when you started that existing cube surfing job, and then project what you need to improve or sustain what you had when you started there. Also combine that with the federal tax bracket stuff. After that, you can factor in thing like insurance, and you can get a rough idea of what your monthly take-home would be. It's a hard problem, and frankly most people just take the leap without calculations and see how things play out afterward.
I've got ITIL foundation, and it's great! I'd say it was more a philosophical cert than anything else, and it worked for me. It changed my mind on how to do things, and formed me into a better tech worker.
&gt; but I keep at it because I believe I'd be alone for a long time without her and am, frankly, afraid of that. It doesn't help that she's also told me much the same.. that I would be alone without her.  That raised a red flag for me. I'd let her know in no uncertain terms that she is replaceable.   If she really loves you, then she would let you go peacefully. The money is not an issues in this discussion, and you should tell her to continue working and supporting herself.
&gt; The thing is a few times my mother has tried to access my bank account or make passes at me like I owe her for raising me and putting a roof over my head etc. etc.  That is a huge red flag.   Here is the thing, you are going down the road of being secretive, and that is not a wise move. However, if still depend on your mother and/or father for anything... shelter, food, tuition, bail money, just whatever.... then you could perhaps justify being secretive.     The first thing is to get a PO box for your mail, or even a commercial main-drop (ups store, etc). Then setup new bank accounts pointing to the personal mail box. Nobody is ever going to see any paper statements, or bulk advertising, or whatever might be sent by the banks or their agents. This is the critical first step.   So when you setup a bank account, get one of the online accounts, and setup paperless statements. Now that mail-drop should in theory be mostly empty, which is a good thing. Because even if somebody attempted to change your address, your statements are safe.   Change all your online passwords, and do it immediately. This is a tough suggestion, but it seems you are in an environment where some of your family might have no problem using your account and passwords. Simply change them ALL, and make them all be different from one another. The best advice here is to use a password management app. They usually have strong encryption, and a master password to protect all the rest.  Setup new email addresses, but keep your main email. Just setup new email address on any of the free services. Have your banks use these new emails for any online corospondance. When you check these alternate emails, be very careful not to leave any traces. Don't let your browser cache the login details. You don't want a situation where somebody snooping yoru computer might stumble upon the strange lookign login details.   For that matter, dont' let anybody use yoru computer, or cell phone, EVER! Those are your personal things. But if that is an issue... then if you do all the above, your devices should look clean to anybody snooping, though that shit should be discouraged as a matter of default policy.   If you ever are in a position to loan somebody a bit of money, always always assume the money is gone forever once you hand it over. So always have in your wallet just enough money that you're fine to lose. When you do give money, always make a huge deal of it, be dramatic, and persistent about pay back. Always remind the people you loan that they owe you. This feed-=back loop will reinforce your resolve to be paid back, and it discourages repeated loan requests because it's such a huge drama to deal with you. If anybody ever fails to pay back, then simply stop communicating with that person, and possibly get revenge. I would also advise you to take collateral for any loan, but remember you only ever loan small amounts... but take expensive items for collateral. Let it be known you will pawn that shit. Always get this kind of thing in writing, collateral or not.... take receipts and make petty contracts.  But the best thing of all is not to loan any money, I just want to convey the wrong ways and the right ways to make personal loans. You are not made of money, and you should never flaunt your relative wealth. But the problem is you will soon be held back by these people, and you need to move on. I know some of them are family and I'm guessing some friends too.   You really shouldn't have to hide anything. And you shouldn't have to feel guilty for having some small measure of success. It is what it is, and that's a fact, so it goes.
A script I wrote to do exactly this, but it also permutated the MAC addr, so good luck... If the badguy is using my script the mac addr is meaningless. Better to get on the switch and trace the ports leading to dhcp server, and then find out which is the source port.
The HP chromebook with TEgra K1 has been discontinued, so you might find it for a good price. The howto wiki I wrote to get FEdora working should work the same for that laptop, so long as the right DTB for tegra124-nyan-blaze is used.
Not within ChromeOS. Fedora runs directly on the hardware.  Hi, I wrote that wiki page. Thanks.
yeah, I was planning to use stainless wirebrush actually. Or maybe those fancy layered padded diamond pads. for sure not a standard grinding wheel. I'm hoping to get the Lodge pan rehabilitated
So apparently open carry has always been legal, so long as justifiable... I've seen a guy walk into a bank with bags of money, openly holster his hand gun. He was not any kind of armored vehicle driver, just a cowboy type looking guy. Nobody panicked, he made his deposit of a large sum, and left. I asked my teller about that, she said it's common actually for people who carry over 10k cash, some exemption in the law.
So I've installed Fedora on a Asus gaming laptop, it worked just fine. I have seen some laptops recently with inoperable touchpads, but those were fixed in a recent 4.4 kernel.
It's available in rawhide, or you can build a mainline kernel.  I'll ask around internally to see who is using that laptop. I know a few folks in the project using that one because it has a lot of memory (good for VMs). I suspect the touchpad thing might have been fixed in a recent 4.3 kernel (back ported).
Seems weird to install any app that is so into app permissions as the facebook app. I never did install it because I was so scared about it lookign at my address book. That is one thing I would like to avoid any app getting access.
So I applaud your sensitivity to the roommate, however....   It's entirely reasonable to cook food in the kitchen, and unless your cooking is very intensely aromatic of exotic or unusual spices... then you're not being unreasonable.    So it's not really about your cooking.  Sometimes young people are not used to living with others not part of their own family, and have boundary issues they express in really passive aggressive ways. It can be very petty sometimes, including: one roommate eat another's private food stock from pantry/refrigerator, leaving a mess in kitchen or common areas, music/noise levels, unwanted guests, etc...  You have to be accommodating, and expect a certain level of reasonable accommodation yourself. The first thing is you need to make sure your are being an excellent roommate, by respecting the other roommate, but this all falls into reasonable things and does require effort. Make sure you clean after yourself, that you are not loud or disruptive in the mornings or evenings, and that you don't the other roommates food without permission.  If you are an excellent roommate then you stand on the high ground, and when you do reasonable things that receive a complaint... you can simply say "I'm sorry you feel that way".
I always carry bear spray when I ride, for ... you know... bear attacks..... wink, nudge, nod...  The spray goes straight some 20 or 30 feet ... perfect for going in ~~somebody's open window~~ a bear's face, from far away.
Yeah, but if he was still being a jerk about it... Id' have called the cops too, what else is there to do... but you're right. The article made seem that she went straight for the nuclear option, which only escalated the issue.
Interesting, but sadly my brain instantly thought about the recent Microsoft/Redhat deal where the official C# implementation would be ported to Linux for cloud stuff.
No, that's not what I wrote, and did not remotely suggest or imply that. The child has nothing to do with anything here, it's between the mother and father. The mother owns the phone, and delegated the device to her child. So from the mother's perspective the phone is stolen. That is a situation for the police. and that is what I would have done if I were the mother. From that perspective that it's insane the father prevailed in criminal court, but other circumstances we considered and apparently were relevant enough to weight the judge or jury's decision.
This was heavily reported, and removed for rule violation. Just wanted to say thanks /r/programming readers, your reports are valuable.
Well firstly, you need to be polite but firm with your management staff. When this kind of thing happens, you must call it out, and politely request compensation or reasonable explanation.   You might want to get in the habit of signing and dating your time sheets,  then making photo copies, or snapping a picture with your phone. This sends a subtle message to managers your keeping records.  The bottom line is you did the work, you have a wage, so you should expect to be paid for time served. IF you were working a contract that goes by some other terms, then that is different.
Whoa, that is a much better picture all around, thanks!  Those bulbs look really cool, are they the vintage style bulbs you can pay a little extra? I've seen something like those at my area big box home store, and always wanted to try them. Looks like a nice warm light, but does it throw off a harsh shadows or anything bean into your eyes, and do they dim?
You're welcome, and I'm really glad it was not the IPv6. I think there is a setting some place to control the journal database size, so that it rotates/archives more or less aggressively. Good luck!
Both your proposed options sounds really idealistic.  Before I go any farther with my suggestion, see this recent video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CVEuPmVAb8o  Now that you've watched and absorbed that message.... It sounds like you have a passion for music, but that didn't work out, and you've identified that. Good start! Don't give up on music, it can be a fine hobby, and who knows you might make some decent material when your not under pressure to do so.   Anyways, you should exit the tattoo artist thing gracefully, finish any appointments, and move forward. That is a fine profession, and you can maybe do some tattoo stuff while pursuing your studies, but don't let that lifestyle distract you, and you know what I'm talking about! I'd say you might just close the chapter completely; Move to a new city, start school with a modest workload you can handle, live as frugally as you can handle but not too much, and most of all you won't be distracted by those people you leave behind. I'll be frank with you, the reason I suggest you move is because of your windfall inheritance is like winning the lottery, and sometimes it's better to just not let anybody know, and for you I think you might consider riding off into the sunset. Your young enough to do it, you have the means to support yourself, so get out of that scene your in. Keep long distance touch with some of the better friends, and maybe come back to visit one in a while, but move your home base far away, out of state preferably.  BTW - you you already had some school, or experience running a business, I'd say go for that... but you don't, and most new business fail. We don't want you to fail, so go to school, save as much money as you can.... invest the money you won't need, like 400k can go into a mix of investment vehicles, you live on the remaining 100k, and work on the side.
I think Microsoft is tired of feeding Steam, and their own App store is a joke, or so I'm told. (I'm a Linux PC user &amp; Sony console gamer)  This is yet another reason Valve needs to push their SteamOS hard on OEM's and hardware vendors. If they can produce a laptop that does games, and incidentally does productivity apps or whatever a young person would need for school.... they could own! And, that would be ironic considering the founder of Valve is left Microsoft employment to start Valve.
What is your setup for moving the camera during the times lapse? I'm trying to get into doing that myself, and I'm going with a DIY stepper motor on a piece of extruded aluminum track. Your camera motions are so tangential, and I want to get a clue how your setup those shots. I mostly only do time lapse, and I really respect your work. Keep going, amazing!
I'm somewhat skeptical, yet cautiously optimistic. Food scientists have been going two different directions on grains, mostly in the direction oh high yield grains, but there has always been the folks cultivating for nutritional value. So I'm a bit skeptical that bakers are suddenly driving innovation in grain science. They might be pushing the industry towards this topic, but they are certainly not innovating. But anyways, milling grain closer to the consumers is totally awesome! I've always wanted to build my own DIY grain mill, they are not that hard really. And yeah, one would always have to adapt the recipe because this is not industrial baking anymore.
Meh... I use Linux on my desktop, don't have these kind of issue. Sorry bro!
I always get pink and purple cables. Pink because they are never get stolen, and it's a great colour for denoting certain kinds of traffic.
Well this somewhat suggests some bias or prejudice to a type of diet, and that is kinda shitty.   So actually the diet I'm on has a huge cost, which is high protein with low carbohydrate. This is no FAD diet, as by now the ideas and concepts established by Dr. Atkins are accepted medical facts. Starvation diets are nice and all, if your into suffering, and they do have the nice effect of saving money due to less consumption. But they are probably less effective than low-carb diets, which cost a lot more.   But regardless, I don't want to get into a spat about diet philosophy. I'd like to also mention that besides costing more for a high-protein diet, a more normal diet that is highly nutritious seems to cost more. Or rather I've always noticed that economically challenged individuals seem to have fewer healthy food choices at affordable prices. For example a Dollar menu item costs less than other healthier choices. Inexpensive frozen entries pack calories, but not very healthy, etc... So one can choose to eat less to save money, but in my opinion eating well, and striving to eat well with as little expense necessary is the key goal, and that is not always cheap.
gee, at this point everyone on my psn friend list has not login for the past year.
I went from droboFS to Synology 1813+   Switched to Synology because Drobo does not have a webui to manage the NAS, they have their desktop application that does not support Linux, and I'm a Linux user. Was even a Drobo apps developer at one point, and I like how Drobo work from that perspective. However, Drobo developer forums policies are too restrictive and moderated. Synology has more apps, and a healthy developer ecosystem. As far as ease of use goes, they are both really simpleso. for Drobo so long as you are windows or Mac user willing install their app. I will say one thing about the Synology webui has been the target of hackers and used to get a lot of people hacked who were dumb enough to have their NAS directly on the internet. Regardless i'd never go back to Drobo ever again.
I'm sorry you learned of this situation the way you did.  Look, given what you wrote about HR pushing back hard on advancing your pay higher, I suspect it's time to consider other prospects. From the company point of view it's totally rational of them to push back on existing employees pay. Just accept that they look out for their own self-interests just like you do your own. Sometimes the market rate for new hires does go up, while current employees pay rate is still less, and that is sorta optimal for the employer, just accept that, it's true. Now I'm just trying to play devils advocate a bit here, but nothing is false, so that said.... you need to keep your best interests to your core, and if knowing your replacement earns more than you bothers you, well question why that is, understand your self and what makes you feel the way you do, and be rational. If it makes you feel bad, and you can say why then your best move is to stop the cause of the bad feelings. So leave, or confront the company about it, or both. There are so many jobs out there, that it's not worth it to have a company making you upset.
Thanks!  But still, the different is minimal... but you have great info on the discharge cycles, so thanks again. A bunch of 18650 cells is expensive, well.. at retail cost they are, not at giga-factory costs
I have played through twice now. Probably going to hit it a 3rd time, but not sure. (going for trophies)  I keep playing it because I actually like the game, even though I agree it's story does not exactly trump it's game play. On my 2nd play through I attempted the trophy to not set off any alerts/alarms, and I am pretty sure that happened, but didn't get the trophy, which seems to be a common problem.  Anyways, its fun for  me... You can level-up your avatar to suite your play style, and the game changes depending how you play.
This is why I stopped using the playstation store entirely. Had a few online purchases early on, but so many reports of people losing their huge investment in game purchases online... it's so much better to only ever by the disc version. Who cares about online friends, or whatever, and trophies are cool. But trophies can be regained, or disregarded, ultimately it's all about playing the game.
Spot on.  People respond to incentives, and I'm not sure why this reality is commonly ignored by people.  I have only once heard somebody say "I'm not emotionally stable enough to have firearm in my house", and it was actually one of my ex-girlfriends. She was at least self aware of her crazy side to know that she shouldn't have firearms in the house. I totally respect that, but not everyone is self aware.
Wow, less than $10 on Amazon. Hehe... picked it up, and always regretted not seeing at the theater. Now I'll get to watch it in my home theater, but pity not in 3d. meh
I got it, and it's pretty ok glass
I happen to own a set of Irwin groove locks, and they are great, but I've also heard the Knipex cobras are better. They both do the locking thing, so meh... I've always used a Lennox hand saw for drywall, but holy cow after getting my Dewalt oscillating tool ... dry wall is a snap! Also good for making holes in old-work boxes.  So how do you like the Milwaukee insulated drivers? I am asking because those are on my list, and I'm leaning toward Wera Kraftform Insulated, mostly because other folks I know swear by them. But they are expensive, and not USA made.
Nevermind, I found that the extension does indeed achieve the desired result, had I only looked at the extension settings before posting. bah!
What are the latest substation innovations these days? These days I'm a Linux software engineer, used to be an electrician out of high school, but have a strong arm-chair electrical engineering hobby... lately all I think about are how to prevent arc faults in sub-stations. So I'd love to see what an actual designer might have to say, if your willing to share?
Agreed. As somebody who has a very well equipped home kitchen, and who constantly experiments with new foods.... I am totally able to eat cheap buffets, to fine french, or whatever.... Inspiration comes from all places, and it's a mistake to close down ones mind to things, especially something so basic as food.
I feel your pain.  Now imagine it can get even worse, you could be working from home 100%. Think of that lonely cubicle multiplied by 10x. At least you can track down your boss lady for an in person face to face, working at home.... your best chances are to get a video conference when her time permits.    Another situation could be that you work in a different city from your boss lady, so you might work in an office with other people, you don't work for any of them, and they don't work with you.    My advice, find a way to make the best of the situation. Take up a "work hobby" in the spare 10% of time. Perhaps study for some topic you find really interesting, ideally something for the next leap in your career.
It's good that you're going for walks, not sending nasty emails.   I started off just like you, single sysadmin, and salaried.... sounds like you might be hourly considering you need to get approved for overtime, which in your case might be a good thing. Because actually you want to avoid overtime for very basic reasons, people NEED time off, period. Also the employer wants to reduce over-time, and employer doesn't want to lose the sole remaining technology person.  When the stress level increases, take a break. Literally get up from what you're doing, and just walk away for a bit. I say this because I sense you're younger, and prone to frustration, so just release the pressure, and come back to whatever it was you were doing, and resume. This takes practice, trust me, and it can seem awkward when it happens as the result of end-user interaction, but it must be done. Anyways, back to over-time, simply don't do it, and it's not the end of the world if some work has to wait to get finished. At this point that is unavoidable, and you have to embrace the fact you're in a no-win situation. In StarTrek this is called the "kobiashi maru", and the Starfleet captain simply has to deal with the bad situation, and find the best outcome. That is you right now. The best outcome is to have weekends off, and let the work pile up. that work is never going to reduce, it's only going to grow, and you are one person. So let nature take it's course, do the BEST you can DO, never seem to be idle.... go from one task to the next, and close out tickets or whatever. Tracking your work is critical here, so you can demonstrate to your management that your productivity is peaked. This will come in handy for that conversation with management, they like to have metrics to make decisions. That is how management works, it's data driven, so it's your responsibility to generate the data they need to do their job. That might seem cold and psychopathic, but that is the situation we all face in the IT world. Anyways, if you absolutely must perform some kind of critical off-hour work, then yes schedule over-time, but don't ask for permission. Just do the needful, and only the needful. This comes down to defining what "critical work" means to you,  and your department. Not just critical stuff, you have to define the importance of every task, and prioritize.  Spend more time doing that, planning your work, and plotting how your time is spent. In other words pay more focus on your work flow than the work itself. Because you are the sole-sysadmin you pretty much get unilateral decision power here, so be reasonable when these choices are later questioned. This comes to the next point, do everything out in the open, and professional, because when the backlog of work begins to complain, you WILL be scrutinized, and you need to be squeaky clean in terms of work ethics and work flows.  Trust me when you implement these ideas, your frustration just fizzles away. Consider that people working in a fast food restaurant have the same exact problems you have. They have to provide great customer service, but they have to make the best situation. Sometimes they get slammed with work, and customers have delays in what is otherwise fast service. service desk and sysadmin work are not very different from fast food industry if you think about it. Your providing a service to customers, and you really have to be polite and courteous despite the challenges. Your managers are probably not very experienced managers, they are in a university so they probably don't have industry experience, and believe me managing people like yourself (like most IT people in general) is not exactly easy. So that that into perspective, they are inexperienced, and IT folks are not easy to manage.   So when your day ends, leave. When your weekend comes, do something for yourself, and forget about work. When Monday comes, be refreshed and ready to kick ass. You will be way more productive if you have these boundaries set, and probably management will eventually be forced to hire another employee to help you. Mean while you will gain valuable experience that you can apply to your next IT job.  Good luck
those where the good days.  We were actually making traction into Apple mac users because we have desktop rotating cubes, and wobbly window effects, and all of that stuff.
Have a stash of water bottles, flash light(s), whistles, hand held ham radio (optional), blankets, protein bars, first aid kit, small backup batteries to charge mobile device.  Stuff like that, you want to have a small compact bag of things to have in case you experience a tornado. In the worst case your home collapses around you, and you're alive.... just survive on your kit until emergency crews can dig you out, but it might be a while.
A few years ago I was working as a sysadmin mostly working on RHEL servers, so I got my RHCE, and really wasn't satisfied. I knew Fedora was the upstream distro for RHEL, and figured I'd have a competitive edge in the marketplace if I knew more about Fedora. So I started scoping out the Fedora documentation, using Fedora in lab experiments instead of RHEL.   So I came for selfish reasons, to advance my career as a sysadmin, but got sucked into the Fedora community. My primary interest was working on ARM computers, so I spent a lot of time helping out in #fedora-arm on IRC (Freenode). Eventually I decided to meet the folks in real life, so I attended a Fedora tech conference. Fast forward a bit.... One thing led to another, before I knew it I was granted all kinds of project privileges, and offered a job at Red Hat.  The Job was like a dream come true, as a Linux sysadmin I sorta idolized a Red Hat, and here I was being offered a job! I had "made it", sorta speak.... In Fedora I am one of the few folks who is lucky enough to push updated packages to the yum repos, so that means I get to GPG sign everything (which is the ultimate level of trust in the community).  Mind you, I have a really terrible case of impostor syndrome, so to this day I don't feel worthy of any of this. Sry if that was long winded, but that is the story. Thanks for taking an interest.
I've always used keepassX to keep my passwords, and regularly save the encrypted database online. Works for me, but in the pass companies would have a password management system. I don't think keeping clear-text credentials is ever a good idea, so maybe send an encrypted datafile to the vault .
Nouveau works great!  I am able to play all the games on Steam that I have for Linux, with one exception (Goat simulator). There is no reason to use proprietary driver anymore as Nouveau does well enough
do this elready, but now instead i perceive how much food i could buy when im old retired
I totally used those forums for a while, mostly back in the days when I was new to the Fedora community. So it serves a purpose for sure, and not sure it even overlaps with Reddit.
