Are... are you my parts guy?  It's like pulling freaking teeth to get little stuff like that.
It may be faster, but they're going to have like 5 minutes of play time.  A 7200mah 3 cell (more powerful than the battery he used) in my Traxxas slash (like the rc truck he used, but 4wd) lasts about 20 minutes if I'm easy on the throttle.  And it doesn't have all that weight to push around.
Finally, I *am* the 1%!
From working hard and not being a drain on society?  Go to a tech school, get into a trade.  It's pretty easy for a couple of slightly trained people to combine for 60-70k, roughly $15 an hour, especially after a couple of years of experience.  2 years out of tech school, I was an auto tech making $14 an hour.  By the 3rd year, I was a few over that.  My wife works in banking, without a degree, and makes well over that $15 threshold.  Combine this with actually knowing how to handle your money, and it ain't hard.  100k in 10 years is about 850/month.  Anyone with kids knows that's about the same as daycare for one child.  So wait until you're 30 to have children.  Wait until you're 25 to have a children, invest 850/month from 20-25, and still have over 2 million.  At 600/month from 20-25 it's worth 1.6 million at 65.  Only invest that 850/month from 25-30, when your careers are a little more established, and have nearly 1.5 million at 65.  Invest $600/month in that time and you'll still have just over a million at 65.  All of this is assuming 10%, which can never be assumed, and I didn't even include interest compounding while you're doing the saving.  It also doesn't include matching 401k, it doesn't even have to add anything after the initial 5 or 10 year deposits.
hah, I'm totally gonna get that for my father in law, he can't drive a truck anymore because of health issues!
I bought a big ass projection tv on CL.  Picked it up in 03 nissan altima.  I asked him for the measurements.  I went out to the car, and measured all the dimensions.  It should fit perfect, with about an inch on either side!  So I get there, and we carry it out.  Shit, it's too tall, the top of the doorway is low.  Okay, i pulled the bottom of the back seat out, and it slides right through the door.  Yes!  No.  It's a little longer than I thought, it seems.  I have to scoot the passenger seat up all the way to kinda put it at an angle.  Yes!  Get it all situated and go to close the doors.  Shit.  The top of the doors taper in and they won't close.  I had to roll down the windows, and it barely fit.
Well shit, now I want to move to Germany.  Are all of these laws federal, or can individual states make their own rules?  Are the licenses a federal license, or issued by the state?  I wish we could do that here, I'd love to get my Corolla to 90 mph!^^^justonce-driving ^^^fast ^^^uses ^^^too ^^^much ^^^gas  Picture 22 could have been taken here.  There's always someone in an Audi thinking he's on the autobahn riding your ass.  10 over just ain't enough when he has an Audi!
I wish, I always wanted Krang, but never got him.  I do have this freakin' [creep](http://www.tmnttoys.com/90figures/series3/5107.htm).
I'm curious what identafix says for a 2007.  I've never used identafix..  I looked up an 03, and it's 2.8 on a 2003, 7.8 on a 2007, which is the same vehicle, lol.  alldata still says 7.8 on a 2003, but prodemand is 2.8  Just more evidence the people making these things have no idea what they're talking about sometimes!
Some cars apply the fucking parking brake when you open the door in gear!  I want to say Audi q7 does it?  I don't remember.
This happened to me once, except instead of a wall, it was an oil tank with 300 gallons of used oil in it.  Luckily, we have those center post lifts you can rotate a little bit while it moves up/down, so I raised it a bit, and pushed, and barely had enough room to squeeze it out.
Hey!  This fixed it!  Thanks a ton!
Oh hell yeah, i align them every time.  This one also had a front lower control arm replacement, so I had an alignment anyway :(
Auto tech here.  We all buy our own tools.  This asshole next to me seems to think what's mine is his also.  Last week, I caught him bringing in his little take-home toolbox (for when he has work to do at home).  The day before, I had noticed I had an extension missing, and was looking everywhere for it, but couldn't find it.  Inside his little toolbox?  Yep.  My extension, and one of my oil filter sockets.  Yesterday, a pair of dikes that had been missing for some time just magically showed up, in my pliers drawer, situated in a way I wouldn't have placed them.  And Monday when I got to work, this was the kicker that really flipped my trigger.  I get to work, and there's a large tool that sits under my toolbox (an engine support, too long to fit inside).  This tool was missing.  I'm looking around for it, asking people in our shop if they saw anyone poking around.  Nobody knows anything.  I walk across to our other dealership, and start asking around, and one of the techs over there has it!  Apparently, Mr. What'sYoursIsMine decided to *loan out* my shit.  HE LOANED MY TOOLS TO SOMEONE ELSE.  He said "I thought it was a shop tool, heuheuheu!"  Motherfucker, you know damn well nothing in this area is a shop tool.  You were fucking here when I bought the damn thing.  Ugh, fuck that fucking guy.
Oh come on, that f117a game was the most amazing thing ever.  I spent so many hours landing at enemy bases and blowing everything up with the machine gun.  I had some badass high scores.
Holy shit I wish this happened at my work.  That lousy fuck that flags like 12 hours a week (but is hourly for some reason and doesn't care) and always uses my tools would be outta there.
Yeah, but i mean...  Kansans already got that /r/kansas shit locked up.  Man, I haven't spelled Kansas out since grade school.  It looks weird, like I spelled it wrong, or I'm 10 years old again.  And I've lived here for 31 years.
Hah, that ended the same way as last week.  But I was kinda worried last week.
When I got the first Witcher game, it was on a real disc, with book and all.  For some reason, I had it mailed to my work, and was all giddy about it all day at work!
And here's what will be playing at work all week:  Alex "[Air Raid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIos0ya-yss)" Smith's theme song.
Funny and all, but I went to my (5 year old) daughter's friend's 5th birthday party.  There was a guy there with his granddaughter.  This guy went to school with my sister.  My sister is 36.
In the spirit of the game?  No.  But in the spirit of me getting up for work in 5 hours, yes.
Oh my God, it's not just me?  I thought I was taking crazy pills!
I was thinking about using the 2 or 3 way on my slide hammer, with the jaws facing outward, but I was worried about scratching the inside of the bore.  Do you know what size blind hole you've used?  Most of them in the style of this puller thing are only 1 1/4", and that seems too small.
Why is there condensation on the inside?  And especially enough to block the view?  Never have I ever had condensation on the inside of my windshield.  K, thanks for downvotes.  Moisture doesn't condensate on the inside if your defrost is working properly.  Defrost runs the ac, which dries the air.  Dry air means no moisture and no condensation.  Only way I could figure is snow coming in through the fresh air intake and blowing out defrost, but it's only doing that when it's running, and only after sitting with fluffy snow to filter through the cowl.  Not freezing overnight on the inside of the windshield.
Ew, I had some moist crayons on my passenger seat one time.  I had to take it to a detailer to get them out.
Where do you live?  Somewhere it never freezes?  Because that's not how it works.  If anything, there's a fog on the inside, which vanishes within seconds with defrost.  If there's still ice, it's on the outside.  It's not going to melt on the inside, then condensate on the inside, then freeze again.  I deal with this several times every single work day during the winter, with vehicles that sit multiple days in a row.  It's always below freezing overnight, and about half of the time above freezing during the day.  There is not ice on the inside of a window, nor is there an accumulation of water.  Period.  When above freezing, it is, at worst, it's like a bathroom mirror after a hot shower.  I can clear that just by using the exhaust fan and cracking the door in a couple minutes.  Imagine how fast I could clear it if I had dehumidified air blowing directly on the mirror.
&gt; Moisture doesn't condensate on the inside if your defrost is working properly  Your defrost is not working properly then, unless your vehicle wasn't optioned with AC from the factory.  &gt;[ You DO need the AC system in working order to use the defroster. The compressor and all that jazz is what removes moisture from the air. I can tell you that the heater certainly doesn't function to dry out the air.](https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20130817121222AAR7Tzo)   I know, I know, yahoo answers may not be the most credible source, but just google it.  The AC compressor runs when defrost runs, and virtually every link you find will be people talking about the AC running when defrost is on.  The AC system dehumidifies.  Therefore, it will defog and prevent moisture, or whatever, on the inside of your windshield.  On my car, I've changed it so it doesn't turn on the AC automatically with defrost.  It doesn't work worth a shit 90% of the time, the windshield just continues to fog up.
I don't have a lot of experience with newer years of those, but historically, the Civic and 3 are much more solid vehicles.    Don't get me wrong, feature and nicety wise, the VW vehicles are top notch.  But when it comes to cost of ownership, especially over the long run, they're blown away by the vehicles they wish to compete with.  As an example, we had a Jetta come in a couple months ago.  Super nice Jetta, really well maintained 2006 GLI with barely 100k.  It had a huge nav touchscreen, turbo, 6 speed... loaded.  Had a check engine light and a misfire at idle.  Nobody in our shop wanted to deal with it, so we sublet it to the VW dealership for diag.  Few days later, they come back with a $5,000 estimate.  I don't remember what it needed, but holy hell, $5k on a maintained 100k mile vehicle?  No thanks.  I mean, you could replace the engine and trans in a 2006 Civic for that price, but this VW will still have a 100k+ engine.  All in all, I just remember that a car will always (unless it's some super rare thing you don't drive) decrease in value.  If I'm going to lose 7-10k in value over the next 5 years, why not buy something that will be more reliable and cost less to maintain?  Cream of the crop in cost of ownership over the past decade have been the Civic and Corolla.
It's fucking official ladies!  We did it!
40 minutes left, i'll let you guys know if I go to the hospital!  Edit: I'm okay guys, tcu playing Basketball really bringing me back down
When I was like, 5 years old, maybe slightly older, there was this bottle in the bath tub.  We only had one shower/tub in the house at the time.  It was probably 1/2 a liter or 20oz bottle or so.  I think my sisters used it for rinsing their hair, they would have been 9 and 11 +/- at the time.  I always got a kick out of peeing in said bottle and seeing how much I had in me.  I'd even hold it for hours before bath time to see how much.  I'd usually just go in it, then pour it in the toilet, and call it good.  Be fascinated with my own ability to store so much liquid.  Well, one time I forgot to pour it out.  Oh man, I thought my sisters were going to kill me dead.  They were mortified that they'd been pouring water on their heads out of this pee bottle for who knows how long!  I still think back on it now, 25 years later, and get a good chuckle out of it.  I wonder if they remember it....
I'm so nervoussited!
Had a Sonata the other day that showed a recall.  We use safecar.gov to check recalls for cars for our lot.  Turned out that recall only applied to certain build dates, and our car didn't fit it.
When my wife bought an Accent in 2007, it could be optioned like that.  No head unit, but all the speakers were there I think.
Very well.  I have no idea who Tata is, but i like he name.  If I had two in my garage, I could say I love Tatas.
They're a coil on spring strut, and the spring breaks near the lower perch, then works it's way down, spinning around the perch, and eventually that broken end will contact the tire.  I have no idea what the guy's intentions were, he might have fixed it himself at home.  But we also live in a state with hillbillies and no mandated safety inspections, so there's that.
My niece has ailurophobia.  The irrational fear...  of cats.  House cats, specifically.  She's fine at the zoo with lions and stuff, but maybe that's because of the cage.  Last time she stayed at our house, she slept on the couch.  Her crying woke us up, she was freaking out because the cat was sleeping on the rocking chair.  It's so freaking weird and cracks me up!
I've removed a lot of axle nuts, and s snapped a couple breaker bars, but I'm not really sure how the two could possibly overlap.
Jah is a family name.  Brothers.
Caught smoking synthetic mj at half time, had to go to the police station.
Hi there!  Formerly worked at a Goodyear corporate store.  They have 3 levels of techs.  General Service Tech is a lube tech, General Maintenance Tech is a glorified lube tech, and then Technicians.  GST does tires and oil changes and the like.  GMT does tires, oil changes, flushes and etc; mostly "maintenance" things, and overflow when Techs are busy.  Technicians do everything else, and some GMT work when they're slow.  GST and GMT are paid hourly (as in, clocked time, not flat rate), and Techs are paid flat rate.  Flat rate is based on the amount the customer pays, and most service contract accounts pay a lower rate.  They do this so GY can get the contracts and make money from these big accounts.  As a result, doing a 3 hour job on your company truck wouldn't pay the same as a 3 hour job on your personal vehicle.  You can imagine, the techs don't really like working on these big accounts, and usually shove them off on the GMT when they have something else to do.  Can confirm: was GMT and Technician.  Techs also have a guarantee of 75% of their clocked in time.  Meaning, if they're at work for 40 hours in a week, they're guaranteed to be paid 30 hours.  If they get 25 hours, they get paid 30.  If they get 35 hours, they get paid 35 hours.  No strings attached.  So, you can rest assured, it didn't kill that guys paycheck at a Goodyear store.  At least, that is my experience from about 6 years ago, and I think all corporate GY stores pay the same way.
Some people like dealerships and some don't.  I really like working at a dealership because:  Special tools are provided, saves a ton of money.  Manufacturer training is provided, so we get a better background on stupid ways Chrysler has designed something  We get access to more vehicle information.  I can find any diagram and in higher quality than prodemand or alldata.  If you screw something up, it's a larger company, and they can absorb that easier.  Both if something takes you too long (because there are more techs to pick up the slack) and if you misdiag or something, they can afford the correct fix out of pocket.    Buuuuuut, there are downsides.    Lots of drama. Dealerships are full of drama queens, most of the time.  I just stay out of it and try to be friendly to (almost) everyone.
My dad always said my fingers were cold because there was no blood flowing through them because all I did was play on the computer.  Well, after 10 years of working with my hands in heat and cold, my hands are still cold when it's cold out.
I was with my wife and kiddo one night, not too late, around 7 pm.  It was dark already.  I'm coming up to a [big intersection](https://www.google.com/maps/@39.0442376,-95.6822447,156m/data=!3m1!1e3), westbound on 12th.  It's hard to see northbound traffic, because it's so far away.  It's also hard to tell if they're stopping because of the distance, and my vision sucks at night.  Light is green for a long time as I'm approaching, and stays green.  People in this city have no freaking idea how to drive, so I always look to make sure dumbasses aren't running red lights.  I'm coming up to my green light, and I can already see this minivan balling through the intersection at like 45 mph.  So I stop, and I lay on the horn as the pass by.  I watch them blow by, and see a police officer stopped in a southbound lane.  Flips on his lights, and away he goes.  Glad that officer was there, but shit, we all could have died at that intersection if I weren't paying attention.  Timing would have been pretty close to T-boning driver side of the car.
I got a letter and got it replaced a week or so later.  05 corolla.  I'm a little sketchy though, it didn't reset my clock or radio, and still has the same cover on it...  Edit, Nvm on the cover, poster below says it's only on pass airbag.
I installed the virtualhere client on my desktop, and enabled USB sharing on my Steam Link.  It finds the controller and the mouse attached to my Link (as well as a "steam controller", which I don't have).  I enable it or whatever, and all it does is flashes the whole logo on the controller (instead of the upper left corner for player 1), and the controller doesn't work at all (not even desktop mode)
I participate in one of these "programs."  It's never anything stellar that they send, it never goes above and beyond, but the products  (thus far) have done a great job for their listed amazon price.  They've been something I'd purchase for the price listed, if it were presented for that price while I was shopping for that item.
There's a mod for ME2 that does a really nice controller conversion, except no aim assist, and I was hoping to be able to use that with it.  I'll have to try administrator mode tomorrow, hopefully it can do something!  Any launch options you had to set?  I have to launch ME2 in windowed borderless mode.
Oh geez, then she hangs my nice shirts, but she buttons the second button down, instead of the top button, so then the necks are all out of sorts!
