I'm just happy as long as the Patriots get there because it'll more or less negate our lost draft pick.
I don't want to take away the Denver defense's glory, but I just won't be able to accept Peyton getting a ring this year. Not after he led the league in interceptions between now and when he was benched against Kansas City. I'm probably gonna get downvoted a ton for saying that, but I don't care! He doesn't deserve it this year!
I'm flattered you think we can win in Denver.
Can't even hear it, my Internet is that shitty.
I'm just going off geography.  I also don't expect Boston and Montreal to break up, nor do I expect Toronto to break up with Buffalo or Ottawa or Quebec to not be in Montreal's division. This makes the most sense as far as rivalries go.
True. But in my defense, I am a petty bastard.
As a football fan in general, you should be screaming at the television wondering why the fuck he's not calling timeouts.
God no. After that blowout in Kansas City, my first instinct was to blame Belichick the GM. That Mankins trade really screwed us up the first month. I can only imagine the catharsis Brady felt against Cincinnati.
I assume they freeze it to keep it fresh? Does it cost any extra to order?  I'm just asking because I live in New England, so when I think of seafood, I default to fishermen in Gloucester and Portsmouth. You know, by the water. Though thinking about it more, I suppose driving a truckload of lobster from Maine to Springfield is about the same timeframe as flying a plane to Missouri.
As a Slytherin myself, I say we're Ravenclaw so long as Belichick's coaching us.  ...Even if it gives us something in common with the Ravens.
I might become a Jags fan for the ownership alone!  Though any team in a division with the Colts gets my approval either way. But Khan's probably the smartest businessman among the 31 owners, so he gets the nod.
At 70 cents to the US dollar?  EDIT: I may or may not understand the conversion rates. Does Canada pay more or less than us?
I mean, I had travel in mind to a certain extent when making up these pairings, but sure. Who gets the most hate in Vancouver, then?
...I was hoping someone would finish the line, but at least someone got the reference, and that's all I really wanted...
I would, but I don't want "sylvester stallone porn" in my Google search history.  EDIT: It's on Sylvester Stallone's Wikipedia page. Why did I not think it would be that simple?  The Internet is really, really, great.
I think Brady's said that he doesn't see coaching in his future. Something about not having the patience for it?
Maybe I'm saying not to complain about QB is because I know we're never going to have another Brady for as long as I live. Maybe I'm bracing myself for becoming a shadow of what we once were.
White guy who doesn't know what t-boning means.
Dude, I got wiped trying to weaken one Xurkitree. TWICE! Trust me, Beast Balls are all but required.
I used to think that. Until I realized what an absolute dumpster fire that organization is. I wouldn't wish that on Ryan Fucking Fitzpatrick.
In general, duh.  Of course, I don't know the statistics on that, this is just what I've gleaned over the last few years (granted, I'm going off of Jimmy Garoppolo and Dak Prescott, so there may be some recency bias there).
I'm only interested in the Japanese *Fairy Tail* fandom, though.
You almost got back into that.  Fucking Kiko Alonso...
I knew the magic was on Atlanta's side today.  Come to think of it, wasn't Foxboro Stadium's final game during ur 2001 run?  ...  Shit, I don't like that omen.
Oh my God, that goal line stand... I know it benefits us in the long run, but part of me wanted to just give them the touchdown!
I dunno, considering how much time they've spent in Kennebunkport over the years, they've probably picked up at least some Patriots fandom.  EDIT: Well, if they're FROM Houston, that makes a hell of a lot more sense.
If I'm gonna spend a fortune on football, I at most want to spend it on admission and MAYBE the Pro Shop. MAYBE. No sense blowing big money to feed myself.
Don't ask me. I'm still trying in vain to rationalize Deflategate.
Yeah, when he couldn't punch it in against the Rams eight months later (I remember that game being on the Sunday of my birthday dinner that year, but I could be thinking of another one), it kinda vindicated letting Wilson attempt a pass, which at least would've stopped the clock barring an interception. Really, they were caught between not wanting to risk Brady having any time to work with and not wanting to run the clock out on themselves (though I don't know how many timeouts they had at that point).
I don't care what anyone says, Brady's age fucking scares me. I'm all for keeping Garoppolo around in case Brady gets hurt or otherwise falls off the cliff, and even potentially trading Brady in 2018 if someone's willing to take a chance on a 41-year-old quarterback.  In fact, outright cut Brady in 2018 if you have to! I don't doubt Belichick would do it for the long-term health of the franchise, and I know Brady's seen enough of Bill's ruthlessness to know he's gotta be on the chopping block at some point. Of course, then you open yourself up to him potentially signing with the Bills or Jets and playing us twice a year for however long he keeps playing (hell, I would root for him the other fourteen times), but if Garoppolo's our future, then Bill can't afford to stray from that path, even if it means Brady wins a Super Bowl with his new team.
If Big Ben does retire, I'd be totally on board with that.
Bruh, ever since I joined the fandom mid-Tenrou Island, there's been no shortage of NaLu shippers acting like arrogant, self entitled brats and an absolute dearth of ones that act like reasonable, rationally thinking human beings. And every time I somehow convinced myself that they were the exception, I would get brutally reminded that they were indeed the rule.  Don't get me wrong, NaLu is a fine ship that I wish I could enjoy, but when you have 99.999% of Twitter NaLus harassing Mashima over Lisanna being in the same panel as Natsu, even sending him DEATH THREATS, yet not one prominent NaLu shipper does a damn thing to condemn this atrocious behavior, I would tend to think my hatred for this cancer of a shipping fandom is highly justified.
And this is why we're so good. Because we have a coach that cares to hear it from his quarterback's point of view. Granted, he might not listen to it coming from Jimmy Garoppolo's perspective, but it's nice to see him care about what his Hall of Fame quarterback sees on the actual field.
Generally I do that when I'm a guest. My streams tend to go a bit wild.
I honestly didn't think that many coaches took player input. I'm deeply sorry for my gross arrogance.
The Flint Water Cleaners.  And yes, I'm aware I'm going to hell.
Jesus Christ, I had no idea we had such a history with this asshole!
No way! I doubt you got a pic, but what was it like? Was it an outline or something? Because even an outline would do so much for the horseshoe!
I'll even bring my red wig in anticipation.
Have vacationed in the Jersey shore. Can confirm.
Ah. I was never a Prince fan (was never really exposed to his music outside of Little Red Corvette), so I didn't know off the top of my head.
Huh. In Wildwood Crest, the stations seemed to cover the Phillies, and a local restaurant seemed to be an Eagles sports bar.
I just never heard that many of his songs. Little Red Corvette, and that's it. Oh, and Party Like It's 1999, though I used to think that was someone else entirely.
Honestly, this is one of those games I fear because, if our new high(er?)-powered offense hasn't gelled by that point, it's gonna be a long afternoon.
Shit. Thanks for reminding me of my glass house.
Keep in mind I'm not stupid enough to try this myself (not that you're stupid of course), so I have no way of knowing.
My bad. I missed that part.
Eeeyikes. Not an ideal position to be in for your first roster.  Source: Bruins fan.
Chick-Fil-A people are really nice... except when you and your wife want to get lunch with your brother and his partner. Then things get hairy.  Disclaimer: Single, straight (more aro/heterosex, really), only sibling is a sister.
I assume we're just going by the starter in our first playthroughs of a generation, in which case I've picked Fire every Gen but Kanto.
