I always use my elbow when striking a wall, much less chance of injury.
Last year I took a few days off work because my grandmother really was in the hospital.  Pretty sure my boss thinks i was BS-ing him.
Fair enough.  Most of my first dates are with girls I barely know.
Wow, you just made this 29 yr old feel very unaccomplished.
I take my shirt off when shitting, just in case.
The problem though is that if I follow the proper channels then my resume will end up in a pile with a hundred other ones, assuming it isn't filtered out by Taleo.
Goals vs Habits is also the central thesis of Scott Adams' self help book *How to Fail at Almost Everything and Still Win Big*  I've read it several times and loved it.
My last name rhymes with a certain mexican food, and a popular corn chip.  The amount of nickels I'd get from hearing people make fun of the similarity would net far more than $73
This is a good reminder for me to never let myself be alone with a child.
I've been trying to replicate the Tobey Maguire Spider-Man look, as seen [here](http://i.imgur.com/Fc6gZzP.png)
At university I met a guy who asked if I was interested in making extra money; 2 days later I was at an Amway presentation.  Last year my MMA coach tried to recruit me for a coffee sales pyramid scheme.
I know what I'm doing next time I go to the dentist!
I limited myself to a degree with good economic value.  Years later I still haven't reaped the financial rewards.
I don't notice any balding, and I'd kill to have that much hair again.
I'm fairly certain if I went a week or two without masturbating, and then had sex with a sufficiently hot girl, I could easily finish in under a minute.
I stopped buying dvds once I discovered Yify.
On many occasions I've sent follow-up emails and never heard back.
Using a knife to slice an apple and then eat the slices right off the blade.
A good book, movie on my laptop, and iPad.
Cuckold.  I can't grasp the notion of wanting to see my GF cheat on me.
Her tits have roughly doubled in size since then.
This is why I envy chubby chasers.  If you're into fat girls then it's like you're surrounded by 10s.
North by Northwest  Prior to seeing that I thought Hitchcock only did weird horror movies, didn't realize he also made action thrillers / spy movies.
&gt;Traffic is bad, but it depends a great deal on the location  In my experience Cali traffic is always bad, regardless of time or location, unless you're way out in the middle of nowhere.  &gt;Ridiculous taxes? Compared to where? California ranks about 16th for taxes:  Your source is from 2002.  [Here's one](http://deslide.clusterfake.net/?o=html_table&amp;u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.forbes.com%2Fpictures%2Femeg45efhjf%2Fintroduction%2F) that's slightly more recent.
I always downvote any gif on here which ends too soon, but it doesn't seem to do much good.
Will a lady let me touch her breast if I ask politely?
I can't, it's not my van.  I just walked by it the other day.
Sadly it's not mine.  That's the only picture I have.
&gt; 12 months without sex is a long time when you think about it =/  http://i.imgur.com/zG6l8Ug.jpg
I also like a prominent nose.  "Jewish nose" seems horribly racist, but I can't think of a better descriptor.
I once accidentally rented a VHS copy of *Home Alone* the had audio descriptions for the visually impaired.
I remember reading an old "Computers for Dummies" book, and it said 64 Mb of RAM was ridiculously high.
He'll still have an arrest record, not to mention having to hire a lawyer and take time off work to defend himself.
I love the Bay-formers movies (except for the 4th one).
I remember Krampus had some lovely cgi gingerbread men.
I used to have that job.  It's surprising how fast you get used to it and forget you're unnaturally high off the ground.
I volunteer as tribute!
&gt;Chris picked tiny Ali up by her waist  I gotta get back in the gym
I can't bring myself to spend money for airplane wifi.  I'm always certain it'll be slow as fuck.
I had a roommate would tell girls "you need to leave because I have another girl coming over."  He was my spirit animal.
I remember back in '06 when the trailer for Children of Men played in the theatre, afterwards my friend leaned over and whispered "have they just run out of movie plots?"
I saw the prequel so I don't have to imagine it.
Better for him to spread rumors than for you to give birth to an unwanted child.  Remind me to never go to Missouri.
In one episode Sophia refers to herself a "she-male" and a "tranny".
I'm 29 and have never understood the male obsession with putting it in her butt.
A degree in mechanical engineering  ~1 year experience in manufacturing (solar)  ~1 year experience as a field engineer (telecom)
Her initial crime was pretty damn selfish.  I remember what Sister Ingalls said: "you got what you needed, and your family paid the price" or something like that.
I put in my user name and the info was totally wrong.  It didn't even correctly state how much karma I have.
I remember reading a book which said our current lifespans have more to do witht modern bathrooms than modern hospitals.  As in sanitation &gt; medicine.
When I saw Office Space as a teenager, I loved it.  When I saw it again as an unemployed adult (who'd kill for an office job), I hated it.
