Are we allowed to keep Floyd I'll fight other people for him
I think I'd rather have Blount get one more to get past 2009 Peterson.
Back in the original, they had these clearly fake minivans with missiles. As a loyal stormtrooper, I frequently repurposed them for Imperial dominance.
Wow. Isn't that amazing? I mean, shit. I got motion sickness just from looking at it.
The best part is I love you and you have a great time with you guys I hope you're having fun
I'm like 90% sure it was because of Destiny (the game), but I remember the first time I made an account I was driving back from Florida and didn't have anything to do (I'm from NE)
Physically? 3-4? Personality-wise? Maybe a 7?
I'd love to find this. Is there a way to get this under $30 on Xbox?
I've been looking hard enough for several years. I basically grew up playing SWB1, and I've always wanted to play the sequel,
Double elixir, pump, clone, and mirror. I did this with goblins once.
Do you have some spare attic space I could borrow for 4 years and 2 weeks
North Carolina resident. Here, we just call this Tuesday.  EDIT- not the snow, mind you. The bad driving.
Teacher
I had a L7 Hog as a L6. I... was in Arena 4 for a while.
Ugh. I was stuck there for MONTHS.
My PE teacher is actually a pedo. Or at least, that's what he looks like. It's kind of a running gag.
I'd LOVE to get the Chiefs at Gillette, but I think we're the best team left.
I may need to summon help from r/Patriots for this, but let's try it.  F
I got Icebreaker and the cool white ornament within 10 minutes of each other. Second Dawning armor piece, as well.
My 'look' right now is Days of Iron gear with Ophidians, so... looks?
Fucking Telesto. Been chasing it for nearly a year at this point.
My deck has problems countering air, and Clone/LavaLoon is pretty much GG whenever I see it.
I don't have a chance, but the closest I'd get is with a spider.
Titanfall's movement and Portal's puzzles  Portal's puzzles and Monument Valley's... everything  Fallout NVs world and Titanfall's movement  Destiny's RPG-ness and Titanfall's gunplay  Witcher 3's everything in KOTOR's universe (lol)  If you can't tell I like Portal and Titanfall a lot
Nah, crappy 3-turn locks that work about half the time. They are optional at my school, though.
Do you guys still need? I'm just over 3000, donate around 400 per season and would leave my clan (too many BMers). In-game is ActuallyAquaman.
Ha, yeah. Me too. By the way, anyone know how to make concentrated dark matter? I need it for something.
Sounds about right. Will test myself and report back.
Yeah. I might wait till Belichick retires, too. 'The End of An Era', and all that.
Pats fan coming in peace. Can we join you guys on that whole fucking the colts thing?
I want to keep using Hog and Graveyard. Log and Zap can't leave. Elite Barbs are rather OP, and I probable should keep them in. What about the other 3?
Yeah. I'm working on leveling up Furnace.
...having regular missionary position sex when she decided to wedge my oh wait it's YOU again.
Ignoring levels and Legendaries, your best bet is do either do a RG or EB-based deck. Everybody'll hate you, but it works. I'd do- Zap Furnace Mega Minion Hog Valkyrie Musketeer Elite Barbarians Freeze  It's been a while since I've been in A7. If LavaLoon is cancer down there, maybe swap something for Minion Horde. Freeze, probably.
An average-sized office building is around 50 floors. They don't have fatal weapons, and I'll assume we can get all the doors locked in time. If I turned off all the elevators and escalators (make them run in reverse?) and managed to fortify around a staircase on a few different floors, I bet I could make it. If the building has security, we're surviving 9/10 (guns!). If they don't, it depends on what other kinds of weapons we could find.
Considering the amount of caffeine I drink, sounds like I'm living forever
Shit man I'd remember someone named u/zombiewithebola
I took 3 boxes of Girl Scout cookies last year. They never found out.
My field- convincing other people My phone call- Trump, to convince him to declare war on North Korea My item- a nuclear submarine because I'm getting the HELL outta there  Repeat for all scenarios
Oh, different Manning. I came in here to make jokes about Peyton.
I got Pryce from my opening. I'd love to try to get Ben or Kanan.
So, uh, Pats fan coming in peace  1. Mo Williams 2. Mark Sanchez 3. Darrell Revis
I'M FENWICK
My best friend is actually a Falcons fan. He's cool.
There actually were several on the Steelers sub when I was there
Dawwwwww I hope you're ok
Pats fan. I breathed just a little bit harder than usual. Nice.
They're also poor, have a dumb accent, and are Irish,  too, did you forget that? Not only that, but... they all smell bad! Yeah! I'm an adult!
...back in a sec.  (Hazel, where are you?)
Anywhere else, hopefully
