Yes, but it hasn't been officially processed yet, as they said they don't refund until it officially ships, which it hasnt yet.
natty cxl is probably my favorite boot I own. If I could only pic one, I'd definitely choose it over the shell, though obviously the shell is great too.
After VAT refund the pair I just ordered from oki-ni was 225
I would have thought so, but they fit somewhat different to my 110 boondockers. The boots are a size 9.5 and fit rather generously, whereas the oxfords are a size 10 and fit snugly in both the toe and heel. Could just be a difference in the leather or lasting process, but the fit really is quite different. Agree that my pics look similar to the reference pic in toe shape, though
I've only tried on the oxfords once, I'll check them again tonight.
[First wearing of my new CPs](http://imgur.com/kFHYIsX)  Really impressed by how comfortable they are. Also appreciate that the redesign version has the cream soles rather than pure white. Overall just really enjoying these.
Super impressed with shipping times from Oki-Ni in the UK. Ordered GATs on Sunday, and they're scheduled to be delivered today. I've ordered things from Chicago where I live that took 3 times as long as that to deliver.
I think if I'd lived closer to a distribution center that might have happened, but that it took an extra day to get to Chicago from there.
I've tried on those shoes I would order the 8
I ordered them but ended up sending them back. They were nice shoes but just not what I was looking for. TTS is definitely the right way to go though.
&gt; if you ever need any in-person contact in Hungary, let me know, as I've been traveling there quite a bit lately and have a lot of Hungarian friends.  remember how I gave you all those Nola suggestions? The girl and I are visiting Budapest and Prague later this year and would love suggestions of where to go.
I'm the second owner, but I bought them like-new from someone who they didn't fit. Let me see if I can snap some fit pics in a bit.
[family shot of my 5 pairs of vibergs](http://imgur.com/a/6PIku) I took for a writeup I'm doing for MFA.
I really like shoes. I have about 25 pair and have probably spent somewhere around 5k total on them... : /   Although I will insta-buy an Alden Ravello shell grant last boot if I see it (my grail), I don't see myself making too many more purchases any time soon, though.
I've literally never done anything to them. This is essentially how they came out of the box plus some wear.
&gt; The food is Royal Canin Urinary SO  I just switched one of my cats to that. It's crazy expensive, but if it solves her bladder issues its worth it.
I sized mine the same
Wiwt: [MMM GATs](http://imgur.com/a/j37ri). First time I've worn them. So comfortable.   Aotd: My legendary love of cashews.
It's hard to tell, but I'm wearing a sort of ankle sock. It's a bit taller than a no-show, but only about as tall as the shoe itself, which I figured was a pretty good compromise.
The crepe wrap looks comfortable, but also looks like it would just get obliterated by walking around on concrete in the city. If I lived in more of an outdoorsy place I'd definitely consider those, though.
Mine too if I wasn't already in an 8 year relationship with a goy.
Couldn't decide what boots to wear today. Then thought to myself, [Why not shell berg?](http://imgur.com/YLhDaCq,sNT7sew)  GD: I started by writing up a giant wall of text about the nonsense regarding the banning of FPH, but then just deleted it because why bother and what's the point. Suffice it so, I'm unbelievably embarrassed by the behavior of my peers, and to call myself a redditor today.
I like my belt from Orion and it was about $40
[Alden - Reverse Chamois Derbies - Sz 10C (barrie last) - ~~$200~~ $160](http://www.grailed.com/listings/98933-alden-reverse-chamois-derbies) - Although these are listed as a 10C, I wear a D width in everything and they don't feel at all tight or narrow to me. Feature a commando sole which makes them great for wet weather, but look fantastic sockless for summer. Even though they're a C width, they honestly don't feel at all narrow to me. I typically take a D and these fit just fine.
Got a proxy on the viberg olive derbies... Makes that pair number 6 for me... and now twice the number of my next most-owned brand (alden).
If you get something please pm me. They were out of ten so I got 10.5, although supposedly gyw fits snugger so who knows
Looks awesome, my pair should arrive tomorrow. I had the choice between leather and dainite, and ended up going for the dainite, though now I'm kind of second guessing that. Leather sole looks great.
no joke, i get that (or some variation thereof) about once a week...
i can quit any time i want. i just dont want to.
Crashing at an AirBNB in venice beach, but we're renting a car and will be going all over.   Food: we're both big food people, and are open to just about anything, from fine dining all the way down to street food. I'd like to get some nice seafood while I'm out there, and good mexican food too, but honestly, totally open to whatever.
I have a patch like that on my shell dress shoes, its dryness not bloom
Would have grabbed those but they'll only ship to your billing address which would be a nightmare. Whatever, doesn't need them anyways
In my experience heavier leathers fit larger and looser, not tighter, because they don't take the shape of the last as well
TTS for me.
That's not my finger. My penis actually has a condition called dermatosclerosis that causes it to grow a nail like a finger. Sharp eye!
Got back from LA late last night. Had an extremely close and personal encounter with the TSA getting on the plane, as they immediately pulled me into a little room and seemed kinda freaked out. After patting me down and riffling through all my stuff, they let me go, but I [found this sitting in the bin with my bag](http://imgur.com/uPsZlyn). Yeeps. Current theory is that because I hiked through the desert earlier that day, naturally occurring radioactive material triggered a false positive on the swab test.   So that was fun.   Incidentally, only took one pair of shoes to LA, my black M(M)M GATs. They got dusty as hell on the hikes I went through, but were comfortable throughout and brushed down admirably afterwards. After we got back from hiking, we were looking through my filmmaker friends' lookbook, and he had my exact shoes as part of his ideal wardrobe for one of the characters, and its only then that he looked down and goes, "Wait, did you go hiking through the desert today in $400 sneakers?"
It's friday after a long long week, and was just sitting at home watching the Sopranos. Like most of you, I've been absently flicking back and forth between the RBC massdrop swatches on and off all day. Had a free sec and mocked up the different colors in photoshop. Certainly not perfect, but hopefully of some interest to y'all.
imo, daytons. I like the shape of the last better for casualwear. I own one pair of RBCs (not dundalks though), and theyre very well made, but in general a bit dressy in terms of their shape. The daytons have more of a viberg-style chunkiness to them that I really, really like.
Do it! Been loving my [ripple sole bergs](http://imgur.com/frCLD1o). The ripple is pretty subtle and you only notice it from certain angles.
Mine need new heels, too, but I've basically just taken them out of my rotation while I figure it out. Let me know what you end up doing.
Moving sucks. Bought an apt with the gf last winter so hopefully I won't have to do it again any time soon &gt;.&lt;
[I own a tangente](http://imgur.com/UtBSUGt) and can't recommend it enough. I prefer the smaller 35mm version and find the proportions better than the larger 38mm model, but would urge you to try it out for yourself if possible. You can't really go wrong either way though.
The AEs carried by Nordstrom Rack are typically seconds, returns, or other rejects.  Personally I think they're fine. The only thing that even raises an eyebrow is the crease in the first picture, but it's in an unnoticeable location and will crease up in a similar fashion naturally after a few weeks of wear. The scuffs and other color stuff later in the album are non-issues.  I'd keep them, but if you're disappointed with them, then return them. But I wouldn't start engaging any customer service or contacting anyone about them, they're not going to have any useful information or ability to do anything except offer to return or exchange them. Just keep them or return them, whichever you prefer.
[Max Bill today](http://imgur.com/RNmBd6B) as I mourn the end of winter break before having to go back to work tomorrow.   GD: Last week I swung by the Rolex AD, as I've been thinking about buying an Explorer for a while now. And in fact, I did! Just ordered a 114270 off the WUS forum last night. But I had a few interesting findings while I was there:  • I was really surprised by how much I liked the Submariner. At 40mm it's larger than I typically like to wear, but it wore a lot smaller and more compactly than I expected it to. Definitely something I hope to own in the future.   • The 39mm Explorer felt way too big, and really re-affirmed my choice to get the older 36mm version.   • I also really liked the new Oyster Perpetuals, but again thought the 39mm size was too large. I wish the grey Rhodium dial with blue dots version came in 36mm.   • Overall I was very impressed with the fit and finish of Rolex. They all looked much better in person than in photos, which was my exact opposite impression from visiting the Omega boutique, where literally nothing interested me. I had gone in thinking I was in love with the new 300m Seamaster, but was surprised to find I really didn't care for it at all in person. For whatever it's worth, I also seem to be something of an anomaly in that I've never particularly liked the Speedmaster from photos, and was equally non-plussed after seeing one in person...  For reference, I'm 6'3, so I'm on the tall side, but have relatively small-ish wrists at 6.75". I still have reservations about wearing a Rolex. I'm really worried it sends the wrong message, especially as I'm a partner at the business I work at, but it's a very, very casual office and no one really dresses up at all, let alone wear luxury watches.   But I got a pretty reasonable deal on my Explorer and am confident I can get out even or at a small loss if I find myself too uncomfortable wearing it, so I figured, what the hell, let's give it a shot!
Looking forward to a lazy Saturday before going to Hateful Eight later tonight, so shoes yet, today, but did want to share my [latest acquisition](https://i.imgur.com/jh7O2vO.jpg). Picked this guy up used this week and it's amazing!
i used watchrecon to find a seller on WatchUSeek.
I have the black version of this watch, which is a different color and has no date. I like it well enough. It's very beautiful, though it sometimes feels a little delicate, not quite as solid as some of my other watches. Overall I do recommend it though.
[Nomos](http://imgur.com/aebaiRU) for the sake of balance as I restrain myself from only wearing [my new Rolex](http://imgur.com/dS9ZKpG) every single day.
Viberg Natural CXL Service Boot, my favorite pair i own
I have the black version of this and got it for ~$730 or so from some Spanish grey market site
