The browser hasn't crashed on me in the year+ I've been using my Z30
I had a classmate who was super into solar panel roads and would not admit that it wasn't feasible no matter what I said. I think she has herself convinced that the government won't invest in it because they have their hands in electric companies.
I worked with one lady who babied the bejeezus out of her kid. He's about 10-12 now (I forget) but he gets to stay home from school every Halloween because the idea of spooky ghosts and cemetaries scare him. She also still carries him to bed every night, and often buys him puzzles meant for a 3-5 year old.
My computer had this issue with wi-fi where the connection would go to "Limited." It was basically no Internet but the stupid wifi strength indicator would always be full, like it was taunting me. The only way to fix this would be to disconnect manually and reconnect and it drove me bonkers. It would do this about every thirty seconds.  Thankfully, a driver upgrade fixed this.
To be fair, their automatic doors were confusing. They opened to one side instead of the conventional way of opening in the middle. But the way the security gates were positioned, it would mislead you to walk right into the side that didn't open (at my location anyway).
I'm still driving a Toyota from 92. I love it.
You just brought back a memory I thought I had suppressed. I was in Hawaii, and was ready to go into the hotel pool. When I got to the pool side, this huge ham planet was "swimming" in the pool, telling her husband that it hurt because of her open sores. Now I know why she was in the pool. (No, I did not go swimming that day).
I'm on 10.3.1.2708 (Z30) and battery life is fantastic for both the watch and the phone.
I don't know if it's because I'm Canada, but I only ever got leaflets in the mail from the universities I applied to (two).
Target because they don't exist here anymore.
In high school, there was this girl with such a low voice she could probably sing baritone. It was really difficult to tell if she was female or not. One day we combined all the PE classes to have this giant square dancing lesson. She kept lining up for the girls side and three separate teachers tried to send her over to the boys side. I felt so bad for her =(
[Peanut oil](https://www.foodallergy.org/allergens/peanut-allergy), unless it's cold pressed, usually doesn't cause an allergic reaction because there shouldn't be any of the proteins in there. (Unless your daughter is allergic to peanut oil itself then ignore me!)  Disclaimer: Not a doctor.
If a family friend didn't give me all his old books (he buys anthologies then gives me his singles) I'd be so broke.
You can also check out the Canucks Team Store Outlet. They have older styles for a bit cheaper, and I think they carry some of the players' old gear if you're into collecting that kind of stuff.   &amp;nbsp;  2983 Hastings Street E.  Vancouver, British Columbia V5K 2A1
Oh man, that sucks. I didn't know. Sorry, OP
I just gave all my Golden Books to my cousin's toddler to read. Great stuff.
This is like my parents with their smartphones. I ended up just buying a bunch of NFC tags and labelling them with things like "WiFi On/Off" so they could just tap it instead of going into the settings.
Same. I've been looking for a replacement one because my old one is beginning to die, and I really don't want to get an iPod Touch/Nano/whateverelse.
Be careful with that. I think I read somewhere on Reddit that it has to be "breakable" for safety (in case a car swerves into it or something?)  Disclaimer: Am Canadian, and don't have a mailbox so I'm not really sure.
Best Buy. Went in looking for a pair of headphones. It wasn't on the shelf, so I stop a guy. He says he'll go look in the back so I hang around for ten minutes. I don't see him so I stop another guy who says it's not his department. So I find a *third* guy and ask him to check for the headphones. I follow him through the store on a wild goose chase and it turns out they didn't have it despite their computers saying so. So I just gave up and went to my go-to store NCIX a couple blocks down.   I was trying to save time by going to Best Buy, which was in a more convenient location in relation to my workplace (I was on the way to work) but that backfired.
I flip the bottom of my shirt up over my boobs because I always think I'm going to get the hem wet.
The store I work at requires that all software exchanges be opened up so no one tried this with us.
I usually type something like "this stupid bitch is reading over my shoulder" to my friend and watch them huff and puff in anger.
One of my coworkers asked this during the mass seasonal hire ("do you guys do drug testing?). But everyone could see he was just a young, super innocent kid so he got hired.
I think everyone should just look before peeing. At my house, guys make sure to put up the seat before peeing and ladies make sure to put it down.
I watched the first half hour, wondering if I had accidentally clicked on "extras" in the menu instead of "play movie" because it just wasn't very interesting and didn't click.
I did a similar thing to my brother. I would drive to school sometimes, and he would never wake up on time (he would wake up at the time we needed to *leave*) and he always took a long time getting ready. So one day I told him I was leaving at X time and I was going to leave even if he wasn't in the car. He thought I was bluffing and was late to school that day.
Not too weird, but I got paid $17 an hour to try and buy cigarettes at stores (was only 14 then and legal age is 19 here for tobacco).
I work at a toy store, and I've had a ton of returns (nearly one every shift) for Megabloks because the set just doesn't fit together. I'd never recommend those unless someone specifically wants certain sets (I did this in front of the Megabloks rep when he was in the store and he was maaaaad). The only returns I ever had with LEGO are if someone got duplicates for a birthday party.
I personally haven't seen much more than a little friendly heckling but then again, I don't go to very many games (maybe one or two a year).
I was voted "Most Likely to Cry over a Canucks Game." After the 2011 loss (no I did not cry), I'm just really disappointed in the team.
I am eligible for a phone upgrade for cheap, but all stores in my Province do not have the phone in stock so I will have to wait an entire month for it. There is nothing wrong with my current phone.
At 5'3" - 5'4", I wear 31+1 Reebok P4s.
I have a Fitbit Charge HR and I find that it doesn't track skating accurately, so if you use it for steps, it's not so great. It's not waterproof (only resistant) so if you sweat a lot, this may not be the best choice.
My friend and I both *hate* being late so we end up hanging out half an hour earlier than we planned.
I like to sit on the toilet and try to push all the clots out. It makes the period seem less... glorpy.
I work retail and I do this even though it's not required because the LP guy has an ego the size of the Titanic and needs to feel like he's done his part in saving the world from burning. He jumps on every little minor thing, including when we reach into our pockets to grab box cutters, etc.
I was at the store today and some kid is running into people with the wheeled baskets. My mom asks him to stop twice nicely and he doesn't, so she refused to move when he hit her the third time. Then in swoops this lady screaming, "YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO HIT HIM. HE'S ONLY A CHILD."
I just bought a pair of men's running shorts. Sure they're long and I look a little ridiculous but I can put stuff in the pockets.
I use a BlackBerry Passport and I actually have one pair of jeans that fits the phone!
The prices are ridiculous, especially if you're a growing kid and need new pads every year or so. I was beyond happy when I found a very good condition, fairly recent model, set in my size on Craigslist for $50. Would have bankrupted me otherwise.
My arm span is 3" longer than my height.
I was doing my thing at the ATM when suddenly I saw a hand reach in to my space. My first instinct was to turn around and punch the owner of the hand right in the guts because I thought I was going to get robbed and shanked. It turned out he just wanted an envelope and just couldn't wait until it was his turn, or couldn't just *ask*.
I have 108" on my size 6 Reeboks and they are a tad long, but not long enough for me to trip over. So maybe try 96 or 84?
Come to BC! It only gets to maybe -5 Celsius at worst in the winter. I think we've only hit it twice this year.
Yeah, that was what I liked best about Memory Express. They never push sales and if they made suggestions for a more expensive product, it was well within reason. The hinge issue I mentioned earlier would have cost me $200+, as well as a few weeks time for it to be shipped and repaired, but in the end it was $50 and one day.
My manager was being super anal about the store being neat and would keep us late to clean it all up (why they couldn't just staff more people during the day, I don't know) so I would pull all the boxes forward just like she wanted, except they were upside down or it was the back of the box.
Definitely go to Craigslist or GSSU for used gear. If you're patient you can get stuff for a good price. I managed to hunt down a pair of Reebok P4 18K pads for myself for only $50.  The only thing I'd probably buy new are a helmet (don't skimp out it!) and a jock/jill.
I think I read somewhere he would also invite Erik Per Sullivan (Dewey) over to his house for BBQs or whatever so he could just be a kid.
It's just between you and me
