This is such bullshit. You're acting like "black culture" is some far away culture that other Americans don't understand. African Americans are Americans. It isn't part of black culture to not get married when having a baby out of wedlock, it's what happens when you get knocked up with a guy who isn't done fucking around yet. My neighbor was a single black mom and yes, the kid's dad did come around occasionally for 1 night. And after he would leave I would see condom wrappers in the shared trashcan. He didn't come for the kid, he came to fuck her again. (And least he finally realized he should be using condoms.)
She looks so happy. I want to be that happy.
Anybody know how this happened? The entire bottom of my feet are calluses (no idea why) and I want to remove all the skin.
Great thanks! Just one more, hieroglyphics. (My dad is Egyptian and married a mummy he found.)
Part of me suspects they just bought a new dog and drugged it so it looked partially quadriplegic, then kept lowering the dose so "Sammi" appeared to be getting better. The internet has ruined me.
Shit like this makes me glad I switched to OS X. As someone who likes to keep his UI clean and tidy, this would really irritate me. I never thought Microsoft would do something as annoying as this.
Worked for me. Time to sleep.
I used to say to my ex-girlfriend "If you weren't pretty I wouldn't be with you cause your personality sucks."
Jesus. H. Christ   *Marketing Director, Heaven*
"I've made an awesome mistake..."
TIL i am a bird
Here in Thailand it's completely different. It kind of caught me off guard. I had only been here for a few months and me and my girlfriend at the time were on a city bus in Bangkok. She started talking to a little girl who was in the seat next to us, probably 4 years old, and then just picked her up and put her on her lap. She hadn't even said anything to the girl's mom. I immediately looked at the mom because I expected her to say something or act a certain way, but nothing. A guy friend of mine is about 30 years old and he absolutely loves babies and children, probably because he's working away from his home town and doesn't get to see his children often (which is really common for Thai people to do). He'll go up to a baby or little kid and start talking to them and then start rubbing their head or hold their hands. In America the mom and dad would have taken the kid away in both of those situations. All those things should be perfectly fine to do, but in America it's like you're automatically assumed to be a pedophile just for being friendly with babies and children.
AT&amp;T. I bought 1 month of phone and 3G service for $60 at one of their local offices (I don't live in the US). They accidentally charged my card twice... $120. I called them up and after looking up the billing history the guy was like, "Oh, yep, I see now. We accidentally charged you twice." So I was like, "Ok, great, so you'll refund me $60?" This mother fucker immediately said, "Sorry, we have a no refund policy." WTF?! You just admitted your mistake and then say you won't fix it? It took over an hour and a half on the phone, even having to talk to a supervisor, before they agreed to refund me for the extra charge. Assholes.
Man I haven't been that excited in a long time. I need to get out fishing more.
I've read this a lot, but just how dangerous is it really? I live in Thailand and everybody here gives dogs food with both onions and garlic every single day (usually the dog's food is whatever the humans didn't eat during their last meal) and the dogs seem to be very healthy, with street dogs being an exception. As long as they don't get hit by a car or get something like heartworm from the mosquitoes, they live a long, normal life. They're usually all very active and playful (or run after you and try to bite you) but if there are any health issues caused from onions and garlic I've never seen it.  EDIT: Ok, see /u/GLaMSDOS 's post below. Sounds like people are blowing this out of proportion. A little bit of onion and garlic in the food won't be toxic.
You're a good man. And so am I. So I call seconds.
My mom actually does this. Not enough to actually turn, but steering wheels usually have a bit of give so you can turn the wheel slightly left or right and it doesn't turn the car. I gave up trying to make her realize she can hold the wheel straight. Now I'm a bit fascinated by it and just watch her and observe. Like National Geographic or something.
It sucks when your asshole just gives up mid-shit.
My ex girlfriend is Asian and she never stank. Even after camping for 2 days. Even after exercising. And she didn't wear deodorant.
I also don't get it. When we were kids we would loosen the front tire's bolts, do a wheelie, and see how long we could wheelie without a front tire. It would have been really easy to get a picture like this.
I've never taken any form of welfare and I don't even live in the United States anymore, yet I still pay taxes in the states.
I guarantee it wasn't someone named Akim. It's an African scammer. I run an online dating site in Asia and we get anywhere from 3 to 10 African scammers a day.
I work at a cactus fucking store, so I'm good.
I don't even glare. I just say "no, thank you" in a very direct way and DO NOT GRIN OR SMILE. If you grin or smile it will make them stick around much longer. (I'm a white guy living in Thailand, so I deal with this a lot.)
That's how I interpreted it. I actually don't want an open casket funeral cause it creeps me the fuck out. So, no helmet necessary.
Is that in Thailand by chance? I live in Thailand and have always wanted to catch a peacock bass.
I have an iPhone 6 and the battery life is awesome. I don't have to charge it for 2 or 3 days usually. I'm not addicted to my phone, but I check email a lot, send lots of messages, and scroll through Facebook when I'm waiting for food or something like that.
Thanks for clearing that up. The way the AMA title was written in first-person led me to believe it was a type of AI.
I was seriously about to google Jaberwacky Hinge Bracket until I stopped myself.
As someone who lives in a tourist destination in Asia with lots of heavy drinking and testosterone, when a guy at a bar is getting heated for some reason and I say "just forget about it" and they're like "ok". I have to deal with idiots who can't control themselves way too often so it's nice when someone can listen to reason even when they're drunk.
It can be beneficial to keep your salary a secret from coworkers if you make more than them. If there's someone who thinks they are as talented or more talented than you and finds out you make more than them, they can use you as a negotiating tactic when talking with superiors. That could lead to the superiors being more reluctant to give you a raise or as much of a raise when the time comes, especially since they know you're probably going to tell other people.
Maybe your wife would enjoy murdering hookers with you? Open communication is the most important thing.
I'm waiting for blood to begin flowing into my penis again.
&gt; Western Buddhists rarely seem to have an understanding Buddhism past skin deep levels.  I live in a Buddhist country. Even if the people here know what Buddhism is all about, nobody I've ever met practices it.
I want to be entered! I live in Thailand, but I'd obviously pay the shipping cost if I win. I'd love a hand-crafted leather quiver with shoulder strap... or an armguard... or a fingertab... :)
Nigeria started practicing early. I even got a few emails today...
Yeah the lyrics to that song are actually really good. Brings me back to a time I saw the most amazingly beautiful girl out in public, seemingly perfect in every way I've imagined the perfect girl to be, and just thinking "what if." And then snapping out of it and realizing the sober truth... there's just no chance.
As someone who's done a lot of drugs, LSD is safe in that it won't kill you, but it's still dangerous in that you can easily lose control of reality.
I'm actually pretty strong headed. I've done lots of different hallucinogens. I've done LSD quite a few times and never had any problems except for one night. I didn't do anything bad really, but I ended up on my hands and knees crawling through my neighbor's backyard with my dog. I thought my dog would show me "answers". I'm not saying people will freak out and kill people, but there's just no telling what's going through a person's head when they're tripping. Especially when a person is religious. You definitely get spiritual feelings and it can easily seem like there are answers to be found if you go looking for them. One common thing for me when I'm tripping is to have the feeling that I need to kill myself to "move on". Obviously I've never done it.
The problem is when you get used to the feeling of having things that aren't done constantly in your head. It starts to become indistinguishable between that feeling and the feeling of depression.
I live in a tourist area of Thailand and meet tourists and fellow expats all the time... from all countries. Believe me, it's not just Americans. Everybody knows everything and wants to tell you "the best way" to do something. Usually it's just info they read in their trusty Lonely Planet guide.
I had a chinchilla and a rottweiler when I was young. The chinchilla would terrorize the rottweiler.
Yep, especially after a full day of hiking and fishing. It was amazing sitting by the fire and eating the fish we caught just hours earlier :)
Rainbow trout, caught in and around Lake Sabrina, California.
&gt; "Just don't look at my taxes!" I joke, laughing loudly as I realize what I sincerely brilliant comedian I am.  It speeds things up if you don't proofread it.
That's nothing. Chris Hadfield introduced me to Mr. Tingle's works.
I always stumble across these little websites and see the wall of logos of places it's been featured and wonder why the hell hadn't I heard of it already. It's like "Featured in: Wired! Yahoo! The Telegraph! The Entire Country of Canada! The Bible!" and I'm just like WTF where have I been.
"Mom I really don't wanna do the breakdance lessons..."  "Dammit Kevin would you stop being such a party pooper all the time?! We're all going and you're going too!!"
Thanks for the review. I've got the Predator Pro and it's a great gun and Mako has been an awesome company to deal with. Couple questions... 1) Why did you go with the enclosed track? 2) You said the flopper stays in the extended position after pulling it open? If I understand you correctly, that's exactly what it's supposed to do. Once opened it should lock into place so that it can't pull back through the fish. Or did I understand you incorrectly?
Usually, but if you don't get a kill shot and the fish is thrashing around, the flopper can come un-extended and the spear can slide out. It usually doesn't, but I've had it happen before. I was on an island and my flopper got beat up and was sticking in the down position, so I had to bend the metal so it wouldn't lock at all. I lost two fish on that trip because of the flopper.
