My understanding is that compact discs had audio mostly in .wav formats. Sound recorder might be able to help.
I think I'll be in the same country as him over the weekend.  I intend to cook us some medium rare steaks and olive oil salad, and then to play a game of Chinese encircle chess against him.
"So I'm thirty five, which means that it's my turn to define my grown up behavior. Now help me get these Peeps into the microwave."
I've only ever seen bad movies with him in them. Maybe I should check out his good work.
Sounds a bit like a super shady place my friend wandered into. She was told to report them and didn't. I'll PM you.
One Slavic lady I dated years ago ran into me on the subway recently. I'd actually seen her around a fair bit, but we broke up fairly negatively and she stopped all contact. Because I wanted to respect that, I didn't acknowledge her. One such time she ended up sitting beside me and she got up and changed seats to move away from me. That kind of surprised me.  In around March of this year, I was on the subway and I heard a "hello there stranger". I looked over and it was her, with her hair color changed and also thinner. I gave her a compliment on her appearance and said it was nice to see her again, which was both true.  We game together occasionally now. She has a boyfriend and I introduced him to the game Chez Geek. They're both fun people and I'm glad to be on friendly terms with them again.
I played the Bioshock games in order of release. I played BS1 when it first came out, then I fell out of touch with the series for a bit. By the time BSI came out, I decided I should catch up and play BS2 first, then Infinite.  BS1 and BS2 are great games and I would recommend them to almost anyone.  BSI is... different. There's something about it that I'm just not getting into. Part of it could be the level design, which is actually rather linear even though the levels look cosmetically "wide open". Part of it could be the limited vigors and even more straightforward shoot-and-kill gameplay.  I found the entire game so far to veer wildly between extremely easy and "multiple deaths before you even figure out the level's geometry" difficult. Most grunt battles are insignificant and tedious. Most boss battles appear to require at least one death just to figure out the parameters. After a few unavoidable resurrection cutscenes, you're back in the fray again. After a few more, Bioshock Infinite throws in a smug little message about how you can change the difficulty at any time.  I nearly lost all forward momentum through the game during a Giant Black Dude boss battle. Later, I'm at Lady Comstock's ghost and I've gotten stuck. I can't stay alive long enough to figure out the fight's tactics for myself, and I don't care enough about the alternate-history background, or the riddle of the Bird Statue, or the mystery of Lady Comstock's uterus to keep plugging away at the same boss battle. Comstock's voice actor is especially grating.  How this game, and not the first or second, is the best-known title of the series is a mystery to me. Probably because tits.
I don't listen to live radio or watch current TV these days, so most of my music intake is from Pandora. I like Downtempo music, as well as ambient techno like Time Is Up, Deuter, and Buddha Bar.  In terms of composition and musicianship, I love Queen's music. I could listen to the Royal Philharmonic's cover of Innuendo for hours.
Don't be so disheartened that things won't get better. Of course they will.  Your friends won't think so, but that's because they're British.  In the future you will pick up and master wonderful hobbies. You will make things happen through your hard work and gumption. You will change career paths, go back to school, graduate from your third degree, and then secure a wonderful job in a foreign land with a fantastic woman who is there with you. Not in Britain.  You'll do well. You'll do whatever the hell you want to. You won't do it in Britain.  Oh, and ask out Roz while you're at it. She's smart and funny and cleans up nicely, and she likes you and you like her and it doesn't matter what the other tossers would say or jeer. She will develop an eating disorder later on and I wonder if she'd turn out differently with the confidence boost that comes of a good relationship.  Stay away from people whose only skill is wisecracking, even if it makes them super popular.
I was 18 and walked six miles in darkness to see a cathedral with my childhood friends.
Just ordered the original Pokemon Blue and Red for Game Boy. Hoping to use them to trigger the Mew Glitch and get all 151 Pokemon!  (I'm about halfway through playing Pokemon Yellow on my N64 via Game Boy Transfer Pak.)
In 2000, the Nintendo road show did actually come to my country in Europe and I rode the train down to the truck and got a Mew for my then-girlfriend.  Unfortunately I then taught it Fly which she was annoyed about. :/
My mom is a Muslim. She doesn't practice very strictly, but her one rule is: don't eat pork in the house.  She went to the hospital to give birth to my brother, and my dad brought home this new type of food called "bacon"...
The old Johnson and Johnson Baby Shampoo fragrance.  It's been discontinued for years in the U.S. I only ever encounter it on my trips abroad and it smells like childhood and innocence and my mother's mild annoyance at having to clean up the bathwater splashes on the floor.
I did this in 2010 and never looked back. I store the archive on Google Drive and I can access it from any computer. It has a thirty seven letter long master password that doesn't feature any dictionary terms, so I'm happy about its security.  The importance of saving it in cloud lies in the fact that I can update or change passwords and have it remain consistent across computers, which would not be the case if I saved it locally.
Enjoyed it overall, though it cemented my outsider inclinations for a bit.  The school was one of Britain's top feeder schools for pro sports. It was also a Christian boarding school. I had no interest in religion or sports.  Luckily the teachers were conscientious and I was a good student. I got good grades and I found some sports I enjoyed (though low profile and thus useless for the school's achievement boards). I made some friends through humour, DnD, and fencing and judo and they've become fast friends. (I just went to the wedding of one in London, flying all the way from China to do so, in honor of twenty five years of friendship.)  I didn't date, but that was okay because it was a mostly boy's school (five to one gender ratio) and the girls weren't really the type that is conducive to healthy relationships, perhaps through no fault of their own but based on the environment alone.  I had a good teacher who encouraged me to think for myself and to be skeptical of assertions and of authority. Basically, I think of high school as college come five years early: I learned to be independent, I met some good folks in the niches, and I accepted that I didn't have much in common with the mainstream.  I actually became a lot more mainstream as an adult, at least socially.
For a couple of weeks, I was the top scorer worldwide on the Wii Rock Band 3 leaderboards for several Queen songs.
Yep, this was in 1998 and I'd interviewed at University and got relegated to Corpus Christi.  One of the folks who interviewed me was ridiculously young. She was like twentysomething years old and apparently a lecturer already.
I was in the UK recently and the characteristic red telephone booths had been converted to Wi-Fi hot spots. However they required you to sign on using an app or something with a registered account and I didn't have the right stuff.  So I wandered London on my own looking for video gaming stores to find a copy of Mario Tennis for the N64.  And coming away empty handed, I ordered one off eBay from a guy in Ukraine named Artyom.  It arrived at my place in Guangzhou and the Chinese police impounded it thinking it was some sort of subversive software.  I got it back.  And now my girlfriend is playing it. She's Daisy.  The end.
My friend is U.S. born and has a degree from Rutgers.  I had to explain what a toilet fan was and how to turn it on and why this is the courteous thing to do in my house after you take a shit in my toilet.  The man is twenty seven.
I asked my father for more life.  He was nonplussed.
This is worth a thought, OP.  I can't speak for you, but my mid twenties were a time of periodic reassessment of my circle of friends. In college or grad school you can count people as friends because of shared experiences. But once you're out beyond a group cohort born of happenstance, it's up to you to look at who they really are, what they value, what they actually do with their lives. And ask yourself the same questions. And ask yourself whether you fit together well.  As I've aged, I've found the argument of a shared past ("but we've been through X, Y, and Z together!") to be less important than the future prospects moving forwards. It's also part and parcel of affirmatively choosing your friends, rather than passively accepting the folks that happenstance throws your way as friends.
I'll tell you.  Because I'd never heard of it until now.  And now it is on my playlist.  And thanks for the suggestion.
I have some off color blue Speedo swimming trunks.  Does this make me an aquamarine?
I saw it at age 19 in a friend's basement on VHS. I got the director's cut, so no voiceover, which meant I had to pay extra attention if I wanted to follow it properly.  Unfortunately, I was dicking around with some 3D twisted metal puzzles, so I was not paying attention. The movie ended and I thought it was the biggest load of nonsensical pretentious wiffle I'd ever seen.  I then came back to watch it again with the theatrical voiceover, and although the voiceover is a bit annoying, it is actually very good at keeping the viewer abreast of what's going on. I loved the movie afterwards.  Oddly, I had the exact same problem with Inception - the first time I watched it, I was doing something else and I thought it was meaningless airy-fairy arthouse drivel. Second time round with proper attention, I enjoyed it greatly.
&gt; big ol' floppy titties.    I used to be that way but now I prefer compact titties, or CTs.   Technological progress in storage mediums, etc.
In late October, I went to the London wedding of my oldest friends from high school. He picked me up at the airport and we hung out for an evening and caught up on old times.  Most of his guests at the wedding were from his Cambridge days and they were surprised to meet me as I'd known him since we were both ten. I was also free most far flung guest as I'd come all the way from southern China to see him.  We don't talk that much because of distance and time difference. But when we do talk, it's like nothing has changed and we're both as fluent and familiar with each other as we ever were.
This was one of the first ever tips I found on Reddit and it has saved me on many occasions.  I usually input the recipients into the body of the email first, and then when I'm all done I'll cut and paste them into the recipient field.
When I was a kid, I used to sketch creative new levels in Mario. Lots of airships and underground levels etc.  Now in my thirties I just got Super Mario Maker and I'm all out of ideas.
I never got past Tom Bombadil in LOTR, and I've tried to read it about half a dozen times. It doesn't help that it's almost all songs and poems.
I did actually go to the Nintendo roadshow to download Mew.  I didn't play Pokémon but my girlfriend did.  She died in 2003 and I actually discovered her old copy of Pokémon Yellow in my N64 Game Boy pak just last year.  The (current) gf and I are playing through it now. I also got Blue and Red too just for completeness' sake.
35 year old straight male, Johnny Depp.
I got stuck in this game. There is a group of undead near a bridge, northeast (?) of the town. They keep TPKing my party.  I changed computers and haven't worked up the momentum to return to the game.
I had already completed my master's degree by the time my colleagues started using Wikipedia to look things up routinely.
I loved Star Wars Rebellion (Supremacy in the EU) for the PC as well, and I've been looking for a galactic management and military game ever since.  I have Empire at War but haven't installed it yet (from a Steam gift). Would you recommend Republic at War? Is that for the PC game as a fan mod or similar?
Chinese zhajiang mian is a very close cousin of jajangmyeon in Korea and it's also delicious.  In a port city, try steamed fish or squirrel-fried fish (refers to how the fish is filleted before deep frying).   If you're a vegetarian, you have lots of choices with the gluten, soy, and mushroom products available. My local place does a great vegetarian dish with bamboo, mushrooms, gluten, and soy all cooked in a clay pot with soy sauce and sesame oil.
Played this after storming through 1 and 2 to get to it.  Didn't get the plot, didn't like the linear levels, and couldn't find a comfortable challenge level between the easy mooks and the frustrating bosses.  Ran out of money to respawn on the graveyard fight. Never been back.  Can't into pronouns either.
I couldn't figure out what my favorite gun type was. I was debating between the NATO assault rifles and the various combat shotguns.  Then along came a Vintorez and I was in love.
I was raised in America by Chinese parents and then I went to Britain for education.  I will go to the mat to defend the honor of British roast meats and pastries. Beef Wellington is an ideal mixture of both.  Spotted dick still makes me giggle like a twelve year old.
TFA only once.  I've seen ESB many times and each time it's still amazing
No More Heroes had wildly inconsistent boss difficulties. This is at least consistent with the rest of the game, which has wildly inconsistent everything.  Bioshock Infinite's graveyard fight was too difficult for me and I stopped playing after I ran out of money to respawn.  Metroid Prime 2 had a spider ball boss that I have only ever beaten once after numerous hours of attempts... And then I had to reload because I realized I'd forgotten to scan it for a 100% runthrough.
I bought the house where my parents are currently living.  I take care of them because they are elderly and need me.
I also wasn't familiar with this term, but I think I like it.  I shall go forth and ~~impress~~ *endlessly annoy* young people by making an earnest attempt to incorporate it into my conversation, starting with my receptionist.  (Possible LPT for parents: get your kids to stop thinking a song or phrase is cool by immediately singing it or using it in your own conversation. They well very quickly declare it to be lame and abandon it to your unhip, non-daddy-o sorry ass.)
Apparently the Earth and the Solar System is moving away from a reference point of the Last Known Scattering at a relative velocity of about 0.2c.  I found this out after asking about Immovable Rods in DnD.
Reet so Ahm settin doon at'telleh, Ahve goat meh neeps'n'tatties an Ahm aal set t'havagaanatthe nyüs like.  Soodinleh viss proppa ponce comon an he's aal  "Good evening, and here is the nine o'clock news."  Ah maen, oodafooxgunnaroonderstanvat, eh?
That more alcoholic drinks = better.  I'm pretty much a one-drink guy now. If I have any more it'll screw up my sleep that night. On the rare occasions when I have two drinks, I'll have to thin them out with several glasses of water in between and afterwards.
Aside from my high school French, parts of the Marcel Pagnol play, Topaze (plus the live action duology Jean de Florette/Manon des Sources), and one single obscene joke from Killing Zoe, je l'ai tout oublié.  Ma cousine cadette a commencé à étudier le français, et elle m'a demandé l'assistance. Je lui ai dit "je suis seulement un pête Anglophone, je sais rien et plus important je souviens rien".  Un bon nom est mellieure d'une ceinture d'or. Honi soit la vache qui rit. Mon ami Obélix a un pétit chien Dogmatix, et ils sont foux, cets Romains!  Zut alors.
All my coworkers are cool people. But if I had to pick one who has a faintly difficult quirk, it would have to be the one who's a traditional Chinese woman. She doesn't take orders well from people younger than her, which means everybody in the organization. The only person who can give her orders is the company owner.
Oh crap, that reminds me of a horrible news story from the nineties where the CBS anchor had to read out a report about an inmate who sued the state after he was sodomized by a toilet plunger.  I was a childish immature teen and I couldn't stop laughing at that. I'm pretty sure if I just stopped and thought about it a second I'd be pretty quiet.
Bra-high-ties... burning like fire...  : shivers in bedroom :
