I'm the guy (One of the guys?) who uses lenny face as a name. I'm not sure whether I have to apologize or not.
I did [this](http://i.imgur.com/i8XE22D.png) in ten-ish hours.   Double melee with steroids, (sledge + shovel in this case), give or take mutations like Long Arms and Trigger Fingers, has consistently carried me to the throne even though I only have 15 hours total.
Nope, just an average boring white male with short hair and no glasses.  I might try getting a new stylus eventually; thanks for the suggestion.
Yep, that's basically me. Check out my flair.
For a good 18 or so hours, I've been rolling with bullet weapons because I feared of running out of ammo for all other ammo types.  Then, I watched Star and seen that he did combinations that I found odd for the time, like shotgun and crossbow; replacing bullet weapons like revolvers and rifles.  So, I started using the non-bullet weapons more. I performed far better, and realized that you can get ammo hella fast. I can never go back.  Stuff like that tip really does make some people not pick the weapons.
I almost wish I wasn't spoiled before the throne fight.    **Almost.**
I've actually had NT for quite a while; I got it from a friend for free on  March 25, 2015. Clocked in 3 hours and forgot about it.  ...and now I am completely addicted. Played about 20 hours in 2 weeks.
Well, I know that. It's just it's so improbable that it's pretty much irrelevant. I'm just wondering if anyone else has got low level legendaries along with blues and greys in later levels; guess beginner's luck exists for a reason.
I'm 27, and got Daredevil 76 and Symmetra's Goddess at level 8 and 9 respectively. I seemed to have used up all my luck, because now I only get the classic "white, white, blue, white" other than like 2 pinks.
Personally, I got money for upgrading my parts by selling my PS4 that I never used.
I got it very early, like a month after release. There were pretty much nothing but trash/mediocre exclusives back then; Knack, Killzone, etc. The only game I legitimately enjoyed was Black Flag, which was a multiplat anyway. Soon the PS4 was collecting dust and I decided to go more into PC gaming due to my friends recommending it.
And i'm just sitting here being salt at your comments because [I used to be addicted to CSGO.](http://i.imgur.com/UiUxgb7.png) Well, addicted till Overwatch I suppose. You'll really need to invest a good amount of time into it to see how ridiculous that particular spot is.
I am currently "running" the game at absolute lowest settings at 50% render scale. 50 fps in spawn, usually ~30 in battles, and it becomes a 20 fps slideshow if things become a bit crazy. My poor Pentium G2020 can't run games like it used to anymore- hoping to get an i3 soon.
Actually I was in a similar situation as Mei on Lijang. A roadhog was coming up the stairs in one of those small corridors and decided to wall him off; except then a friendly Pharah came to try and ult him. I put my wall down but it was too late; the piggy was already gone. I felt bad for him but he didn't complain in chat or anything.
I'm just replaying all it's great exclusives. Mainly PS2 remasters.
I'm just waiting to get a better CPU so I don't have to play at lowest settings with 50% render scale and 25 - 35 FPS. Certainly feels a lot harder to aim when you don't have 50+ FPS.
I got the Horde icon, but i'm not into WoW. I set the one with the guitar and hat instead; reminds me of Mariachi Reaper.
The first couple times I played Winston, I kept leaping off a cliff trying to get a health pack... especially in KOTH maps.
I'm the same with Jontron and GradeA, more so with GradeA; he blew up fast. I haven't got into h3h3 until a month or so ago, and I might sub to papa franku soon.
So far i've only used G2A for COD. It's extremely overpriced on steam.
Ah, yes, I love it when I get some golds/silvers and the only thing to show for it is 50% hook accuracy.
I forgot how sastisfying it was to get huntsman headshots in TF2, whether or not it was luck.
Yeah, I thought that was obvious for most. I already have a GTX 750 Ti, and 8GB RAM (2GB uninstallable due to the size of my current mobo). I just need to upgrade to the i3 I posted over my G2020, install my 2GB stick of RAM in my new mobo and get similar performance.
Level 40 with 233 games here. If he wants to spend hundreds of thousands of dollars on a feature that most consider to be pointless, so be it. If he can afford to do that, I'd assume he has a great life.
I've had a polar opposite experience. The free mod still has 3x more content than the standalone version I paid $35 for, and I never see any players on 40/40 servers. Even then, the 2 or 3 players I encountered in 30 hours of playing killed me on sight. The gameplay devolves into holding the W key towards different towns and cities in order to find something to do.
I don't need to use anything but a rogue special to kill a gun nut, maiden or shambler without taking damage, and in my experience the other 2 bosses quickly get out of the fire goop, either by sliding away (trigger twins) or jumping away (gatling gull).
That's the thing though. The delay makes it very difficult to actually negate an ult in my experience. I'd say transcendence is much better other than large bursts of damage because of being instant and having a longer duration.
Actually funnily enough usually the hanzos are the ones who get picks and do work in my mystery hero games. Like every person that gets the hero is actually half decent with it. You know... except me.
It is, without a doubt, thoroughly difficult, and principally taxing on my brain. Notwithstanding, my ambition is to additionally fortify my vocabulary using this sub.
&gt; Maybe not where you're at, but I'm Hispanic, so I've been on the receiving end of plenty of slurs.  Well, I certainly wasn't saying they were not getting any hate whatsoever, just that they may have been getting less than the other minorities. I wouldn't have any first hand experience regarding the topic anyway.  &gt; So all minorities have to have well developed stories? That means you can't possibly have any minor characters be minorities by your definition.  Again, it's all opinionated. Minor characters can be fleshed out too, or at least fleshed out to the point where it's satisfactory.  &gt; And this is starting to reverse that trend. Also, the complaints had nothing to do with Lena an Emily being the main focus of the comic, but rather that they were gay. If it had been the other way around with Torb and his wife being the focus and Lena and Emily getting a single frame the complaints would have been the same, that Tracer was gay, how terrible that is for some people.  Well at that point you'd need to make an assumption. It could've been just a friend, a lot of people would tell themselves. It would definitely still get attention considering LGBT people in games is pretty rare so far, but not as much attention, especially because it would be so vague.
Thanks for introducing me to another great let it grow edit
Nope, I did not.
Unfortunately I don't have the game (I wish I did though); I ~~stole~~ found this on /r/GamePhysics and thought it fit under this sub. The mod looks really great though. Loved playing the JC2 multiplayer mod in the past.
The difference between archer and bob is large enough to the point where it doesn't bother me personally.
Yes, I had to use aimbot to earn the kill. It was literally physically impossible otherwise.
The last thing i'd expect to see in far cry 3 too. In the 50+ hours i've sinked into the game over PS3 and steam, playing through the campaign about 3 or 4 times to completion, i've never seen such an odd bug like this.
I can run Overwatch and Titanfall 2 on low. That's all I need, really.
Why do you sugges not taking the level 7 shield talent when I haven't picked the previous ones? It casts untalented versions on everyone else so it shouldn't necessarily matter.  Also, I can see the slight usefulness of poke with needlespine, and healing towers, (i've picked both, except mule for morales rather than aba), but I still think shields would be the best option. Depending on where the teammate is, it could shield a whole minion wave to help them survive, or shield multiple heroes when in a teamfight for a trinket/nuke/etc.
I never said I wanted to throw. Just that it would be a more fun experience and give a net gain of lootboxes unless you get 3 or less losses.
In my experience, a decent portion of console players have absolutely no gamesense/reactions. This takes into consideration the countless hours I invested into the COD and Battlefield series online before I even owned a PC. I still vividly remember the time when 5 players were defending a door in operation metro and I went behind them to knife all 5 in a row without any trouble.  So is this phenomenon just happening to me or is everyone else afraid to admit it? I am genuinely curious.
When you look at the worst the site has to offer it tends to be... well... the worst part. It's like being introduced to reddit by coontown. Personally hang around video game and cartoon generals from time to time and they're absolutely fine.
I wasn't necessarily asking to remove the sfx either, it would definitely be jarring if they did it in their 87th episode. Just a mild annoyance. Right now I just watch the videos mute.
Personally i've always taken a full orb build. Very spammable and at times very hard to dodge. Also Poking towers for 700+ damage at a safe range is great. Biggest downside is you're trash at close range so you should get the teleporting talent at 13, and possibly 1 too
I got about 6 days left now
I think i've used it like 5 times total. Crossbow and blutsauger have always been better options for me.
Me too thanks  ...except I still got a TF2 inventory worth give or take $50, because i'm too lazy to trade it all away to get something else
He drank a bit too much brew.
132 hours, got every achievement except money pit and double challenge mode
Rip me playing chromie. She was so much fun. I'd even consider buying her if she didn't require hours worth of gold grinding, or $7.50 worth of gems...
I got a spare. Do you still need one?
