All I know is I don't want to be around a cop with a gun drawn regardless of whether I did or didn't do anything wrong.  Too many examples of "mistakes" being made to count at this point.
&gt;Edit: but that wasn't my point anyway. My point was that your turf is shitty cheap turf that can't be compared to professional turf.  Actually the turf I play on is rated FIFA 2 star but that won't change your view I am sure.
I have a 66% techies winrate and went up against a Techies player the other day.  Game was easy and ended at 38 minutes.  I just got a laugh checking dotabuff as the radiant techies was "laned" in the dire jungle for the first 10 minutes of the game.
I can't stand playing with bots.  I am sure that mode is effective for some people but it is unplayable in my view (eg there is no fun).
I don't recall calling the FAA regulations unjust but I haven't studied them either.
I am truly disappointed for Kitchen as I think he deserves a chance to earn the Kyle Beckerman position.  Hamid would have been on the bench the entire tournament so it isn't necessarily a snub.    On the upside this allows Kitchen and Hamid to focus on winning the league which is the most important thing.
He falls off a lot less hard these days with the new creep auras and new Chen ability to split push with his creeps.  But yes, he falls off.    I am not a pro-Chen player but typically if you aren't get harassed in the jungle during laning you will create enough space that your team can snowball and advantage. Plus it is never a game where no wards are being bought because the supports are too poor.
Hero fantasies get me so hot and bothered.
When I was new and playing slark like 2 years ago I used to build soul ring.    I still think it is a decent item on him because even when you tread switch you run out of mana a lot if you are having a really active early game.  The main problem is it is 850 gold that could have gone to shadowblade or blink.
Well despite my flair I am a Chelsea fan and Terry's form is questionable.  The real value right now is his on the field leading since he isn't providing consistent world class play.    I'm not suggesting Cahill is shit but we all know he's a 30 year old that never became world class.  There is a tiny opening in the short term for Miazga especially if he looks good in practice and gets a chance in cup game.  Definitely not wishing for injuries but that could bring opportunity as well.
I guess couldn't hide it... for the last two summer windows. :(
In my Football Manager save Youri Tielemans became the best footballer in the world... as a striker.
I want Anthony Davis to come back as I think we need the depth and completely agree with the coaches that he needs to re-earn his place should he return.  I also think he should be given back his signing bonus if he hits any reasonable incentives along the way, such as playing 60% of offensive snaps.  Both sides should find an acceptable middle ground to move forward.  That said, I think he should also retire from twitter no matter what happens.  He just isn't good at it and it is harming his reputation.
At the same time, no 2k is decent at countering riki.  I still think of Riki has a 2k pub stomper but perhaps that has changed.  I have a 80% winrate with him since his ult change.
I am sorry but there is a long history of discussing radicalized Christianity in this country from the KKK to abortion clinic bombings to Westboro Baptists.  Islam doesn't get a pass.
I showed my work in my other reply and causalities encompasses injuries not just deaths.
I am not expecting any changes, I am simply documenting deleted posts on /r/undelete.  Where do you think you are?    I also don't understand the accusation of racism.  Islam is not a race. Are you sure you know what is going on?
You have made it clear 3 or 4 times now that your repudiate your perception of my lifestyle.  That I am immoral and causing real harm and you are self-anointed to bring Internet justice.  I, of course, have a different view, one where you are defending censorship, where you are being an apologist for terror, where you are an emotional unstable person who seriously needs professional help.    Where do we go from here?  Are you going to threaten me?  Are you damning me to hell?  What is it you want at this point?
You are certainly stalking me at this point.  Where exactly do you anticipate taking this aggressive action on your part?
I have trolled no one but we both know you think I am trolling and you are trying to troll me back I guess.  That's your choice to be a troll and no one else's (while of course denouncing me for being a troll which is ironic).
Yes, I do think I am starting to need witnesses.
They'd think that I'd finally lost it completely.
In my hero fantasy it is very realistic.  Followed by a very classy orgy focused solely on my gratification.
As a Clinkz player, Nightstalker is my nightmare with his single target silence and slow.  As a carry, I hate to face Chaos Knight.  CK forces an Orchid or basically I have no idea which illusion to focus.      Other than that, BB, Zeus, SK, and Spirit Breaker specifically can all make life miserable.    Lastly, as a pocket counter pick, Techies will kill my ability to farm and split push alone and buying a gem cuts both ways.
Hamid is just coming off injury but yes, let's hope.
Have your shit stolen and vandalized the next day
I switched over to Vulcan like two weeks ago and now my FPS is hard-capped at 60 fps when before I would get 100+ FPS at times.  Anybody know what is up with that?
I don't know when it started but I hadn't heard of it until the Yorks took over and have been a fan since the 1980s.
I saw this article in Google News.  Congrats!
I wanted more of her to be honest.
Sure, I'll need a living wage, healthcare, and retirement with 401k matching.
Sure I am 6k mmr and measurably better than 99.99% of all Dota2 players but I don't believe in myself so I choose to be a (someone else's) little bitch all my life.
I am not enduring deep poverty and hardship.  Hard to know what I would do if things were not the way they are.
I completed the study in this [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/DotA2/comments/5q96eb/valve_get_rid_of_party_mmr_and_make_parties_based/dcy3k9x/).  My conclusion fits the hypothesis.  Players risking party MMR are more willing to ruin games than players risking solo MMR.
I was 1000 higher in MMR when CM queue popped within 5 min and I had a chance to be captain rather than it be given to highest mmr (which really means the party with the most disparate mmr).
&gt; Zouma hasn't showed any more than the next guy  I mean, he was playing better than Terry and Cahill before blowing out his knee.
It is really sad we can never have open and honest discussions about religion without being shouted down.  I am a liberal, but (regressive) liberals are the worst about this.
I'll get a second opinion from your wife's lover.
There are so many quests that I think it is better just turn off your brain from worrying about it and just wait for it to happen naturally.    Binding Agents was one of them.  I just completed it last night as Weaver who has no stuns.  Rather I just happened to have an SK, Treant, Invoker and WR on my team.  Assuming the MKB I bought didn't add a lot of stun time, my four teammates did enough stunning to 3 star the quest.    If I was picking stunners just to try to do this quest, I would have been frustrated game after game after game.
Haha, I kinda felt the same way when Viacom (more specifically Comedy Central) got dropped.
&gt;I usually just try to pass them as soon as I can.  My experience is they either fast walk because they presume you are coming for them and/or they start swerving because straight line walking apparently requires more technique than I can appreciate.
What is happening is I am paying the same price for less content.  They did this after I signed up with Viacom and now they are doing this with another channel I watch.  The trend seems to be headed in the wrong direction.  Meanwhile, Sony invested in multiple million dollar advertising campaign for Vue.  Apparently that's where the "savings" is being invested.
I agree.  I pay Vue for services and they changed the terms on me with literally 1 days notice.
Azpi played right midfield as a youth.  I am sure he can play somewhere in between there and right back.
I know, but that's just rumors at the moment.  I think he will win a competition against Ake and Christensen (and eventually against Cahill) in the preseason unless his knee is worse than has been reported.
I wasn't referring to you as the lady but nice to know where your head is at.
&gt; but a person can harvest your own resources, no boss, no wage, easy  I don't know about easy, but if you don't own land in a capitalist society, you can't harvest your own resources without breaking the law.    &gt;You could communalize, socialize, unionize, form whatever collective you want, no one will stop you, unless you're forcing people to participate or damaging other people's way of life.  That's funny because your "unless" exception is being used as a rule to stop people from unionizing and collectively bargaining these days.  &gt;I've worked several jobs that pay less than minimum wage at this point, and was happy to do so, the minimum wage is an obstacle, not a help.  So you voluntarily took less money than you were legally owed?  You are quite an example to all of us of what can happen when individuals negotiate on behalf of themselves.
I know ManU fans are sensitive over Fellaini but it wasn't an insult.
Personally, in pubs, I've always thought 4200 gold was a lot of money for something that requires your team to change the way they play.  Sure if you are dealing with a MK, Techies, Tinker it is an especially good item but outside of situational matchups more direct offensive and defensive items seem more critical.
Living in DC during summer is when a lot of students and tourist groups come here.  Wearing Trump gear is pretty much the male teenager uniform these days.
