I've been having to compensate by actually paying attention to basketball and baseball. Sucks being a Reds fan this year...
I also had trouble with Miltank, though never Slaking because I always caught a Skarmory before facing Norman. My worst opponent was always Lance in GSC because I never caught an ice-type for that sweet 4x bonus against his dragons.
I always had a team of six or seven that I had grinded up, so when I hit level 50 I was so sick of grinding by then I just rolled with it.
I do that every once in a while. I will forget the word for something because my mind is already on something else. It's embarrassing but it doesn't mean I'm stupid.
You're a Weird Al fan. Good!  You dress up as Boba Fett. Awesome!  You're a Pats fan. Well, two out of three isn't bad as far as your taste goes...  But seriously, good on ya, mate!
As a Christian I believe that everybody faces consequences for their actions eventually, so it doesn't worry me overmuch. I also think (at the risk of being downvoted even more) that the proportion of youth that are nasty isn't much greater, it's just that their voices are more loudly heard so it seems like they are the majority when they are the minority. It's a problem that the youth are rude and stupid, but not one that is all of a sudden popping up with this new generation.
Wait, where are they? I am a Panthers fan in Louisville and thought I was the only one.
As someone who works in a warehouse where there is a shit ton of dust in the air and the closest bathroom is at least a 2 minute walk away, plus I really can't leave my work area for near that long, yes, I spit.  I don't spit where people walk, but I do spit. It's tough doing my job with a touch of asthma without spitting. Granted, I only spit a couple times every night, but I do spit.
I actually do this as a part of my normal laughter.
I told my coworker about that particular voice line tonight. He loved it so much that he said he plans to yell it out loud every time he sees a duck. Seeing as he is 6'3" and is ripped as fuck, I really want to know how the people around him will react.
As someone who lives in Louisville...fuck Petrino. We hate him too.
I hate these articles that I can't view because I'm not a subscriber to Charlotte Observer.
So I hate the Blackhawks now. I work at UPS and every next day air package (plus whatever day shift doesn't get done, which is a lot) that goes to Chicago comes to my belt. Needless to say we got destroyed this week. We got the same volume that we get during peak season, but with eight people handling the shit rather than 12 or 13.  I didn't work on this belt the last time they won, but according to management this year was worse than the previous ones. I will now root against the Blackhawks till the day I die because it fucking sucked this week.
"Wait, who gathered 10,000 goat cheese wheels and tossed them off the Empire State Building? I'll get that lollygagger despite my bad knee!"
Went to a new church today. I left my old church two weeks ago. I made a mistake by getting angry and insulted my sunday school teacher. She ended up quitting being the teacher because of my insult. I was willing to make it up to her and the church but reading between the lines, they didn't really want me to. The only person that tried to get me to come back was the youth minister, and I am 23! I left because I don't want to be part of a church that doesn't allow its members to be human.  I spent 7 years at that church. I thought I was happy there but looking back, I really wasn't. Maybe this was a good thing; I dunno.  So I visited a Church of Christ last week and visited a Christian Church this week. Neither stood out to me, though one week is a small sample size.
Nope, though my family did attend Providence Road CoC when we lived in Charlotte. I grew up mostly Christian church, but I am more than willing to expand beyond that. I am honestly not sure what denomination fits my beliefs so I will just look for a church that seems friendly and makes me feel like I belong. I love being active in church and contributing and my last church didn't really want me to do anything actually useful.
When I grow up   I want to have a leg   just half as good   as the Third Leg of Greg
Panthers fan here. As a fan of JJ Watt, don't worry about it. I've had to deal with Steve Smith hate for a long time and while Smitty has done more to deserve it, he's also a great man and a fierce competitor. Just ignore it. r/nfl has to make sure they have someone to hate on for a while. They might come around, they might not. When JJ Watt is putting up huge numbers every week, the more reasonable people will start loving him again.
Man I played that back when I had a full head of hair and Coruscant was just a little town with a well, hahaha.
Usually the first time I go to a girl's apartment, it's just stopping by on our way somewhere else. That's not intentional, but it always seems to happen.  The first is dirty clothes. It's one thing to have dirty clothes on the floor of your bedroom. I mean, everyone does it every once in a while. You take off that shirt and just lay it over a chair or toss it on the floor. No big deal. Dirty clothes outside of the bedroom? Red flag.  The bathroom must be fairly well-kept. There's a difference between clutter and a mess. Clutter is just having extra shit in there, maybe an empty shampoo bottle or toothpaste tube or maybe a bra hanging from the door. A mess is a pile of clothes on the floor, a dirty shower, a disgusting toilet, the distinctive smell of multiple used tampons, etc.  Dirty dishes (glasses or plates or whatever) in the living room. Bags of chips and the like too. It's cool if you eat while watching TV, but take your food and shit back in the kitchen once you're done. It's like five steps, girl!  When I do see her bedroom, I just don't like seeing dirty underwear or dirty sheets. Other than that, it's fine.  Personally, I come from a family of slobs. My house was disgusting, and it was hard when I moved out to get in good habits. But damn it was worth it. I never feel ashamed of my placr, and my roommate and I do a good job of keeping it in decent condition. Sure, we have a cluttered coffee table and we need to dust and my desk is messy, but I never feel reluctant to invite a girl over.
The UPS Worldport facility is huge as fuck too. I work there, and damn it is massive.
Star Wars: The Clone Wars.  The old one for the xbox. It was a ton of fun.
I miss Peppers. He played hard for us :(
I remember watching him at Oregon. He was amazing.
That was very good clarification. I know many guys like that.
Man, I don't know who the fuck is on the Reds anymore. Our pitching rotation is Bailey, Desclafani, Iglesias, and who the fuck knows.
Personally, I believe in you guys. If the 2000 Ravens could win it with whoever the hell they had at QB, you guys can win it with Peyton freaking Manning.
I hide from them at first and write down all the knowledge that I have about survival, technology, math, science, social behaviors, medicine, etc. I then make duplicates of it. I then write down the key stuff on a cave wall, engraved into the stone, then I go and tell as many of the preteens as would listen. I wouldn't try to govern them myself, but act as an impartial advisor who isn't caught up in the inevitable resulting factions.
I didn't even know she was a singer. I thought she was an actress. Shows you how well I pay attention to these things.
I know. I can't believe I missed it, with how often I visit here on my phone.
I LIKE ALL THREE BBQ'S AND SKYLINE CHILI TOO SO I AM GOING TO SIT THAT THREAD OUT.
NICE. I LIVED IN FORT MILL, BUT HAD A FRIEND IN GREENVILLE.
Lived near Asheville. Can confirm. Most of the city is blazed.
I was with you until your last statement. In my post, I specifically stated that I am no expert. There is no reason to be a dick about it.
My heart can't take another game like that.
Louisville, KY here. It's college basketball here by far. Then Reds baseball (kind of), and NBA and NFL tied. I walk around in a Panthers hat almost year-round and no one says anything to me about it.
You can't have McDermott. He's ours and we're not letting go :(
Okay. I tried again this evening by doing Metro Malice and we had a decent team up until the fifth wave. I took your advice and went rocket specialist. We kept failing on the fifth wave and three people left, so I quit too.
I didn't take either until wave 3 at least.
They did. I remember that being an issue for some people where I lived then.
I did this with Kaepernick. I watched at least four games in which he started for the 49ers before I consciously realized that he is black.
Seeing as during the past four years we've been in rebuilding mode, I am not mad that we were losing to them. Until this year, they were legitimately the better team.  It's like we were the younger brother who competed hard but didn't have the experience until now to have a legitimate shot.
We were in rebuilding mode until this year. I'm not mad we lost the first few games.
10% of what I make, and a couple hundred a year to various causes. It's funny - I live on a smaller income than I used to, but I donate more. Being in the lower class (not poverty, but definitely blue-collar) really helped me empathize with people struggling to get by.
Seriously? Out of all the stupid names, Chosen isn't that bad. I'd take it over my real name, which is hard to spell and pronounced differently than how it is spelled.
Man, I live and die by the Jag Effect rollout on payload servers. Although I switch to the stock wrench at the end, because I think it performs better once everything is set up.
No, we run on Bojangles. If we stopped, that is when our hearts would stop.
Yeah, but I have a festive specialized killstreak stock wrench, and just a vintage southern hospitality. So that helps me decide :)
How about last year? We were 3-8-1. Cam was banged up, our O-line was banged up and sucked balls, our defense was fielding old men and rookies/UDFAs.  Yet no one in our locker room blamed Cam. He could have easily lost the team but he didn't. We won our remaining games and a playoff game. In that playoff game, most of our team shit the bed, but Cam put the fucking team on his back and willed us to victory despite taking hit after hit after hit.  Stephen A-hole Smith had Greg Olsen on first take a few years ago, and brought up Cam's demeanor just like you did. Greg Olsen didn't hesitate in shutting him down, saying that what they see in Cam is a worker and a leader.   Cam does his celebrations because that is who he is. He plays with his heart on his sleeve and when he is happy, he dances and stuff. Cam is also the guy picking up his teammates. When Ted Ginn makes his inevitable drop, Cam keeps going back to him. When Funchess was dropping almost 50% of his passes earlier this year, Cam kept giving him another shot. When Philly Brown was having a terrible preseason, and after he dropped an easy third-down touchdown pass, Cam was right there with his arm over Brown's shoulder and keeping his head in the game.  How about every time the defense gets a turnover or a huge play? Cam is the first one greeting the defensive players on the sideline.   Cam is a leader, and that leadership is a big reason why we are headed to the NFC Championship game.
I've had those. They didn't agree with my stomach, unfortunately. Tasted okay.
