Hmm. I was hoping I could punch in my w7 CD key into some Win10-o-mat and get out a windows 10 key.
Don't have to tell me, I was agreeing with your use of AUT instead of just A.   I guess the license plate code is right but eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh
You're an idiot.  And you're falsely assuming I'm from the USA.  I'm from AUSTRIA.  And AUT is standard 3 letter country code for Austria.  You're wrong.
&gt;Happy to talk about any flaws the system might have.   I tried, never got a response. I've had people call me idiot, bitch, even nigger and we're reported by multiple people, yet none of them we're banned
Mine was betting with my best friend at the time who could eat 4 cheeseburgers faster. He had to wax his legs cause he lost.
How can Annie level 1 just run in and spam Q on me in the middle of my minions and I can't do shit back? That would NEVER work if I tried it, but when the bronze idiot on the other team does it, it just works.   Edit: She also autoattacked and had full minion aggro.
I just decided that I will play only Twitch jungle until I hit gold ( currently Silver IV ). That is all.
I own both the insurgent and the Pegasus version. It's really not that much wider
I did the same with my bro's computer. He was not happy.
How.. I have self taught myself a decent amount of programming over the last years and I don't know what to do.
Should've saved mine of hunting the zombie.
Well what about champs like Fizz. I really like being able to E when I need to so sometimes I get an extra 2 doran's rings, since i don't usually build a mana regen item.
Easiest/cheapest way to get a 2nd monitor?  I can not stand having only 1 monitor, I guess even a shitty 2nd one would suffice since I'd just wanna put less important stuff on there with the main stuff on my main screen.
Thank you!  Tried streaming today but lots of setup issues  &gt;.&lt;
I can give some insight. I complained about something similar to my friend, who works in customer service for a game developer, once. He said that when ticket queue's get a high, they simply have a bot that tries to detect the issue and send a premade response or they simply send one out for what is currently the biggest issue.  It makes sense, anyone who gets a reply like you isn't really hurt, a CS representative is gonna talk to you either way, and the people who actually got help from the automated response get taken care of.
I've been wondering this too.   Have been trying to stream and having a hard time even getting a single viewer.    Also often people say "hi" in chat and by the time I see, they have already left.
That sucks dude, there's a reason I simply don't trust people anymore.
oh yeah, of course, but that's who you see it do the often.  I wish this thread would've gone up higher cause we could've put a fun list togehter.
I would've done it tonight but I literally woke up at 6:39 pm, right, when LCS had already started so I wasn't really in the mood to drink, LOL
I used to get into this pattern where I got drunk and I had a great time and I didn't want it to stop so I kept drinking and drinking wayyy too much, but once I realized that and knew I didn't have to to stay drunk, I just slowed down at that point and I was good.
I gifted a player after a game yesterday, he got the skin as well.
I just bought 2L bottles of the cheapest wine, tastes nasty but gets you just as drunk for the least amount of money, mixed it with peach syrup and carbonated water, it's actually pretty good.  Anyways, I'm already really drunk. Gave up on the drinking game and drank, ahhaah
I have neither. Rip
Both   But I'm also depressed enough to begin with, I also get really happy. Kinda emotionally volatile.   Also it was simply too slow for me. Might need more things to drink at
I just choose wine cause it's cheap as fuck
When I did my %alcohol per euro, wine was the highest, I don't think beer came close, and we only have decent beer here pretty much.
I saw someone with 1000+ games in bronze 4 once.
I looked at this guy's match history, he doesn't buy boots, ever. On his last Jinx game he bought 2 IE's or something
Sometimes I wish I could be in like 12 again with my mind, go to school and show some of these kids what's what
I got them all, but I'm saying, out of context, that one was the only one I would notice right away.
If you see a bronze yasuo, and you take malphite for the sweet sweet wombo's, don't expect him to ult, ever. Learned this one the hard way.
I CANT USE IT, I CANT USE MY ULT.
Riven.   Does insane damage and I can't kill her.   I do no damage and get like 2 shotted.
I'm at a point where some if the females I talk to are too old to be girls but I don't consider them women, I guess. So I can understand the problem.
She's my go-to pick right now. Even if I'm not really fed I can R - W - Q a squishy. And if I'm fed, I just do the same thing to the entire team.
Couldn't have done it without their help.
Yup, we got an inhib, next push we won the game. This now puts me in my promos for the 6th time in silver 4.
Really?  My bad, I don't know how I missed that.
I think it was spam right clicking, honestly not sure though.   I really don't know, maybe I need to film my hand while playing and figure out what's going on, lol.
I find that after I make good plays, my team generally listens when I ask them to push with me.   Not always though.
Oh my last game vs. Yasuo was fun.
Well, I just fucked up 4 people at once.  Yeah she can carry. She can outright burst at least one squishy person out. With feed you can do that even more strongly against more people.
I know, just salty cause she failed so hard.
I was the Annie.
Playing yasuo in bronze was so much fun though. Literally 1v5'ing teams.
Dude, I had to flash..
Yes, we did. Next fight we ended the game.
Thanks for the advice
I wish I could set an alarm for when it does
Very likely  I played a decent amount of games.
