Exact same thing happened to me. Im heated.
Yea that does make me feel a bit better. Wow making me feel better than Newegg did with just one message
You can take it anywhere. SJSU recommended me to do Fullerton since it was better
I'm interested. Tbh I've been eating terribly and been trying to control myself for awhile now
I agree. Does that also mean I can't pay off my tuition and fees monthly as well for housing..?
Hey! Keep me updated as well on what you do please if you figure it out!
I live in central California but once every few years I come down to my grandparents condo they own in Laughlin and I think it's fantastic, especially at night. It's beautiful
I've got a 480 8 GB
I got a 480 8 GB.. can do 360 shipped.
Yea but unfortunately eBay takes so much with fees including PayPal ☹️
Possibly. I mean once I fried my MacBook Pro doing something similar. The laptop still worked just when it was plugged into the wall. Meaning if you fry it, it doesn't mean you fried the entire thing. Have you ever seen the oven method for fixing a graphics card? I'd suggest researching that on YouTube. Even LinusTechTips did it on a dead GPU and it worked!
Ah on mobile it says nothing
Do you also happen to know if those dorm fees (7500$+) are for one semester only or for our full college year?
Not going to lie I originally thought you replied to my 989 Ti comment that's why I commented back, lmao my bad 😂
I'm just gonna warn you now if you ship it. When I sold my Xbox one on eBay with 3 games and no controller I used USPS and the cheapest shipping possible, it still came out to 47$
Yea was really hoping I'd lower him down to somewhere at 325$ but I made the mistake and rushed the deal. Thank you!
My bad. I've always learned different from that, quite useful to know thanks :P
lol I know I just wanted to comment something so I could come back to it
I had an FX 6300. A potato could've ran better
Do you think it could be not using enough thermal paste? I did a CPU install a few years ago and I didn't put enough paste on and this led to the system constantly restarting. Be sure you have enough otherwise your system will keep shutting off to protect the CPU from overheating
thanks for the heads up. Got me stressed
I used chrome cast last season and it worked fantastic so I'm sure Roku would work just as great
I share my account with a family member and we stream at the same time on my account so I think they're cool about it
I like to watch basketball on ABC and football on NBC
Hm I'll try that thank you. And I tried looking for firmware for my ASUS drive but couldn't find anything
Right?? I just thought it would be cool to share
[I sure did!](https://imgur.com/a/HHrUq)
Because of shitty traffic in California, I have a 2 hours commute there and have to wake up at 5 everyday, yay!
I agree with him. I have an 8 Plus and sometimes when I have just 3 apps open, one of them doesn’t stay open in the background
I don’t even understand why I’m getting downvoted for an honest mistake haha
I’m dying to find out who wins this game.
It’s hard for me currently because I work between 5 AM and 7 PM and most places are closed by then. Then I’m leaving really early on Saturday to LA and have to be there at a specific time. I’m thinking of just getting one on my lunch.
Don’t have the time unfortunately. Need it done by Friday as I work 5 AM-5PM and commute to Modesto. Leaving to LA Saturday morning
I commute 180 miles a day so thanks!
I just bought a pair a couple days ago and never even got this function to work. I just assumed it was a defect.
Exact reason I picked up a 2012 MBP a couple months ago. Everything is replaceable.
I bought 400$ playoff tickets for the Steelers game and am paying 160$ in service fees. Fucking sucks.
I’m glad I was able to return mine today
I don’t even have any music. I press the play button and it immediately pauses. The only way I can get rid of it is by rebooting my phone.
I did. Did absolutely nothing for the widget
I’ve had the original Xbox one and I bought the Xbox one S and still have this issue once out of every ten boot ups
I just want a new NCAA game :(  Lol never been downvoted before for wanting a game. Guess no one should want games then by that logic
Ah okay wouldn’t know. I live in Cali 😂
I’ve tried pressing the play button but nothing happens. I’m guessing because I don’t have any music I just use Spotify or pandora. Glad I’m not the only one with this bug
I was born here. I’m only 19
Same thing I do when I get fired from work
It’s okay, when I was a kid I use to enjoy winning in games by cheating too
I never said I was salty...
Well I mean if we had a decent tight end who would’ve held onto that ball last drive it would’ve been an L for you. We’re more prepared than ever
Yea bud don’t know why I’d be salty considering we’re 13-3, in the playoffs, and 9-1 in our last ten games
