Yeah dude I did III about six months ago. Did tomahawk ribeye and the Mac. Hella.
Just saw this on FB too. The wife was looking over my shoulder and was like "if I hit Like in JJ Watts photos, will it always pop up in my newsfeed?"  I was like "yeah but he doesn't spam and it doesn't pop up all of the time or anything", and she goes "no I WANT it to"  JJ the home wrecker
I'm jelly
As a salesguy that drives all over town daily, it's a great game.  However, it sure does slow me down. If anyone was tracking my car they'd think I was having constant seizures zig zagging all over town.
Yes, but it was a rowdy kids function. Not a rowdy black kids function.
I need some good news. HBO really put me in a shitty mood last night with Game of Thrones and Silicon Valley finales.
I believe that the Houston apocalypse had been rescheduled? Oh well free day to "work" from home. I don't think 3:30 is too early to start drinking?
We call them grasshoppers in Houston.
I totally understand.  And emus *are* ridiculous.
It's nice up here in the VIP box..
Awesome series. Saw it for the first time a few years ago.
Esso is rad. Stumbled upon them last year and have caught them twice live since.
I have to say man, Cajun cooking just ain't for you. Nothing in here is spicy, except for the sausage, which isn't much. Not sure what you're using for Cajun spice, but that's your issue. However as a Texan I'm usually ADDING jalepeno and spices
I can't read good
I'm a big Antonio Brown fan but Megatron is the best wideout in the NFL.
Texas here, you don't even need to goto Canada.
I want to downvote you just because I read the word "work".  Shit sucks right now brah.
Almost did it last year too.
I'm going to miss the jokes the most
Miss you Fitzy!
I swear Blue trucked him too.. maybe I dunno I was drunking
I'm going to be pissed off this afternoon, arent I?
No more hats for us :(
Well atleast I have a chance at winning $800 million tonight, so I got that going for me.
Sorry to hear about the funeral. The kicks are not personal, and we hope you do come back.
Well now I know what to do if I win the powerball.
Still holding out hope that we release and resign him to a lower rate. He's got family here and said he wanted another year or two, it's not impossible.   Either way, :(
H Town represent
I'm always intrigued by shipping container buildings. I've been in an office building made from them and it was pretty cool. Only problem is that they can be pretty loud. I wonder what the cost savings is.
Be sure to make an intro thread!! Everyone wants to know who the new people are and what their interests are, that way they can respond appropriately!
a shop dog got pregnant and made puppies so I "rescued" one
I just realized I'm portraying lots of lines, but you must realize I'm giving you the most popular places all at once. If you feel neglected on any category, let me know.  Either way, it's all good.
Red leader, checking in.
Read /u/touchmyfuckingcoffee iama  I'm a sucker too. Miele is in for its yearly maintenance right now lol
Weird, I saw it while riding back from Sugar Land last night, and I watched it for a few minutes for some reason. It seemed really bright? I think maybe you're right that it has been off for awhile, because it really stuck out for me for some reason last night.  I was about 7 beers deep but still.
As a leader, you have to do what it takes to get your TF to be what you want it to be. I personally have kicked probably a hundred or two people over the past year or so. I don't like it, but people pulling in a different direction than everyone else have to go. I Wouldn't even consider Foxtrot a hardcore TF, but there were always a couple people a week who decided to stop participating, be a dick, not listen to instructions, etc.  Or, just be prepared to have it not be what you want it to be.
I started off leasing apartments. Got into sales, and got a rent discount which helped.
The reason why I now always have a jar of pickle juice in the fridge!
I did too but mine is bugged at 33/35 for some reason :(
I just bought a Spirit Weber gas ($499). Yeah, the price hurt, especially compared to all of the bigger, half-the-price ones next to it, but I have a weber charcoal grill that I've been straight up abusing for 13 years and it still works fairly well, so I trust the brand. Also, the reviews all said it was worth it, and when I got to the store it downright felt much sturdier. My philosophy is buy quality, save money not replacing it. Good luck.
I've heard the books are worse, which is why I'm a bit intimidated by them
Hockey is my second favorite sport, and I used to love the Aeros so much. Why the fuck does Florida have multiple teams, Arizona, Cali, etc have teams but Texas only has one?  The Aeros were awesome because it was A hockey and B cheap.
I'll never buy a Gaming PC and play Overwatch but I enjoy reading about it :/
Man i would love to get my hands on some lean
Happy New Year! Hoping 2017 will be a fruitful one.
Lol I hope you didn't literally just buy some. Shits at $1000 rn and is going nowhere but down for the near future
I want to try this!
Only had them in Canada. Now I'm in Texas
Hey me too! I  responded in that thread that they shouldn't ban people who hurt their feelings, and then of course I got banned. Then they told *me* to stop acting like a child and muted me when I pointed out the hypocrisy. Buncha babies.
And Emmas. I know about 6 of them.
