I have no fucks to give even to myself.  Just got home from work.  Tomorrow, on the other hand (haha, *on the other hand*)
I lived in a room for about three years in a rooming house.  You have to eat, watch TV, read, EVERYTHING on the bed.  It's rough, and I feel you.
I love that description, I just read it out loud to my roommate.  He and I do not share the same sense of humor :(
My bedroom has a stove in it.
I could knit you all a fine pair of mittens!  [Here is my stash.](http://imgur.com/hmXGwK6)  A dog and two cats, over 4 years worth :D
Dude I went to high school with makes hot sauce, check it out! http://www.hellfirehotsauce.com/
I never thought about that, it's not my house and the owner is extremely lazy...but he's usually really anal about safety.  I'll bag and toss it today when I get home.  Thanks for the heads-up!
It's in the basement so out of sight, out of mind :(  As GenocideSolution pointed out, it's also an issue of safety, so it's on me to bag and trash it when I get home.  Glad I posted it in retrospect.
You know how many people DON'T know about reddit?  I just started on last fall, and had only heard of it before.  It seems once you start getting into it, you think everyone just *knows.*  I think it would be fun to meet a fellow redditor at random, myself.  I would think you could learn a lot about someone's interests and their sense of humor (or lack thereof) by using reddit as a conversation topic.
When I heard someone from Oklahoma say they were Midwest, we had an argument.  Born and raised IL/WI, and "Midwest" has always been WI, IL, IN, OH, and IA (Maybe MO, but we don't really like to talk about that, poor Misery). MN, ND and MI are Upper Midwest.  Then the Great Plains states, Texas (it's own thing), etc. etc.      I have always lived within 10 miles of Lake Michigan (except for AR/OK for a stretch) so yeah, not too much thought about where the water comes from - I always knew.
Snoopy Come Home! *♫ 🎶 Snoo-ooo-ooopy come home, come home 🎶 ♫*   I owned that soundtrack.  But then again, later in life, I also owned [this gem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWRWYYt47RI).       I also owned [this soundtrack](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nguB6wLxicU), i suggest you watch this movie, it made me cry just like Snoopy Come Home.      Edit: Wish I would have cherished the things I had, both from childhood and beyond.  You don't know what you had until it's gone.
I remember too, I had one that was Pooh Bear in a tree eating honey and it was the most glorious golden scene.      Now, do any of you remember [these?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YE1uitXjwqY)
Couldn't he get a judgment against her now that will be in force and effect for 10 years?  So if she does sell the mattress, puts her porno behind a paywall or writes a book in that time, he can still get his cash from her?  That's how most civil judgments work as far as I know.      I did collections for a year for an agency under contract for a large hospital in the South, where may people were poor.  One of our tasks was to determine what assets they had and place liens against property, vehicles, bank accounts, etc.   Their in-house attorneys would get judgments so they could garnish wages and collect on sold assets, or even going after their "estates" once they kicked the bucket (nothing like expensive hospital charges and and the stress of constant calls and legal actions to keep you healthy! /s).  I hated that job, but I learned a lot.
Oklahoma has Sinclair gas stations that sell non-ethanol gas AND it has Taco Bueno.  That's about all I can say regarding Oklahoma's good points.  (I lived outside of Claremore, off 66 between Claremore and Chelsea.)
Um, yeah it is, when you're getting it basically all at once.  Did a rather potent shot once that had me flopping like a fish on my bed.  Pearl shale, I think I busted off an eighth-gram chunk and shot it.  Crossed my eyes and fell out.  Glad I left that shit behind a long time ago.
I lived there years ago, and didn't even know about MTBE.  Thanks for your informative response :)
I have to go update my blog...
I, like, just want to administratively assist in things, man.  That question is way above my pay grade.
It was an awesome experience and I enjoyed myself immensely!  Thank you, /u/powerlanguage !!
OOh my boyfriend just pointed that out! He loves Chevy and I had to show him this.
I bought a teeshirt with red-eyed snoo snuggling a pineapple.   Now I wish I bought the [limited edition "We Did It Reddit" shirt](http://teespring.com/we-did-it-thank-you-reddit) so I could overlay a red circle/slash over that image.  Because what reddit just did in the latest round of bans, is the antithesis of the freedoms they profess to champion.
Excellent.  I've got my tactical yo-yo around here somewhere.
Near end of party, some people were planning to hijack the rest of the dope bought by others.  Dude came from kitchen with a knife, told everyone to put their pipes on the table, and get the fuck out.  Stuck it in my back a little to make a point.  Turns out the plan changed and he kidnapped one of my friends, who was in on the dope scam, in the attic after we all left.  He beat and raped her for three days.  His name was Brian and yes he did end up going to jail.
I would, in a heartbeat.      There are times I want to "have" a kid so I can get the instant no-questions-asked "out" from participating in off-hours events or meetings that don't even pertain to me.   Just get a random kid pic in a frame and voila!  Instant part-time parent.
HAHAHA!  I was referencing my friend and I doing "car speak" when we were teens in that comment;, and lo and behold, the last car I owned was a Chrysler!  Thanks for the morning lulz!
Whee!  Cheap cigs, meth AND fireworks, all just a short cop-infested drive away!  Sauce: lived in AR just 5 miles from MO border.
Ha ha!  When I was a kid I always thought it was "the algebra that the devil put aside for me."  I hated math.
I remember vividly going to my Aunt's "friend's" house with my cousin when we were young.  This "friend", a male, had a pond/pool in his back yard an us kids would play out there.  We would also wander around, and I remember seeing a gorgeous home, like an estate, with a sprawling front yard, close to this "friend's" house.  I remember his name, but I really don't want to ask about it - my mom said this aunt, her sister, was illegitimate;  and that her daughter (my cousin) was illegitimate as well.  I believe that, as this Aunt doesn't resemble any of the other siblings, and her daughter does not have any of her assumed-father's unique facial characteristics.  It's a weird memory I don't think I will ever resolve.
We had a fat female gerbil named Sam (we thought it was a "he.")  Every new gerbil introduced would be dead the next day.  She ended up escaping and would up in the furnace filter.      There are serial killer rodents.
Sometimes when I am just going about my business, I imagine that the Ingalls time-traveled to present and manifest in my home.  I am tasked with explaining everything to them.  Microwaving dinner?  Explaining in my head.  Redditing?  Explaining.  It's weird but makes me really think about our modern world.
Ankles for me.  They're pretty shredded.  I stopped a couple years ago &lt;3  Hope you see your way to a better release.  I get it, I really do.
I m going shopping today after a stint at the beauty salon (on a gift card my current employer gave me for Christmas), because I have a job interview on Monday.      I once worked where they would buy all the office personnel nice button-up and polo shirts with their logo embroidered on.  So all I needed were a few pairs of nice slacks.  I miss that.  It costs a bundle to buy clothes you will never wear anywhere else but the office.
Our hound gets so excited she closes her eyes when we come home, because she hits herself in the face with her tail :D  It's adorable.
Nylon over the vacuum tube trick.   I lived with a guy that dealt a lot, it was common to get an eighth from a good vacuuming once a week.  Triplebeam was in the dining room and he liked to drink.
I met some of my ex-SO's friends and we got along GREAT!  One day last week we got into it (we still live together, knew each other before becoming involved) because he was mad a friend of his was in town and didn't call him.  I reminded him that his friend sent a postcard from a rehab facility and he never contacted HIM, so what makes HIM so special that he can just ignore his friends and expect them to to keep the friendship alive?  He then told me he has no friends because I am "such a bitch and his friends hate me."  I'm just like yeah OK. You keep telling yourself that. :D
Now that I think of it, one specific duo came over and stayed at the house over-weekend for Harleyfest.  I think it ticked him off that one of the guys saved the front page of the local paper twenty years ago that I was on, because he thought I was hot.  We never met each other before and he ended up emailing me a pic of his photo album with the saved page a few days later.  He's long married and we just thought it was a hilarious coincidence.  And it was :)
You should read "The Innocent Man" by John Grisham.  Also, I dated a man in OK who they picked up for a rape.  They gave the victim **five different mugshots of that same man** (he had been in the justice system before and they did not like him) in order to a) get perceived justice and b) get revenge on a cocky good-looking dude.  He was no angel and we broke up, but I was involved enough to talk to his defense attorney and verify these incidents did happen.  The lab also conveniently lost paint chips from his Jeep, and there was no DNA tested on the rape kit, if it was even processed.   He went though utter hell and once he managed to get a retrial, the prosecution claimed they found the girl and instead of a paper trial, she would be present in the courtroom (which was a lie).  He was so scared he pled out and went to prison.
And that he was a cop.  My dad is (was) a cop.
Just for some context, Dad never really "beat" Mom just like we weren't "beat" as kids.  Indian burns, twisting fingers, shaming... that's how us kids learned.  Dad used intimidation and utter humiliation and sometimes, he would put a chokehold on one of us, or toss a chair against the wall...  I was just going thru my comments and saw all of the conjecture happening before I was able to explain that he gave HIMSELF the black eyes after a hard nights drinking.  He never quit drinking.  He is in his seventies and had an aneurysm, and now cannot drink, but when I went home to visit he still wanted to hear Guns and Roses.  Don't think that there was some horror story happening... I have the best relationship one could ever want to have with my parents,
Excuse me but I am far from a "dim individual," nor is anyone in my family.  Our family consists of many military/public service folks as well as engineers and professors.  Also, my great-uncle married the first MTF transsexual. My family has contributed greatly to the fabric of America - my aunt was a WAC and one of the first female postmasters in the United States, just for example.  Also, I can trace my paternal lineage to the Mayflower.     In a nutshell, kindly fuck off.
Saw Crue and Alice Cooper last year, Maiden and Alice the year before, this year probably gonna see Jane's Addiction.  I remember when you could run to the Ampitheater entrance and get wristbands for free as available upon ticket entry to the Fest.  I saw Metallica free on a wristband. :)  Summerfest is such a great experience.
Late late late to the party here, but i saw MM in LaCrosse WI when they were banned from playing in so many venues.  I crossed our fair state from Milwaukee to attend, and it was THE best fucking concert I ever saw!!  Those were the halcyon years.
Hey Human?  Yeah, it's Clothes.  I wont' be able to make it today.  Thanks!
We used to call our friend Lynn (RIP) "Puddles."  As in, "watch out for Puddles!" as she sometimes would pass out on the floor of the bar.
She cleaned up and went to Barstow, some say murder, some say otherwise.  It's a mystery, but all I know is the good people who clean up from drugs seem to pass not too many years afterwards.  Thankfully I still abide, I do miss my schmexy friend though :'(
Thanks for that :)  She was something else.  Wish I could have seen her when she got clean before she left for CA.  I heard she passed when I was living straight in Oklahoma (had to get away, so I did), and it just killed me.  Made me wonder sometimes what's the fucking point of getting clean just to die 5, maybe 10 years later?   Yet here I am, still "suckin' air," as Lynnie would say.
I was looking for something to watch tonight because I can't find a decent torrent for the new Minions movie.  [Time to get Educated!](http://gph.is/1abNaGY)      Thanks for the linky-link. [6]
That's what all the straights say nowadays.  It's what the cool kids do in college.  LUG, anyone?  Fun fact:  when sent to prison, both sexes tended towards homosexuality (EDIT: were equally prone to "changing gears") - but men were more likely to remain homosexual upon release, whereas ladies went back to "strictly dickly."  See edit below.
I don't have kids and would gladly be called a non-breeding female.  Isn't there an orchestrated attempt to encourage the production of offspring both on a societal level and as a matter of policy?  Yes, yes there is.  Childfree women are looked at as less-than, because we are not "fulfilling our God-given unique blessed role as Mother."      I have been asked what's wrong with me that I don't have kids.  It's not what's wrong with me, it's whats right with me.  Trust me, the collective does NOT want me to be a mom.  I know my limits and a kid would bring out not the best, but the worst in me.  At least I am honest with myself and don't use a kid to score government assistance, a husband, attention, or myriad other terrible reasons people choose to be careless about birth control and "end up" pregnant.
So, anti-matter could conceivably be traced to the quark epoch, as matter (ergo ipso facto anti-matter) can neither be created or destroyed only transformed?  I submit that indeed, I am high and eating delicious shrimp in a coconut milk sauce.  These things matter.
