These types of services rely on user reviews. I've had nothing but great experiences, but I pay attention to reviews/ratings. Using uber as an example, I've never had a bad uber ride, where my cab experience has been 50/50. Something like airbnb requires you to browse the reviews and ratings yourself, but the tools are there and they're far superior to any option that's come before.
A small bit of advice. Digesting a the things you want to do to improve yourself is fucking overwhelming. Do yourself a favor, and sit down and break those things into single, non-overwhelming tasks. Faced with a complicated series of un-enjoyable decisions anyone will balk. Breaking "get in shape" down to the simple first step of "go for a walk" will not only make it much more digestible, but completing that simple task will build confidence not only in your ability to chip away at the larger task, but in yourself in general.
Bad attitude mainly, but one time I actually was dropped at the wrong place because the dude couldn't figure out his equipment.
Hard to say, ain't ever been anything else.
You have two sphincters. The upper one will let a little poo down to signal you need to go potty. If you hold it long enough, your body will get the hint and take the poo back.
When making a soup with thighs though, I just cut each thigh in half with kitchen shears, and debone after.
Ok, this is slightly embarrassing. Started as a plastic bag I'd spit into for lube. I eventually used a pillow, various pillow cases, towels, socks, etc to make what turned out to be a very pleasant-feeling female torso into which I would place my lubed up sammich bag. Depending on what I used for stuffing, I could vary my creation's figure to match whatever I was desiring at the time. I've never told anyone of this, and I'm turning a little red just typing it out.
I never thought of it as anywhere remotely close to adorable, but thanks.  That makes me slightly less embarrassed.
I didn't realize it at the time, but I was lonely as hell in HS also. Being in an ultra-strict Christian environment I had virtually no avenue to explore sexually. I guess I made do.   Edit: kinda makes me wonder how common this is
"Either we open our relationship or I'm breaking up with you."  We opened our relationship. She broke up with me anyway.
No, she wasn't yet. I knew her enough to know when the 'change' happened.
Thank you. It was rough.
Wish I would've.  Collected myself and decided to see if it could work. It didn't.
I know now :(
It was never exclusive, but it was never fully open either.
This was never exactly exclusive, so it's not like it came out of nowhere. I have had great open relationships since.
We had talked about it many times before, and I really did want one. She just went about it entirely wrong. And yes, in retrospect the relationship was pretty much already over, we were just prolonging it's death.
When I cook brats, I first caramelize half an onion, then deglaze with a little beer and add half an apple, diced. Top with the brats and cover, simmering for about 10 minutes. Remove brats, and brown both sides in the oven on broil. Slice brats, and serve atop a bowl of the onion/apple/beer.
I have an issue with this point of view. If you have your shit together, and are patient and loving, you can actually fix people. I have done it several times, and had it done to me.   This won't end how you are thinking though. You won't magically make them into who you want them to be, and live happily ever after. Every time I've experienced it, or seen it happen, it's a temporary relationship by its very nature.   After the wound that drew the person into the relationship is healed, that relationship has ran its natural course. This can lead to an amazingly deep friendship, but if continued past its natural end will usually hurt one or both parties.
I was hanging out with my brother when he was working as a ranch hand one semester to make a little money. He was showing me around, and we were walking among the cattle when it started to rain. Most of them walked over to cover, but one cow tried to hide its head under me to escape the rain. I stood there, getting soaked in the rain, cuddling the shit out of this adorably stupid cow's face. I would say this counts as communing with a cow.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Yes, this is quite amazing as well.  Best head I've ever had was from two friends of mine.  Started out with them both going down on me, then one gave the other an orgasm while she continued to go down on me then rejoined her.  The the other returned the favor.  It was fucking hot.
My [favorite ramen recipe](http://i.imgur.com/pO0DH.jpg). Also uses a peanut-sriracha combination. They go wonderfully together.
As an architect, I like this explanation more.
I'm in a similar situation, and it can be exactly amazing as it sounds. Be careful though, jealousy can spring up in weird places. Is she ok with you kissing them?  Giving them oral?  Going out of town with them? Find out if there are any particularities that are out of bounds, and communicate *profusely*, especially at first. Talk through everything so you don't hit any unexpected snags. Most importantly, have fun you lucky bastard.
As an architect that also smokes, smoking indoors is absolutely disgusting and can actually lower property values.
If you move your company *into* the glass office building, you will have an amazing view.  I've always said you should pick the ugliest building in town and move into it.  That way it won't ruin your view.
Deep Ellum
Here in Texas, we use bullets to open our beers.  Shoot'em in the air when we're happy. Shoot'em in the air when we're mad.  Use'em for punctuation and dottin' i's and j's when pissing our name onto the side of a barn.
Brother!  I barely recognized you.  How was Taiwan?
Spoiler alert:  I actually am one too.
I've shot men for less.
Architect here. When I was an intern my boss took me on a site visit to a school we had under construction. Everything looked fine, but something looked....  off. It took us an embarrassingly long time but we finely figured out they had hung the doors upside down. Every. Single. One. They had no hardware on them, and they were mostly glass, and since they were *all* upside down it took a while for our eye to register what was wrong.
My brother and his wife have one and they love it.  I have a tempurpedic and I love it.  We can't stand each other's mattresses.  Supposedly, 90% of people love either a memory foam or a sleep number, but very few like both.
I will probably die from a heart attack during a particularly intense round of smash bros.  That, or during an orgy.
I just realized I can't remember the last time I saw an actual calendar.
In his formative years, he was under a lot of pressure.
Architect here. This is correct. In addition to the standard sized parking space and signage, HC spaces require a 60" area the length of the space for maneuvering. If the space is van-accessible, it requires a 96" space for wheelchair lift + maneuvering.
&gt; My husband and I agreed, before our first threesome, that we would both pay more attention to the guest star than to each other that night.  If the primary F can handle this, it really is the way to go.  It makes for an amazing experience for the guest, and gives both primary partners the chance to explore the novel addition to the bedroom.  Letting go and enjoying your guest together can also be an incredibly bonding experience, the afterglow of which will add considerable fuel to your intimacy afterwards.
&gt;he said he is happy I’m back to the right way, he told me the memories he had from his circumcision and claimed that we have to sometimes do what’s right and not what’s wanted…  This is a **huge** red flag, and having come from a strict religious upbringing it is one that I personally avoid like the plague.  The idea that there is a Right that trumps personal development is not something I am willing to live with.
I would like to add to this, look up polyamory.    These are all feelings you get in new relationships, and is one of the reasons an open relationship can be so incredible. You get to experience these emotions while already in a committed, loving relationship.   You HAVE to see the emotions for what they are though, and not let them be detrimental to your primary relationship. Above all, communicate. It's entirely possible your partner is feeling a version of the same, and crushing on someone together can be an amazing experience and can REALLY help keep things in perspective.   If you can't keep the feelings under control, the poly lifestyle might not be for you, or you guys might need to put rules in place to limit your exposure to thirds. I was in a partially open relationship where we dealt with this by having all communication go through my gf. If you talk, and you think you can engage these emotions without damaging your existing relationship, then good for you!    Something to remember though, while you might be falling for her, she fell for you and your partner. Most likely, dating her solo is not an option at this point and any attempt to do so will find you single.
"Sir" and "master" have worked great for me. "Mr. ________" feels way too formal for me.
I've lived here 10 years, and have never heard of this
I have several friends that self-medicate with weed to be focus their attention span enough to be effective at a desk job. And they are *highly* effective. The drugs they were prescribed for the same purpose were less effective, more expensive, and had some pretty bad side effects.
I think I have finally convinced my ultra-liberal gf of this. Conservatism and liberalism are the ebb and flow of societal progress.   Religion seems out of place sometimes in the modern world, but it is society's millennia old memory of a way to live that is *good*. (Its other things as well, but that's besides the point). It is a way to live that is sustainable on a societal scale that will let most people be pretty happy.
Have you lived alone?  Then you've taken care of a household. I've done it several times, sometimes with a partner, sometimes alone.  It really doesn't come anywhere near a full time job until you add children to the mix, which is why the tax breaks should be tied to child rearing instead of marriage.
This is pretty much my method.  I'll eat what I want the first day, then split it up and freeze/refrigerate the rest.  As a bonus, if it lasts a week then you can repeat and have two different types of leftovers.
Brining takes chicken to a whole 'nother level. I'm a fan of a beer brine personally.
I used to hate her. Ok I still hate her, but I kinda get her purpose now. She's camouflage for a great show about a myriad of interesting characters, that's wrapped in a white woman bow to sell it to the producers.
[This](http://cooking.nytimes.com/recipes/1018059-beer-brined-roast-chicken) is a good place to start. You can mix up the spices any way you want, but keep the liquid/salt/sugar ratio the same. Fwiw, I've cooked chicken with a wide variety of beers and ran quite a few "Pepsi challenge" rounds, and Guinness always wins.
