I had to pay bribes just to prove I am a human being while issuing for passport.
Dude, as a fellow Indian, I'd suggest you to stop commenting on this sub - don't u see, almost no Indians respond now-a-days. Don't break your head.   It was fun while it lasted. Not anymore.
I have seen/heard no records, stories or hymns that speaks of slavery. My information may be limited though.  The closest thing to slavery was 'bonded labour' due to the zamindari system during pre-independent India (India abolished it as soon as it became independent).
Dude, don't bother responding on /r/pak; most of indians have given up on it.  They circlejerk their own idiocy and paranoia. Just look around, the Indians responding to this sub has reduced greatly.   I come to this sub just to feel, "Ok atleast there is a country which is having everything worse..."....and am mostly non-participant.
"hindu reformers" were just a handful one could count them with the tips of their fingers.  Their battle was with the society at large, and even now it is slow to change.  Call it a boon or a bane; Although I am quite happy/proud/satisfied with Hinduism, it has had this characteristic slow evolution rate (But it does evolve!! Unlike most others!)   Looking at families closely, I believe the reason is more so because  people (or rather individuals) dont want to bear the burden/responsibility of a negative fallout of any change they accept (if any).   Whence they are forced to change, they atleast have that excuse.  In Christianity or other religions with proper heads, the onus and responsibility of fallouts for change would be on this....in a system like Hinduism, who bears this?  The shoulders of the common man is too weak to courageously take a conscious decision to do so, until/unless situations forces them and leaves them no alternative. Common man thinks, "If a system has worked well for many many centuries, why change it." while the shastras decree, "Laws (Smritis) can be changed as per evolving times and societies..."  Hence, on topic, yes, I do accept to a reasonable degree that so-called rationalists, etc have a reasonable argument when they say hindu society at large were less inclined to change, even for the good. Yet, I feel unless this root apprehension and doubts are cleanly addressed, any reformation would be extremely distasteful and lacking proper co-operation from the society at large.
I tell them, "not giving anything to kids, you should be in school now"
I live in bangalore, but my language is not Kannada but tamil, but I completely support this.  I mean, even I learned a bit of Punjabi and refined my Hindi when I went north so much that people though that I was a northie...but Delhiites when they go anywhere? No sir.  Motherfuckers...lock them in the capital, they are a pain in the ass.
This guy is a legend. For someone who could not read sanskrit very well nor relative who had time to tell the puranas...  Learning the stories in a simple way....
In recent times:  So I met this startup founder (calls himself CEO) for a discussion/interview. He told me his general plans for his company and its future potential and said I would play a very important role in it (help bring finances and sales). He would later give me a share of the percentage as well.  I told him, that's all good, how am I to get paid right now? I need to survive somewhat. I told him my current salary and would expect atleast around 50-70% of that to make survival easy. He said if he paid me that much and I left in a month, he would get nothing done and be that much loss of capital.  We did some calculations and he hard negotiated to bring it down to around 40-50% with 25% for some initial weeks, which I can all get back when things fly.   He then asked my working hours. I said 9-4/m-f. He asked me what about other times? I said I'll find a second job or work on something which I already was in to help pay bills.  He lost his shit and called me a non-risk taker, he wants me available throughout the day or night. He does not want someone who has a plan b, cos then they won't put their all in a plan A. Secondly my second job/ideas would conflict with this later when we do similar stuff.  He said it wont work - get back to me later but drop everything else and work at a pittance and risk your everything, "like I do" and rewards would be great. Else don't come back.  I was like, "wtf did I just hear?"   P.S: are all start up founders like this? Cos I got the vibe of, "you maybe right, but you definitely an asshole. Your attitude will kill/make your company your future employees."  People with startup experience can elaborate.
The only good experience I had was my job needing done with chandigarh passport office after the himachal one messed it up.
Our country offers scholarships at undergraduate level? I'd like to know this too.
I am sorry for you man, but I laughed. Sorry.
Can someone more aware tell me what is the exact situation with China n taiwan?  Are they one country or no? Do they need visas to travel into each other? Are there any restrictions?  It's a little over my head.
In karnataka, had to drive a square with hand signals and then reverse within the square
The dance, himalayas, bhramaputra, very close to China, Bangladesh and mayanmar (atheist, Muslim and Buddhist neighbours - the deep sea, devil and time bomb) so I am a little scared for them... potential of being another kashmir (which I don't want), had the privilege to be associated with Subhash chandra bose(?), orthodox/flourishing tribals converted to Christianity.   most importantly, Indians.
Oh, I am a vegetarian so I don't stock meat at home. Anything else? It seemed to be munching the biscuits pretty actively.
Oh am sorry, his question was if I was Australian, now if I was in Australia. Hope that clears it.
Whenever I see how the authorities ignore NE 2x more than ROI, I die a little inside.   I mean, its like, GOI at the center/state have already given up on NE thinking it would be Chinese territory in the next few decades.  Similarly to Kashmir...Independent or anexed or trifurcated...."lets not spend money on something that won't be ours...else we'll be the Chandrababu Naidu of the world..." attitude.
Most news outlets only talk about New Delhi and near by areas. I once in a while hear about south - only if issues have escalated to bigger ones.  So NE feeling left out has some company.
When I first started this manga, the art startled me - it was amazing for a cooking based manga.   Later I was told the author is a famous hentai mangaka/artist.  Currently I am on a reading hiatus waiting for it to accumulate chapters.
I went crossing two districts in Himachal to get a rose for her, skipping class and what not (maybe a test?). This was because I could not find flowers anywhere close by.  She was in a bad mood, and it was just not the right time to talk such a conversation - just wished her well and walked away.   Maybe I was born stupid, maybe it was make believe. I just dont think of "what if.." about that day anymore - except that the event occurred.
What? lol...what?  No, I had to seek a florist - on that particular day, local florists had ran out of roses.
Yes, my friend.
The problem with your examples are - they at best punch holes into India was not a nation before the British theory. The fact that they have always been a set of political kingdoms having similar, but not the same culture gives strength to this theory.  A more stronger evidence -  empirical, literary, archeological and the like is required to solidify this claim.   Personally, I support your stance as I am more aware of our cultural nuances than an outsider.  You could blame the alternative faction unable to provide suitable voice to challenge the narrative.
Why does your attire read "Cum Penis"....  oh wait...different country and different language. my bad.  *considers meme investment*
Apologies, i meant "My friend is a devotee" in my original post.  He is a revered peer or a wise fakir or sadhu.   He actually does not represent any religion as such - people say he has muslim origins but treated people or all religions equally.  He did not object to a child - later the local populace's reverence through hindu-style puja.  Until then he had a following of both hindus and muslims. There are stories where followers objected to him being worshiped in a hindu way.  TBF, he held no religious position, but the hindus prayed to him in the way they know - making others sorta abandon him - thus getting absorbed into hinduism by default.  His teachings are universal, and definitely someone who preaches universal love will find a home in hinduism.   Although mainstream hinduism do not acknowledge him to be of reverence as he does not talk about the vedas and such, he definitely has a massive following.   I personally have neither positive nor negative view of him - but I do respect him for his teachings and wisdom.
Why I am very curious about this case is because what he is trying to achieve in Australia is what he probably has well established in India.   We can know how far and wide the rabbit hole really goes.  Although, I didn't expect Australia to cave in to his "I care less for the world, environment and the like" ways but I appreciate the resistance and arguments.  That'll help know where to start looking in India.
My dad teaches sanskrit to a few people online through Skype.   Mostly people runaway when he asks them to pay - apparently for some reason, in India there is a current belief, everything to do with sanskrit is supposed to be done for free. The whole guru dakshina concept makes people get away with giving peanuts after months of effort.  He used to teach for free (nearly) when he had a source of income - but now he is retired (60+) and needs some money to survive.   He did his bachelors and masters in sanskrit just a few years ago and is trying for PhD. He is a qualified engineer, who speaks very eloquent English and used to work for a big power company in India.   If you have basic questions, to ones where learning sanskrit through Skype or something else - I can ask him.  Generally classes are like regular attendance, exams are pretty straight forward - I have not been asked to write essays or such in sanskrit even in school. This was over 10 years ago, don't know the system currently.   I can read and write very basic sanskrit even though I passed with 90%.   You'll need more than that to understand the works you are interested in.
That's what i've told her...i have prepared my family for collateral damage (of going to the police or trying to catch him/her). Personally I dont know what data/images/etc he/she has or what my sis has taken - neither did I feel privy to ask.  Family using android devices - no apples in our orchard.
I am unable to reach parents currently. They might be at the cyber cell. I was sleeping when they called (my bad).  I'll update as soon as I get info myself.
Yes they would also be perhaps probed. I personally don't trust their 'helpfull' intentions
I consider myself experienced in LDR, as all my relationships for atleast 3-5 months to 3 years were LDRs.  1. You start to love/like the mental image of your partner rather than the partner himself/herself - a red flag.  2. You want to either chat too often or once or twice a day for longer periods - phone call, skypecalls, text, etc. Not everything is or can be told through phone or texts.   3. LDR needs more commitment and patience than passion and loyalty.   4. If you are more of a touchy-feely type, it's not for you. If you like reading books, playing online games, day dream - it can be for you but refer point 1. If you like to take things really slow, have a good habit of delayed gratification and lots of patience, and resist the favourite ice cream in the fridge - maybe it should work out.  5. It's a lot like the prisoner's dilemma when you are not communicating during the day.   6. Try not to lie, and warn and declare if you are moving on - don't cheat.   7. It's a lot like love, but it's not complete. Make sure you get out of your imaginary phase when you are with each other.
You just defined half of my country.
Warcraft was legendary - I felt sad when it was underappriciated and worse - it was turned to just a DOTA engine - no wonder Overwatch was a natural evolution.  I used to ask for "Warcraft normal" games or players...
I need lord Ganesha a to help me write up that list and tell you the story.
My bad. I thought op was genuinely asking.
Manga fan here
I am not sure what subject you are giving on, so imma gonna keep it general:  1. Usually people don't care about the introduction - if you are the first to present, then you'll have to go through it all... if you are like the 7th person for the same professors, then you better keep it brief.  2. Talk about results for the most part - high light them as how you have got good information, while ascertaining the scientific process was pretty good.   3. Keep conclusions brief (about 3~6 points) and then open the floor for questions.  4. Dumb fuck professors will ask questions on the methodologies - you can guess they did not understand much so you can answer them easily, confound them if you dont know well. Don't go too far though and get caught yourself.  5. Normal ones will ask you about interpretations of the results, how it will help and might ask you what you could have done and could not have - in this case - If it was a cheap/easy experiment suggestion, tell why that data would not fit in your thesis. if it was a costly expensive suggestion, say theses were initial results and it can be probed further based on funding and resources. Most times they'll suggest somthing that start discussing amongst themselves (the professors), just keep nodding and smiling.  6. The smart ones will challenge your premise and what could be the implications of your work. Answer the first part to the best of your knowledge while the 2nd part sparingly, leaving it open ended.  7. Its okay to say "I don't know" for 2/10 questions but only if it is something you did not perform.  For example: you cannot say "I dont know" when the question is, "Why did you perform this and this expt when you could have better quality of results using this experiment"  You can say "I don't know" when they ask knowledge based question like "what is the melting point of that one random chemical you used in just one time and is not too relevant in your study as your experiments never take it to that temperatures". Such dumbass questions are better avoided - as it might throw the floor open for more knowledge based questions.  8. Dessertations are made to push you to sweating point and to make you say "I dont knows" atleast a few times. Don't get too cocky nor look too stupid - pick and choose those "I don't knows" if possible, better if you can predict the next question based on your answer - sometimes they are designed to trap you.  9. Know the basics - the 80% of your questions will be on the basics. There's no point you explaining your new algorithm when you don't know what the If-then code exactly does in your program.   10. When your guide steps in to defend you, better let him answer. But make sure you are talking for atleast 60% of the time for a good grade -else it'll seem like the guide is answering all the questions. If you've passed that, let the guide take the question - stay out of trouble, unless asked to specifically. (you'll know when they are looking at you for an answer, then you get in and answer what you know)
Wait a minute...i am new to cooking anything tasty... what happened to all that plastic wrap in between the layers?
I have never made a cake...with my hands, my entire life. Nor have I seen one.  Imma gonna wait for someone else to answer.   Edit: My google mojo must be off, no answers to my question - [Layer Cake](https://www.google.com.au/search?q=do+they+actually+cook+plastic+in+layerd+cake&amp;rlz=1C1PRFI_enAU714AU714&amp;oq=do+they+actually+cook+plastic+in+layerd+cake&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.16616j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8#q=do+they+actually+cook+plastic+in+layer+cake&amp;start=0)
I hate to admit it but if I were in a issue with someone in india, like harassment against me or my family , etc I'd consider taking the matter in my own hands.  I neither have faith in the police or a justice in my lifetime.   I know I am wrong but, I look at current laws as, "we all have one chance to murder someone or some people before we are jailed".  But that's just me...lol, prolly I don't have guts to actually do it but who knows.
Kiwifruit, grapes, milk, bread, ice tea, soft drink, protein bars, veggies, butter, dhai, range of pickles ,chutney,  canned foods, my car keys...garlic bread, frozen foods...  Oh that's where they were.
I told ya' all imma [centerist](https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=61.6&amp;d=45.7&amp;g=50.8&amp;s=63.6)  But I felt I was more of a right of centre, but it appears I am a little left of centre...i am guessing because of my age? I may deviate towards right of centre as I age perhaps.   Edit: the test needs to separate unsure and neutral.
Lemon rice, south Indian dish.  Just need to cook rice (20 mins, passive cooking)- which I cook in excess and store in the fridge for next 2 days or so.  When I want to eat:  A spoon of oil, some Indian seeds (cumin seeds, they are usually used in every Indian dish, so I call them that), chillies, peanuts (optional), random crap if I have.  Heat for a few mins (2-4 mins) -  put rice + a dash of turmeric power, half table spoon of salt, lots of lemon juice.   You can make upto 2-5 servings - enough for breakfast, lunch and dinner - size limited to the size of your pan/mini couldron.  Has a tasty sour, spicy taste and fills tummy well.
Well, if he was in 3rd world nation he would be run over. Or very close to it. (If he was run over, road rage would kick in).  A lot of my country men believe the right of way belongs to the richer/ more expensive vehicle.   A lot of newbie immigrants fail that question about pedestrian/ turning - right of way - problem. "Car is bigger, so pedestrian must wait?"
I am in favour of non-resident Indian citizen voting as well as a MP dedicating for the causes of resident non-indians (foreign citizens staying in India for non-visitor visa trips).   I believe this as we have an expat population of around 16 million, highest in the world (that's 2x pop of Israel for your reference). Most of them are talented, qualified, educated - and a lot of them are out because they think India is shit.  Now if we give them voting rights, it would help involving smart people in nation building -  great for the country, bad for the political parties.
My 3rd time today saying this:  **Not a single extra was given by BD.**  I am so used to 20+ from extras in Indian bowling that I did not think what BD did was possible.
Ayy Smart ass,  I co-related the logic of the post to BJP-esque support faction. They have a habit of acting based on misunderstandings or complete lack of knowledge and with just hearsay.   Albeit, I understand that the post is trying to say "Dont hurt cultural sentiments of the Australians" but my point being, that's misunderstanding of the entire thing if anyone thinks that way.  The entire op's image is along the lines of "what is this I don't even".
I am just using this thread to ask a question.  I am not an australian permanent resident, I am on a PG Visa staying in australia. Can I still invest in the australian markets through acorns?
I posted a dark joke on the yogi adityanath dissolving Muslim law boards thread and that the got down voted too.   Randian humour is too hipster for me, I guess.
