Yeah I have all 3 and the party crasher is the best in my opinion
I have used both with identical rolls pretty extensively and I like the party crasher. The range difference is slmost unnoticeable  but the party crasher fires noticibly  faster. It'd probably a preference thing though
i did it twice with 2 gallys and a hunger and we all used pretty much all our rockets and a synth. barely got it done
Trading would ruin destiny. I've seen it ruin and your other games and it really doesn't bring anything to the table especially in a game like destiny
Yeah you are right the one he is selling is a beast. I wrote that before I saw what the rolls were on the vendor one  but all my points on desired perks still stand. I will probably get one to roll and one to keep as is. I would like to roll hidden hand on one as well I wish that and third eye weren't exclusive
i have them both and i like the party crasher more. The impact and range difference is negligible but the party crasher fires noticeably faster. I have both with identical rolls btw
i have been but i use them up as soon as i get them even without reforging
thats not an option for the majority of players. I got to 7 wins the first week but wasnt able to crack it last week
yeah the key is good fireteam which is hard to come by. Im solid at regular pvp but i cant get it to carry over to trials.
i dont have either unfortunately. I have beaten him the last two weeks with LDR and Efirideets spears. I would try and find a high impact solar sniper. Ice breaker with only 6 shots( can fire roughly 8 consecutively)  is not viable if they are trying to burn him. I dont think you could even break his bonds with ice breakers. Ill probably be staying away this week. i have 60 normal crota clears and no black hammer and do every exotic drop 3x a week and no Gjallarhorn
Thanks i really didnt care too much about the GHORN until recently. Not having one is actually negatively effecting my experience now. I wouldnt say xur should sell it but someone who plays as much as i do should have a way to acquire a weapon like this. I coudlnt even do skolas 1st week and im all about endgame PVE.
No its not i have only gotten it on two of my three characters every week. Its only guaranteed one per account per week and the rest is RNG
I would try and roll for reinforced barrel and shot package. Anything after that is a bonus. I personaly dont like handicapping myself to proc final round more often in a weapon that already one hit kills people ( smallboar)
been playing it all week.
i just use the destiny app and i have pretty good luck finding teams for every activity... i feel like there arent as many people posing on the reddit recruitment
Corrective measure is not bad. I have all the god heavy machine guns but always go back to my corrective measure. I kind of stopped reading after that
i should say it was being a sherpa for crota for months and seeing people flip out over their new loot but really i think my  best moment in destiny was probably when i realized trials isnt that hard and i can actually succeed at it
People make ridiculous requirements for every activity. " vog must be 34 with max ghorn". There are also plenty of people on the forums just looking for people to play trials with. It's like selective reading ... You only see the people going for flawless when there are a ton of people just going for 5-7 wins. Trials can be frustrating especially if you don't have good friends. I have been working at getting better at pvp and finally go flawless this weekend. It was well worth it and I think anyone can succeed at trials with a good gam plan and solid weapons
Happened to me last week. We lost the first match and then got our revenge the second time around.
Ive been disconnected from destiny before and nothing else in my house has every been effected...ever
I actually started watching him recently and I've never seen him act like that. That video was my first impression of him but he is actually one of the nicest streamers around
they either grow physically right out of the gate or they dont. Sure somtimes physical growth can get spurred on later in their development but if they dont start growing when they are promoted i wouldnt bank on it happening at all.
yeah i got a huge list of shit they want me to do. Im just done with the game. Fuck it
just bad luck. Ive had amazing regens with great WF and SM as well as what youve experienced
I Cant imagine playing a shooter without my scuff. It takes some getting used to but the paddles are ridiculously helpful
been having the same issue on PS4
its so frustrating when you are dominating and have the other team against the wall in their own spawn and your teammates start blocking their spawn so they flip. Pet peeve for me
M8, Pharao and ghost were my first 3. I was sick of waiting for the pharoa to unlock and m8 is such a high level it made sense to me
it took me a little while to get used to my scuff but i cant imagine playing without it now. You will get used to it. Give it time you wont regret it
I Stay as long as i am not getting spawn camped and there arent raps on the ground already
I've been playing destiny religiously since launch. i haven't played in a few months and have no desire to play anymore. I absolutely love destiny but i got bored
you guys think you have problems. My career mode has been freezing about 5 years in and getting corruped. Its a problem effecting other people on the career mode sub but its not wide spread enough for EA to do anything about it. All they do when i contact them is give me standard trouble shooting tips when its clearly something wrong with the game. I have stopped playing fifa
I never gave either of those guns a second thought until i did diamond ARs. Now they are  two of my favorite guns in the game. Especially the hvk.
ive never had any lag until last night
Its obviously something in the game causing it to crash. I have contacted EA numerous times and each time im told its on my end and they give me general trouble shooting tips. There are people on every fifa forum having the same issues but its not wide spread enough for them to do anything. I have stopped playing the game mode i love so much because of this.
One of their names starts with B. Hes the one of the people on my PSN friends list but doesnt show up. So in order to get friends to show up in BO3 i have to delete people from my overall psn friends list? I will give it a shot
PS4.
that show only gets better and better. The first season is one of the weakest for me. Keep at it
I hated american Sniper. Mainly because right before i saw the movie read an article by a  journalist who was embedded with Kyles seal team. He claimed he is a pathological liar and almost everything is taken out of context or a flat out lie.  He attributes things to himself that happened to other seals or changes big events to suit his story. Im not sure if i would be downvotes for not liking the movie or criticizing a deceased hero
how did you get tickets to a sold out premier at the last second?
you can say that about people from any nationality. I along with many of my friends have watched soccer religiously for years. Ive been watching and playing soccer since i could walk.  Americans that are part of this sub are not making uninformed comments all the time and they are not less informed than fans from other countries. Bullshit assumption   edit: uninformed not uniformed
you would probably be fine with a righty but a lefty might be a whole different ball game for you. You def should try it
i just asked a question about this. I hate using mobile versions of websites. Id rather navigate the website i already know. This just started to day with reddit and unless it gets changed i won't be using reddit from my phone   edit: found desktop
I personally watched most of the clips and was glad someone uploaded them. I took the time to watch them and enjoyed it.
nice... im actually learning that song right now. ive got it down until the solo. Gonna start working on that later today
thanks for the response. yeah unfortunatly the guitar shops near me only have the deluxe. Ive played both in the past but i just dont remember how loud the Princeton gets. I know it breaks up earlier than the Deluxe. Im leaning towards the deluxe. Its an amp ive always liked.
I did that with Peaky blinders. I accidentally watched the first few episodes of the second season first. And i found it interesting they didnt explain everything but i still mostly knew what was going on. I did realize my mistake but i found it refreshing for a little while
yeah thats a little above his price point but it would be perfect for him. I just got a brand new one on crags list for 400.
i love the sound of new strings
its not the best deal ever but i just bought a mint hot rod deluxe for 400 bucks. Its as mint as it gets. Guy played one gig with it and never used it again. I do alot of my buying on craigslist
