I have a friend who despite finally agreeing with me that it was Laurie after weeks of arguing with him that there was no 'r' at the end, still just says Laurier. This was probably 8 years ago.   I don't know if it's out of habit or just to spite me.
Ya, I hadn't thought of that until after I edited my response. At least it's only 1 piece that is wrong then!
Any deep fryer that I've seen or owned in the last 10 years has a magnetic cord attachment on the back of the unit so that if you pull the cord, it just comes apart at the magnet, takes barely any force to detach them.   Until they make the countertop mounted plug boxes cheaper and I find a builder that won't make me pay for the hole in the granite, the only island I would put one on top of would be my own, and that's just because I think they're cool, not that I find them necessary.
We got ourselves a good old Canadian fight going on here. I'll meet you for a hockey game in the Tim Horton's parking lot in 15 minutes so we can truly settle this.
I've never had an issue with my Telus 50, but I'm on fibre too. Are these your speeds on wifi? Or LAN?
I heat gunned 2.5" just last week, just had to kick it over to a wall by about 4 inches so I could transition it to EMT. Can confirm that it took a solid 45 minutes to get it warm enough.
Generally that Velcro is to wrap the cord up when it isn't in use...  Also, I've got a pretty big power hogging laptop and the power adapter is rated for 2.25A input, and 9.5A outlet. Smaller units generally have closer to like 3.5A output. To compare that being wrapped in Velcro, with wrapping 8x power home runs that could be pulling close to 100A of power if most were under nearly full load with Velcro, is pretty ridiculous.
No, not for temp, this is the permanent install, panels tend to be a little more industrial looking over here in the US/Canada. I wish our panels were cleaner looking and mostly plastic like other places around the world.
They all need to be interconnected in Canada too. But you are able to get wireless ones now that only need a 120V power source, and you pair them to talk to each other wirelessly.   I would also call a local inspector. I'm in Alberta and got an email about 2 months ago saying that we're going to be required to have a detector on each floor, PLUS one in every bedroom.   Also, any detectors on a floor that have bedrooms, or some form of gas burning appliance (fireplace, stove, furnace, etc), need to be smoke/co combination detectors. You also need an extra one in your furnace room if it is framed separately from the rest of the living area of the floor it is located on.   Edit: I'm not sure if your house has a basement, you didn't mention in your post, but if it does and you were hoping to get away with not having to add one down there because you weren't doing work down there, be completely prepared to be asked to add them in the basement too.
Have you properly paired up the remote and receiver in the ceiling? On both there are usually 4 dip switches to match up the frequencies.  The idea behind these is that you're technically just supposed to hook up the fan receiver directly to 120V power instead of a switch leg, and control the unit with the remote and ignore the switch. But you can also get wall switches that can pair with the receiver as well.   I've gotten so many calls from owners saying their fan stopped working because one of their kids opened up the remote and had hit a dip switch and changed the frequency.
Can I somehow find you IRL and give you a hug for this asset?
I don't get why this is always a question regarding dental work. They shoot your mouth so full of novacaine that you could bite your tongue off and not feel it. Everyone dreads root canals, I finally had to have one last year, didn't feel a thing. Got all 4 wisdom teeth pulled with nothing but novacaine on February, took longer for the freezing to take full affect than it did for them to pull the teeth and sew me up.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with having a Nema 10-30R for a dryer, you have a hot/hot/ground run to the dryer, and instead of a separate neutral, you bond the neutral to the ground at the dryer itself. It's perfectly safe, and meets code.  Source: licensed journeyman electrician.  Between this and your post in /r/electricians, you seem like the biggest pain the ass tenant, and all you're going to do is piss off your landlord. You can't honestly expect all 125 million homes in the US can be expected to be brought up to the current NEC every 3 years when they update it, that's absolutely absurd.
I use both No Pillars and road anarchy, I find that I don't use No Pillars quite as often anymore, because of it, but there are certain times when I do absolutely need to (like building elevated train tracks overtop of a road for downtown trams).   I still get the problems with the weird zoning with the No Pillars, and just have to fix it afterwards. The worst thing is when you accidentally leave No Pillars set to overlap instead of collide, and you don't notice until you start zoning a bunch of houses on top of your roads. Just have to fix it afterwards, I don't think there is any way for the mod creator to change it.  Road Anarchy is what highlights the road blue when you will be colliding.
Just fucking sit down. All that spray going on the bottom of the toilet seat, and walls to the left and right. Guess where the last direction is? Right back at you, your pants are getting covered in piss every time you stand up and use the toilet.   Coming from a guy who has been sitting down to pee unless there is a urinal for the last 5 years.
Get the highest speed of Telus internet you can get, ditch the phone and TV. I'm assuming you have cell phones and Netflix.   I pay less than $100/month for 100mbps and unlimited data cap.
My favorite part of this game is spending hours building perfectly neat, massive interchanges.
They're building one in my city right now (Calgary), can't wait to use it. The big thing is that you only have 2 light possibilities. One direction goes, or the other direction goes. Normal diamonds have as many as 8 because of the requirement of advanced or delayed turning lanes.
If the other side is unfinished and the wire is neatly stapled or clamped to the joist, I don't think many inspectors would have an issue with it, but good on your for going above and beyond.   You said you liked the idea of not having to ground the plastic box, and that's why you don't want to buy a metal one. If you've got 12/2, what's wrong with just getting a metal one and wrapping the ground wire around the screw in the back? I can't think of any reason why you consider this the deciding factor of not going metal.
Ya, it was really nice today, know of 2 guys who were out on their bikes. The problem is when the temp drops again in the evening and everything that melted, refreezes and turns the road in to a hockey rink.
Ya, missed my zero, but was obvious what I was meaning seeing as when I added the rest to it I only got $0.17, and not $1.70
Ya, I get that too. Once I'm home I'll post a picture of my neutral setup, I'm also from Alberta so we do things very similarly.
I'm glad to see others putting in little service areas like these, I have little areas like this all over my cities mainly for water pumps, treatment plants and incinerators.
As someone from Canada who has never seen a dryer with anything but a 14-30R outlet and plug in any house built in the last 15 years, these posts really bug me.
Required by law in Quebec, Canada already. And should be everywhere honestly with the number of countries banning the sale of new IEC cars by 2025-2030. I do work for one builder and a 50A sub panel with a 30A 240V outlet for an EV charger in every garage is their minimum for garage electrical.
I'd run 2" for power, 1" for TV and Internet, and maybe a couple more 1" for future proofing. Just did 2 houses this past fall where we had 7 conduits between the garages and houses.   2" for power  1" for cable company  1" for phone company   1" back for house-&gt;garage 3-way switches  1" back for TV/internet in the garage  1" back for automation in the garage  3/4" back for garage slab heat thermostat (boiler was in the house)   I would also have no issues using your conduits. Just make sure you bring them out of the ground well. Don't have a bundle of 6 conduits, space them out a little, keep the large pipe for power at least 1' from the rest, put the TV/internet beside each other, and the extras beside those because they'll probably end up with an LB on them going on to the garage.
I've been told that in some southern states like Texas, some car companies don't even offer cloth/textile seats, because after a couple of years of ass/leg sweat seeping in to them every day, that the seats actually start to stink, so all they offer is leather.   But this might be some old wives tail Canadians tell people because we live in a place where if you need a block heater, then warm your car up for 10 minutes, and need heated seats to be remotely comfortable in the winter.
A Normal 14-50R can only supply 32A continuous, despite being rated for a max of 50A.   I'm a journeyman electrician in Calgary and have installed more than a half dozen High Powered Wall Chargers this year, and countless 30/50A outlets for the portable chargers.
It honestly barely reduces the size. I've tried that and they're not worth it. And it seems like the expanding flexible rubber part just dries out in the sun and will eventually crack.
Idiot apprentice with a suicide cors setup, love Mondays.
Depending on location, all garage receptacles are required to be GFCI. Latest NEC also requires the fridge be GFCI protected.  I take it you're also from Canada and aren't aware of differences between the NEC and CEC.
You realize that 95% of water lines in your house in the last 15 years are plastic? The incoming water line in plastic, the drain is plastic, the only time there is copper is the last 3 feet of pipe for the actual shower head, and we don't ground that, I'm an electrician.
Drive it passed the notch then, all those guys are probably "overdriving" their staples. It's more about pulling the wire tight than it is about stapling tight. I personally take my hammer and pull it along the face of the wire, like you would do with a pair of scissors to a ribbon to make it curl, gets it nice and straight before stapling.  Also, where are you stapling on the face of joists, instead of going through them?
I'd call an electrician first, it could be something as simple as a loose connection in the main panel, this is something they could easily fix of the wire hasn't burnt up at all. They could meter the incoming voltage on your wires to see if the problem is before the panel.   If that is the problem, they might just call the power company themselves, and the power company generally responds better to a call from an electrician saying there is a issue than a homeowner, unfortunately. The electrician could also know one of the power company guys and be able to get them out quicker.   I personally have the cell phone numbers of 4 guys in and around my town, I never call the power company, I call them directly and generally have them out within the hour because we're on good terms.
Sure, we tend to have higher wages. But the exchange rate $1.31CAD for every $1.00USD. Our taxes are also higher than your, and basically everything is more expensive. You pay less than $20 for a 24 pack of beer, we pay well over $30. Cigarettes are less than $10 a pack down there, we pay closer to $15. I just spent $375,000 on a 1000sq/ft bungalow, how much would that cost where you're from? Gas is what, $2.00/gallon down there now? We pay more than $1.00/litre, so over double, and with the exchange, probably comes out to closer to triple if you're in BC or out East.
Listing more specifics would help. Are your drills breaking? Or all hand tools? I'm currently using Milwaukee needles nose strippers which I think are awesome, I've never been a fan of their screwdrivers, and I'm waiting to wear out my current Klein linesman and sidecutters enough before trying out Knipex.  Just saying "my tools are breaking" doesn't really help. Which tools are breaking?
Unless you have an acreage, I've never understood the point of a gas mower or snowblower.  My mower has a 2000W motor, takes me maybe an hour to mow my lawn, so 2kwh, which equates to maybe 30cents after all the extra bullshit fees the POCO throws on. Versus a few dollars for a gas mower or blower every week.
Vanity plates in general aren't obnoxious, heck, I have one, but all of the "LOLOIL" "LOLGAS" NO CO2" "WUT GAS" shit is horrible.
It hasn't actually changed for us Canadian yet, but in the US you are required to have a neutral at any and all switches on finished walls. Just pull a 14/3 down to the switch dude, gives you a neutral and use the red as your switch leg, then you don't have to have hot whites. We're going to follow suit eventually anyways, and this will probably be added in the 2018 CEC for us, so you might as well just start doing it now, it's better anyway.
I was there also! And I'm from Alberta, Canada. Some friends and I drove out for a concert in Auburn and got stuck in a swarm of bees.
Ya, I'm starting a 26 unit condo in my town next month, 3 floors, wood frame. Getting 600A 3-phase, and each unit gets a 100A panel with 2 phases. And this is in small town Alberta, Canada.
As an electrician, I'd like to let you know that that's not how it works.
The employees at my local Little Caesars have piercings, nuff said.
I sold my full collection of the unopened collector's editions last year for $5000 towards my house down payment. I honestly find it hard to believe you'd every get almost $9000 for it.
I have an apprentice who just picked up a few NWS tools, the one complaint about the linesman is that they are quite small compared to Kleins or Knipex, so small that you can barely grab a hold of three #14 conductors to twist them together, let alone a couple of #10s or a few #12s.
I've got various Milwaukee M12 and M18 tools, all of them are great. Start with just the M12 if it's all you think you'll need, I probably use my M12 drill more than my M18 just because it's lighter. Drilling any big holes or step bitting holes in j-boxes, always the M18. And if you end up needing to upgrade to the M18 at a later time, you've still got the awesome little guy for finishing work etc. And the little M12 portable speaker is awesome.
My uncle flew trans-Atlantic on one twice, still says it's one of the coolest things he's gotten to do.
It's weird that all of these guys who have never done residential, say to avoid residential at all costs. You know why? Because their journeyman who did residential back in the 80s told them that residential was terrible, which it was, in the 80s, and they just assume it's still the same.   It's not the 80s anymore. Residential can very fun, and specialized. Cookie cutters can be boring, but if you're fast, they're a great way to make money. Any decent builder of mid to large sized homes tend to be quite accomodating with time. I've never had to work with 4-6 guys on a house just to get it done as fast as possible. Their might be a small push if I get called away to another job for a day, but we're always given as much time as we need.   My longest roughin was nearly 3 months on a $3 million custom home. For 90% of the time was literally just me and my single apprentice there. No heating guys, no plumbers, no framers, unless they were called back to make a couple of changes.
I have a friend who as an Optical Technician, so it's her job to cut lenses and make glasses for customers. According to her, there is zero reason for the outer edge of the lens to be that thick. Any decent technician would cut and smooth most of that off. That not where you're looking out of, so it being so thick serves no purpose, besides the tech being too lazy to take an extra 5 minutes to clean them up, especially the outside edge that is sticking nearly a half inch back out of the frame.
"Almost none of my posts are reposts, except for the reposts"  Wut?
