I don't want to see a ghost  It's a sight that I fear most  I'd rather have a piece of toast  And watch the evening news  --- Really. Pick anything from the song. But that's my least favourite.
Hawthorn v Brisbane, the "stand in the shade" game.   Hawks fans gloating, followed by becoming apopleptic about all our guys on one wing of the ground and then getting smashed in the last quarter.  edit: 1995 at the Gabba - had to look up the year.
You ruined my proposed post.  Almost at the bottom and I get all ready to write a very clever (I swear) about it being a surprise that no one put Hawthorn, and then you go and ruin my post.  And it pains me to say it but, apart from the first year, I've grown quite fond of the Pies with Bucks at the helm.  He seems a genuinely good bloke as a coach, with the best interests of the game at heart, and not the figjam he was as a player.
Ok ok. I was tired. He did have terrible hair in my defence.   My bad.
2014 was a better game, even though a more lopsided result.  That's still the best I've ever seen Hawthorn play.  2013 Hawks just sort of cruised and did enough to win.  Skill levels were low and there wasn't much excitement.  I haven't watched it since.    I've watched 2014 multiple times.
Yep. Will all be highly tailored based on age, injuries, needs.   I remember years ago one pre season hawks deciding Franklin needed to get bigger to be better in marking contests. He had his worst season after that carrying the extra weight, so the next pre session they realised their error and he slimmed down again.   Similarly, when khunt came across, he had to lose a bunch of weight to get the aerobic fitness level required.  Basically he needed to be a tighter khunt.  Different strokes for different folks.   EDIT:  marking forests -&gt; marking contests, although the former probably more accurately described Franklin's biggest weakness for a key forward - pack marking.
Great batsmen. Lazy fielder.   Remember he and Dhoni having a falling out over his fielding when Dhoni was captain, so assumed he was the target.
And we had squandered so many opportunities, gifted them so many goals.  At 3/4 time, I was thinking this is one of the big chokes given our form that season, and that I would never hear the end of it.   Thanks jeebus for Burgers and to Chris Scott for his policy of never tagging Sam Mitchell.
Worried about getting smashed into goal posts or hit by drink drivers.
Buying housewarming gifts.  Do you ever notice that they always sell cups in packs of four?  At least that's always been my experience.
Priddy. Good game. Let's go to the pub to celebrate.   Can you flag four taxis to take us all there?
Read it?  I'm writing it baby.
I have never seen any team fumble as much as we have.  In any sport.  At any level.  I'm including drunken university games in this.
I'm watching on silent at work.   Please tell me the commentators said "clever" when the hawks tapped it on directly to Port, like they do for every tap by a player.
We too are known for third quarters
He has written some of my favourite ever pieces on footy, along with Tim Boyle and Emma Quayle.  It's sad to see him go.  I hope he pops up somewhere else.    The three of these writers each put a more human face on the game, rather than just cold analysis or scandal/scuttlebutt.
My correctness made me sad :(
I was watching the Wallabies
Double 69 sounds like a movie from my private collection.
As a Hawthorn fan, I don't understand why anyone would think any of these jumpers are ugly.
Angelo Lekkas.  Was a bit different and interesting off the field, which I liked.    He used to go to train kung fu at shaolin temples in the off season.  Solid, but not spectacular player.  Had a stroke very young that ended his career early, and turned to playing soccer.  Something about him I always liked and respected.  edit:  I know this is going to be controversial amongst Hawks supporters due to the fall out from his retirement, but fuck it.  It's my choice.
Sees link to Bigfooty and thinks "what crap is this?"  Spends far too long reading article, googling, considering the anecdotal fact that my previous personal debilitating knee pain was caused by a hip issue (when one physio told me I probably had a torn meniscus).    Starts to be convinced by something he reads on bigfooty.   mindblown.gif  (mind blown is more about reading something interesting on bigfooty than the actual diagnosis).   GET JAEGER TO PENINSULA PHYSIO STAT.
Had an 18 game career spanning two clubs before going on to the heights of ''Big Brother".  Cruelled by injuries.
OH MY GOD I JUST CAME A BILLION TIMES I'VE GOT NOTHING LEFT BURTON HNNGNNGNNNGNGGGG
It sucks being a hawks fan.   17th beats 1st and there is no chance of that being the most talked about game of the round.   Richmondround takes over
My proudest moment in my life
Iiinnnn West Chestconnecticut born and raised; on the playground is where I spent most of my days...
An ambiclimate.  It just keeps my house at the perfect temperature at all times; I can turn on the A/C on the way home and turn it off if I forget anywhere.
I remember when Warnie use to occasionally throw one of those down. It's not a good look.
Silver Tip tea I bought in Sri Lanka a couple of months ago when there :).
Boom.  Beat you to it!  (/r/afl unite).  edit:  I never thought I'd see the day where I beat Lego22 to post something.
I know Cummins is bowling a lot of bouncers now, but he's actually a really good guy. I wish him all the best.  I saw him once at a hairdresser in Parramatta. I'd taken my daughter for her first haircut (my wife was out of town) and in walks Pat Cummins. I didn't want to bother him, but wouldn't you know it my daughter just starts crying and crying. I'm trying to get her to stop, embarrassed in front of Paddy boy - but eventually he comes over to try and cheer her up and then says "Aaaw, she's just hungry". Then, Cummins lifted up his shirt and breastfed her on the spot and got her to stop crying.  Top bloke.
Pretty sure I'd be in the GOAT conversation if I somehow managed to do this.  (note:  there is more chance of Dirk doing a 360 dunk after euro-stepping than me doing this).
Hey girl, show us your bluebees.   I'll see myself out.
Well that's nothing. Once I..... .... ....
I was thinking form after leaving, not counting prime if that came before they left
I screwed it up on the phone, and then couldn't edit... Fixed now.
I can't beat this. Was going to say Rory Hilton.
When GT2 came out, a mate and I completed every race, every license, got every car together and dominated.   Now I play a racing game and I can't stay on the track.   Mind you, this is after around 17 years I guess.  I always sucked at FPS.
Slough because I hate myself
The Flying Dutchman, even as a Hawk supporter in an era when the rivalry with Essendon was at it's peak so there is a natural hatred between the teams amongst fans of that era, was a super exciting player to watch.   Knights was one of the best marks to ever pull on the brown and gold.   Put them both on each other - it was awesome to watch.  The game was different, less running, less uncontested ball, more kicking it to a contest and trusting "your guy".  These two probably split their duels over time and were some of the best to watch in that era.
Two months of having a wireless mouse plugged into a coworker's computer, and every so often moving the mouse when he was working.  Drove him so crazy that when he found out, he just stormed off and left the office.    Told his wife and she thought it was hilarious (as did he, the next day); still a good mate until this day.
Can't wait to see the knight...   I'm going to walk away from you on a slight angle so i can attack you.
Debt-free
Nephew
http://www.tectura.com.au/Portfolio/Detail/Williamstown  One of the nicer located stadia in Australia, with the low rise so you can still see the water in the background.
I can't look it up now, because I'm at work... But it's this Korean webcomic that basically takes control of your browser and is.... Very very disturbing.
I'll be in my bunk.
Just watching this video reminds me that he really loved playing against Geelong.
My eye is twitching.   He had a particular hatred for the Hawks. Understandable given our rivalry at the time he was younger.   Man he always screwed us.
