Does that spikey gelled hair of the late 90's- early 00's count? I did that in late elementry to early middle school. And I had a few pairs of baggy cargo pants too.
Really? I'm New Jersey but have been living in the Tampa Bay Area for the last 10 years. Before this season 90% of people I knew claimed to hate hockey or say its a Canadian sport and thought I was strange for liking Hockey over basketball or not following college football. (Which I swear is bigger than the NFL here). Now everyone is a bolts fan in the area. In away though its a good thing, hopeful the hockey playing population grows and maybe we will get an Ice Rink that's actually in Tampa. (I believe they are building one just north of Tampa).
Dade City too. Plenty of Confederate Flags everywhere. It was a culture shock first time I went there.
I'm not even a big NFL fan I watch a Giants game when I get one and that's it. Playing football is fun but I honestly always thought watching it was kind of slow.  I'm weird, prefer Baseball and Hockey, always have. A lot of people down here tell me baseball is boring. In the Northeast, Baseball is actually bigger than Football. I guess I could be hanging out with the wrong crowds. Everyone I know who likes or plays hockey in the area is from out of state like me.  I'm glad hockey is growing in Florida not sure if it will ever reach the level of popularity in the Northeast or Great Lakes states but its growing.
Curious what high schools in the area have hockey teams? I graduated in 2010 and I didn't know any did. I knew at Brandon they had high school age hockey but don't remember any official high school teams.  The Tampa Bay Skating Academy only seems to list High School Age hockey on its website but not a mention of official high school hockey either.  Tampa is growing but I personally going to head out west somewhere after college and the military. Owning landing and housing are way way way to expensive in the area. Not as bad as New Jersey but still expensive.   Edit: Looks like there are some official high school hockey teams in Tampa. I lived just outside of Tampa and my High School and most of the ones in my area don't have hockey teams.
yeah I found that FHSHA page when I googled it earlier. My high schools and none of the high schools in my area just outside of Tampa had hockey none of them are listed. As for the missing school Tampa itself, I'm not surprised that Hillsborough high school isn't listed. That school is ghetto is hell.   Yeah I have some family do to the military moved out west and stayed after they got out. Low cost of living yet similar or better salaries that back east, cheap land and less traffic. I have family in Idaho, Montana, North Dakota and Michigan. Each one of them loves their new state more than Jersey, New York or Florida.
The only difference for me personally, the first three are all Pro Mod drag racing instead of NASCAR. The sitting in traffic one is the one that hits home the closest.
LOL I'm not super old (only in my early 20s) but I remember in the late 90's- early 2000s all the Yankees fans were Rangers and all of the Mets fans were Islanders fans in New York and Devils fans in Jersey. I guess its changed a lot since I've been in Florida the last 10 years.  Your not a Jets fan to are you?  PS I kind of like Mets, I would like them more but the 2000 World Series kind of killed that.
When it comes to studying and perfecting the "art of bank robbery" I got to know, how many times did you watch heat?  Also do you still feel guilty about it a few years later?
Oh wow! When my cousin was the Army he would watch Rangers games on his Laptop when he was stationed in Korea.
It was so weird voting for the All Star game and not seeing his name under Short Stop... I voted for Reyes but it just didn't feel right. I even almost voted for Bogaerts...
My Droid Bionic ran faster, had better graphics for games (not a big gamer either) was way more durable (I drop it a few times and the screen never cracked) and was way cheaper than an iPhone.   I guess I don't need an expensive flashy iPhone. I'm good with my cheap Droid that does everything an iPhone does for 1/3 of the cost.
Yeah I guess so. I'm not a big tech guy so I guess for me a simple Droid is fine. I don't need an expensive or flashy iPhone. It's weird though my Droid is fraction of the cost of an iPhone and does all of the same stuff. Plus I thought it had better games.
Your first paragraph I half agree with. That said, I know a couple of girls who model who are intelligent and could figure out this question. These girls most only care about fashion too, it's there life and hobby.  Your second paragraph, I agree 100%! Society in general is afraid of failure so they take the safe route and don't even try so their is no chance of getting shot down or failing.   I was kind of like that at 18-21. At 22 something hit me and I said I'd rather try to reach my dream and fail then that live a safe mediocre life. You are spot on to something my friend. I love the paper houses metaphor.
Yep MacDill AFB in Tampa, right by the water. Has KC-135s.
That must of been awesome meeting the two of them. My dad got to meet Wally Schirra years ago at a trade show which had a bunch of Aerospace companies. He got my an Autographed Copy of his Autobiography Schirra's space. My Dad said he was a very nice man, still liked to Joke around.
I'm a Chevy guy  also doesn't like Obama much either but seriously? Somebody slash this guys tires and force him to get a tow.
I said I'm a Chevy guy too. Its not the truck its the fact that he takes up 5 parking spaces is the reason I would slash his tires. I'm not a big Ford guy but wouldn't slash a Mustang or an F-150s tires just because they are Fords only if they are douches who take up more than one parking space just to be a douche. (For the record I'm never slashed anyone tires but people who double park and take up more than one space deserve it).
I went on the internet and I found this!
I'm in my 20s and I still like DBZ and Hot WHeels Cars (despite owning a classic Camaro). I'm a guy and I actually liked a couple of songs by the band Haim. (even the song Forever)... I also U2 (80's to 91 U2 not there later crap, except for Beautiful Day that's a good song). I also like some of Sammy Hager's songs.
Can confirm. I own a 1986 Camaro IROC Z28 with the Tuned Port Injection and she eats Mustangs all the time. Occasionally when she wants a quick snack a 90's Civic or a 90s BMW M3 will do.
Yes please do. I will need help with a few other things as well.  If tomorrow is better for you that will work too (as you may be Jet lagged after 5 hours of traveling).
I'm glad someone got the reference! LOL Hopefully I'll finish it by the end of this week. Though work and my summer college classes slow things down a bit.
I've always been the odd ball when it comes to Football and Hockey in my family. My dad and my late Grandfather only casually followed the Rangers and only ever played unorganized street hockey. They closely follow the Giants.   Myself I am the opposite I only casually follow the Giants but love Hockey. I was the first to play organized hockey in my family and when fall comes I am all about hockey.
I personally never could get into Basketball.
My mom and her side of the family are all huge Knicks and basketball fans. They tried getting me to play but I never enjoyed it.  I loved playing Baseball and played that a lot growing up.
Y2K bigger than 9/11? You must not be American.   u/avsauce36 I was only 9 when 9/11 and didn't really fully understand what was going on but I remember both paranoia and anger in the air.   I remember people saying things like how we need to nuke the entire middle east, how WWIII was about to begin, on the days after people were fearing more attacks and when the anthrax scare happened just a few months later people thought it was the second attacks. (It wasn't until 05 or so we found out the anthrax wasn't Al Qaeda).   The months after 9/11 were a very confusing time.
In the late 90s and early 2000s Ocean County and Monmouth County were all Rangers. Not sure if its changed. Atlantic county is where Flyers country began.
I honestly can't relate to the feeling for either ice or indoor roller.   However, for outdoor roller when I visit Tampa there is an outdoor rink that I swear I am the only one who ever uses it or knows about it.
I'm not sure how old this rink is but it has two permanent nets (one is still in great shape, the other not so much) and its the size of an ice rink with a neutral zone! It also has penalty boxes.  Its in a public park that's part of a apartment complex that for years was the Ghetto.   There is a friendly old black guy who lives in the apartments who said something along the lines that I am the only one he ever sees using it and that "there ain't no white boys around here" so he's not sure why they built a hockey rink years ago.
I still have a perfectly working 2002 PS2 with both games and DVD.
No problem man  http://www.yelp.com/biz/tom-oliver-memorial-hockey-rink-tampa  Looks like a group meets there every once in awhile for pick up hockey. I honestly don't know anyone from this group but here is there facebook page.  https://www.facebook.com/TomOliverMemorialHockeyRink  It looks like it hasn't been active since 2013 but the last time I was at the rink was May 2015.
Damn. I had some terrible teachers that I despised with a passion but never one that told me to fuck off and die.
As a Camaro owner I want to down vote this but she looks way too nice. The drag tires, the cowl induction hood and the black paint are all a great combo.  What motor and set up are you running? What ETs?
Pre-schools/Nursery Schools. Usually the worst of the worst teachers end up teaching there because they were incapable of teaching elementary school for some reason. That combined with sticking a bunch of women in one location you asking for nothing but cattiness, drama and gossip.   Source: My mom is a career nursery school teacher and has worked for both Private and Public schools in 2 states. She has seen it all.
What did you do?  MY JOB... (the way that kid says it is so evil).
Baseball and Hockey are my two favorite sports. The two I grew up playing and still play.   For Baseball it's 61*, 42, The Natural, Field of Dreams and Major League. (Bull Durham and For Love of the Game are close but not my top 5).   For Hockey it's Miracle, The Rocket, Goon, Slap Shot and Mystery, Alaska plus the Mighty Ducks.
I like the way you think! My mom's gonna love this. Her birthday is coming up so this is going to be a good surprise.
My dad was sort of one when Dan Marino played era, but I think he mostly just liked Marino. He's always been a Giants fan.
I remember those. I remember there was the one with the Marines too.
What backstory? The only thing we know about Birdwatcher is that he is a cripple, the Walker is watching him and he has a therapist. I know nothing about him. There is nothing remotely interesting about him. With Alex we knew right from the start that he was paranoid and someone or something was stalking him.   You're right. I can't dissociate CL44 from MH because MH is the only reason I'm watching Cl44. Also MH had excellent story telling and was by far the best fictional series on Youtube.   CL44 has had poor story telling thus far. Even Everymanhybrid, TribeTwelve and dare I say it... Lonelygirl15... had better story telling right from the start. (Well the last one might be debatable).  The only reason I am still watching CL44 is because I loved MH and I like THAC, so I am hoping it gets better. But so far I do not like CL44.
Maskey and Hoody came later after we already were introduced to Alex, Jay, Brian, Seth, Jessica, etc.   Besides they were fan names and we learned they were Tim and Brian.   We also already had great backstory on Alex and Jay. I cared a lot about both characters from the start. I wanted Jay to find Alex and I was worried about Alex (when we thought he was a good guy and the victim).   Honestly I don't care much about Birdwatcher. He's just there...
That's interesting. Honestly I am not very knowledgeable about HP Lovecraft other than Cthulhu (which I mostly know from South Park and the Metallica instrumental).
I was an Automotive Journalist.   If someone did claim to be one I would simply ask who they wrote for and Google their name plus the website or magazine they claim to write for.   Or I would ask them if they think it's a great idea to install a muffler bearing on a 1983 Corvette.
Sports card values crashed around 2000-2001. All of the so called "rare cards" weren't as rare as people thought. Everybody and their mother had them.  Even my 1958 Andy Bathgate isn't worth anything. Even my 1993 Derek Jeter rookie is only worth $10 or so.
&gt;  The problem is that he doesn't take his job seriously (because he's bored, which is why it's so sad that he's stuck there for all that time when he has so much more potential).  This right here is one of the reasons I kind of didn't like Jim and Pam as much as everyone else. Jim had charm and wit to do something else in life. Yet he stuck around only for Pam. I guess the cynic in me thought it was more pathetic then romantic. At least he got a Sports Agency at the end.
On my college campus it seems like all the kids with Honda S2000s, Subaru STis and Lancer Evos are the spoiled brats who's parents bought them those cars. Most of are the same as how you described they talk shit about anyone who doesn't drive the same style car they do or wear the same expensive clothes or shoes.   Me I'm the broke kid with an 86 Camaro IROC Z28that I payed for myself. All of there cars may be faster now but in the future my car will be a fast drag car.
I didn't find it cheesy, just really hard to follow for my taste.   There was another smaller slender series that I just couldn't into because the acting was too bad. It had a good concept of a cult in Jersey (I believe they partnered with Noah) but the acting wasn't believable.
Taylor Marie Hill.
Beagles are my favorite type of dog! They are smart, playful, fun and their stubborness makes for some frustratingly loveable moments. I have a Beagle mix and I enjoy taking her on walks and giving her plenty of sniffing time in different areas of grass so she can track and follow random scents.   Also their loud howl keeps any danger away. Aarroooooooo!
