Hotelier - Home, Like No Place There Is  Great album, I'm a cranky 33 year old man who really dislikes a lot of new music.  Loved this album though.
Our cat wasn't a fan of our dog at all.  We put up a baby gate that the cats can fit under but the dog can't, they then slowly started getting along more. Cats can often take a longgg time to adjust.
I just don't worry about the day, everything can wait till tomorrow, I just let everything go. If you're the worrying type, you're going to have issues sleeping, always.
I used to take my dog for several walks a day and he was still wild.  We started taking him to an active doggy daycare two days a week and that has completely changed his disposition and saved our sanity.  It costs us close to 50 dollars a week but the behaviour change has been priceless.
My girlfriend and I both work full time, 8-5pm every day.  Here is some of my advice  1. Find a breed that fits the energy level you can handle.  If you get a high energy dog, be prepared to take them to the dog park for a few hours everyday.  2. Consider crate training early on, just because you can't handle the idea of being boxed up in a crate all day, doesn't mean a dog feels the same way.  Its a fantastic way to potty train a dog and many dogs like their kennels as it provides them security and solitude.  3. Consider doggy daycare a few days a week.  We have our dog go to doggy daycare on Tuesdays and Thursdays and he comes home completely exhausted and happy.  This costs around 50 dollars a week, we alternate dropping him off and picking him up.    4. 30 minutes over lunch is fine, you're right, puppies can't hold their bladder.  You will need to go home to let him out.  5. It sounds like you have a yard, I'd invest in an invisible fence at least, its very very very very nice to just let the dog out when it needs to go out or to just hang out in the yard and let the dog play.  Good luck!  Edit: One more thing, start off more strict and get more lax as time goes on.  Sure, you might want a puppy in your bed but do you want a full grown dog sleeping with you every night?  I'm of the opinion that you start teaching behaviours that you want early, then start giving them more slack as they get older and you find what you want your dog to actually do.  For instance, our dog didn't go in our bed for the first 3 months, now that is he is fully crate trained, we let him sleep in with us every now and again on the weekend.  Its much harder to train behaviour down the road, just my two cents.
Hey,  34m here, got out of a 3 year relationship and hit the online dating sites fairly heavy for a time.  You did  nothing wrong, he was just never that into you; hard as that is to hear.  I'm not sure why he spoke to you in that way, especially if he wasn't just trying to get you to sleep with him.  Some people act really fucking crazy in rebound relationships.  They end up projecting their fears about their old relationship onto the new person or jump headlong into something hot and heavy as it feels so good to feel something other than misery.  Long story short, it isn't your fault and there was nothing you could have done.
I drink a fair amount, usually only on weekends though and rarely by myself.  Every now and again I'll drink while I game.  Drinking every night like that is not normal or healthy.  You will literally become addicted to alcohol at some point...not to mention you give your body zero breaks from alcohol.   I noticed I'm a bit more bored of games these days.  I only really play them when I am drinking as it makes them more fun.  Do you think you're maybe bored and need some new hobbies? Find different ways o embrace life?
Well, I hate to say it, but I just stopped gaming mostly.  For instance, I kinda wanted to drink and game the other night but I went for a walk around the lake with my dog instead...which I ended up enjoying a lot more, which kind of surprised me.  You're getting older, it's no surprise that games just don't do what they used to for you.  In reality, they're manly just a distraction from life (this is from someone who used to game a ton).   Just get outside more, read more, try to find things that give you natural joy.  Also, when start drinking less during the week you're going to feel much better in general, I promise.
Yeah, absolutely...I guess that is why I created this post.    I just figured that people use these type of machines to help 'spot' them.  They are failing, twist the bar and lock it into place.  I guess I just assumed it would be safe to lock it into place with no weight.    Just want to help other people not make the same mistake.  I'm certainly no genius, but people make mistakes/assumptions and it can bite you in the ass sometime.  Just hope people can understand that instead of tearing me to pieces.
Yeah, I actually had a bit of problem the opposite way.  I'm a 34 year old guy and did a fair amount of online dating.  I ended up with someone I really like but still liked several women as friends.  Then I realized it wasn't really fair to them because some of them still liked me and I could tell they did...and we just had to end up cutting the friendship.  Your 'friend' is being selfish as well.  She wants your friendship but doesn't want a relationship and doesn't seem concerned about how that affects these other guys mentally.  Online dating isn't a good mechanism to make friends.
I'm a 34 year old man  My brother died of Lymphoma 4 years ago  My sister is an alcoholic who was a rage monster as a teenager and is now blaming my parents for all her problems.  Do what I do, find a partner with a good family and leech on to them and never let go.
My girlfriend hit on me, I'm 34 and this is the first time I've been in love.  We've been dating for 7 months, keep up the good work.
I disagree, I consider myself very emotionally detached and therapy helped a great deal.  I don't think you two need couples therapy yet...but I would recommend that he talk to someone to wade through his childhood and let him know that it is ok to feel things and to express his emotions.  He's so used to dealing with everything himself, he doesn't know how to be empathetic or to rely on others when he is hurting.
I think it's really important for you to understand that your relationship with your therapist is unique.  Not every therapist is going to be right for you.  The first few I met with...I couldn't stand.  I didn't even understand what they could possibly do for me.  Then I met my current therapist.  We just clicked immediately and she really helped nail some things that I didn't even realize (mainly, I'm not as weird as I think I am as well as some childhood stuff).  Your happiness is probably the most important thing in your life.  It's worth meeting with some various therapists to help you achieve that.  Also, I'm 34, I didnt start therapy until 32.  You have plenty of time and are still a very young man.  Good luck.
My girlfriend wears fake lashes sometimes, it makes her feel good.  Know what I did for her once?  Stopped at Walgreens on the way to her house and got her more, as she was out and wanted to wear them on a night we went out together.  Because she likes them and I like her, that is my focus.  Anyway, I hate to say it, but this happens a lot when guys around 30 or so go for college aged girls.  They know that they are more trusting and don't have the relationship background to understand what is ok and what is not ok.  He knows he can pressure you and try to manipulate you to doing what he wants.  I'm glad you at least see there is something wrong here.  I don't think it's about hating the eyelashes as much as you doing what he wants.  He wants you to not wear the eyelashes...next, he wants you to get your haircut how he likes, next it will be you not working while he pays for everything so he can keep you reliant on him...then you wake up in 10 years wondering what the hell happened.
Hrmmm...yeah, that is a really tough one.  I'm in a situation where I'm dating someone who is a bit of a local fashion/arts celebrity.  She has guys hitting on her constantly and it took me a long time to get over that and fully trust her.    Then again, neither of us hang out with our exes or really engage with them in any way.  This is something a lot of people struggle with and there really isn't a good solution.  Time can help or just trying to be aware of your boyfriends feelings can help I guess.  Some of the hardest problems to solve are where both parties aren't wrong but still feel a certain way.  I'd still recommend trying to put some limitations on your friendships with these exes though.  Whether it be only hanging out with them in group settings or whatever, I think it would make your boyfriend feel better.  Maybe be a little more PDA with your boyfriend when around these exes?  Just to make sure he knows he is your priority?  Hrmm...
I'm 34 and make about 90k.  My girlfriend is kind, hosts and plans events to help people be kind to each other and makes more money than me.  Thank god there are people like her because a world run by guys like me (and you) would probably be shite. Regardless, there is more to appreciate about a partner other than the amount of money they make.
I'm 34 years old and just got over my own shit about 1 year ago, don't panic, good luck : )
Therapy pretty much exists because of how people were raised as children.  So many of our problems stem from childhood and our upbringing.  What I learned through therapy is that my parents weren't perfect and that I was holding a lot of resentment towards them.  In the end, I can't change them or change what happened.  The only thing I can change is myself and my ability to forgive them and decide what role they play in my life as it stands today.  You're obviously very young still and have a lot to think about.  Just try not to drown yourself in the blame game.
I've dated someone with a very close family.  This will be an issue going forward and your lack of presence will certainly be noticed.  Being close comes naturally to them...they'll most certainly take offense to you not being there and genuinely not understand why you aren't attending every time.  Then again, every situation is different.  I'd broach this subject early.  Biting the bullet now is just setting precedence for the future IMO.
That is a tough, delicate situation.  It sounds like your roommate is going to blow up on you if you bring this up (as you describe her).  I had a....somewhat similar issue with a roommate years back.  I ended up moving out.  Unfortunately, you might have to be ready for that as well.  Anyway, you have to talk to her, there really is no choice in the matter.  It sounds like confrontation is not your forte, but you really have no choice.  Wait until he is gone, maybe hang out with your roommate and wait until she seems in a 'good' mood and broach the subject.  Good luck...
Absolutely true...just trying to point it out (ex-MMORPG addict myself).
That's always possible.  I just looked at the information available and posed a theory.  If you look at my initial reply, I just told him to watch out for gaming addiction, not that he was an addict.  The remaining portions of the discussion simply talked about different media types, gaming addiction and how they varied from one another.  I just noticed someone involved in something addictive (gaming), compared that to my various addictions I've had it my own life and drew a potential conclusion. If you're offended by that, I'm sorry, just trying to have an open discussion.
Look at it another way...you did this yourself!  I can imagine there were times in school where you worked harder when you realized you paid for this yourself and should make the most out of it.  No one can ever take that satisfaction away from you.  You went to school, paid for it yourself and were out of debt by your mid 20s, that is a big accomplishment...your sister will never have that.  Prestigious degrees don't matter in the way they used to, except for certain fields.  I think you made the right choice going to a state school and should be proud of yourself.  Be happy you have a good family and keep that chin up, good luck!
Sounds like he is just one of those types that likes to find someone to blame.  You'll never find a way to make him actually happy with your actions.  That's not the point...you're not meant to make him happy, you're meant to be a punching bag.  The weight/fitness stuff is a bit strange as well. Seems like he is trying to mold you into something?  Seems like a very controlling relationship.  If it isn't that, maybe he just thought your creative endeavors would come to more fruition at this point.    Even if you quit, I'd work on making use of some of the connections you've gained over the years from event planning and marketing (or whatever it is you do exactly) and start to support yourself a bit better.  Never rely on someone like this to provide for you, especially begrudgingly.
I think there are a few issues here  1. Some people like the padding because the bar sits on their neck, it should sit on their shoulders.  2. Others, just have little muscle mass.  You have less shoulders for the bar to lay against and you simply can't help have the bar push against the back of your neck.  The only solution I found this is to switch to low-bar squat.  The other solution was...bigger shoulders, just took a lot longer to get those : D
I think there is a lot that goes into aging and lifting.  1. Did you take care of your body when you were younger?  Did you play high impact sports?  You're probably already living with nagging injuries.  2. What is your body type?  Do you have a very thin frame with thin wrists and ankles?  You might find that its a bit harder to put on the mass you want.  Lifting heavy/v. heavy is going to be a struggle with your tendons picking up the slack.  3. Warmups become more important than every, especially in the shoulder region.  I'm 35 years old and always warm up on the treadmill for 5-10 minutes and do some fairly intensive shoulder warm ups.  4. Never start heavy, always build up to heavy with warmup sets.  5. If you're trying a new workout or new routine, be careful and ease your way into it.  35-40 isn't old but you're definitely at a higher risk for injury.
You can try, but you can't live this life trying to be responsible for the happiness of others.  There is only so far you can take someone, unfortunately.    At 57, severely overweight, husband passed away and deep depression, your mom has an unbelievable uphill battle to face that is going to be a struggle even in the best of possible terms.  She needs to see someone but...as you say, I don't know how to make that happen or how to really make her care about anything, at this point.
I love this post!!!  I struggled with this for years my friend, years and years.  I always listened to people with perfect proportions try to tell me how to deadlift and always had lower back pain.  My current stance is a not quite a deadlift but not quite a sumo deadlift.  I'd say my legs are a bit wide but not super wide.  I do an mixed over/underhand grip and it's completely saved my back.  Feel free to PM me if you'd like a video or if you'd like to discuss at all.
Yeah, honestly, it's easier to be stressed than to work hard, as that is just another form of procrastination/laziness.  It's all about the world acting on you and not you acting on the world, I guess.  As someone who is kind of lazy at times, I see what you're saying.  For me, I guess I just flipped the switch one day.  I just decided I was going to work really hard and that is what I did and still do.  I get lazy sometimes but I just keep on working away.  It isn't so bad, once you get in the flow of something.    Obviously I still go back and forth as I'm working now and replying to your Reddit post.  This is just one of those things where practice and work are the only things that will change your behaviour.  Its annoying and it sucks, but once you tell yourself there is no other option it starts becoming less of a choice and more of a natural habit.
I've done Adderal a bit here and there, recreationally.  I can see how things could develop to this level as it really gives you a sense of focus and the ability to work on tasks without distraction.   Whether a good reason or not, you're obviously addicted at this point...maybe not physically, but definitely mentally.  You could potentially ask your doctor for some safer alternatives to the type of medication you're currently on and see if that makes a difference (something with a long history of showing safety with pregnancy).  Other than that...I just don't know what you can do.
I've actually had great luck with arm circles to warm up my shoulders.  It really made a big difference in mobility and injury, for me at least.  I do 30 seconds front, 30 seconds back of small arm circles  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exYkRLhxgsA  and then 30 seconds front and 30 seconds back of large arm circles  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKrDvv5npOQ  There are also a few really good exercises related to strengthening weak areas in your shoulders.  My favorite is probably high rep upward palm dumbells.  Using the method in the video as well as towards the front.  Really helped with shoulder stabilization (which should be a big focus for any lifter, especially as you get older).  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7weT51EF9M
Yeah, I've been working on some ideas for information regarding lifting at 30-35+.  All the information out there, other than an article here or there off of a major site, seems to relate to younger lifters.
For sure, I think I've always been mostly about aesthetics than anything, I definitely see your perspective.
Hah, for sure, well I think heavy lifting may still be for you then!  So much of what lifts you're good at has to do with your body composition.  It's really interesting to read about and it can tell you a lot about why you're good at certain lifts and not others.  It can also give you ideas on how to change some of that.  For reps...I stay in about the 8-12 range.  It can vary a bit as I really try to push myself as hard as I can on each rep.  I found that adding intensity and really going for every last rep has helped replace the gains I would get from lifting heavy.  I'd say...from 1RM?  about 40%'ish.
People get caretakers fatigue, it just happens.  If this has been going on for years with no signs of ending and often causes him to miss appointments or other things, his wife is bound to get frustrated.  As someone who suffered from panic attacks, I don't think it's fair to equate it to a stroke.  With a mix of therapy, medication and mental awareness, you have a good chance of getting to a liveable state.  If he is having a few panic attacks a year, that's one thing.  Having several a week is asking a lot of a partner to live with.  I don't think his wife is looking for him to apologize for the panic attacks.  I think she is just getting burned out and is having difficulty dealing with the random times they cause him to miss various events, appointments etc.
I think you're absolutely right.  Anxiety is a killer.  It starts with you getting attacks in social situations and then it slowly works its way until you don't even leave the house anymore.  This exact same thing happened to a friend of mine and his wife.  He coddled her anxiety and she went from living with him in the city to them moving to the same town as her parents to her not being able to leave the city at all to her quitting her job for one that is a mile away from her house to her not leaving the house anymore and he does everything for them (shopping etc).  It sounds like you're being as patient as you possibly can be.
My girlfriend is very magnetic, pretty, charming and works in marketing.  She has guys checking her out and asking her out fairly frequently.    Most of the time she doesn't tell me about it...because, honestly, I don't want to hear about it and I trust her.  I think your boyfriend is getting an ego boost from these situations and wants to maybe make you a little jealous.  I think you can honestly get over this with a quick conversation.  Just tell him about how often you get hit on, asked out etc but never say anything because you're with him and you don't want him to feel uncomfortable or feel like you get joy from these other people.  Tell him you'd like him to do the same...if that doesn't work, just start doing what he is doing.  He'll get annoyed by it and get the point soon enough.  Alternatively, he may just have a big ego and is full of himself, it's hard to say.  If he talks about himself a lot, looks down on others and works in a job that is very "Type A", he might just be someone who thinks he is better than everyone else...which won't change.
I think it will work...I kinda did the same thing to my girlfriend sometimes (especially since I was nerdy when I was younger and now I'm mid 30s, fairly attractive and in good shape)...so I was not used to getting compliments.  Once I realized it was annoying, I cut it out.  As to your last comment...hmmm, it's always hard to say.  I always feel like it's a good indicator of someone's character when you watch how they interact with others.  Often, even if someone is good to you now, they'll start treating you how they treat people in general, eventually.  Good luck!
My girlfriend is an "influencer" in fashion and interacts with models and various other attractive and interesting people all the time.  In the first year of our relationship, it was a bit hard not to get jealous or worry about...then she has just proven herself worthy of trust time and time again.  I hope you're in the same boat as I am.  If she has shown she is trustworthy, don't worry about stuff like this.
Hmmm, well, that all depends.  As you get older and partner with another human being for the rest of your life, you have to reevaluate a lot of things you do that might make the other person insecure or uncomfortable.   Depending on what those things are, you may have to adjust a bit or alter.    I'm 35 years old and have done quite a bit of dating.  Once I've had a physical relationship with someone, I really never stay good friends with them.  It just gets too messy when I'm dating someone and then the insecurities and jealousy comes around.    A general life rule is to just put yourself in the other person's shoes.  You meet your new boyfriend, he has a best friend that is female.  That's fine.  You guys go out to visit her, he mentions that she is actually an ex who has remained a friend.  How do you feel about this?  You get there and they talk about crazy college stories together, do you feel weird about this?  It's just a sticky situation, I guess.  To you, it's 100% platonic and you don't even think of anything other than that.  To your friend, you can never really be sure it's 100% platonic.  You can't be sure he doesn't fantasize about you or think about what you used to be at a certain time in your life.  I think this is a difficult situation with any friendship that involves the sex that you're attracted to (gay, striaght, whatever).  In the end, it just comes down to what you're both comfortable with.  Maybe your boyfriend won't care and he'll end up loving the guy.  Maybe it really isn't a big deal to him, we're all different with our own perspectives and associated baggage.  I will say that your friend being married does help a lot.  That would make me feel quite a bit of relief, if I was in your boyfriends shoes.  It might not be a big deal at all.  Sorry for the rambling response of non sequiturs.
If you're at the end of your rope, I'd recommend at least checking your testosterone levels and consider trt.  Mine was very low and I was chronically tired and depressed, trt made a big difference.
"Whisper Singing" lol, you poor bastard.  Can you work from home one day a week?  Get your own headphones?  Tell her that you prefer to answer questions via chat vs. talking in person?    The light at the end of the tunnel can make things worse or better, depending.  You know you get to leave the situation, that may make her more bearable as it has a definite endpoint.  It may also make it worse because you know you're getting out and all your pent up annoyance is bursting at the seams.
Wattt, I'm 35 and still go to weddings a fair amount...for people both older and younger than me.  Many people don't even get married until they're close to 30 or in their 30s these days.
EXACTLY!!!  That is exactly how I felt in New Orleans.  In Minnesota, during the summer it's about mid 80s.  I'm sweating but no one else is.  Once you go places that are actually really hot, you just see that people give in and embrace the heat.  Unbutton those top buttons, get some moisture wicking clothes and just go with it.
Sure, I worked for a small business for about 8 years or so.  I helped grow the place and really loved the owners.  We went from about 15 people to around 40-50 or so over those years.  The owner really provided a high level service and a great work environment.  The pay and benefits were so so but I loved working there.  After 8 years, they sold the company and I moved on after I realized how much I hated the new owners.  I make twice as much now, nearly.  Businesses are always concerned about employees stealing from them.  In my opinion, businesses take from employees constantly (time, extra effort, emotional investment) and provide none of those benefits back to the employees.    Everything in the for-profit sector is for-profit.  The company will do what it needs to do to make money and they'll almost always try to pay you as little as possible and keep as much for themselves.  It's just business.  We should all do the same for ourselves.    The only weird thing is how emotional some owners get over this....like you owe them loyalty because they gave you a job that someone will pay you a lot more to do elsewhere.  It's a weird world.
I'm dating a creative/artist who has a ton of artist friends.  We met online dating...I'm not well off or anything, but I do pretty well and try to keep in shape.  I guarantee some of her friends look at me like I'm a non-creative who came in and took a girl that one of them should be dating because they "understand" her and I'm just an outsider.  To me...I am creative, I have an artistic soul but I just choose to work and make money to help accentuate my life and my experiences.  Just because I don't spend all day being an artist doesn't mean I don't have creative pursuits or view the world in a different way.  One of my favorite things to talk about is space, physics and the nature of the universe.  Anyway, I think this guy is just kind of salty about it.  We can all get that way when a partner chooses someone else, regardless of reason.
It seems like your personality hasn't changed a lot from when you used to be overweight and bullied all the time.  I think your quiet nature is simply a biproduct of that.    One nice thing about this is that you're probably a lot kinder to people.  Men cling to you because you're forgiving, kind, nerdy and attractive, something you really don't find a lot.  The other side of that is that you're probably still quiet and introverted because you were taught to be that way.  You may even have some weird feelings about it all these years later that a therapist could help you break through and open up your shell a bit.  Good luck!
Haha, that is very true, you're right about that.  Personally, I keep in shape, use face moisturizers, sunscreen everyday and have decent style and hair and have a decent/good job (Sys Admin type).  If you don't care about appearance and are anti social, that won't bode well at any age.
I think if you're a certain body type, you can probably push heavy for a lot of your life.    For a lot of others though, it really does lead to injury or other potential downfalls.  I'm doing PPL as well at medium weight and high intensity, liking it a lot.  Glad its working for you!
