I once went to a reception which had nothing, but finger foods, along with a "slider bar" (mini burgers) and a mashed potato bar.  I know the last one sounds odd, but the delicious hot potatoes were served in martini glasses and could be topped with butter, grated cheddar cheese, sour cream, green onions, bacon, salsa, guacamole, and a few other things. It was ah-MAZING!
*She started sulking and said DH and I aren't making time for her.*  "How old are we, MIL? Being sulky over our family's schedule for the foreseeable future doesn't suit you. Buck up. Perhaps things will smooth out towards by the time the year's out."
So, I have to ask. Is your Gran slightly touched, or does she just have a sense of humor no one gets?  I sprayed coffee all over my laptop when I saw the wood.
Tastes are individual &amp; highly subjective. Mama Lupe's Tortillas are not widely available across the States, so that might have something to do with the low recommendations. I happened to stumble across them while surfing online low carb stores/support groups.   I prefer them to the gummier/fluffy/bread-like tortillas as I think they hold up better to wetter ingredients, but not everyone likes a firmer tortilla. Preferences.
&gt; "I'm calling you OldName."  "...and I won't answer to it any more, so if you want to waste your breath saying that name into the void, knock yourself out. You've been informed of MY preference for MY name. Discussion is now officially closed."
Question time! I realize you cannot give medical advice. What I'm asking is what is the proper terminology to use when asked if I have any allergies. A PT gets documented urticaria from head to toe with the use of certain antibiotics. No breathing difficulties, but oy, the itching &amp; welts!  Is this a sensitivity or do you call it an allergy?  I want to help the medical staff help keep me as safe as possible by giving them correct information (They do usually red band me for the meds &amp; a latex sensitivity for caution's sake).   I also have sensitivities that popped up during scratch testing I had done because I had noticed some funky reactions when I ate certain foods. On the 0 to 11 scale, they run from 4's to 10's.  Should these be mentioned as purely sensitivities if reported at all?    In my case, the worst reactions to most of these are my sinuses clogging up or a few skin itchy "splotches". So far there has never been a reaction any where even remotely close to being seen in the ED.  I hate feeling like a special snowflake by mentioning crap, but damn, I don't want to be that dope that failed to give people in charge of keeping me well proper information!    It makes me wonder--"hey, idiot, you do have a sensitivity to certain seafood. Ya think that might've had anything to do with that weird thing that went on with your eyes about an hour after you had that contrast dye? And you know your dad has a sensitivity to the dye...hmmm. Do I mention this or was it a normal side effect that they failed to tell me about?"      What to say, when to say? I want to do the smart thing.
o.O   Hell's bells! Living is dangerous!  Eeesh. No problems with kiwi fruit, avocados, bananas, etc., but I try to avoid blowing up balloons, mainly because they taste horrible. ;) Learned years &amp; years ago a latex Foley was not my friend, and later latex condoms, ribbed or otherwise, were not for my pleasure.  So far the only problems I have with latex have been with mucous membranes or the odd medical tape used for more than a day.  Fingers crossed it stays that way.  Knew an RN who started out the same way. Unfortunately for her, it cascaded into having to cut everything and anything that contained latex out of her life, and lordy, is that stuff every where.  Her rants about finding latex-free undies and bras were sad, but hysterically funny.  It broke her heart to give up nursing. She was one of the nurses who had the gift of making a person feel better just by being her.  Thank you for sharing your knowledge.
Corner piece with all the frosting &amp; flowers! (I may have been that fat kid who loved cake a bit too much.)
My local grocery store does a whipped buttercream frosting which is light, fluffy and not overly sweet. A tad more substance to it than whipped cream, but not cloyingly sweet.  I've never found another local bakery that duplicates it. Probably full of all kinds of chemicals, but it's sooo good on their Genoise cakes.
I've mailed a cupcake in a small canning jar. It worked out fairly well!
There is that possibility that MiL was just being about as dumb as a doorknob and did not honestly believe OP when she said her little one goes off the rails without enough proper sleep. Goodness knows, I turn into a proper grumpasaurus without sleep.    Fingers crossed, with a really good, up close and personal chat from BOTH parents about how ALL the rules WILL be followed or access to Best Big Brother AND his new sibling will be extremely limited for ages might rattle her enough to be a proper Drill Instructor when it comes to Lights Out.  Can't believe a grandparent could overlook the prime opportunity of bath time (perfect time for new pj's!) and those golden moments of reading a bedtime story or two while he's tucked safely into bed.  What a waste of building a wonderful memory or two for them both.
My Dad always has been really good about being a grandfather, although it helps that our ideas of parenting have been similar.  He did indulge my kids with ice cream or cookies, but his rule was the kids had to have finished a respectable portion of their meal AND whatever the amount of ice cream or cookies they took for themselves, they had to finish. If they did not finish, then no treats the next time they were offered.  In a weird way, he helped them quickly learn self-police their own portions.  He is a believer in birthday cake &amp; leftover pizza for breakfast.  ;)  "It's just food. Does it really matter when it's eaten as long as it's burned off while having a good time?"
Hell, I get exhausted &amp; cranky visiting DC on my own WITHOUT kids.  Too much heat, too many stinky people (bathe, people, with SOAP, and use some deodorant for goodness sake!) and too much day leads to a very snappish Viking person who wishes the DC Metro cops wouldn't get so fussy about people brandishing a sword at the sidewalk hogs. I'm just trying to move things along.
Yep, mine local one is about a year old, but mine is dark &amp; dingy inside with extremely small with hard to negotiate aisles, Walmart quality produce, a tiny selection of meats &amp; cheese, full of fussy toddlers and very slow moving senior citizens. The snack/chip/candy/cookie aisle is pretty great--all the stuff I don't need/shouldn't eat. Prices are good, but it's depressing &amp; frustrating to shop there.
The thing is, it's a brand new building. Because the windows are up high and are tiny, the dim interior lighting &amp; bland wall paint, as well as the floor layout, are flat out awful.    I grew up shopping at military commissaries (and still do when I have to do a super large shopping trip). Sparse, low cost doesn't have to mean ugly.    Add all this, plus iffy price points/quality will rarely get me to drive past my local Publix. Plus, it doesn't help that the my Aldi store employs cashiers who come across as being trapped into soul-sucking lives. Atmosphere counts for a lot especially when I already hate shopping.
My kids like to do their junk food shopping at Dollar Tree. A buck for a Red Baron Pizza, or a big bag of Bugles, or Cheese Doodlez makes their day.  I've picked up from Mango slices for smoothies and was honestly surprised at the quality. My opinion of Aldi would improve if it didn't seem so damned depressing inside. If Dollar Tree can seem bright and cheerful with all its low quality crap, then so can Aldi.
My FiL recently passed away while my husband &amp; our younger two were visiting him. Needing to get the word out without being stuck on the phone all day, I wrote a small public tribute to let friends &amp; extended family know of his passing. My FiL, while a sweetheart of a guy, was a browbeaten man who surrendered any control of his life to my MiL and narc/personality disordered SiL.  He was the classic enabler.    I made mention that after several upheavals in his life (fleeing a dictatorship, career changes, etc.) he had given over the reins of his family to his wife &amp; daughter, ("perhaps not the best choice, and certainly not the typical way of a Latin family, but he chose to be like calm waters, taking the path of least resistance..."). My eldest PMs me with "Mom, that was a lovely tribute, but DAMN, that shade you threw!"   Shit will definitely fly when SiL's blocked ass ever reads what I've written, but honestly, as far as she is concerned I wouldn't piss on her if she was on fire.  My husband hasn't seen it either since he doesn't do social media with his phone, so there might be a touch of fallout to dodge there, but those two women ran roughshod over that gentle man and it aggrieves me deeply we were powerless to stop it because of distance. What's even worse is the funeral is going to be a circus and the perfect stage for the ensuing grief play.
"*The family*, Tonya? To which family would you be referring? My family of origin or DH's? DH &amp; I are a new branch and of course this means we naturally make up a new family. It's how it works. But don't worry. You'll always be considered a part of our *extended family.* We'd only chop off the old branches if they became bothersome &amp; interfering with our new growth."  :::winkwink:::
&gt; Men in Kilts have interesting effects on Scottish women  Hell, they have an interesting effect on more than Scottish women! During the early 70's, my proper &amp; very attractive thirty-something American mother once "followed the ship" as the carrier my father was attached to went from port to port during a 6 month deployment.  Mom ended up at a pub in Edinburgh with a group of other Navy wives waiting for their husbands to disembark the boat for a few days liberty. The husbands were late, the wives were thirsty &amp; feeling frisky because good times were about to be had, so things got interesting when in walked a man in a kilt.  Mom &amp; the stranger struck up a conversation while standing at the bar &amp; in the course of things the conversation came around to kilts and The Rumor.  My mom boldly asked, and the man replied, "I'll show you what's under mine if you show me what's under an American woman's skirt."  The deal was struck and on the count of three, they lifted their respective skirts.  While my mom would never provide details, she did say they both were well rewarded.
I've done the "mouth says one thing while brain is thinking the I've said something different."  Usually happens when I'm super tired or under a load of stress in my life.   As for a sign of "mindgrains" as my kids used to call them, all I know is it happens with a friend of mine, usually as a migraine is ramping up for him.  I get ocular migraines. No real pain, but more of a sense of a whopping load of pressure building inside my head along with zigzagging lights at the edge of my field of vision. After a few minutes of that, my center field of vision sort "disappears."  If you've ever seen an episode of the original Star Trek movies where they're tele-transporting(?) people and their bodies get all sparkly gold looking before they appear/disappear, THAT is what I see. If I was staring straight at you, you'd be just about gone.  It's bizarre!
I swear I used to think I'd poop myself inside out. I guess once those hormones commence with evac ops, the rest of the gang inside panics and tries to jump ship. "Hey! Wait for US!!!!"
"Aww, thanks for the offer to help. You're so thoughtful, but completely unnecessary! We've got it under control as long as we stick to our planned schedule and keep distractions to a minimum. No worries. We'll get together soon!"  You could also throw in a comment about how *envious* (not jealous) the rest of your family has been since the in-laws have been seeing the baby so often.  "They want to know when is it going to be their turn! :::sigh::: We're just hoping we get OUR own quiet time with the baby because it seems like we're being besieged left and right with visitors. Honestly, we'd just love to be able to enjoy some quiet time just the three of us. No one seems to understand this."
I like to use a firm grip while casting off the offending hand while adding an even firmer "NO. Do NOT touch my belly again unless you have my express permission. Are we clear? Yes, I think we are."
Kick her. HARD.  "Sorry. It's just a reflex I have to being touched inappropriately, so it's best you keep your hands to yourself unless invited to do otherwise."
Had friends who married on the last day of the year and I'm pretty darn sure they qualified as being married for that entire tax year.
When FFiL gets pissy, you call him yourself to say "Aw, FMil has gotten her wires crossed AGAIN, and we need your help. We know she's excited about all the changes coming, etc., and I know she feels the need to help, bless her dear heart, but unfortunately, in her excitement to help she is stepping on toes and trying to make decisions which aren't hers to make, God love her.  She's had her own wedding to plan when she was a young bride-to-be, &amp; I'm sure it was wonderful. I'd like to have that experience, too. I'm sure you understand this is a once in a lifetime thing for a young couple. We want to make our wedding meaningful &amp; memorable to US. How do we convey to her that while we appreciate her thoughtfulness, it's unreasonable for her to take offense when we choose to plan our wedding our way?  If things continue the way they have been, FH &amp; I very well might just have to say 'to hell with this' and elope just to put an end to it all.  The stress she is putting on us is overwhelming. Can you help us make understand she needs to take more of a spectator approach to our wedding planning and let *us* pick &amp; choose what is best &amp; affordable for us? "
Especially if you're blessed with height.  Got out of a few fights while in high school (we PCSd to an area known for unfortunate race relations in their southern school system--a real wake up call for a kid who had been taught to treat everyone the same).  The best was having some sassy pants roll up to me while I was sitting in the cafeteria eating lunch &amp; telling me I needed to move my white honky ass outta her seat or she was gonna beat my tail.   "Nope. I don't think so. I'll move when I'm done."  "Oh, no. We gonna do this now!"  So I stood up, all 6+ feet of me because I was in heels, took a step toward her short little self and wearing my bitch face, looked down at her &amp; said, "Somehow, I don't think so, but if you're sure about this..."  I got the "talk to the hand" gesture, a toss of her head, and off she walked.  My heart pounded in my chest for the rest of the day.
I did not know this about 211 !!!  My FiL recently died, so husband &amp; I have been wondering what his mom will do with herself now that she no longer has a center focus in her life.  She's really slowed down and we've convinced her she has no business driving at 92 with her bum knee and coke bottle glasses.
How is her weight?  If she's a pudge, you could point out losing the excess weight will take the stress off the knee joint.  EVERY time she brings up her knee pain, you ask how her weight loss plan is working. Be that annoying little gnat. Do it every time. Perhaps it will shut her up.  As one with the ol' osteo in the knees, I know that even an extra 10 pounds added to my tall frame makes a difference in the levels of pain I can experience.
One of the benefits of being married to someone who flies is you can use subtle versions of flight deck hand signals across a crowded room. Husband &amp; I use it to our advantage by using the "start engines" to signal it's time to start wrapping up &amp; head out. "Pull chocks" means it's definitely time to go.
We're out now, as are most of our friends, but when we're all out together in a group it's cool that our husbands know they can communicate with any of the wives to get the "round 'em up, head 'em out" word passed back &amp; forth with something as subtle as a finger twirl.
I'm guilty of doing that around the house, mainly because I have a love/hate relationship with the dishwasher. I'm thankful I have it, but I hate loading and unloading the danged thing. Weird, I know.
LOL! I've realized this is like knowing the Club Secret Handshake.    Watching a Flightline or Flightdeck in operation is like watching a dangerous ballet.    I can always tell from across a crowded room when my husband is telling sea stories because his hands are in the air and he's "pointing to his watch" with his other four fingers (some of you will know exactly what I mean). I swear there are times I can still smell "airplane" in his closet.  What an adventure that period of our lives was.
You should gift her with a DNA analysis kit just so she can see how much of a special snowflake (with emphasis on FLAKE) she really is.  Congratulations on your little girl. All of my little ones were born with that dark shark eye. Every one of them ended up with a variation of brown. That darned DNA of my husband's lines overwhelmed the massive amount of blues of mine.
"Aw, Alex, it's so sweet that you wanted to share your wants and your expectations about the birth of my baby.  Now it's MY turn to share with you EXACTLY what is going to occur in relation to my labor, delivery, and recovery with MY baby.  None of these things will ever be open for discussion so save your fussing. *I* am the one delivering this baby, so what *I* say goes. I'd hate to have to share with friends and family that you have become one of those pushy, whiny, it's-all-about-meeee stereotypical mother-in-laws trying to force what SHE wants instead of allowing us to enjoy this miracle as WE desire &amp; have planned with our birthing staff (This is kinda throwing the gauntlet at her feet)."    And then detail your plans.    There WILL be push back, but stick to your guns and if she DOES get nasty about your plans, then take the fight to social media and expose her for the tyrant she is.  Do not let your husband decide his MOTHER'S piss ant selfish feelings are more important than his wife's--the mother of the child and the one who is going to be undergoing the physical endurance test of her lifetime!
Try to remember when he is lashing out at you, that you are his safe space, his safety net. In the back of his mind he knows he can blow a gasket at you because you understand, love, and accept him.    While he's not doing it to be a dick, it can become a bad habit if not kept in check.  Keep guiding him towards understanding he is doing what he needs to do to get his arms around this mess of a relationship he has with BOTH parents.  Help him realize it is going to get very rough for awhile before he sees any improvement and that it might take some time--after all, his parents have been allowed to behave like this ALL his life.
How awful to go through so many losses.  Has your sister been put on Metformin? I've heard some people with PCOS having successful pregnancies after taking it--of course, trying to get the proper dosage worked out can be a nightmare. Evidently, gut issues can be a side effect.
Silly question, but how would anyone know whether one was watching television or not?  I'm assuming television channels are not freely broadcast and are scrambled, thus requiring some sort of box to unscramble.  Am American, where free TV is a thing--it's just not always the best TV there is to view.
"I don't care *what* arrangements you've made. Let me make this perfectly clear to you. This is NOT your baby. You will NOT be a third parent. You will NOT be included in any decision-making as it applies to this baby. You will abide by the parenting rules DH &amp; I put in place.  There will be no deviations, no changing of horses mid-stream, nothing. You WILL abide by our decisions, and the very first decision we have made is ABSOLUTELY NO VISITORS UNTIL WE DECIDE WE ARE READY TO INVITE THEM.  This applies to everyone, including you. Do not force the issue. If you attempt to circumvent this, you will find it will be a very long time before you WILL see the baby.  Do NOT try to steamroll over us on this.  You will awaken a sleeping giant of a mama bear and you won't like the consequences."
I blame it on the more modern usage of "we're pregnant!"   Naw, hon.  *I'm* pregnant. You're just coming along for the ride.  It's kinda like going to watch your favorite pitcher beat the Mets.  *You're* not pitching, HE is. You're just cheering and suggesting coaching options from the sidelines.  Either way, please tell me she wasn't thinking of using that turkey baster on herself!
Her texts read like she doesn't understand the concept of coherent thought, nor punctuation. My head hurt while trying to read through that mess. Yes, I'm being that ass, but honestly, she comes across as a less than intelligent person, and certainly not one I'd care to have around my children.    If my teen-aged child was a major contributing factor in me not seeing my grandchildren, rest assured I'd have no problem pulling young missy up short &amp; laying down the law.  Obviously, your MiL can't wrap her head around the fact that precious Junior Miss has an attitude problem that is doing ol' Mom no favors, and will not serve the brat well as she grows up.
"You're right. It's OUR house, however, she is YOUR mother. Often in the past, she has been demanding and unpleasant. I expect any guest in OUR home, at the VERY LEAST,  to be pleasant as well as polite with no nasty comments or criticisms of the host or hostess.  Unfortunately, past experiences with your mother have shown that she can be less than polite, and at times flat out rude, especially towards me.  I am sure you will agree with me that behavior like that to anyone would be unacceptable, and I'm pretty sure if one of your friends was behaving rudely, you'd put an immediate stop to the behavior.  This is all I am asking from you. When you witness nastiness, or I TELL YOU about any rude behavior, you help put an immediate stop to it.   She may be your mother, but I am your wife. I am the mother of our child and this is our home. I should not, &amp; will not, tolerate being treated like a lesser human by anyone in my own home, nor will I allow YOU to be treated like that."   I'd be tempted to record her rudeness and post that crap to social media. Shame her until she gets it.
In a good old fashioned notecard: "Good to hear from you. Hope you are doing well. It's always good to know one is being missed, isn't it?! Busy as bees here, but all is well. Thanks for letting us know how you are. Will talk soon. Take care. All my best, shessolucky"  Aren't you just the sweetest girl to drop her a quick note and everything when you're so busy. Who could begrudge that token of care &amp; affection?  ;)
Tracking on a calendar might help you figure out a general pattern as well as paying close attention to the changes in the viscosity/appearance of your vaginal discharge throughout the month.    I suggested this because the daughter of a woman I worked with had a daughter who would lose several days a month due to horrible cramping, nausea, and "period poops."  Her GYN suggested this strategy and it helped tremendously.  On those rare occasions she forgot the preemptive strike, she was miserable.
Perhaps she needs the diversion of your birthday to take her mind off the pain of watching her husband die? Makes sense in a weird way.  My mom died three days prior to a milestone birthday for me. Even though I had a contentious relationship with my mom, last thing I wanted to do was celebrate, but I let my kids plan a tiny home celebration when I returned because it helped them take their minds off of losing their grandmother.  Hang in there.
LOL! There's real, and then there's *real.*    When my kids were in the single digits, they referred to headaches as "headeggs." If it hurt to swallow, they suffered from "sore goats." That extra fold of baby fat at their arm pit was called "woobie pudge."  We had a "dijigal clock" in the kitchen where they ate "brekfixt" each morning.  We have quite a few other words which have managed to stick around and are still used by us.  I catch myself saying "brekfixt" more often than not!
I've also heard it referred to as a "moo point."  Shot a martini out of my nose when I heard it. I might not be the most ladylike person at times.
"Scarfing" was Valley-speak when I was young.
Very possibly. Husband is of Cuban descent.
Well, THAT explains why I'm now needing "readers" to thread a needle!  I wonderful if she thinks a woman can become pregnant by swallowing a "load?"  Damned near blinded my own family by dumping a spoonful of hot pepper flakes into some heated garlic oil. Was making a spicy beef &amp; broccoli stir fry and wasn't paying attention to order of ingredients.  Resulted in streaming eyes, snotty noses, coughing, a lot of "Are you trying to kill us, Mom??"s, and an explanation from husband on pepper gas.   (Did you know that getting pepper spray in your eyes can temporarily change the color of your irises? Husband had to undergo pepper gas training as one of the qualifications for his job. Came home with his brown eyes looking more blue than my blue-grey ones. Freaky!)  u/Malakoji Love that Lewis Black quote. Looks like I'm going to have to break down and find his stand up videos--I'm ashamed to admit I've never watched any of them other than in little snippets.  u/subspicious, "cuntagious" has now been officially added to my list of wonderful words! Thank you! I learn so many wonderful things from this sub.
