Read it with my wife, and while it was helpful it's certainly no magic fix for relationship problems.  I didn't care for the religious overtones, and the book simplified that people only speak one love language when in fact they can speak of all them depending on the situation.
Good to know at least my shoes and my belt will always get checked.  The only thing that comforts my disdain for TSA is knowing that they're getting constantly radiated by the x-ray machines.
I do this all the time with my LBS and they're cool with it.  I support them by bringing my bike in for service and pay them accordingly.
I rode Samson yesterday and it's in decent shape, just needs some trimming and there are two minor wet spots but most of the park is in rideable shape.
I went two weekends ago pretty much just for the Simpsons area. $95 plus parking is expensive as hell, but I was in LA for work and wasn't about to fly back in the future just to go to Universal.    I did really think they were going to have Bort licence plates but they didn't, although I did enjoy the Duff Brewery section. My favorite part was that they play classic clips from the show in all the waiting areas.
That was a great article.  I went to see the USWNT almost ten years ago now in the FC Dallas stadium and I was shocked to witness how quiet it was despite it being packed.  While it was cool to actually hear the players yell to each other, I couldn't help to think how awesome it would be if they had the 'real' soccer atmosphere.    IMO it was a truly stupid decision to not have a WMLS, specially after '99.
I'm in Fort Worth so yeah if you don't mind passing me the info of the roofing company I'd appreciate it.
Dad, why did you bring me to a gay steel mill?
In my experience this isn't really accurate because she wouldn't have even been invited in the first place to an event where it's mostly couples/married people.
What a piece of crap car.  Not because it's got that paint job or because it's lowered, but because it's just plain terrible car.  Never have I felt like I was driving a pure appliance like I did when I got stuck with a Prius for two weeks on a work trip.
The brakes are indeed good, but that's the only positive thing I've got to say.  When these cars came out, I definitely understand why you'd get one but now that other brands have caught up I honestly don't see why you'd buy one.  I've driven a hybrid Hyundai before and that car was great--it felt like a normal car and it was optioned and styled inside and out like a normal car.    Part of my intense dislike for the Prius is my contempt for Toyota.  They give you the bare bones and expect you to pay a premium based on the reputation of cars they made 20+ years ago.
All parts of this story sound incredibly messed up.  I sincerely hope this guy, his ex-wife, and their kids get some good therapy since I'm sure none is this has had any kind of good effect on any of them--whether direct or indirect.
I've got a '12 SB-66 that I picked up used last year. I've ridden it hard and no issues. It's a tank but it has the geometry that all the new bikes are still trying to catch up with. Some wide rims and high volume tires and it will almost feel like a 27.5.  Put some decent suspension on it and it will shred with the best of them.
I built mine from the frame up.  It's got a Pike and RS Debonair with 2x10 Sram x9 drivetrain and a Reverb dropper.  The wheels are WTB i23 with Trail Kings.  I haven't weighed it but I'd say around mid 30lbs.  i'm not a weight weenie so it doesn't affect me, but just the frame itself weights around 17lbs if remember correctly.
Welcome to the dark side of apartment living, where the leasing agent will tell you everything to get you to sign the lease but will seldom stand by any of it followed up by random surprises thrown in.  Move out to a "better" complex (they're all not good in different ways) or rent/buy a house.
Yes I did.
This.  There is a lot of crap that passes as Salsa these days.  I wasn't in love with salsa when I started dancing but the more I explored into the music itself the more I wanted to dance and the more I wanted to explore the music, etc.    Ultimately, it's ok if salsa music isn't your thing but do some exploring in the genre before you write it off--you might be surprised.
I put one on earlier last month (Wolftooth) when I switched to 1x11 and no dropped chains so far.  I've been riding for about 3 years now, and maybe i'm still not experienced enough to tell a difference between a regular chainring and the oval.  I knew I needed a 30T for climbing but picked a 32T oval.  So far I've been able to climb like I used to with my 2x10 setup.  I'd say go for it, it definitely can't hurt.
I ordered an adjustable riser block along with a mat at the same time I ordered the trainer, so hopefully I'll be good to go.  I've been thinking of getting a computer, but seems like none do rpm without a powermeter or using a 'smart' trainer.
I was about to post essentially the same thing.  I have family and friends in Austin and I hope FW doesn't become like present-day Austin.  More than 5 years ago I'd love to live in Austin but not anymore.  Traffic, stupid rent/property prices, way too many people, traffic.
One year of living under people who stomped around at all hours of the night cured me of living in multi-level apartment complexes.  I lived in townhome-style apartments from that point on and thankfully I own a home now.  The relief of knowing that no one will ever live above me again is priceless.
We used Bridge Residential to rent from and they were good although their maintenance person was a pain to deal with.
I got a ticket in that section a while ago. My fault ultimately but it's totally BS that it goes from 75 to 50 for no damn reason other than to give tickets.
Fiveten Freerider Elements.  They're made to be mostly waterproof.  If you don't care that much about the stiffness of the sole or pedaling dynamics, then any of the hiking shoes you listed will be fine.  I used trail hiking shoes when I started and they did the job, but I got a pair of 5.10s on sale and they were more than a step above what I was using.
Heard this on NPR yesterday, and was cracking up listening to the first  two songs.  I've been getting into jazz over the past couple of months and find this hilarious considering all the phases jazz has gone through and all the different jazz genres that came about.
and I barely went to 1x11 last month!    50T sounds nuts.  I'm fat and out of shape and even I don't think I need that much range unless i want to put like a 38T on the front.  I'm happy as it is with the Shimano GX set-up.  No special hub driver and it works well.  Now if they could only find a solution to dropping down the chain down the cassette when backpedaling in the 42T.....
I have similar in-laws.  They claim to be always in "I have to save money" mode but the wife got a new laptop for Christmas and the husband is sporting the latest cell phone. Not to mention their upcoming vacation only for the two of them without the kids.  Meanwhile the kids learn that they come last in this family, and that if they want anything they have to get it themselves or from other family members.
I thought this was going to be all about him ironing the bill of his hat to get it as flat as possible LOL  But in all seriousness, looks like a lot of freaking hard work.  The motocross part looks fun but having to work out religiously as well as watching your weight doesn't sound fun at all.
I hope so, otherwise she comes off too desperate to be in a relationship. This is her first year of grad school and a new baby, let her focus on getting her life stable and let the character to grow to figure out what she wants. Jane is in her what early to mid 20s, so there is still a lot to learn about life.
Great bike, wish i could afford one.  The lefty other than being weird, looks just pimpin' on a road bike.
You probably know a lot more about that from experience than me.
I had really bruised ribs from a fall earlier this year and it freaking hurt!  Stay strong, and take it easy so it that you can heal quicker and better.  Work on the project bike or now is the time to rebuild your suspension or upgrade some parts :-)
I didn't know her and Matt Lauer were having a kid
I've been there, trying to find geometry numbers in my case.
We got some at JC Penney and a big one from Pottery Barn.  We have a lot of windows that face directly west, and in those summer days when the sun is brutal they do make quite a bit of difference.
Well, at least it wasn't 0-7 LOL  I only started watching midway through the second half when it was 0-3, so the game was practically over at that point.  I think overall what should have happened, happened.  I'm kind of glad the US got a dose of reality, and I hope they take this as a lesson learned in what needs to happen to take US Soccer to the next level instead of point fingers amongst themselves.  On the other hand, they can all say they played against Messi at his prime and they can all learn from this--you only get better by competing against people better than you.  The reality is that the US's lack of talent and underdeveloped youth system can only take you so far, and we just saw how far we still have to go.
I only know of the one by the movie tavern and you have to get parking validated in weekend nights. Street parking is a joke on weekends.  I go to Colonel's often and it's a hassle finding parking whenever I have to pick up my bike on weekday afternoons.
Your instructor wasn't very good.  I'm not rhythm-gifted at all so I had to learn counts and have some understanding of how the music is put together before I could "feel the music".  What helped me was listening to salsa--a lot of salsa--and looking to find the beat in each song.  Some songs are a lot better than others.  Another thing that helped was to learn to dance other rhythms (like Bachata and cha-cha-cha) and finding the beat in that music.  Once you learn to find the beat, you can dance to pretty much anything.
It's all about the fit.  I tried a Super 2R and it fit like a spaghetti strainer on my head, while in other people it fits perfectly.  I haven't tried a Met; I really wish these were more available in the US.
That's scary as hell.  I used to live in Lancaster and wild fires are no joke.
1x11 after having 3x9 and 2x10.  3x was just too redundant, never used the biggest ring.  2x was pretty good but still annoyed with front derailleur.  I demoed some bikes with 1x and realized I could have almost the same range of gears plus the simplicity of only having one derailleur and shifter, haven't regretted going 1x at all.
Worst was a family of elephants living above me in a crappy apartment I rented for a year.  I don't know if they were actual elephants, but they sure sounded like it.  Worst part is that they never seemed to sleep and sometimes I could hear the bed squeak in the middle of the night.  These weren't remote good looking people, so the thought of what they were doing was nightmare fuel.
Electrolyte tablets in the water and energy gels. Try to ride in a trail that has some shade, or take frequent breaks in the shade.  Ride in the early evening or early morning.  I live in Texas and I used to take just ice water and that's not enough when it's so freaking hot.  Cold water with electrolytes really helps as well as an energy gel/food every hour I'm riding.  I also wear lighter pads and clothing in the summer.
I'm 5'10" and the L Hightower felt right at a demo, just like my v1 large Bronson feels right on.  Go for the XL unless you like a short bike but the bike comes set up well with a short stem and wide bars, so going to the other way might make it not feel as great.
At least they finally took down those rusty light poles in the parking lot.  I pass by there often on my way to Sansom Park, and earlier this year one of those light poles broke at the base and crashed onto the parking lot during a storm.  I've lived in FW since '03 and never saw that place open for business; it's about time they did something with it.
As a former moto rider, this is damn terrifying.  At least he was wearing a helmet, jacket, and hopefully gloves but i'm sure his knees are shredded.  This is why I always wore all my gear while riding, even if it was hot as hell.
Openly talking about the 'drama' they had with their ex(s) and admitting to facebook stalking them afterwards to figure out what went wrong.
I assume that luxury vinyl = laminate flooring?  They make commercial grade laminate now that can look very nice and upscale and won't scratch.  The wood looking tile can look very nice too but I'd be worried about breaking a tile, having to clean all that grouting, and the eventual shift of the tiles.   The thing about laminate is that the cheap stuff can look extremely cheap and crappy if not done right.  The wood tiles in general look nicer but when I was looking at houses to buy I'd prefer to have the real thing or at least engineered over wood looking tile.  It looks nice for a bathroom or kitchen but not the living space IMO.
I think the "good" laminate is mostly composite, so not really plywood and hence it can be essentially waterproof and scratch-resistant.  I had to google LVT and looks to be a modern version of linoleum flooring from the old days.
The CTD 32 forks had god awful damping--I had one.  Mine was the Factory version with kashima coating and it still sucked.  Dove like crazy in braking, blew through travel, and overall was just harsh. It's not a coincidence Fox redid their dampers and got rid of CTD.
