As someone from NE this doesn't surprise me at all.   What's strange is when I'm traveling and people ask "Nebraska, isn't it cold there?" I'm like yes, it's cold there, in the winter. And it's hot in the summer. We call these "seasons".
I'll take 125 in Afghanistan over 90 in Nebraska any day. The humidity kills.
You wanna know what our trick was? Our doctor made us do this. Give the kid a bottle, and then just lay him in the crib and walk away. We used to rock him to bed and we were idiots because we conditioned him to need to be rocked. After we started just laying him to bed immediately after the bottle, no rocking, he would cry for 5 minutes then give up and go to bed.  He's over a year old now and he's been sleeping great ever since.
Can confirm from Nebraska. Once you get into a town smaller than 50k people there's only going to be one or two places to work out. Any smaller than 10k or so, the only gym in town is at the school.
&gt;it is an approach that produces a health care system now ranking 37th in the world, below many third world nations  But by what metrics? Because as far as I can tell, if I want the newest, latest, best treatment for my rare disease, I want to be going to an American hospital. As an example, just recently with the ebola outbreaks those people are being sent to my hometown of Omaha for treatment.
I remember growing up and my parents would always blindside me when we needed to leave or it was time for bed and I hated it. However I distinctly remember when I was being a brat my dad would always ask "Do you want a spankin now or later?" I would always say "later...." and then I'd start acting better and "later" rarely came.  I have a toddler now and I plan on doing the same. It works!
I guess my friends and are I that grew up playing football are just anomalies. I don't think the numbers you cite are rare for football players (non-linemen), especially at the college and pro levels.
Yeah, I've only ever worked in one of those categories you listed so I don't know any different.  We've got lots of countermeasures in place to stop your attack there at various points but I'm sure in 95%+ networks your methods would be successful.  I'm not sure what you're getting at concerning the DNS queries though.
My biggest problem is the search function only provides links to conversations that happened *in the past*. Many times the OP is in search of current answers.
My mom always said "I'm your mom, not your friend".
I'll have to look into how to do that. I've been working on doing more repairs as time goes on. I was thinking about junking it soon but I guess if it's something easy like that then I'll hang on to it.
Depends where you live of course. When I was out east, Kroger and Safeway and Giant were expensive.  Here in Omaha we have Baker's (Kroger) which is expensive here too. But we have a place called Hy-Vee which is based out of Iowa, and it's super affordable and yet has all the benefits of the other more expensive places. Hy-Vee seriously kicks the shit out of any other place I've been to.  We also have Super Wal-Marts and Targets with groceries that are competitive too. The Wal-Marts here are nice, clean, and well-kept. I had always wondered why they had a bad reputation, but after traveling to some other parts of the country I understand.
Thanks. I found an eric the car guy video for it, I'll start there. Someone else suggested a thermostat, I should check that too.
&gt;Direct injection is great for fuel economy but terrible for carbon buildup.  Right. I'm looking at getting a 2016 tacoma and I was surprised when they announced that the engine would have both port and direct injection. I thought surely they must know what they're doing...and this is why. Direct injection for when it's needed but port injection too deal with the carbon buildup. I will never buy anything other than a Toyota or Honda from now on.
You could have just as easily moved to Omaha or Des Moines or some other locale with greater potential elsewhere along the way as you did to Detroit, unless you're staying with friends and family or some other circumstances.  Good luck on your bootcamp. I just question the logic.
I'm totally cool with my tax dollars going to birth control as well. But not planned parenthood.
So if I make a million and spend $450k a year on housing what assistance do I qualify for?
Not bad at all, very similar situation here. Real estate is probably cheaper in Detroit than Omaha, but Omaha is by no means bad at all. If you ever want a change you should consider us here a little further south.
Here on reddit, whenever I hear "women's health" or "women's rights" or "accessible birth control" I just assume the other person is talking specifically about federal funding of planned parenthood. In turn, the other person always assumes that since I'm against specifically the federal tax dollar funding of a non-government organization named planned parenthood, that I also hate women and I'm a religious fundamentalist that is against birth control.
I live in an urban area. There are murders or at least gunfire on a daily basis in one part of my city. Can't say the same, not even close, for the small towns out west.
I remember seeing the commercials for that and wanting it so bad.
The law says you can't sell to a known felon or someone whom you know or suspect otherwise may not be permitted to purchase a gun. The only way to know for sure is to do the sale through an FFL. It's too bad the feds won't let us access NICS for private gun sales.  Every private sale I've done has required the county handgun purchase permit or state CCW permit, both of which prove the person passed a background check.
We acknowledge that it's a problem. But background checks on *legal gun owners* isn't the solution. The people killing each other don't buy guns legally. Crazy, I know.   You know what's already illegal, and is a good gun safety law? Straw purchasing is illegal. They should throw the book at people who straw purchase guns. But no, they don't. Here in Omaha a cop was killed last year and the straw purchaser was given a year of PROBATION. That's part of the fucking problem right there. This is why gun advocates say we need to enforce the laws we already have on the books. So don't sit here and act like we "need to do something" as if we aren't doing anything already. We just need to do what we're already doing...but actually fucking do it.
This is identical to, at least where I live, you can go to the county and get a background check and a gun purchase permit. Then you just show the permit whenever you want to buy a gun to avoid running another background check. The same goes for showing a concealed carry permit.   But now the government knows I own or am at least seeking to own a gun. A lot of people are not ok with this.
WHAT THE FUCK. Seriously. As a gun owner and CCW holder, WHAT THE FUCK.  This is my fuckin nightmare.
My comment was made with the knowledge that most redditors are young and single.   You're correct otherwise, but moving really isn't that expensive it just takes planning and budgeting. Selling a house and buying another certainly takes patience and maybe some unplanned expenses.
I have a family and I'm a homeowner. I'm not sure what point you think you're making.
Believe it or not, there was a time when I wasn't married and wasn't a homeowner.
You chose to live there.
I hear you brother.
I don't know what people are always referring to. I can still change the oil, do the brakes, transmission fluid swap, spark plugs, air filters, all of that myself without ever dealing with a computer other than to reset the oil mileage timer.
I made that much working part time in high school over 10 years ago. I mean honestly, you can do better. I know you're tired of hearing it but seriously.
You can look up the salary tables for wherever you are. I live in a low population midwest state and most of them are making 40-60k no problem.
No, I'm just an educated person who knows how to read and write English.  Yes, my plan does have risk. I never claimed otherwise. You have yet to explain why any financially educated individual would needlessly borrow and leverage in such a situation.
I understood you and I'm telling you that nearly every business in the world which makes physical products has to do a cost/benefit vs risk analysis. At some point you have to draw a line at where consumers will no longer buy a product no matter how much safer you can make it.  For example, I was looking at the new subaru's. It cost an extra $4500 on top of an already $30k or so vehicle to add the eyesight technology that has two cameras and automatic braking if you're going to run into something. I'm not going to buy a vehicle yet, but if I were, I would NOT spend the extra $4500 for the feature at this point. That's over 10% of the entire vehicle cost to add that little bit of extra safety. I can't justify that cost, even for my own life and family.   This isn't evil, it just is. It's something we all consider. If you've ever ridden a bike without a helmet on you've done the same math in your head whether you realize it or not. You accepted the additional risk of riding without a helmet, even though helmets are cheap.
Was there a police chase before the incident? I was under the impression that the cop showed up on the scene after the wreck. The cop didn't know alcohol was involved and had no reason to believe there would be an attempt to evade arrest.  If there were a chase then I could understand having the weapon unholstered, but not aimed just because the guy is trying to get out of the vehicle before it starts on fire or something.  I have weapons training an a CCW permit. I know the difference between a CO and an LEO. I'm just trying to get some perspective here from cops who are usually apologetic to other cops.
&gt;You're just a cheap asshole who has never worked customer service, aren't you?  Nope, I worked in a customer facing position for about 8 years through high school and college. It sucks, I know it does. I didn't work in tipped positions and I'm one of those people who doesn't believe in tipping you just for doing your job. I tip because I'm expected to, not because I believe in it. Tipping is supposed to be meant for going above and beyond. I wasn't raised to be an entitled prick and expect a handout just for showing up. And no, I'm not an old grumpy man. But I am a crazy evil right winger that believes in hard work.  &gt;Well thank god not everyone is you because then you wouldn't have anybody delivering.  If there's a market for it, somebody will provide it if it's profitable. If you personally quit your job, or your company decides not to deliver, there will be another company and driver there to serve me. For the record I live just a few blocks from a pizza joint so I rarely get delivery. When I do, I don't give them a $20 tip just for showing up though.  You have a lot of learning left to do. Sorry to break it to you but you're *just* a pizza delivery driver. If you expect to be treated any differently than that, I suggest acquiring the education and/or skills to graduate to a better job. Crazy suggestion, I know.
I get what you're saying, I've gotten you all along.   I should clarify that I would form an LLC and drop my funds in VTSAX through the LLC as you suggest. However, I simply wouldn't leverage it. There's no need to take on the additional risk.  It's odd that you would criticize the investment risk I'm taking by going with all equities, but then you propose leverage as a better course of action. Come on now.  Dropping the money into "a vanguard fund" isn't foolish. VTSAX is a full stock market index fund with an extremely low expense ratio. The only way I'm going to lose money long term in that fund is if the entire US economy just goes to shit. If that happens, we're all screwed anyways.   &gt;Buying physical businesses and real estate is a much better way to get a much higher return.  That's quite a broad statement. I'm still buying an interest businesses and real estate with VTSAX, am I not? The return of buying real estate on my own will only be higher if I choose go the leverage route as you suggest. But then we're back to the problem of a very focused investment vs a very diversified investment, and the second issue of you for some reason claiming that leverage is safe while broad market equities held over the long term are not.  I'm well aware of bad debt and good debt and LLC's, thanks. There's no need to leverage when I've already got more than I can use anyways. Not to mention the additional overhead of dicking around with all the paperwork and thought that goes into directly managing real estate or business investments or the cost of paying someone else to do it for me. Again, you're ignoring the low cost of an index fund versus the high costs and focused risk of individual businesses and properties. I don't plan on getting another degree any time soon, FYI.
There's a quote that goes something like tell me I hear, show me I see, teach me I understand. Something like that.   But yeah. I had a few teachers that would have us develop our own teaching tools as an assignment. The logic was you don't truly understand something until you're able to teach someone else about it. This is something I've always kept in my mind.
But then I have to go outside and be exposed to all that stuff anyways. I see no need to worry.   You also ignore the fact that the better filters put more strain on the furnace which reduces it's longevity.
I miss cicis
I know. This is why I hate reddit.
I've used husky liners and weather tech. I like husky liners better. Check em out.
I have two credit cards that give me my actual score whenever I want online.
&gt;I was just pointing out it would not have stopped her attack.  You can't know this. We didn't see what happened before the video, but I imagine if she shot the first couple of mother fuckers that touched her, the rest would have reconsidered their actions. The gun can still serve a deterrent purpose without firing a bullet. If I were in position I'd much rather be armed than not. At least I can take out a few of the fuckers even if I cannot take out all of them. If they know there's a risk related to their actions, they may change their ways. Of course, this is me being idealistic. They believe that dying for their religion is a good thing; something to be strived for. Sending them to the land of 72 virgins is not a punishment in their minds.
I don't watch the prime videos and I don't game. I only use prime for 2 day shipping. I wish there was a prime basic for just fast shipping instead of paying more over time for things like this that I don't want.
It still never hurts to check with them. CarMax offered me $2k above blue book and above what I expected to get on my g35 a few years ago. I sold it to them ASAP and GTFO in case it was a mistake.
First of all, you're assuming that I'm the other guy. I'm a new responder.   Secondly, again, this is reddit. We have to make assumptions.   &gt;Also, unsolicited advice is usually unwelcome.  Are you new here? (I see that you're not. My assumption was that you were though based on your thinking.) This is reddit, m8. That's what we do here.
I posted something about the events to my facebook last week. I had one of my most extremely left friends make a comment to me basically about how I was xenophobic or racist or islamaphobic for even mentioning it. She's been to Germany and said she would feel safe there. I told her that she seems to be ignoring the thoughts and feelings of all of the actual female victims. That made her rethink her stance, just for a second.
Yeah, they expanded from a gravel road to a 2 lane highway then to a 4 lane expressway. Next thing you know you have to take an exit 3 miles away just to get onto the sideroad for your house.
