Anytime!   Gnome does a good job breaking the build down and going over why this and that is taken. Gear and such is all pretty much straight forward.   My IGN is Vikstyn if you ever need anything.
I feel so stupid for wondering what Marvelous! was.
Fruit lawyer here. It all depends on if the swallows grasp it by the husk or if it's tied to said bird.
THANK YOU!! At work til 5 and was wondering costs.
I've always got a box at 175. The last 8 boxes were fantastic, nova, storm, and deadpool. In that order. I don't even wanna random box anymore..
I just did this for Gambit. It took maybe an hour. AND I was able to kill Bullseye for the MK1 card.
I was running RIF/SIF boosts all morning farming terms, I did 8 axis one shots, and CICP and got NOTHING to drop except a cosmic Skull medallion upgrade. 2+ hours of 200% for nothing.
Interested in the SG. IGN - Vikstyn
Moon Knight. Knowing I can get stomped and killed by a boss with his play style keeps me focused.   I just leveled Gambit so I'm pumped to see how he does with a hybrid build.
I went more hybrid. Street Sweeper, 52UP, Royal Flush, and Bo Vault with 60/40 physical/energy stats. Debating replacing BV with something else but I don't wanna turn into a range character. I like the midrange melee.
I got a low rolled hod if you're into a 1:1
Haha that's super late for me. Just add me and when you see me in game send me a tell.   Vikstyn
Awesome. I'm in the U.S.  But I'm about to leave for work in 15. I'll be on tonight sometime.
I just green prestiged. With a personal xp buff of 50% and server side, not really rushing mind you, just over 5 hours.   Like I said if I put some rush into it I could have done it around 4.
I added you btw. I should be back on super early my time. Around 5am or so.
I ran several with my SG this morning and found well over 100+ in 8 runs.
I finished up the 365 about an hour ago too. I farmed for Treasure Rooms I didn't have and killed mobs while looking. IMO it was way better doing it that way. Regular MIdtown was pretty good too with damn near instant respawn mobs.
Does marvel unlimited have all these available? Im willing to drop $10 to read all those like right now.   Edit: too many words.
It's quite possibly my favorite one. I remember watching it when it came out as a teenager and saying 'holy shit, this movie is dark'. The atmosphere was bleak, and you had that sense of no hope up to the end.
Vikstyn IGN add me.
For you guys that play her how is she? I leveled her to 10 but I don't have her unlocked yet.
Add me in game Vikstyn. I'll help ya out
I'm so jealous that I can't do anything that awesome.
I downloaded the app to check it out. As long as I don't have the smart box on it works fine. I'll have to pinch zoom things, but that's not a big deal.
Add me. Vikstyn. I'll be on most of the day tomorrow. I main a decently geared Moon Knight. What are you interested in doing?
Congrats! I'm on the lookout for the yellow suit version myself.
I mean Fred Savages room was the size of my living room growing up so I assumed they were well off.   Maybe his dad was corporate America in the mid80s and was working in Chicago. Maybe he got held up by a parade downtown that day by some kid singing Twist and Shout.
I watched it as a kid. I loved it although I don't recall much of it. Once I saw he was Henry Allen, I knew the new Flash was gonna be a great show.
I went hybrid on Gambit. He's a bit tougher to do stuff on than my MK even with the same upgrades on gear.
I was hoping the art gallery Vanessa worked at in Daredevil was a hint at Marc Spector being introduced.
This is what I do every Monday. I pick a new hero I haven't played or worked on in a while and I push them to at least 50. Keeps the game interesting and it helps me find a hero I might like.
Did you read the book? It explains it. I was a bit skeptical too until I read the series. And it was damn good.
Since I main Moon Knight I save Cestus and Spiked Gauntlet since they are my main 2 attacks. I also save my signatures cubes as well.     Honestly I think it just depends on your spec.
You gave me a heart attack at work before I saw your edit. I was gonna be a mad sonofabitch if I lost my whole purple prestige and all my comms from this morning.
I got her xforce costume from my bogo box.
I still have red and orange to go through so I don't think I'll have time to cosmic
I can't wait for that costume. I honestly check the store everyday hoping they stealth added it.
I prestiged MK orange and red between last night (logged off at orange 50 to watch Seinfeld with the wife) and finished red up around 8am. Debating the cosmic grind now.
I got one. Vikstyn IGN
I opened all mine. Kravens Vest, Batrocs Boots, Lat Cloak, both ManApe uniques and Shocker Gauntlets are what I've got. I say go for it. Open em all.
Moon Knight from Blue to Red prestige (orange and red in one day)  Ms Marvel to 60  Hawkguy to 60  Finished capping heroes from 30 to 50 (Wolverine, Thor, Storm)  And grinded out about 509+ omegas with no boosts
Haha thanks BBV. I'm sure my wife is THRILLED with my current state of heroes.
I'm sure my red named Moon Knight impresses her.
That I don't know. Haven't done one on him and I usually raid on MK
I know we don't ever get along but I back this 100%.
What he said.   Also I was awaiting your comment here.
I remember it being awesome and a highlight of the prequels. So I watched it on YouTube a couple weeks ago. It's pretty awkward and not as great as I remembered.
If you and your lady friend are interested, my SG is teaching Axis to the inexperienced players we have. Send me a PM and we can chat if ya like.
That's not what I asked. He's been in some good stuff and I even like Wild Wild West and I'm looking forward to him being Deadshot in Suicide Squad.
Reggie is my most hated player and favorite player. Dude could shoot the lights out.
