Switching from Windows to Linux did wonders for me. More productivity and the command line integration is much better (remember having to add the environment path variables?)
I don't follow at all the match threads because not all creators take them seriously but I can't deny the banter that goes in those where OP brings the best of his dank memes repertoire alongside world class MSPaint skills.
And I am here still waiting on the past VIPs tho...
I bet this one got a 0% probability, Louis said this is his last job - even his wife is mad at him for supposedly extending his stay here assuming he does well, 2016-17 is his last season coaching.
I don't really understand all this hatred... i'm I supposed to know from heart every single city that exists in this bloody country? Just because the city is named Bath I was trying to have a bit of fun, this place is really sour sometimes...
I would like to know about every city in this country but unfortunately I can't, I'm sorry for that. Haven't heard of Bath and there is probably much more cities unknown for me, being sincere right now.
Just by reading and imaging a testicular torsion my nuts cringed badly.
Yup, it's a RIP. Credit to the guy at /r/flume, /u/whertsernert. I was surprised to not see it posted here quickly so just stepped up.
Love u fam
He is born in Belgium.
Always felt uneasy with this girl, very Tori Black lookalike...
[tennyson](https://soundcloud.com/tennysonmusic) just discovered them via that Skrillex track (Stranger)
just calmly placing my sister in the negotiation table
I'm fine with that m8
In Washington.
not available for me
I'm sorry for living in Europe...
lmao and Click Clack right below...  *i NEED it*
Same, was about to post a comment to argue with someone who said he hit his prime before leaving Atletico and came back out of it.
he was already know by the trap fam, ye harlem shake gave him much more exposure but he is really a talented producer  some of his sounds are really weird but production is always on point
[me rn](http://i.imgur.com/lhjhbB9.gif)
even his babies are with me
Yeah, I don't see myself buying Tidal when I already have apple music subscription just because of the exclusives.
I FEEL LIKE FALLING
I fucked up the title, my B - is all good.
stay strong bro
the nights I spent waiting for this song and took so many L's...
I stayed watching a stupid Desiigner periscope, then I check KTT for a hot minute before going to bed and page index just advanced 30 pages like wtf this gon be good, and it was there my soundcloud notification 🔥
man you're not alone
All I want is to stream it damn, Apple Music exclusives and not available in my country. Like, first reason why I subscribed and yet it shows no signs of appearing.
I think he meant that the toilet water level is too high. Where I live there's no chance the spider would be able to climb back because the water level above the entrance you can see in toilets is almost non-existent the moments after you flush.
just enjoy the fucking music, man this is what I live by.  Wish right now Meek Mill and other artists did a remix on Drug Dealers Anonymous beat, shit goes hard.  I don't understand the fucking hate, people re-use and modify beats all the time, like, since ever - samples and shit, this is no news to anyone just enjoy the music.
yeah I saw it, damn he went hard
haha I had the same feeling in the beginning but it grow on me. It's really melodic, it was a day I was really high and say fuck it I will listen to this guy music. Never had listened to him and that melodic part with the autotune had me feeling in heaven.
damn that's fucked up, I feel for Makonnen
man this album has amazing production, no filler, good bars except for Ye all features are killer. How can one hate this.  M'$, Excuse Me, LPFJ2, Electric Body and L$D have always been on my rotation since this dropped.
1 billion dollar of Euros is just too much money. I would retire from work for the rest of my life if I was him lol  1 billion = 1000 million euros, I would be so happy 😀
give me the money lol, you say that like 3k quid is easy to earn... there are other priorities in one's life
are you in Australia?
my only problem is with how he handled that "you my new bae" part.
whenever someone says me Young Thug tracks sound all the same I show them this.  He bodied the hook on this, incredible how this track is so underrated
For real man, I saw this infographic on a thread on /r/hiphopheads about Vince Staples (Hip-Hop/Rap artist) brother who died from xanax and kinda felt it would suit in this sub. Every gesture matters, even if this infographic didn't reach a lot of people consuming drugs but it sure could save some lives.
same, the music stops playing very often.  radio streaming plays ~2-3 minutes and stops - needs app restart to work agin.  if you pause music and put it on the background and come back again a few minutes after to play it, it starts playing from 0:00.
well it's just since that time that I've seen more people always talking about that.
yeah I still remember these days, he was actually decent - maybe a Falcao like injury, who knows? He suffered a ACL in 2013 iirc
haha Kaytranada's Lite Spots is playing right now :D
yup, writing code on any portable device other than a laptop is dumb  edit: well it's like coding with legos no need to write and a coding keyboard - not so bad tho
We'll probably be one of the top 5 highest earners in the club at the moment.  Good choice if he really likes playing there, in 4 years he'll be 25/26 and still about to enter his peak. Still a starter in the club and gets ton of experience, good choice.
64gb tho... what kind of files are you storing in your phone haha?  I still remember a year or two ago that 8gb internal was enough for me and I'm a power user.
I thought this sub had more users from the US, anyway - I've suggested this a couple of times before and got burried in downvotes.  [yep, according to this](http://imgur.com/a/iZZA3) 29% were born in the US and 33% reside there
