Accountant here:  The next decade for me would be ten years of highly profitable consulting work on rebuilding credit ledgers from old printouts, backups and mail archives.  Most of the companies I am familiar with would survive this event untarnished after some work
Yes. I've always run family cars, since I was 18, for exactly this reason.  One of the cheapest cars for a 17 year old to insure is a Volvo 940 2.3 litre turbo. Which is a truly great comfortable fast car with an 'image' that makes insurance salespersons sleep well at night.
It would be very hard to quantify - because even a percentage isnt easy to compare (a minimum wage worker would notice 10% going to charity more than an investment banker would)  I try to do it based on a low level of charity direct debits and a periodic cash-in-my-hand basis - every couple of weeks if I see a charity collector I like, I give them the entire cash contents of my wallet, the logic being its not enough to break my cashflow but it is enough that I notice the lack of it.    If possible, try to remember the charities you really like in your Last Will &amp; Testament. That way you can correct any self-perceived shortfall in your contribution to the betterment of the world
It's happened to me twice now.  Neither posts were anywhere close to what I thought were my best contributions (most of which rarely even get a point)  1) Explained the tax effects of use of an ISA for savings &amp; investments under UK law  2) Made a pun about Michelin Stars in reply to someone who suggested eating a car tyre (tire)
if they could state that debt as a proportion of GDP had fallen (arguably a more relevant statistic - think of it as credit card balance versus paycheck size) I might overlook the absolute terms growth  Sadly, it hasn't. The graph I found had estimates for 2012 to present and on the basis of that questionable information it appears that the rate of debt growth as % of GDP has reduced.   I can't argue with the logic of only spending what you can afford - its what I try to do.
We took big pre orders for a device that might be called a gamebox or an xstation or something. The makers - sonysoft or microny - then said we had to get all our pre orders to buy games as well as the console.. Or they wouldn't fulfill our order  When we told them, half of them demanded we refund their deposits.  That Cashflow hit killed us stone dead. It was an outright breach of contract but we didn't have enough cash left to sue them
But you should see him paint  (Three rooms, two coats, in one night!)
In seriousness, I understand the target market is young black men and, apparently, me (late-30s English accountant)
I've lived in shared homes for 9 years now. I'd say - talk to the people you would be living with. This is a commitment similar in scope to a job interview so be careful  If you dont feel you can trust them, it isnt going to work. If you do - then someone opens an extra account, collects payments in there, has bills paid from there, presents accounts to the others periodically
My 70s Triumph singlespeed (convreted - was a 3-speed) cruiser is difficult to ride no-hands. Something about the tyre profile makes it twitchy. Tremendously controllable once I got the knack but took over a year of regular riding it before I was confident to take both hands off.    And that at a time I could go for miles on an MTB without touching the handles....
Get sharp tools, cut into small pieces, trickle it out via the normal refuse collection.  A friend of mine had a disused mobile home (big caravan style, not a motorhome) taken away by the council bin-men over the space of 3 months by cutting it into strips with an angle grinder and a power saw and inserting into his usual rubbish.
On my vintage bicycle with slim tyres, it is a godsend. Has got me home so many times when otherwise I'd have gone flat miles from home.  Wouldnt put it in a car though for fear of unbalancing the wheel
Ex auditor here. My old profession is a joke.
I do it with a spreadsheet - well actually its one tab of a spreadsheet that tracks all my balances, but it saved the trouble of finding an account that did it for me.  For the record, my splits were : Car tax, Car Ins, New Car, House Deposit, Emergency Fund
Meesa do verbal equivalent of putting on blackface, Massa Jedi...
I tend to trust the person who told me this, but not to the extent I'd call a Swiss citizen a liar over it !  I'm wondering if it was some sort of local byelaw or even a residents association rule in an apartment block. I dont know any of the details, its just an anecdote that seemed believable but surprising enough to share.
Based in Zurich?
I'm guessing at that sort of CCA it's either a V8 or a big diesel? Mine's a 4-cyl Saab (2.0 litres displacement)
Can confirm, the syringe isnt anywhere near as bad as toothache....
Keeping loans going is bad finance habit. Take it from someone who took out a 3 year bank loan to buy a car that had 2 years of life left.  No good outcome comes of this.  You have effective equity of about £1500. Actualise it. Then start again. It strikes me that you can't really afford new cars if you think  in these terms  At the risk of repeating a UKPF trope - have you considered a £5K or £3K car?
Kinda looks like we're temporarily f*cked now doesnt it?  I'm going to keep buying LLOY but after todays news I'm going to restrict my buying program and put more cash into P2P investments instead until I see some signs of a turnaround
I havent travelled enough to have a view on this but one place keeps being mentioned by people I consider to be widely travelled: Pakistan - apparently it just feels unsafe, ramshackle, shoddy and uncultured, most especially to female travellers.
I was unaware of the withdrawal of Crown preference - thanks for that
My computer often contained highly confidential transfer pricing data  People broke into my office and stole it 3 times in 5 years. Consumer goods importing firm in the EU
Eating a macaroon. Seems its to be death by coconut for me.  Uh-oh
I have slightly over £6K in FC* - all in A+, A and B -rated loans. Been investing in there to some degree for 18 months.    No defaults so far. Placing more than a few hundred pounds by autobid can take a while but its much quicker to leave autobid enabled but also scour the 'loan parts' secondary market for loan parts matching your requirements. advisable not to lend too much per loan to get better diversification.  In advanced settings in the secondary market you can set restrictions on the markup you are willing to pay (I never pay markups - I buy loan parts at par or not at all) and whether you want to see loan parts from businesses you already loaned to.  Fairly impressed. Looking forward to the ISA  (*£2K of my own money, £4K borrowed on a 32-month cash transfer credit card - the difference between the total cost of the loan and the total return achievable through FC made it worthwhile)
If I ever have a house on top of a big hill I am going to always have a bike with no brakes insecurely stored nearby. It'll be my contribution to crimefighting
Thanks for that. I did look into SIPPs at the same time as I first set up a S&amp;S ISA and at that time the fee structures looked pretty unfavourable compared to ISAs. I'll look again as it could be things have moved on....
OK, if i'd known about Bestinvest I'd have been ahead of the game for longer  0.3% charge on the first quarter million GBP, 0.2% on the next 3/4mil, no charges beyond that except a £210 exit fee (£175+vat) and £7.50 charges for buy/sell operations?  I wish I could get an S&amp;S ISA that good  It looks like if I moved my Scottish Widows stakeholder pension into there and put some Vanguard or similar low-fee funds in, I could save a few hundred quid a year in fees....  The only thing that concerns me is all the drawdown fees, etc. And thats mainly because I dont know how to compare them to the other funds I already have. I guess overall its probably still less fees in total and it is better to pay the fees at the end of the pension saving than at the beginning, for compound interest reasons?
I don't have as much savings as you do, and Virgin Money gave me a 32-mo cash transfer card with an £11K limit recently - and only 1.69% one off fee for transferring cash  I used it to invest in Fundingcircle (likely return 6 to 7%) but could as easily have used it for a car. they didnt ask what it was for.
Something tells me you know nothing about accountancy!  As someone who does, let me tell you that 90-95% of all accounting practices are used by all accountants anywhere on earth. I work with several accountants from places that might be called third world. All are capable of anything an EU-national accountant is, once the communication difficulties are got past.  Payroll compliance, tax regimes and reporting regulations are the only significant areas of divergence.  Architecture is principally concerned with implementing the laws of physics and surprisingly, this also means its done exactly the same everywhere. Pretty sure the winner of last year's RIBA annual award was middle-eastern in fact.
According to other posts you have made....  you are old enough to remember the JFK Assassination, your father is Catalan from the Basque country in Spain, and you are still dating hot guys...  If you want to live a lie, at least be consistent
I bought another £100 of LLOY today. Finally got my average cost per share down below £0.80 (psychologically it feels good if avg cost is falling as I am still confident of this stock recovering to 90p+  Osborne announced to all those of us who had signed up for the government share issue in Lloyds that it wont happen yet - why would I care? I got a lower cost per share on the open market today than he intends to offer even with the discount.
&gt;he admitted that trying to catch a 250-pound animal using a towel might not have been the best idea.  From the article. As a Brit I love irony, always jarring to see it in the American media
don't need to diet. Source: am 30's guy, can confirm.
I just switched my main ISA from Virgin money tracking the FTSE250 to Hargreaves Lansdown, with most of the funds going on Vanguard Lifestrategy 80 - the reason being that it diversifies me beyond just UK businesses
Male user here.   Did you think that posting here required comments?  Its interesting, I didn't...    I've posted on here twice, the first time I got told I was fat by some guy, then defended by another, the second posting got no replies but one private message. My objective in posting both times was to add to the 'normal people with unspectacular bodies can go naked too' ethos of this sub.  But then I'm not in the USA so if I was using these forums to cruise for encounters I'd have a pretty unsuccessful time of it!!  I'm probably relatively unusual in that I used my main reddit identity to post here too, so you neednt assume I'm a representative sample  I do agree with the OP that there's a small risk of this subreddit becoming /gonewild for those who don't quite like the competition on the real /gonewild, I think the larger risk to this subreddit's reputation is the private messages a lot of female posters report receiving - but with a semi-open system like reddit thats hard to work around
In the last few months - since Mighty Car Mods bought a Saab as a project car - I'm suddenly being waved at by people in JDM performance cars  Which is unexpected.
Watford to Aberdeen on a friday afternoon is one I used to do regularly, would usually take between 11 and 13 hours. I wouldnt willingly drive further without a break for the night.
eBay. Vintage pine is underappreciated by the secondhand market, all the furniture I own is now in matching materials and style through just 3 months careful watching and bidding. It has wildly varying age - I am pretty sure my chest of drawers is at least 200 years older than my desk (handmade screws, and the drawers are all individually sized)- but all matches perfectly.  I didnt spend more than £70 on any individual item
I would say, think of the timings of costs.  I used to be bad with money and my solution was to open a 2nd bank account.   If car tax costs £240 for a year, then I pay £20 a month into that account just for car tax.  Insurance, £600 - £50 a month just for that.    Assume the car needs replacing in 3 years, cost of replacement, £1000 - add an extra £28 a month..  I dont recommend getting into paying for car tax and insurance by direct debit. It costs more and gives you less financial flexibility - if you do it my way, you have to pay the first year upfront but after that you're in credit and can earn interest on the balance if you pick well.   Basically I turned the costs into a regular monthly amount that I had to be able to pay into that 2nd bank acct and not spend on anything else - if I was ever unable to do it, I'd know immediately I couldnt afford to keep driving and I'd have time to sort things out.. The first year of this was hard....   the 2nd year was very easy as the two big hits of car tax and insurance were all saved up for when due.  Also think about the annual MOT - its not that much but if things need fixing its better to have a bit aside for that
Been doing London UK ride as a lone male since 2011, never had any problems, when you get there and everyones stripping off it would feel more unnatural not to join in  No luck convincing friends to join me!!
Have opened Lloyds, TSB and Nationwide current accts with no problems solely online.    Tesco, ridiculously, required a signed form returned to them after I'd gone through the long online application process (it went in the bin, not wasting my time with that 20th century crap)  Never been asked to attend anything in person
I've three times been involved in minor shunts and resolved without insurance, go with your gut instinct about the counterparty if you trust them, and ask for copies of the invoices for work done to their vehicle (keep the copies)  Two of the accidents were my fault, one was the other party's, this is over the space of 20 years driving but two of them (one my fault) were in the last 4 years  The sensible option is to go through insurance. But its not the only way.
Got a job in a cashroom for 6 months, moved to a low level job with a chartered accountant, went to nightschool to get my AAT qualification, slowly progressed thru a variety of accounting posts and the ACCA qualification to my present job title, 'Financial Accountant' and a salary that begins with a 4  Getting to that job title has been a long battle. I wasted a LOT of years along the way due to taking wrong approaches and staying in jobs that didnt benefit me. I'm 37 and only now feel that I've 'made it'. It may be that I only got this far due to being effectively trilingual with two other major european languages as well as English and focusing on a subset of accountancy thats used by multinational firms
I saw the news, thought 'Fucking paddy cunts, we should shoot the lot of them, especially the Loyalists' then forgot about it and moved on  In 1993 I was close enough to an IRA bomb in london that the blast wave ruffled my hair (not close enough to be dangerous) and ever since then I've felt that Ulster is a shithole full of arseholes who arent worth fighting with,or fighting for. Let the poisonous cocksuckers kill each other off and leave us to our cups of tea
Yes. The bulk of my professional and financial progress has been in the last 5 years, as I started honing my niche.
Deric Longden, in one of his domestic comedy books, refers to his new (same-day) cat Thermal looking at his blind wife Aileens eyes for the first time, leaning closer, gently stroking her cheek with its paw and continuing afterwards to treat her considerably differently to any other human in the house
PM: Osborne. Not because he's a great politician but because he's a pragmatic and liberal-minded one.  I'm filled with horror at the idea of a brexiteer taking the reins/reign  Labour: Anyone but a Corbynite.     I will shortly be joining the Labour party in order to be able to vote in their leadership contests. I would recommend to anyone interested in having good opposition that they do the same.
I am somewhere on that spectrum and have averaged 18000 miles a year for 19 years now.. currently about 12000/year but some years I did 30000plus. I can see i am not the norm though...
