Dang it, forgot to account for daylights savings, got another hour.
I am Jack's mad face.
It sounds like the judge is convinced the divorce was a way to dodge paying the wife's expenses. Which means they probably didn't get a lawyers advice on how to structure things several years ago when it would of made a bigger difference.   Unfortunately a scenario like this is common, one spouse is relatively independent while the other requires expensive nursing care. There's ways to deal with it, but it's specialist work for an elder care attorney to deal with (and it varies a lot depending on the situation).
&gt; The study is careful to note that because Uber drivers are self-employed, those numbers don’t take into account driving expenses such as gasoline, depreciation, or insurance that employed drivers would have covered.  Cool, so I may make 16 dollars per hour before accounting for my insurance, gas, and maintenance, compared to 12 where my costs are covered...
I'm in Wheaton. My wife works a quarter mile away and due to how many roads are ice and how she's gotta deal with the hill its very slow to get home.
1. Your tone and manner are offensive, especially as you began by attacking me for using a term you were simply [unfamiliar with](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Private_attorney_general).   2. I am barred in my jurisdiction. My state's PR rules require use application of facts to an interpretation of law to be legal advice.  3. Private Attorney General Actions are similar to Qui Tams, I don't generally practice in the relevant courts to say how much.   Here's a law review article: http://www.billrubenstein.com/Downloads/private_attorney_general.pdf   Here's the key ADA CFR via LII https://www.law.cornell.edu/cfr/text/28/part-36/subpart-E  Notice how it sets up the private right of action, but gives an intervening right for the Attorney General.
Where's a Costco with booze? I miss that being in Montgomery county.
Just saw the first flakes here in Wheaton
Hey did the snow collapse your pool cover? My wife wants to know
&gt; 'd rather finish school asap and pass the bar and then start working  Dude, I went to a 2nd tier Cal school about 100 spots up the ranking from yours. It took me 3 years to get a law job, despite being patent barred, and top 10% of my class and passing the bar the first time.  At best your law school has a 38% bar passage rate. You're in the back half of the class already.   You may take several years to pass the bar. And odds are you will never pass the bar in your current condition.  Further, your school does not have a great rep. Even being top 5% of your class is going to be rough. And you're not going to be in that.  Dude, you fucked up, but you have options now. I'm assuming you're pretty young. Under 25.  I'd take the time off now and regroup. Go into the work force. You currently only have a 30k mistake. Sucks, but that happens. You were not ready or mature enough for law school. Your law school was one that you need to really think about. You do not want a law school ranked below 100 unless its free, and even then you need to weigh options.  What you really need to do is mature. Go spend 5 years working, mature. Retake the LSAT and try to get a decent score. Make a compelling life story, and find a cheap state school even outside of california.  Right now you're struggling to stay in a relatively bad law school at high tuition with low odds of bar passage and low odds of any sort of meaningful job.  IF! you succeed, you're looking at 10 years of struggle to find work and build a career.  If you take off and go work, you will mature, get better LSAT schools, you can have 10 much less shittier years to get a chance of legal employment.  Over those ten years off you might find another option. That's ok too. Being laser focused on law now isn't a great idea. You went to law school when you weren't personally mature enough or knew enough about how you performed to be ready for the tests.
A masters is nice, and means higher step/grade for the patent office. The nice thing is they have a long lead process, so you can easily apply while in school. You will almost certainly have to move to DC. but really its worth it. Also to be fair, o-chem is a bit more overcrowded than some fields, so a masters will help. Otoh, organometallics (nasty fucking shit!) seem less common.   My managing partners both actually went to Catholic University instead of GWU. (theres like 2 other options I think). It's really common in the DC area to be an examiner first, and that is where most biotech work is anyway.   I actually have a physics/chemE undergrad double major, and a failed stab at a phd before I went back. I was part of the crazy bubble years which made finding employment a bit harder. Doing via the PTO means guaranteed employment, no issues with the patent bar, and minimal debt. Not to mention maryland and virgina have joke bars compared to my cal bar.
Honestly my firm's partners and of counsels all went examiner-night school route. They worked at big law known patent firms with night school JDs from one of several DC schools.   Considering they graduated with no debt and a firm understanding of an art unit, it was pretty rewarding for them. Sometimes I wish that I did that (but I met my wife by going to law school where I did).
I did the majority of the high level fishing for my server's AQ gates in Vanilla. Hours upon hours in Winterspring.  Like real fishing I was drunk most of the time.
I just wanna tell you both: good luck. We're all counting on you.
Interesting enough I know a guy who lived in that exact same house like a year or two before this incident.
But where will I do my drugs?
Ugh that update. I'm thinking either a love stuck mormon missionary or a more complicated crazy wife raising plan.  I'm much more in favor of troll now.
I did the same. Went to a sleep clinic 3 months ago. I stop breathing 93 times an hour. I now have a CPAP machine and it's probably going to extend my life by 20 years due to lowering my blood pressure and reducing the stress on my body.
I love Hip Hop!
Sleep Clinics for fucks sake.  Resisted for 10 years.   Turns out I've got severe Apnea. Stop breathing over 90 times an hour when asleep. Getting a CPAP machine has helped a massive amount, I no longer stop breathing, no longer snore, and I've been losing weight and having better blood pressure because it turns out that sort of sleep disorder makes your entire body stressed.
Seriously, it's a great technique when it's a huge daunting list, especially when its for tasks that can easily be pushed back (until its so many it's overwhelming). Did this last time I moved, and it made my life less hell, as it's a matter of doing a couple items a day (like call and figure out utilities, clean individual rooms, box up clothes, etc).
Florida actually has both. Alligators in the north, Crocodiles in the south.
Lindsay: People hear the name Tobias, they think 'big black guy.'  Tobias: Well, obviously, I'm not a big guy.
Also there's a few big topics you need to be completely honest about and either completely agree with your partner about or have an actual open and honest for realz compromise.   The biggest ones are Kids, Marriage, Money.   Do you want kids? How many, how soon? This can be a massive source of pain for people who are not actually honest about this. If you don't want kids and you know it, you need to be clear. Vice versa, if you want kids and you know it, you need to be clear. This is not a revisit in a year or 5 year topic. This is a hill your relationship lives and dies on. You cannot really change someone's mind on whether or not they want kids. You can agree on compromises like how soon, how many, and how (bio versus adopting).   But you cannot compromise between Yes and No.   If you think you can change their mind, you're wrong. You need to look in the mirror and realize you are the asshole, who cannot be honest with their partner. You are at most giving a bit of extra life to a relationship at the cost of your partner's long term fulfillment. You cannot convert someone who does not want kids to want a child. Similarly you cannot convince someone who wants kids to give it up. At most you can stall for time and create a bitter horrible ending.   Similarly and related is marriage. You see this especially with couples who were dating before their mid/late twenties. People often will want to establish roots and create a home. Marriage to some people is a partnership and wonderful. Others, for their own reasons, hate the idea of it, and view it as a restriction to their freedom. This is one I see people push out often until ~30. Then its shit or get off the pot time. Now note, I do know couples that hate marriage per se, but are fine with a commitment. Basically something religious but not civil. That's ok if that's what you want, but that's something you need to agree on. Don't try and placate someone with a half ceremony.   Lastly money. How big of priority is it? how much now versus later? What do you want to do with it? When do you want to retire? What do you view about debt and credit? What's worth to put on a loan, versus what's not? Now r/personalfinance may try to create a perfect answer, but the truth is its about what you guys can agree to live with. If you are both ok being squirrels saving for winter, and being on r/frugal, that's ok. If you both would rather spend more on today, and take trips while young rather than retire a year earlier, that's ok too. There are somethings that are going to produce less stress, like having someway to reasonably pay off an unexpected expense. But its about being on the same basic wavelength. If one of you is a miser who likes to save 90% of their income, and the other spends 90%, there will be conflict. There's other stuff about how you conceive of money. Will you put everything in a common account, or keep some separate, or do everything separate? People can make those all work, but if you disagree about handling money, it can create a very shitty relationship.   Lastly, for everything else, learn how to communicate, both what you want to express as well as your feelings.
Regarding the Armour: we only adopted it because of a fundamental difference between Rugby and Football.  Rugby is a contact sport. Football is a Collision sport.  Every single play of American football has players going full speed into other players.   Before we adopted it, we had a lot of deaths. [In 1905 alone we had  18 deaths](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2014/05/29/teddy-roosevelt-helped-save-football-with-a-white-house-meeting-in-1905/?utm_term=.409817a8ac12) part of the changes were done under Teddy Roosevelt which outlawed a lot of things including stuff like flying V wedges.
[Bonus of local media shaming the hell out of everyone involved](http://www.9news.com/news/local/next/longmont-housing-authority-invited-police-to-search-low-income-apartments-without-warrants/446388186) edit* and my title sucks. Fuck it, lets do it live.
I just hope she's capable of staying clean.
Sorry, what I meant was it the troop itself doing the active participation, or something with multiple troops. Back a long time ago I did some camps around Oregon, and most of them were low key and might have a quick service/blessing thats super generic because there's usually a mix of denominations that don't like other denominations services.
Otoh we don't know if he's married with kids. So maybe Jonny has all of that, but his parents give him shit about not having grandbabies.
Of course he has no shame. He cheated on his wife while she was dying of cancer. Now his new wife (former mistress) is being appointed ambassador to the Vatican.
And its more than that. If I'm thinking about moving, I'm looking at quality of life. Failing schools and roads make it less attractive to move there. Failing schools also mean real estate investments are less attractive. It means people with a choice of locations rank it lower. If I'm an employee with a choice of locations, say the VA, I'm going to rank Kansas lower.  Bad roads mean I think twice for putting a distribution center there. Yeah maybe I'll save a small bit in taxes, but I'll lose it in increased maintenance.   The thing Kansas was sold on was by the time those things happen, the Laffer curve will mean an increase in tax base large enough to make up for the cuts. But nope, that does not happen.   Shoot, I know places that close libraries. After that you're going to have problems recruiting professionals to live there. Doctors choosing a small town to practice in are not going to love failing schools and no services. Failing roads mean
Thanks! I've just been hesitant about Tabacon because their online prices are more than I wish to spend.
Yeah it's a fucking complex issue, and I don't have any solutions. I do want people talking on the same page though, and I know lots of pro-gun control people who get lost on what a semi-auto means, and what's actually legal versus illegal, so effort is wasted. Or worse, do nothing measures get passed that provide the illusion of progress but have no results.
The exact way you say it, you know the semi-auto version of the switch fire weapon cannot fire more than one bullet per trigger pull, right? Actual switch fire weapons are mostly illegal (it must have been made before ~1986) with the legal ones being very expensive collectors items.  And I'm all for more effective gun control, but I want us to throw political capitol on something worth a damn not just a feel good measure. Like true universal background checks.
I think you're better off in the Great Basin for this than Arizona. Fewer towns, fewer travelers.   I once did a solo trip around parts of it. The road between Winnemucca NV and Burns, OR was the most alone I've ever been. I saw people twice, once in Fields, OR and the other in Frenchglen.
I've always seen it donated to the Zoos.
It gets infuriating if you also try to explain to them why there's active recruiting for specific races in Med school. It's because there's a need for minority doctors for minority communities. Between shit like the Tuskagee experiment, HeLa, J Marion Sims, among others, there's a long history of white doctors viewing black patients as experiments rather than people. As a result, a lot of black people will not visit white doctors.
I'm still proud I called his [financial domination kink](https://www.reddit.com/r/YouretheworstFX/comments/3pnum4/youre_the_worst_s02e07_there_is_not_currently_a/cw9p5ea/)
&gt; Biglaw   You can lateral in but its only really going to happen if you've had a great history after doing doc review.  There are now plenty of people who were grads in the recession years ~2008-2013 who were forced to take doc review jobs due how scarce jobs were. I've known some who are doing quite well. But I'm also in a niche where we were hammered hard during the recession, and biglaw is relative.
Her husband also does conversion counseling to 'convert gays' to straight. [He's been the focus of many jokes as he seems quite closeted.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfuMWqjACGc)
It really depends on the long term stability of your firm, and life goals. I've known agents that were happy until their firms died.  See, some firms, agents are treated the same as lawyers with the exception that partnership is off the table. In other firms, they are glorified paralegals who will never be allow to write apps, only do more routine office actions like restrictions, or do prep work for attorneys on more substantial matters.   Smaller firms tend to be more open to agents doing more substantial work. But smaller firms are much more at risk, as they rarely are properly diversified. Things may go great for 10+ years, with maybe a single large client being the majority of the firms work. Then internal changes at the client may mean there's a drastic drop in work at the firm.   One option to think about: Patent Examining. USPTO pays better than what you said your current rate was. Government job, good hours, and eventually they will pay for your JD.   Honestly if you're young and mobile, I'd considering going for the law just for the long term benefits. If you're older and more settled (spouse and kids), then its not gonna pay off as much.
Having the patent bar certainly helps. The thing with law school assistance is it comes and goes, but always comes back.   I will say there's fast tracking available for higher tracks. The pay scale is based on the initial grade you qualify for.   Here's a chart https://www.uspto.gov/sites/default/files/documents/Examiner%20brochure%202017.pdf   I was offered post law school with no experience a GS9 with a relatively high step, and promised a fast track to GS13. From what I've heard from friends who took it, it was a great deal.   But you're going to have to work in Alexandria, VA for 3+ years, more realistic 5+ if you're going to do law school when it comes around. Not the best, not the worst.  About the smaller firm issue. It can be great. The biggest issue is mobility if stuff hits a rough patch. Eg if your firm's big client has a sudden change. Like a reshuffling with new management which may want to change things up. I've seen this both result in changes of volume to a firm, as well as changes to billing practices.
I shouldn't say hyper public, but it was fairly available within the company.
AB+ Lost to Isaac.  Not Marathon Safe.  But I managed to finish. First Devil Deal had Duality. I varied between devil room and angel room. Got Death's Touch, Sacred Heart, Trisagion and Lachryphagy add up for some crazy homing damage. Finished under 20 minutes. I don't dare do Rush or Hush with the Lost.
I got my BS in physics, got into a PhD program, and my heart wasn't in it. Ended up spending 3 years in the work force doing engineering work before I found I liked another subject.
Eg. [Diane Guerrero](http://www.latimes.com/nation/la-oe-guerrero-immigration-family-separation-20141116-story.html) was born in the US, while her parents and older brother were born in Columbia. Her parents overstayed a tourist visa to illegally immigrate. Her folks tried to adjust their status but fell victim to [Notario Fraud ](https://www.americanbar.org/groups/public_services/immigration/projects_initiatives/fightnotariofraud/about_notario_fraud.html).   Diane was born and raised in the US. At 14 her dad won a few bucks in the lottery which led to immigration tracking down her family. Her mother, father, and brother were deported. She was basically left to fend for herself.   She had the option of going to Columbia, but she was a kid going to American High school, and had never been to Columbia. Her brother, btw, had a toddler with his wife, who was herself a citizen.
I'm someone who has a deep love of the Sitcom Genre. I watched BBT for a while, but eventually lost interest. (It has its moments, but it also is a show that mocks nerd humor more than indulge in it).   Young Sheldon is much less cynical/mean, and is unashamed about stuff like nerd humor, without telegraphing the jokes.  My problem is a central focus is the relationship between the main character and his father, who is going to die in a few seasons after the family breaks up due to his filandering. Eg. this show with heart is going pretty dark.
Aww, Jason figured it out? This one hurts.
IP lawyer is a broad term, and often used to describe non-patent lawyers who work in IP. Patent lawyer is a protected term for those like me who are registered to practice before the patent office. (Usually the state bar also protects the term, but I can't qualify every state does).   Patent Lawyers are also known as patent prosecutors, we write patents and prosecute them before the patent office. We can do other things as well, but our jobs usually revolve around the patent office. All of us meet a set of requirements for the USPTO, which generally means we have at least a bachelors of science in a field of Science or Engineering (not all STEM degrees are equal here as Math degrees don't count, and not even all science and engineering degrees always count). Many of us have masters or PhDs in the field. (I was once in a PhD program some years ago).  Other types of IP lawyers do different work. For example, a patent litigator is someone whose work with patents is related to lawsuits with patents. Some patent litigators are patent attorneys, but you're not required to be unless you're doing part of the litigation in front of the patent office.   IP Litigator is more often used when the attorney works in 'soft ip' field as well. That is, copyrights, trademarks, as well as more obscure stuff like designs, RoP, or boat bodies. Litigators are still folks who are focused on lawsuits.  Now from what you've said about corporate or PI, those are different things. PI work is litigation. Some litigators are just litigators. They do all fields. But in IP, because of the time, the cost and the expense usually involved to do all the research, it tends to result in specialists who do just IP litigation.  That said, litigation usually breaks into several different roles, with one that's fairly universal being the trial attorney. The sort of attorney who goes in front of the jury isn't always the lead attorney. You want a trial attorney who knows how to connect with people. It's a very different skill, and doesn't need a Harvard degree. (For example, in the OJ Simpson defense team, Johnnie Cochran had a degree from a midrank law school, compared to much of the rest of the team who came from 'better schools', but Johnnie had the knack with juries).   Many civil trial attorneys become hired guns who come in at the end of a big and complicated case. Truth is most cases don't go to trial, so having an experienced trial attorney running a lawsuit is a waste. For civil trial attorneys, many may develop specialties, but still branch out. John Edwards, former Senator and VP nominee, was most famous for his trial skills in medical malpractices against doctors whose mistakes in delivering a baby results in a child needing lifetime nursing care, but he also did some huge product liability cases. (He wrote a book called 'four trials' about these and other cases). So doing all types of litigation is possible in trial.  But so far I've discussed litigators and patent prosecution. Outside of these fields are a large amount of attorneys who do licensing work. These lawyers often work in house with companies, and deal with licensing in all sorts of fields. Much different skill, and there it kind of blends together.
Yup, and Fiona leaves with him. Also it's pretty much what happened in real life, as the two left the show and got married.
