Running into Claymores is literally carelessness. I know man, we have all been into that. You run around a corner, probably want revenge on some guy. Boom. You are dead.  It also happens randomly, some guy cleverly places the Claymores at his flanks. Or that one time I placed a Claymore directly in the "out of nowhere" area south of F on Golmud Conquest Large - someone really ran into it.  But - the thing I described above is a one in a million occurence. Most of the time people place it in doorways. And that is perfectly fine. If you don't run around careless you will never run into a claymore.   You either:  1) Throw a grenade at it 2) Shoot the claymore at a safe distance 3) Wait till a friendly hits the claymore and revive him/heal him 4) Simply go the other flank.  It does not warrant a nerf in any way. It is a very situational tool, if you nerf it, no one will ever use it again. Same as the nerf was too much with the SLAMs (and keep in mind, I never used them much, but still think the nerf to them was too much)
I habe absolutely no problem melting people up close with the AEK, FAMAS or some PDWs, even against shotgun users. Not at all. You should simply adapt and get better at the game before crying wolf that XY is OP or UP.
If the only reason you play a game because of a meaningless virtual carrot in form of 'ranks', instead to actually PLAY BECAUSE THE GAME IS FUN, then there is something wrong with you, not the game.  I couldn't care less what silly number stands beside my name, because I'm having fun with the game.
Something that people like to forget is the difference in skill involved. I started pretty late to use jets (just a few weeks ago) and for a newbie in the air it is absolutely brutal what you have to learn.  There are stingers, people sneaking up with ECM with their wingmen, using active radar, the jet physics themselves not even talking about actually being able to hit your opponents constantly.  Now tell me, what does it take to be effective in the mAA? Even my little brother could 'learn' to use this thing and press LMB1 every once in a while aiming in the general direction of an aircraft and laughing as it drops to the ground.
I play on console for 2 years now and never had problems with OOR players. Stop blaming your own shortcomings on other players. The netcode is very good now and I dont have any problem getting my bullets to register.
Yeah I've given up on it. One of the 3 assignments I have yet to do in BF4 and I dont see me ever getting these ucav kills.   As for this thread, nice summary, but overly emotional discussions or fact bending videos with fabricated matches still get a lot more views on here than a guy simply saying the truth. And lo and behold the alts have already arrived.
I use all vehicles regardless if air or land and just want even chances and balance for everyone.
I have the same problem, tried it on Golmud Rush, Silk Road, basically all china rising and wide open maps to no avail. Not even mentioning how USELESS you feel having to wait so long and then not being able to kill anything.  I will try that trick with exiting the ucav out, thank you!
Yeah both of these are good, UMP with its awesome damage over a good range and the PDW with its carbine damage model and omgwtf-hipfire.  I like the Groza for its AS VAL damage model and amazing precision. For some reason out of all automatic guns the groza has the highest accuracy for me at 25%. The reload is pretty long though.
These glitches only happened one time to me on xbone a few months ago when the xbox live network got ddosed. If you want any control over what match you want to join in, well I would never use the quickmatch option. Maybe it is a PS4 issue with the glitches in the browser? I do agree that it's a shitty situation though.
I myself refused to look for this stuff but if you offer help.. are you on console?  Edit: ah, pc ofcourse :(
Did you buy the game because you wanted a first person shooter with combined arms or because you wanted to go on empty servers to decipher morse codes? I don't know about you, but for me it is the former.  People who have schedules and work only have a little timeframe to play the game. And I put an emphasis on PLAY, not this shit. When i come home from work I want to play the game with my friends, who also have limited time. And since we like to play competitive this 'feauture' is even more stupid. If it would be unlocked by actually playing battlefield noone would complain.  So think before you speak.
I dont know about you; but I didnt have to unlock morsecodes theough the campaign and just had to play?
The only thing I have the IRNV equipped on is in tanks when I play on zavod and flir in heli. Don't be too quick to judge.
I am sorry that I play the game the way it was meant to be played and am interested in a well balanced game.  The fact that the camo was bugged and never intended to have the anti FLIR/IRNV feauture also escaped you?
I never use IR optics, thank you for not reading the the OP
Xone user. Performance has never been better to me after last patch. :/
I must be the only one who always enjoys the singleplayer campaign.. it gives me context to what's happening in the multiplayer and the battles fought, why the factions are clashing etc.. it's also an enviroment to try out different weapons against targets that actually move opposed to the test range.  I also don't like the idea with the different nationalities. BF has always been about two or more countries standing armies going against each other, not an un-cohesive mish mash of units.
I have nothing against the attack helicopter and like flying it myself, but I also think this glitch needs to be fixed.
Only douchebags will do stuff like this. I have around 3000 kills as mostly the AH pilot and would never claim a chopper as 'mine' and kick/burn the gunner out. It is a nonissue, as my friend who is usually the gunner just takes a different vehicle and goes to town.  Sometimes you have a bad gunner, sometimes not and a lot of times some people messaged me that I was a good pilot and they were grateful to fly and gun with me. I do the same when I spawn as a gunner to someone. We all bought the game to have fun and try out the stuff in game - no reason to be a douche about it. The game needs less asshats and tryhards.  If you can't handle random players then you are bad and bought the wrong game.  People like the guy in the video are not interested in the team winning, only their kills. Else they would not waste their and a teammates time and kills friendly soldiers which takes away tickets.
I simply like to play competitive. This involves having respect to your fellow teammates and enemies. It is calles sportsmanship. I am sorry if you are too bad to play games in non childish ways.
Lmao I play together with 4 friends. We always switch over to gamechat and ask the 5th guy friendly if he has a microphone. Had lots of fun and good times with randoms. The people who teabagged however were in 90% of the cases either squeaker kids 'trolling', blasting shitty music over the microphone or simply don't bother to talk. That's why we developed the habit to votekick them out.
The very first game on multiplayer I ever did was as defender on the snow cottage map. I spawned in, saw a figure running before me without a nametag above and shot him in panic. Turns out we were still in preparation phase and I shot Mute. -.-  Later that round my 3 other teammates got engaged in a firefight in the cellar and I desperately looked for a way down there. I accidentally flanked the enemy team, 3 guys with their backs turned to me and killed them all. Then the guy I teamkilled before said in his microphone that I am atleast as good killing enemies as I am with killing teammates. That was reall shameful to me :/ I apologized to him and all was good.
So I get downvoted and insulted because I ask for an OPTION to disable that stuff for people who dont want to see that stuff, no one is going to take away your shinies.   stay classy
I miss the planning phases before each mission. I would spend hours perfecting routes and points for my squads..
Thankfully I dont have to play that shit map and disabled it long ago
Thank you, I googled it and now I am wiser :P That's indeed pretty funny
Is BBs recoil different from xbone to pc? To me as a xbone BB main it looks normal. With shield attached the scar barely moves
and you enjoy being on the reciviing end? 600 hours in and this game becomes less and less appealing to me. :(  I seemore defendersoutside than inside lately on most maps. This has nothing to do with rainbow six to me.  people play this game like cod lately....   5 times we simply set the defuser right under their noses roaming trying to jump outside. this is fucking boring!
I said that the scar barely moves at all while shooting on xbone and wondered if its platform specific. But downvote anyway :)
I play with a reflex instead of acog, so maybe thats why the scar feels like a laserbeam :/ the enemy in this clip would be dead anyway, simply looked like tapfire to me
yeah when i bought a rainbow six game and expected it to play like a rainbow six game...  I really WANT to like the game, I enjoy the atmosphere, the sounddesign is amazing and visuals are very grounded an decent. however everytime I jump online I basically have no fun at all. This has not always been the case, the first 3-4 months defenders actually defended the objective. Ireally enjoyedit. Now everyone is just roaming and jumping outside
Same happened to me yesterday. Crouch, directly facing the enemy. 120 dmg while in the killcam the enemy hit the shield.
They are too small too in the preview when you see a players stats. Maybe I need glasses but its hard to tell them apart.
'Sometimes I wish my casual teammates would never do mistakes'
Lucked out on this one in a casual match. We played against some low level people who played very slow on Bartlett. I spammed the camera spot for almost two minutes straight and got 1600 points out of it from that alone :P
This. Revenge is petty and won't accomplish anything.  That said, in my 700 hours of playing this game, I can count the amounts of intentional teamkills on me on one hand. Not sure why people claim to see it all the time
Your fault for not having your wife under control
I play simce the release of the game too and dont feel like a special snowflake or like I am entitled something special for that. I bought the Black Ice skin back then ad still feel it's bullshit it is not available anymore. You can see by the many posts about these skins that people actually want to buy them. But they cant, so Ubisoft doesnt get any money and the playes are disappointed they cant have the skins. Sounds like an awesome win win situation doesnt it
I am so jealous that you can buy guns just normally in the USA :( why do I live in germany where they cuck you out of everything that is fun
I play on west eu servers and never wait more than 5 minutes for a game
Same here, except that I am only Plat 1 and have a high clearance level. Enemies will shit on you with the same messages you mentionend when you do well or laugh when you had a bad match. Teammates will either be 'omfg he must be a pro' or 'why did you not carry us all you're shit!' All the time
As long as it exists in real life, why not. All I want is to run around with my friends as an actual cohesive unit that doesnt look out of place.
Yeah, when I saw the original Tron I also always wished that one day I fould replace a normal looking head from an SAS operator with Tron helmets
Me too! But I never get a headshot, only injure+kill, so it has to be  bit higher I think? I just want to be as efficient as possible.
I was happy to throw some bucks at them, but if this continues then yes for sure I am out. You children will have your way then.
I only do that in casual when I feel like it and play Jaeger. It only works against very bad players. Every decent player will read you like a book for your intention and will be prepared for it.
I would love this. For all its flaws BF1 has a really amazing specator tool where you can make good camera adjustments on the fly resulting in good cinematics. What would be even more awesome if you could save some favorite matches of yours to view it from more angles etc. later on in that tool.
Most boring gun to use in the entire game. Press and hold shoot to win. I would have probably gone isane from boredom if I would have used that gun for so long :| But who am I to blame, I have 10.000 kills with the AN94 too in BF3 and 4 :D
That's a map issue, not the games.   I play agaist diamond people all the time too and have never seen anyone with a high rank like yours cry so much about his inability to adapt.
