I had exactly that happen.  I won a $500 gift card in a golf tournament.  It was to a very high end men's clothing store.  Forget it.    The suits started in the thousands.  I managed to spend it on a pair of pants and some Ray Ban sunglasses.
Smoked cigarettes.    Not long ago I quit for the same reason.  Smoking continues to make you look older.
Skipped Chris's funeral.  Everybody did.  She was a weird, unattractive, unpopular girl who few even noticed.  She had a heart attack in gym class at 13.  It was shocking to have a classmate die, but few were broken up by it because nobody really knew her.  I don't know that a single classmate attended her funeral.  This had to hurt her parents, and that never occurred to me until I became a parent myself.  I wish I could go back and attend it, and encourage others to join me.
I have a very particular set of skills, skills I have acquired over a very long career.
I can play the drums.
I already regret throwing away my first cell phone.  Mid 80's from Radio Shack.  Picture a car battery with a handset on it.
TIFU by invading and trashing Kuwait.
What about if they gave you their garbage email?  The one that gets tons of ads every day because they use it for purchases and such.  I was dating a woman who I sensed gave me that address and didn't like it.  I couldn't be trusted with her good one?
Archer.  I saw it referenced somewhere and recorded an episode.  Now I can't stop, and even 3rd or 4th viewings of the same episode brings new laughs.
It was in my 20's when I started noticing people in authority looking too young for that job.  Teachers, police officers, etc.
Thank you!  For 3 years, I've never known how people did all those things.
You sharted in the pair you showed up in.
A ride to the airport.    My boss once called me at 11 PM to pick him up.  I told him to grab a cab, save the receipt, and I'll pay it in the morning.  He got my point, and apologized for even asking.
My smallest one was barely bigger than a car remote.  I miss that size - but I sure don't miss texting with the numbers.
As a kid, I once stepped out of my house and saw a man carrying an oak tree that was at least 100 years old and 100 feet tall.  I could see it had just been cut from it's stump, and even though his arms couldn't nearly encircle it, there he was slowly walking along with it.   Then I realized that out of vision was a crane holding it from the top, and he was simply guiding it.  Then they went on to cut it apart from the bottom up.  But for those 10 seconds, I thought I was seeing some kind of superpower.
We lived in an old colonial, and there was a closet for coats near the front door.  The back wall of that closet stopped about 2' short of the floor, and if you crawled under it, it opened up into the space below the stairs.  I was the only one who would go back there, so it was my private space.  I listened to my record player in there.
I'm going to be 70 in only 12 years.
I remember talking outside with a few neighbors about a particular movie, and one of them went inside and came back out with a review of the movie and it's playing times all printed out.  That was the first thing I ever saw pulled from the internet, and I knew I needed to get online.
My college Biology final was multiple choice, all the answers came from a labeled diagram of the body.  I heard the girl sitting at 10 O'Clock snicker, and when I looked her way I saw her column of answers spelled out "Merry Christmas"  I quickly changed what would have been about a C into an easy A.
I only recently learned that Pres McKinley was essentially bought and put there by the reigning industrialists of the time.  Rockefeller, Carnegie, and J P Morgan.  He did exactly what they wanted him to do, which was keep the federal government out of their businesses.   Labor laws, workplace safety, anti-trust violations...none of that got any attention until he was out of office.
The first hand hold makes my heart pitter patter more than the first kiss does.  I happen to be in a new relationship where we haven't done it yet.  Saturday is Date #3.  I might be getting some hand.
"Your test results came back positive."
It took me a couple weeks to figure out I had them too.  I was buying moisturizers for what I thought was a dry skin problem.  Then I noticed some bites.  So the next time I woke up in the middle of the night, I jumped up and turned on the light.  There were about 10 of them on my sheets.
I would have to have two loaves at all times.  His and Hers.
This happens sometimes with people who pull in from a side street.  When I'm squeezing in that way, I practically floor it for that first quarter mile so the person behind me doesn't need to brake.
I was really disappointed with a woman I was dating who did this in Target.  She changed her mind on the towels in her cart, and just tossed them on top of a clothes rack.  She had also made a mess of the towel section while shopping for them.  I jokingly criticized her for it, but in reality she dropped quite a few points that day.  Selfishness and laziness are unattractive traits.
When an employee argues over a procedure or rule that I insist on.   It's not even the matter at hand that bothers me, it's the bigger picture that they're arguing it.   In my world, if my employer says that the first minute of every work day is to be spent standing on one foot next to my desk - I either do it, or quit.  I don't argue that it's not necessary or stupid.  I don't cheat and actually stand on two feet.  I get there early to make sure I don't miss the one foot minute.
My interview for a boiler room job back in the 1980's.  I very quickly surmised that they were selling worthless investments.  I didn't mind high pressure sales, I had already done it.  But this was stealing, and targeting the people who could least afford it.
The fax machine.    That miraculous invention changed my life.  A few of us splintered off and opened a satellite office for our company, just because we wanted to live on the other side of the country.  The fax machine made it no different than being on the other side of the room.
I saw it the best way - from a commercial flight that happened to go right over it.  I didn't have to go an inch out of my way, just casually look down.
Ahh..it would start with my first cigarette in years.
Turning down invitations or requests without any excuse.  Can you help me move on Saturday?  "No."   That's it.  I don't have to tell you what I'm doing instead, or go on about my sore back - just a simple no.
While ordering breakfast. Server:  How do you like your eggs? Me:  I don't know.  I haven't had them yet.
Bill Gates, or any corporate leader, if I use trickery and a throw away phone. Rob Manfred, the commissioner of ML Baseball, if I just use my name.   We were friends years ago.
My grandma in MN added a "my" to the end of that.
I had a woman apologize for taking a call, but it was from her daughter.  No problem.  But a few minutes later I pretended mine vibrated, and told her we're now even because I had to take a call too.  "I'm in the middle of something very important right now and can't talk.  You can tell Stockholm that Scrappy Larue is no longer their piggy bank.  They can rebuild their own bridges and tunnels.  Tell them to raise taxes, or call the Bank of Munich, but I'm out. Good bye."  She sat there stunned until I told her I wasn't talking to anybody.
Having more and more friends die.  When you're young, it's rare to have one of your peers pass away.  By the 50's, about 10% of the people you ever met are dead.  60's, more like 30%.  By late 70's, it's over 50%.  That rate never stops going up.
Leap out of bed the second the alarm goes off, and beat on my chest like an ape.  She's not a morning person.
Could you help me get out of a big financial problem?
My partner and I made an $80,000 phone bill go away without too much effort.  One whopping lie, and some easily created documentation to back it up.  The person in charge of collecting the debt had a soft spot, and we hit it hard.  She should have sent it to an outside agency or their legal department, but she didn't.  She kept listening, and we wore her down in a week.
I didn't appreciate them at the time.  I just memorized what it took to pass.  Now I wish I could go back and repeat every history course I ever took because it's fascinating.
Arguing with my wife over whether or not I've seen a particular movie.   It's happened more than once.  I mention a movie I want to record or rent, she tells me I've already seen it.  Neither of us can win that argument, or even agree to disagree.
Mine was 34 years ago tomorrow.  I was already thinking about it before seeing this question, because I've been divorced for three years.  The ceremony was in a beautiful outdoor setting on a perfect June day, and the large reception was held at an elegant venue on Long Island.  Since that time, I've seen our wedding spot in more than one movie, and the reception hall used in a story line on the Sopranos.
George Harrison used to throw parties that, no matter how many showed up, he had enough ukulele's for everybody.  I sure wish recordings existed from those jams.
If I'm diagnosed with cancer, I won't fight it with anything beyond pain killers.  My obituary will not include the phrase "courageous battle."
I farted while giving a trampoline demonstration to a college class.  About 20 students surrounding the trampoline, all eyes on me, complete silence.
Yes, because what she's giving me becomes less special.  I really cared for a woman who had previously spent a few years in the swinger lifestyle with her ex.  It bothered me that this beautiful, special gift she was giving to me had also been given to guys that she never knew their name.  I also couldn't help but feel I was being compared to others.
All the girls who give me numbers seem to live in the 555 area code.
Stubbornness.  It's kept me out of some trouble, but it's also kept me out of some fun.
Every time I slam my knee into the corner of my desk,  I'm sure I split it in two this time.    Damn you Thomas Jefferson for inventing the swivel chair.
