Yes, let's do this. I've been wanting this for years. I even (terribly) wrote a bill for Model General Assembly that was this exact idea. Unfortunately, the farthest it went was to committee.
I don't know of any changes you can do really. I edited the config to allow high res since the default max is 1280x1024.
Got suspended for using Tor Browser to read Cracked.com.  Now I'm a CS major.
I still have no clue what to get my Santa.
Yeah, they also sell those in stores. I'm hoping to find one and graft it to my magic band.
He's not always right. I went back and checked through one of my old  Unofficial Guides. There was a lot of mentions about a possible Halloween separate ticket event at MGM. Obviously, that hasn't happened.
My dog uses the Teenie Beanies as chew toys. Also tries to do that to actual size Beanie Babies, but I like my stuffed animals to survive if they look cool.
Because it's probably true. My dad had a stroke last year, and has plateau'd in recovery.
I hope that my giftee likes my gift. I like what I got, but USPS busted the cool part of it.
I sent a photo of the damage to my Santa. I'm pretty sure he wants to send me a new one, but get money from USPS for it.
That is what's going on with a different computer I'm having problems with, but this one was just upgrades to 10 yesterday, and never had networks working.
Dang, I'm going end of July, and have never been to that attraction. Sucks more for my cousins who are going for the first time, and we're doing two DHS days back to back due to how magic hours matched up. That second day is going to feel slow.
Usually with at least a crowd of Christian witnesses, who are supposed to help keep you accountable. So the river's fine usually, but most churches I've been to have a hot tub inside as a baptismal.   That said, I have been to a baptism that was done in a kiddie pool.
Honestly, the only problem I have with the exercises is that it assumes I'm female, which I'm not. I don't ever need to say nosotras.
Mine does IBM ThinkPad and then goes into more personal information than I'd like to give out.
Walden Pond lets you have pets, although they charge a fee.
Ugh, guess I'm going to still be using the S6 for the next like 4 years.
My Sprint one has call over wifi, although I don't use it.
No, I haven't forgotten that one. I have a bumper sticker from it with my collection of other bumper stickers from campaigns that failed.
Got a false positive for some weird disease from South America the one time I did, and haven't gotten it cleared up yet.
One of my professors goes there for something similar. He teaches basic C++ in the summer there, hoping to help bring students to Christ.
Ok. I guess I just haven't been fast enough to hit that cap.
God, it was so easy to level up in KH2. Pride Rock was literally all I did after beating most of the story.
Yeah. I click the post button, and it does nothing. Makes me wonder if my account might be in danger.
[Yes.](http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/s1o90/i_think_my_teenage_son_may_have_sodomized_our_dog/)
Maybe I was grandfathered in since I got the discount when it first came out, but I've used it for ~4 years now, and all I've had to do the past two years is just reverify I was a student. Won't be able to do that next time, but $10 Spotify really won't feel that expensive once I start working.
I don't use it because last time I did, I got fucked by a bug where their Charged Star Card was the same as one of the ones on my class, and when switching classes later in the match, it wiped out my supply of charges.
Wait, which instruments work with the adapter? I have RB1 drums, GHIII guitar, RB3 keyboard, and Microsoft microphone.  After a quick google, apparently the microphone and the guitar would work with the adapter. Drums are too old since they're wired, and keyboard isn't even in the game.
Reminds me of when DH got leaked and I found a decent fanfiction that covered most of the same ideas pretending to be the leak.
I love Big Brother too.
I don't vote in the midterms for my district, but that's because my district is so right-leaning, and Bob Goodlatte has done enough for the people of our district, especially in agriculture, that those who do vote choose him, even though he is so much a part of the systemic problems of Congress.
Campus lockdown with active shooter. Honestly was really annoyed that it meant the dining halls were closed.
Nope. Virginia Tech when a Radford guy came and shot one of our cops.
I only just got it this week. Fucking cycler rifle is a pain to use. Easier as a scout pistol type weapon than as a sniper.
I'm trying to remember what Threshold 2's biggest changes were. The one I've used the most is being able to use Windows 7 and up keys straight for an install, but I don't remember much else.
Hey, I only just got the damn Shadow Trooper, so I'm going to enjoy it for a bit.
Eh, the only internship I ever had was with a company I'd never want to work for out of school, but they just happened to be one of very few tech companies in my hometown, so they were great for a summer internship.
I really want to change the thumbnails for every episode to these on Plex, but I think they're a bit too spoilery, especially when I have a brother who hasn't been spoiled, and has only watched the first episode.
You're Mr. E.
You know, I'm pretty sure every modern president has had some sort of pet, and usually a dog. What's Trump going to get?  EDIT: Apparently, every president has kept some sort of animal in the White House, although Martin Van Buren apparently had to give his tigers to the zoo.
And Jen needs it for her presentation.
My parents' cars all have handicapped plates. I've been driving one of them. I purposely don't park in handicapped spots.
Lvl 20-something and none of those, although I did catch a Dratini on vacation, back during that first week.
Well, she is Me on Doctor Who.
Still haven't finished that series. And have mostly forgotten what happens in the ones I did read. What follows is what I remember from them.  1. [He captures Holly and there's a huge battle, and he somehow is allowed to keep his knowledge of fairies.](/spoiler)  2. [Something happens in the arctic and he gets his dad back.](/spoiler)  3. [Something with a cube of powerful tech.](/spoiler)  I think there's like 7 books, but that's all I remember of them, and my copies got destroyed in a flood when I was in elementary school.
You know, seeing them mention the last time Trump was at Liberty reminded me of that time when Trump was at Liberty and gave the advice of "Get even, and get a pre-nup." Which while doesn't seem like Christian advice, definitely fits for prosperity gospel.
I can do the Premillennialism one, with a focus on dispensational premillennialism, with a focus within that on a pretribulation rapture.  Credentials: Probably the only who's going to sign up, read all of the Left Behind books, watched all of the Left Behind movies, even the ones you probably don't know about, and went to Liberty University and got a 3.75 GPA in the relevant Bible courses.
You don't necessarily need to go that far. I'm Facebook friends with a couple of my former teachers, and they're out sick this week because of some sort of bug going through the community. Just have someone get sick in time to get the teacher sick.
See, I always see this answer, but it just makes me ask how do you talk to your friends? Because when I talk to my friends, they answer immediately, in English. When I pray, I usually don't get an answer, and not in any sort of conversational way. In fact, it's more like when I've tried talking to people that aren't my friends, and I can see that the message was delivered, but they didn't want to reply.
Funny enough, I'm 25, and I remember trying to go see X3 on a date. Ended up getting to the theater too late and we ended up seeing RV. Guess what movie makes no one feel romantic?
