&gt; I go to my local bar and talk to Trump people, and after a few beers they all start talking like leftists. They hate on bankers and international trade deals, corporate influence on government, all that crap.   Everyone still believes in the myth of the American Dream, but folks on both sides are beginning to notice the perennial shortage of bootstraps.  That narrative only works to motivate the working class if a large enough percentage of folks manage to retire into that nice house in the suburbs, with a boat and an RV parked in front.  When people never get to retire at all, they eventually start to question why they're still shackled to the treadmill.
It's definitely a regional thing, unless something has changed recently.  In the schools I am familiar with in Texas, you generally just get access to a clinic where you can see a RN and get a few minor things done for cheap.  No emergency care and they can only prescribe some drugs (birth control, maybe antibiotics, etc.  Nothing scheduled.)
It's mostly the folks that fall into the gap where they should be covered by the medicaid expansion, but don't live in a state that took it.  Even when they make slightly over the poverty level, the subsidies are pretty pitiful compared to the plans you can afford.  The 'cheap' insurance on the exchange is a joke.  Most are high deductible plans that are essentially unusable by the folks in that income bracket outside of catastrophic injury.  That means people that may only be pulling in $1200 - 1500 a month are faced with spending $250 - 300 (or more) every month on something that they won't be able to actually use if they get sick, but aren't literally dying.
You're right, BCBSTX is offering it even at my old school now.  Looks like they started some time in 2014 or 2015.  Here's to some positive progress in the loan star state ;)
I'm Texan, born and bred, and it's been a shame watching what has been done to the state over the last 15 years.    I mean, hell.  When I was in high school, evolution wasn't a controversy and they taught us actual sex education (complete with handing out rubbers) and out interstate system was one of the best maintained in the country.  Now, intelligent design is part of biology coursework, 'abstinence only' has more support than actual education, planned parenthood clinics are dropping like flies, and our bridges are literally falling down.
I think you'll start to see a shift in grocery stores, more focus on fresh produce and meat, and less packaged items on the shelves.  An online vendor can afford to devote more space to specialty goods than a brick and mortar because they're dealing with regional customer traffic, rather than local.  That selection is going to sink local supercenters eventually as shipping continues to get cheaper.    I already use prime pantry for a lot of my shopping--canned goods, cokes, paper stuff, and toiletries.  I go to a local supermarket with a good meat market for pretty much everything else.  Amazon is a big reason why Walmart gets almost none of my money these days.
Every so often I still need slim jims and mountain dew at 2 am, but aside from the rare "I need it right now" purchase, I have made a conscious effort to quit giving Walmart my money.
&gt; I think in the vast majority of jobs, conducting some business with your personal email account is just fine.  Not hardly.  They issue you company email accounts for a reason.  I have known several people who have been fired over the years for simply for emailing themselves company spreadsheets to "work on them at home" because they didn't want to be bothered with remoting into a virtual desktop.    Company's tend to take a very dim view of people who play fast and loose with proprietary information.  Replying to a quick question from your boss via your personal email when you are home is one thing, but refusing to use the required company IT infrastructure in favor of google docs and gmail is just going to lead to a spot in the unemployment line.
Yup.  It was a blow to the gut.  Only job I have ever been fired from.    The shit Clinton pulled would not fly in the private sector.  I don't understand why so many folks think she should get a pass for that sort of behavior in the public sector.
I'm still here, and about ready to pack my shit up and get out.  The gerrymander coup has done a lot to fuck the state up.  It's been painful watching Texas get dragged back into the dark ages over the past decade.    The Lone Star State used to have its own unique feel.  There was a strong libertarian streak, but thanks to the influence of Houston, Dallas, and Austin, it was a pretty inclusive form of libertarianism.  Then the mid term redistricting happened, and we went from the most liberal bastion in the south, to the home of Ted Cruz in about a decade.  As I said in other threads in the past, my old high school is now teaching abstinence only sex ed and intelligent design.  It's so bad at this point that we're fucking up textbooks for half the country.  My old biology teacher must be rolling over in his grave.
I'm not really a fan of living in an area where my vote is purely symbolic and utterly meaningless.
&gt; Maybe they live on the other coast and he always tells them he's fine.  My grandmother is like this.  I've been staying with her to help out, and no one else in my family really realizes how much she's losing it.  The problem is she seems perfectly fine in a 20 minute phone conversation with family, and she is very protective of her independence so she tends to lie to cover things up any difficulties she has.    I started staying over her to help her more because I found out she was over $1000 overdrawn in her bank account.  I had been doing grocery shopping for her, and the last check she wrote me bounced.  When I got to digging through her finances, I found out she'd been double or triple paying some of her bills, had like 4 separate subscriptions to Time magazine, and she had been writing incorrect totals for her pension payments for the past 6 months (she reverted to the total she got when my grandpa was still alive, rather than the reduced total for just her).  Once I got moved in, I started noticing all the weird little things she does, like ask me to fill up the furnace with oil because she's cold (she doesn't have a furnace), wake me up at 2 am every night because she forgets how to work the thermostat, or wake me up at 5 am every morning to go check on the hogs (no hogs).    But when her daughter calls to 'check in', she sounds perfectly lucid.  As shitty as it might feel, if the old dude doesn't have a support system, Op will be doing him a favor getting authorities involved.
The Sanders spam was definitely pretty egregious for a while, and then he was deposed on /r/all for the Donald.    But then I don't really count myself as a hardcore Sanders supporter (and I agree with you on the unrealistic expectations of a lot of the crowd), and although some of my posts arguing for realistic expectations from the Bernie true believers got a healthy dose of downvotes, I have never been personally attacked by Sander's fans.  From this thread alone, I have received more than a few colorful PMs from the other side that have called into question my parentage and intelligence.
[I think I have decided who I am voting for in November.](https://noneoftheabove.vote/)
I was old when you were in highschool.
Hey, I'm not Trump *or* Clinton.  Vote me, 2016!
Sounds about like my plan, Netflix and day drinking.
I'm not old enough to remember McGovern, but I do remember Reagan.  I also remember the Blue Dogs, Bill, and how he and his Third Way picked up where Reagan left off and continued to gut the safety net, dismantle financial regulations, and auction off the remains of the middle class to the highest bidders.    The DNC sold its soul to neoliberalism under Bill's watch, partly as a response to having their ass handed to them in the wake of McGovern's run, and I am not looking forward to Clinton 2.0 to continue that trend.  **Edit:**  And as a bit of friendly advice, if you are intent on campaigning for Hillary on reddit "*I don't know how old you are, but"* is a pretty terrible way to start the conversation off.  I didn't take offense with your statement, but I can't tell you how many times my damn near 40 year old ass has been called some variation of 'kiddo' by Clintonistas.  Implying someone is too young to know better is a pretty good way to get their hackles up.
As someone who will never vote Hillary, I agree with that assessment.  The resolve of most of the #neverhillary crowd won't survive the next six months of democratic fearmongering directed at Trump.  Most of the folks who are *Never Hillary* today will turn out to vote against Trump in November.  That said, I think voter turnout on both sides of the aisle will be abysmal this cycle.  The campaigns of both parties is fueled primarily by hatred of the other side (beyond a small, vocal base), and that isn't how you generate voter turnout.  And *that* trend, rather than the #neverhillary push, may be what sinks her.  If Trump's rabid fanbase survives and keeps pushing, Hillary is going to lose due to the enthusiasm gap.
Just look at what happened in the microcosm of reddit when the CtR announcement hit.  I'm not a fan of Hillary, but I am sympathetic to the sheer amount of bullshit her legit supporters get on /r/politics in the wake of that press release.    Announcing Barrier Breakers gave anyone who dislikes Hillary carte blanche to accuse all of her real supporters of being paid shills.  I half believe they made that announcement specifically to provoke abuse against her supporters in a bid to martyr them.
As a white man married to a black woman, I'm going to politely go ask my bitch if she wants to fuck.
And the other side will say you don't have to be a bigot, or ban a religion, to want strong borders and take extra steps to keep 'Islamic radicals' out of the country.  The problem is you think I am on the other side of this issue.  I want what you do.  I'm a far-left liberal who wants common-sense gun control and an inclusive, peaceful society.    But mankind is not a rational animal, we are *rationalizing* animals, and this attack plays right into Trump's nationalist / emotional brand while shutting off the parts of the brain required to parse Hillary's reasoned response.
Before they add regulations like that, they need to add the processes to those 'lists' that keep due process intact.  That would mean you would need to be informed that you were under investigation and had been added to a 'list of suspected terrorists', and be given a legal mechanism to remove your name from the list.    Adding regulations that make it impossible for you to purchase firearms because the FBI decided to add you to some list in secret is the same as giving the FBI the ability to deny the purchase of firearms to anyone, for any reason, with no oversight.  That's a huge step up in federal power (and this comes from someone who is not a huge fan of guns).  It is imperative that we protect the rights of the worst among us, or lose them for the rest of us.  [First they came](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/First_they_came_...), and all that.
Yea.  This.  My wife has asthma and bad seasonal allergies, and that combo can easily cause a secondary infection and lead to pneumonia.  Every year when the ragweed starts dropping pollen she has to be very careful or she ends up in the hospital.  I can't imagine what would happen if a roommate suddenly decided to start growing it as a houseplant.
Unfortunately there are 'Christians' out there gloating about the attack.    Homosexuals are less than human in the minds of some evangelicals, and even if they aren't applauding what happened, there are many (in their heart of hearts) who think the folks in Orlando "reaped what they sowed".    As someone from a Southern state, I can attest just that as yet more acquaintances and family members were purged from my Facebook feed over the last 24 hours for that sort of vitriol, which seems to happen after every similar tragedy.
I went through the pictures and my imagination was on fire, then I click on the comments and I am disappoint.
Most HOAs are no big deal (and can even be kinda ok), but the ones who are bad seem to be nightmares.  My suggestion is to pick the shittiest looking house on the block where you are shopping, knock on the door, and ask how they feel about their HOA.  If they don't immediately fly into a frothing rage, you'll probably be fine.  If you do find yourself living under an HOA, it really does behoove you to be involved.  The big problem with a lot of them is they tend to end up being a little tribal, and just being acquainted with the folks running it can head off a lot of problems.  Also, if you're attending the meetings (they're usually pretty rare, just once or twice a year) you won't be surprised with changes, and the best way to keep them from going of the rails in the first place is participation by the homeowners.
Can I catch a ride?  I don't think I want to live on this planet anymore.
If the dad has checked out and is refusing to help, Op needs a guardianship to navigate the FAFSA requirements.  I was in the same boat with a deadbeat dad who wouldn't assist me back in the day, and it's the reason I got married young.  You're stuck needing your parent's financial info until you're 25, get married, have a kid, or join the military and if they're refusing to provide it, the whole process stalls.  The reason I say guardianship (or some other sort of custody order) is the federal government is also going to want tax and financial information from the mother, which sounds like another can of worms.  Another option is to encourage him to go a route other than college.  Trade and apprenticeship programs are very good alternatives that often have a much lower bar to get into and pay for.
It's been some years since I was in school, but it was a nightmare trying to get financial aid with a dad that I was estranged from, but who was also making a whole lot of money.  The bureaucracy in the process isn't flexible, and the success with navigating it really depends on how helpful the aid reps choose to be.  I kept running into bored and disinterested administrators who viewed my difficulties as an annoyance, but me and the wife are still together all these years later, so things worked out.  /u/OHAnon posted a lot more detailed information in the thread, if you didn't see it.  They have more direct experience than I do, and posted some specifics that should give you some options.
I tell them they can't come in because my german shepherd is a retired police dog and he gets aggressive with strangers.
Our shepherd isn't aggressive, but he's definitely assertive.  He's only been through basic obedience, but is from a working line and the "guard the flock" instincts run pretty strong in him.  He's never even suggested he'd bite anyone, but he does seem to have a switch that flips when he reads concern in my wife's body language around certain strangers.  He's never growled or snapped at anyone, but he has a "high alert" mode where he stands next to my wife and gives people the stink eye.
I'll admit it.  Trump seemed like he was crazy like a fox (and pretty much unstoppable) just a month or two ago.  Now he's crashing like the Hindenburg.  I've never been happier watching someone flame out like this.    The only thing that would make me even more pleased is if the shitstorm chasing Hillary finally manages to overtake her.
There are a lot of instances of the blind leading the blind in restaurants like McDonald's.    It could be a simple misunderstanding on both sides, it could be a shift manager trying to hide how long it is taking them to close, or it could be a calculated effort to shave labor.  In my experience, there's about an equal chance for any of those scenarios, but two of them can be sorted out with a simple conversation with upper management.
I spent about 15 years in the industry, and four of those years was as an auditor for corporate.  Part of my duties would be going 'under cover' as a relief manager to help out at a location for a week or two before doing a formal audit.  Shady shit was pretty much universal, but a lot of it could be explained with incompetence, rather than malice.  "I didn't know I couldn't do that" was a common refrain.
She's 15.  She's not an unstable woman, she's an unstable *child*.  You need cut off all contact and proceed with caution.   I'd bring my parents in on the situation and save all correspondence until this dies down.  You might also really want to make sure to avoid her, and definitely never have any contact with her alone.  If she shows up to your house, call the police.    If she escalates, contact a lawyer for consultation and involve the police.   As a legal adult, an unstable 15 year old girl has tremendous ability to cause you hardship.  You are outside the age range of the Romeo and Juliet protections for Idaho, so if she levels any accusations of sexual contact towards you, you're going to have a bad time.
Personally I'd be wary about getting the police involved in this unless necessary.  Calling to say, "Hey, there's this crazy 15 year old girl who wants to hook up with me, but I totally haven't and now she's getting all weird about it," is as likely to open an investigation into the situation as it is to close it.  What's worse, if the police do come sniffing around her, it might prompt her to make a false statement where she might not have approached them on her own.  Regardless, as an adult male, I personally wouldn't go anywhere near the police without a lawyer when the situation involved a minor female.
We used to live in an older neighborhood that was about 3 blocks away from the bad side of town, so we got the occasional crackhead sniffing around the place.    I got woke up to one of our danes growling low and menacing, and heard something in the other part of the house.  I opened the bedroom door, and followed the two danes out into the house, and saw a shape in a white t-shirt haul ass towards the back door.  The dogs took off after him.  The two gigantic rescue danes barked and carried on, but wouldn't leave the radius of light from the back door.  Meanwhile the 35 pound springer spaniel mix didn't make a noise, but shot out between my legs and took off like a bullet after the would-be burglar.    Samson caught up to him at the fence line, caused him to drop my DVD player, and tried his best to murder the intruder.  After the dude got away, he brought me a bloody shoe as a trophy and wanted to play fetch with it.  [He was a good soldier, and will be missed.](http://imgur.com/WCl32VK)  (the danes were mostly useless, but good for a cuddle)  You make sure to tell your guy he's a good boy for me.
One of the rescue danes we had back in the day had Von Willebrand's.  Ever since then I have always kept one of those little foil envelopes of WoundSeal powder in my wallet.  It's good stuff to have on hand, not just for cuts on the dog.
Yeah, there's a lot of (not-undeserved) paypal hate in this thread, but it's not like they never side with the seller.  It's just that you only hear the people who successfully get scammed bitching.  I sell refurbished smartphones and laptops semi-regularly through ebay and other platforms, and deal a lot with paypal.  I have definitely had people try and scam me before, but have only actually been fucked by paypal twice out of a dozen or so attempts.  If you agree to refund after a return, and he fails to successfully return it to you, there's a pretty good chance that paypal will side with you.  They want buyers and sellers to work things out, and want to enforce return policies (even if you don't offer them as terms of the sale).  If you make the effort by offering a refund for a return, and he pulls this sort of crap, they'll probably find in your favor.  You just need to call and speak with someone in person, and appeal the decision if they side with him the first time (and point out that the package never left Louisiana on the return trip when you give your supporting evidence).
I think it was made worse by living with a couple of danes.
He was a bit of a beast.  All fluff and floppy ears, but 35 pounds of solid muscle under the fur.
Pony had the potential to be dangerous, he was very protective of my wife.  It's just that he was also very, very lazy.
Careful with shepherds.  That's what we have now, and the menace he can put into a warning bark is way beyond what the danes were capable of (despite being half their size).  Colt is a loverboy with the wife and the cats, but he's also got a mouth full of knives and I am pretty sure he's willing to cut a bitch.  He's got a way of sitting and watching things that just seems like more wheels are turning than I am used to, especially compared to our previous dogs.  I've never had a dog before that seemed to be quite so 'alert'.
Yeah.  We originally had a chihuaha, and then ended up adopting a dane from a neighbor who decided to become a breeder.  A few months later we took in his sister after they discovered she had Von Willebrands and that she'd die if they bred her (they were on the road to becoming shitty backyard breeders).  A few months later, a dude saw we had the two while we were walking them, and asked us if we wanted to adopt his dane because his new girlfriend was making him get rid of it.  Then my sister dumped her springer puppy at our house because she's a shitty human being and "what's one more dog when you have 4", and finally another neighbor's boxer / daschund mix just sort of moved in with us because they kept leaving her outside without water, and she was an accomplished digger and escape artist who discovered we kept water freely available for our dogs.    We had six dogs for over 10 years, and then about three years ago they started dropping like flies.  We had lost all six to a combination of old age and mishap over the course of about two and a half years.  My wife almost swore off pets altogether after we had to put Brew down.  :'(  And then I came home from work and was informed we'd be picking up a shepherd from the airport.
Her brother was named 'Pony'.
Yeah, danes are very people focused.  That goes two ways.  They will protect their people, and they seem very aware of other people who are being shady.  My wife used to walk the two siblings all over the place.  Brew didn't have an aggressive bone in her body, but Pony was very protective of my wife.  When creepers would approach her while she was walking the neighborhood, pony would always position himself in between them and her.    She told me a story of one dude who was catcalling her and started following her, she told him to get lost and Pony started growling.  He laughed it off and approached, and out of nowhere he reared up on his hind legs and just knocked the dude down and snarled at him while pinning him down.  She said he never tied to bite him, but scared the shit out of the dude.    But he was also the same dog who'd flop over on his back when squealing children charged him, and who loved to greet the mailman at the front fence every day (of course the mailman carried milkbones).
If increased voter ID requirements also came with easier to access IDs, I'd be all for it.    Having just dealt with the state of Texas to get my wife an updated ID card to start a new job, I can say that the process is far more difficult than it needs to be.  After spending $50 on supporting documents and still being turned down at the DPS office, we ended up driving back to Louisiana and renewing her expired ID there because of the time crunch.  For a lot of older folks with spotty records, I can see the process being next to impossible and prohibitively expensive on a fixed income.  Like my grandmother, for instance.  If she lost her purse, trying to run down supporting documents like a birth certificate from 1930's Mississippi, or a Hawaiian marriage license from the 50's, might be effectively impossible.
There's also simply sitting down with a lawyer for the consult and discussing how to pay.  Many lawyers will work with clients on setting up payment plans or otherwise making arrangements.    They're people too, and they understand that most folks won't be able to pull a few thousand dollars out of their ass overnight.  Even more to the point, many lawyers are essentially small business owners, and they have a lot of flexibility in setting their rates and making arrangements.  Hell, I have traded my tech support services to a lawyer in return for some contract review and revision in the past.  It never hurts to ask them to work with you.
Most of my GR get turned to crescent saberfish flesh.  The folks on my server have finally figured out there is still a demand for the draenic utility pots, and the supply has jumped in price.  True iron ore can usually be had for around a gold, but the fur fluctuates wildly.  I buy when it is low, make gliders, and sell them until I run out.  I've sold over 20,000 kits since legion dropped at an average price of 13.5 gold and a crafting cost that hovers between 5-7g.
