I had this at BSP and at Three Taverns, IMO it's the best beer 3T has done so far and one of the better IPAs I've ever had.  I really, really like this beer.  I know everyone's palate is different but I would definitely say give it another shot some time.  This is also a great example of how small changes can give you a totally different beer.  I'd bet if you didn't know beforehand you'd never guess the only change between this and A Night in Brussels is the yeast.
99x was the last great radio station I remember in Atlanta.  I can't recall any specific song that was my favorite but I enjoyed most of it.   I remember hanging out at the Atlanta Beer Garden for Resurrection Sunday.  Good times.
Plastic fermenters are fine.  That little Mr Beer fermentation barrel is actually handy for small, experimental batches.  I know people rave about glass / stainless but I have several plastic fermenters and I make damn fine beer.
Had a buddy in from out of town last night and hit Wrecking Bar.  Had a killer burger as well as their gose, saison, barrel-aged imperial red, and stout.  Also tried Moon River Foras, amazing beer, try it if you get a chance.  Sampling my homebrew ESB right now, pretty tasty.  Doing the ATLbeer brew day and bottle share tomorrow and it looks like we've got a ton of amazing beers lined up for that.
I've bought grain by the bag via my local homebrew shop that they get as part of a large order with a local brewery.  Everyone wins there.  I'll pay $1.79/lb if I buy in small quantities but can drop that to $0.70/lb if I get a 50 lb bag.  Saves me $10-$12 per recipe.
I'm going to this.
Thanks to all those that joined us for the event and huge thanks to Thomas at /u/SHBmarietta for hosting us.  The brew day went well, to be honest Thomas did all the work while we drank - just the way I like it.  The beer will be ready in about 6 weeks.  Those that attended will get one 22 oz bottle each, once it's ready we'll work out logistics.  So many amazing beers were shared.  Highlights for me were the Wrecking Bar Mexican Siberius Maximus, Trillium Pier, HF Anna, Mexican Cake, Yazoo Deux Rouges, Epic Brainless on Cherries, and FW Velvet Mocha Merlin.  **I know there were a lot of other pics taken so if you have some please post them up!**
I don't brew the same recipes often and since many of my beers aren't "perfect" I tend to tweak them next time I brew them.  That said I have a saison I really like and I've brewed it several times with consistent results.  I haven't nailed a stout that I like yet, but I've got one in the keg now I think has potential.  I also brewed a pumpkin ale last fall that was one of the best I've ever had, we said the real test there would be to see if we could do the same again.  We'll find out in a few months!
Yes, I do.  However sometimes I don't for one reason or another, never compared the taste between beers I do and don't cold-crash, I'll have to remember that.
Thanks.  I do everything you mentioned with the exception of water chemistry so I'll start looking into that.
Thanks.  I keg my beer but it's not a sealed transfer, I'll look into that.  I buy the hops fresh and then vacuum seal and store in the freezer what I don't use.  It looks like the next big thing here for me is to look at water chemistry.
Most of my less hop-forward and lighter beers are better.  I'm working on my methods for dark beers, malt bitterness and astringency have been an issue for me.  I haven't monitored pH yet, but our club just bought a pH meter to share so I'll start looking into that more.  Next brew is a Berliner Weisse.  We take a lot of notes but each time I brew I think of something else I should start making notes on, continuously improving that aspect of our brewing.  I've got a Mexican Imperial Stout in the keg right now that I think is going to be solid, just needs a bit more time.  Also a American famhouse brett that's right at 2 months old, I used WLP670 on that one and I've heard 3-4 months is the sweet spot for it.
Correct.  But they do plan to move to Atlanta as soon as they are able, they are looking at locations and brew equipment now.
I don't drink it as a beer.  Even without the alcohol it is a damn good root beer.
What all do you take notes on during your brewday?  I'm working in improving my process and I take a lot of notes as is, trying to see if I'm leaving anything out.
We'll do that once we are sure we can get a group together.
They do bottle but I'm not sure if they distribute out of GA yet.  My favorite from them is Eschaton, quad aged with wine soaked oak.  It's a great beer.
Dinner time'ish.  I'm thinking 6-7?
You hiring?
I was speaking to a local brewer the other day and he said that one of the things he enjoyed most about homebrewing was the social aspect of it.  Their homebrew got very popular and on brew days they'd have a garage full of people. He said the popularity is what made him believe they could do it professionally.  He said, "So we did, and now come here and brew alone."  Not all bad though, they are in a smaller community and have a nice tasting room and they always hang out and chat with people about the beer and brewing.  But the day-to-day aspect of brewing the beer is very much a job and not remotely close to how social homebrewing is.
None of those fit my skill set but I am a technical recruiter so if you need help finding candidates for those spots let me know. ;)
Figures.  I ordered one this morning for $15.99.  Oh well, not a huge difference.
I'm going to go with him on Monday and try to change these stats.
I recently brewed a Mexican Imperial Stout, it's delicious.  It's also 410 calories per 12 oz.
I use a program called Beersmith and it calculates the calories based on the recipe.
My homebrew club did a malt tea tasting on Friday, all base grains.  We were surprised how much difference there was between them.  We tasted Rahr 2-row and Briess 2-row and they were very noticeably different.
You're assigned one at birth, at least that's how I got mine.
Oxygenating is definitely worth it, I noticed a huge difference in my beer after adding this step.  Howe are you oxygenating?  I recently changed my process after reading an article (in BYO, I think?) about it.  I used to turn my regulator up full blast thinking the more O2 the better, this caused a lot of foaming and bubbles.  The article stated you want to oxygenate very slowly, ideally not getting any bubbles escaping the top, as that is O2 leaving your beer, and you want it all to stay in the batch.  It makes sense now that I think about it, I just didn't think about that before.
I've been brewing for a couple years and have done probably 35 batches, I do from scratch / all-grain.  I've got a buddy that always brews with me and we usually have a few more join us, we make it a social thing and usually bottle share as well.  It's a good time.
A ton of reading/researching, a lot of trial and error, a lot of mediocre to shitty batches of beer.  A lot of people get frustrated if they don't make great beer right out of the gate but like anything else it takes time to learn the right things to do.  There's a lot of science involved in getting everything to happen at it's best.  I think most of my beer is pretty good now, and some of it is really good.  I've won a few medals for some of my brews.  I just brewed a Mexican Stout that is awesome, a couple friends say it's as good as or better than Mexican Cake, however they may be biased since 1) they're my friends and 2) free beer! :)
I live in GA, on July 1st we'll be able to take home beer directly from a brewery for the first time in recent history.  However... the law is written where the breweries cannot directly sell us the beer.  We can buy a tour package that comes with a "free souvenir" of up to 72 oz of beer.  It sounds ridiculous, because it is, but it is pretty awesome that we'll finally be able to take home beer from the breweries.
I've never heard that stat about the gun right, and I live one town over from Kennesaw.  However Kennsaw in general is a pretty chill suburban town, I doubt there was ever much of a home invasion rate.  The law about gun ownership is on the books, but as you might expect it's not something they enforce.
Pretty simple recipe on this one with 85% pilsner and 15% wheat plus 1 lb of Simplicity syrup.  FWH addition of 1/2 oz Hallertauer, 60 min addition of 1/2 oz Saaz, and 10 min steep of 1 oz Mosaic at FO.  I used WLP670 American Farmhouse with Brett.  Started fermentation at 72° and ramped up over 5 days to 85° for another 9 days.  Transferred to secondary at let it set for 10 weeks, bottled it yesterday.
DPrimary was done in my ferm chamber. Transferred over pretty full in the carboy and purged with CO2.  I checked gravity 3 weeks ago and no sign of a pellicle, left it alone until yesterday and was pretty surprised myself at the pellicle since there was no hint at anything 3 weeks ago.  Fermenter is a Better Bottle with basic airlock.
This is my first time brewing with Brett.  Others said I must have had a lot of oxygen intake to get a pellicle like this.  When I transferred I purged with CO2 and 3 weeks ago there was no sign of a pellicle.  Only time I can think that oxygen could have gotten in is when I checked gravity 3 weeks ago.
I use an inline RV water filter and a drinking water hose (Important!  Don't use a regular garden hose!) and get all my water from the outside tap.
Thanks for the tip, I hadn't thought about that.  I normally brew 1-2x a month so perhaps I could get something to store it in with water.  The filter comes with rubber caps, do you think capping after use would be sufficient?
Dammit, this is going to cut into my beer money.
[My dog sleeping.](http://i.imgur.com/U3Rh6lp.jpg)
I just spoke to Scott and got some clarification here.  If anyone wants to TRADE bottles that is fine but we CANNOT OPEN anything in the parking lot.
I didn't think it was that confusing.  There were prices posted and it had been mentioned earlier that tonight was a bottle release only.  Scott has been posting various updates in the threads here and I guess if you didn't see each post things could seem confusing/broken.  Like Divo mentioned I have another thread on here now covering the pricing breakdown with some examples, hopefully that will clear up any confusion.  Apologies if I was short in my previous comments on this, I did think everything was pretty clear and that questions were addressed but it seems that was not the case for several people.
About time for bed, fun night tonight with lots of great beer and great friends.  Happy New Year!  Here's to an awesome 2016!
Thanks!  We're excited to get things kicked off!
Thanks so much for checking us out!
You got it.  Each week I'll post a reminder and a show synopsis, then once it airs I'll add a link to the stream.
Thanks, Dan!  We really appreciate it!
Thanks!  Glad you enjoyed the show!
Thanks!  I appreciate you giving us a listen.
Made a batch of spiced pomegranate mead yesterday, went to a bottle share, then caught [Puddles Pity Party](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EX0zCA7Fe6I) at Smith's Olde Bar.  He puts on a great show.
I spoke with the bill's sponsor, Rep. Brett Harell, last week.  He's bringing it up again in this session which convenes on 01/11.  Rep. Harrell and the GRA will hold a Twitter chat on 01/11 from 3-4PM to answer any questions about the bill, use the hashtag #BrunchBillChat to participate.  I'll be in touch with Rep. Harrell throughout the session and I'll cover the progress of the bill on [Beer Guys Radio](http://beerguysradio.com/).  Our show on 01/09 will focus on the state of beer laws in GA - where we stand now and what's coming in this session.
