I want to but I'm afraid I won't go back to sleep.
I plan to choose certain toys to fit the theme of each expansion as well as experiment with different toys to find out what each normal cat's top fav 3 toys are.
I wish I had the gold to give you for this.
I'm very torn on him! I do like him in his rain, but I like seeing all his markings... (he comes to the rail because it's a rail, like the thing trains run on....)
Correct, they're on their lonesome with the rail. I prefer getting solo pictures with the rares xD
Oh that makes more sense! I'd seen a lot of cats who had black tail tips have white under the kotatsu and was very confused.
I dated a Kenyan who was raised until 12 in Kenya, but his two siblings (both parents African) were raised in the US. Heritage-wise, they all were "African," but my ex was the only one who spoke an African language (Swahili) and culturally they were all pretty "white" (in their own terms). Their mother (South African, not white) would mock them sometimes by calling them, "Shaniquaesiasia," but that's about all the "hate" I saw. I think some Africans are put off by the Roots movement due to the way it kinda "bastardizes" their culture, but it's not Black folks fault they can't trace their heritages fully.  I think it also can be explained by how whitewashed African culture is.
I passed by my sister's boyfriend's open door and got a glimpse of her on top of him, both naked. Her boyfriend would later abuse her, hold her against her will, brainwash her, starve her, and that sort of stuff. This was before the holding but well into the brainwash.
When I was 12 one of my friends deserted me because I wasn't popular enough (I was a weirdo). My mother called her dad about it without consulting me - really helped the bullying at school, let me tell you.&lt;/sarcasm&gt;
What /u/Belicia said, as well as the fact that you're comparing everyone to her. You keeping looking for HER2.0 when really you need to look for a new woman all together. Think about what you liked in Her - now also think about what you didn't. Try to find these in someone new.
Knit, draw, read, clean
Sleep sex - and it was amazing.
To this day he still thinks we're compatible.
It's called sexsomnia! I was dating a guy with it and I was half-awoken to him unconsciously fondling me. Because I was half-awake all I knew was it felt good and went along with it. Only sex I've had where I was completely in the moment and it was awesome.
Originally it was to stop masturbation (they also did it to vulvae and put acid on the clit :D), but obv that didn't work. Then it was, "I was, so he should be," and a host of excuses to make it so.
I won't say which fruit - because a quick Google search will bring you straight to my town - but my town celebrates this NASTY fruit every year. We have a whole damn festival around it, of them pickled, fried, baked, sautéed... But most people recognize they taste like shit except for a lot of the locals.
It's my face so if I lose my phone someone can return it to me easier. My background is my cat who is 15, senile, in kidney failure, and could drop dead at any moment.
Yes, it made me unconsciously think if I was in pain people would forgive me, so I started cutting or punishing myself in some way if I fucked up. I don't anymore but I feel the urge to.
I stabbed myself in a main vein when I was making art :D
Non-sexual boob-possessor, can confirm boobs other distract me.
I thought this was new! I've been using it on the iOS mobile app and am really loving it - I'm sure communities like /r/popping and /r/whatbugisthis will really appreciate it, since they're almost completely picture based.
Dude asked for my panties from a car. I was 14. He was fondling himself through a rag while he did this.
Slept with a sexsomniac - was great, 10/10 would do again.
I have really vivid dreams, but this one from when I was 6~7 sticks with me (probably because I had it again.  TL;DR: I went from 90's kid Weeaboo to moon Soldier Father to myself in 3rd person in about a minute.  I was Ash Ketchum (1st person PoV), standing on this quilted expanse with Brock, Misty, and Tuxedo Mask. Tuxedo Mask said, "The shipment of Squirtles and Wartortles will be in tomorrow." "But I want to wait for them!" I protested. "Then you much chose a guardian." As Tuxedo Mask said this, the respective Pokémon floated up from the floor. Suddenly, the whole setting transforms into the moon, and a UFO flew by from my left while an astronaut walked by my right. TM announced them to be "Baby" and "Grandma" as they passed. I looked to my right to see TM standing by the engine of a bullet train, another to his right, both on regular train tracks which only go out behind them. He gestured, and I got in. As I looked around, I saw pictures of some white military dude (that I recognized to be myself) with a white boy (around 5) and a black version of Nurse Jenny. TM told me I have to shoot down his astronaut before it reaches the top. I looked out my windshield to see two astronauts scaling a waterfall of moondust and small moonrocks. Assuming my astronaut is on the right, I stay shooting at the one on the left using this thing like those water cannons at fairs. Only this one shoots laser darts like from Star Wars. I do this for about five seconds before the kid from the pictures suddenly comes in saying, "Daddy!" To which I reply, "Son!" And hug him as my wife (the black woman) comes in. Suddenly *I'm* shot and my vision tints red (like when you're about to die in a video game) as I fall backward, saying, "I'm a goner, I'm a goner." As I hit the floor the engine shoots backward on the track, and I say, "We're not going to make it, there's not enough fuel." My PoV floats through the back of the engine to see we are moving past a bright cliff face, with greenery at the top as well as another set of train tracks a train goes over. My PoV continues to go out, turning around to look at the back of the engine as my son leans out it. This reveals that we are over a large ocean, with long, wooden braces being the only thing holding the track up. Suddenly, I - my real self, not my dream self - swing out of the back door, lose my balance, and grab the kid, causing us both to start falling toward our deaths. Both times I've had this dream I wake up when this happens in a cold sweat. The shooter portion only happened the second time, but the rest was consistent. For time frame, I'm nearing 22.
For me they're physical - like a limb falling asleep, but with pressure. I can feel them coming on and try to put them off but I can't. They're promptly followed by nightmares.
It's usually I lose romantic feelings for them in a relationship - I can own up to my fuck-ups, but I hate that I can't control my affection. I know that's part of what makes it special, but still.
I believe it's all coincidence, but I've had a few premonitions. I also used to have day hallucinations (now they're only when waking or falling asleep) so I take it with a bag of salt.
Actually I know skinny people with a thing for it.
My mother expressed a similar sentiment.
Having my hair played with.
I'm always panicking when I realize I'm stuck in a FA loop, but I try to check a detail to see if I'm really awake, and if it's wrong I try to wake up again. The next time the detail is fixed, so I have to check another. Haven't had the brains to check my phone in a loop yet (again, always panicking), but when I got stuck in one while sleeping over with a friend *it actually put me in bed with my friend and made a predictable event happen*.
Can I borrow him? ;_; My brother has his dog for it.
I HAVE THESE LOOPS ALL THE TIME AND IT'S HORRIBLE ;_____; But it's good to know I'm not the only one who does.
I used to work in the produce department and a lot of our food had nail marks in them...
Interesting! I'll try if I remember to.  How strange - and you don't regret the tattoo?
The pins&amp;needles, pressure, and ringing? I'll let you know what I find out, I'm getting a sleep study soon and going to my consult today.  EDIT: The sleep specialist is pretty sure I narcolepsy, but I cannot afford the sleep study to confirm at this time.
For me it's at night, I rarely nap because I'm afraid I won't be able to sleep in the evening and have things to do.
My issues is I didn't know to only use my bed for sleep, sex, and illness recovery.
My fellatio, cunnilingus, receiving-vulvar-manual and giving-penile-manual virginities: We don't talk a lot because he moved away, but we're alright. My penis-in-vagina virginity: He ended up being emotionally abusive, soooo... My giving-cunnilingus virginity: Still great friends, talk very often. My giving-anal (with a toy) virginity: Still friends but we have busy lives My giving-anal-manual virginity: Dating this love &lt;3
Pills are more effective, so what at least I'm going for them *both*. Pills were no problem with me besides a *very* minor side effect, and condoms can be a pain in the ass as well - especially if you're allergic to latex. Condoms also have a waste concern (I recognize pills are changing our water balances as well). I'd really like for them both to be available and for people to have to answer questions on the drugs (preferably *any*) before they can buy them.
I really suggest harnesses to all of you, even if you have to carry your cat around. They are so less stressed out when then can roam around the car.
Our lab-mix would sit in our wiener's bed all the time.
I was afraid most wouldn't get the joke because they don't know that they call the "vagina" is actually a "vulva" (the vagina is ONLY the tunnel).
I like to reply, "Well I didn't ask that yet, but I'm alright."
I had to teach my dad what a vulva was :I Luckily my parents never really shamed me about my body, but they never taught me how to properly clean my vulva (pulling back the hood and etc) or told me directly that masturbation was okay (extramarital sex was not so all of my siblings and I assumed masturbation wasn't, either). I think my first sex talk was at 12? But my sister was obsessed with genitals and etc so she told me a LOT about it before then.
Well can't see your vagina, since it's inside, but your *vulva* looks lovely :) Exciting color change and so much to suck on. As someone with a "porn vulva," trust me, it's so much easier to be pleasured when your labia are long and suckable. And that shaft length (your clitoral glans has a shaft behind it, everyone's does) must make it so easy to suck and rub! I bet it'd feel really good for you if you or someone else stroked up and down its length, especially since all that hood would pass over your head a lot. I'm super envious!
It's also damaging to men who don't fit the mold! Someone asked my companion why he didn't sleep with someone when he had the chance to and he was like, "??? Because I didn't like her???"
My companion, who is a man, is a wino :D I got him wine socks obviously intended for a woman and he loves them.
Thin people being ignored by doctors is bad, too? My brother wasn't diagnosed with hyperthyroidism until he was 19 when he's been skin and bones all his life.
We pay extra to get stuff hemmed :D
