It's a bedroom door so you probably can't hurt anything. The problem is that you loose 1/16" or more of door space at the closing side and this usually causes issues of jamming, tightness, rubbing, etc. If it does not and you can live with the "custom" look, OK. It's not that hard to carve out the space for hinges with a chisel, but there are risks of damaging surrounding wood. There are tools for it, but old craftsmen can do it quickly with simple hand tools. Scribe the position with a pencil or whatever. Take the chisel and hammer in the perimeter. You are both marking the position and setting the depth with this procedure. Then chisel in from the edges to avoid damaging other areas. Try to go about the right depth. You can shave the space deeper as needed. One key to his is to have an ultra sharp chisel. I would be using a 1" or so, but I have an assortment.  Actually, what I really do is use a Dremel type rotary tool with a router bit free hand if necessary or with a small table. Depends on what tools you have. But I still would set the depth with a chisel on the edges for accuracy. PS&gt; A "5-way" tool also works as a good chisel for these.
Based upon reading your answers to the posts, I surely suggest you contact a professional for service. You will end up paying for a service call. The actual repair could be very minor. There may be some simple reset. On the other hand, a control board may have been damaged by the surge when power came back on and that would be costly. I lost a security camera to such a surge this summer. I think this is your best move.
I've ruined lots of glasses and screens with compounds. Be sure to post pictures of your results and the technique you used.
Congratulations! Your reply makes my day. PS&gt;Yes, sometimes I just scribe the pattern with a utility knife.
Buzz killer here. This is the time to consider various ways to gain a job skill. Either go back to regular school or a trade school of some kind. Learn how to cut hair or something. I realize these things take start-up funds you probably don't have. There must be "gub ment" programs available. If this direction fails, find a job with a tradesman who could eventually sponsor your for a trade. My details may not work for you, but the direction is bullet proof. Your first goal should not be a job and money. It should be finding a way to improve your skills.
I don't drink at all-any more. I work out constantly every day and keep track of my pulse and bp. My resting pulse is from 38-46 as a rule. Rarely, in summer it will spike to 98 or so. I know I'm in trouble and that trouble is dehydration. I need to re-hydrate to avoid an afib type situation. Dehydration is related to alcohol consumption. I suppose as a laymen that might partially account for your experience.
Speaking as a long term wearer of glasses and frequent flyer on the accident express here. I have had body crashes while skiiing, running and biking that involved head and eye impact while wearing glasses. At no time has a lens ever done more than crack or get abraded. However, the frames have done substantial damage to my face and eye area. One bike accident required a dozen surgeries to the eye area that cost 10's of thousands out of pocket. I have always wondered if not having those frames there would have saved me damage or allowed worse actual eye damage. On the other side, I also spend time in the woods and frequently am impacted by branches that hit the lenses and they prevent what might be serious corneal damage. So there is a trade-off. As far as the difference between cheap and expensive frames, I can't see how a cheap frame would hurt you more than an expensive one. Sure, they might break and require replacement. But an expensive frame is not going to save you from damage either.
I can  hand feed pencils fast enough to sharpen more than I'd ever use.  People still use wood pencils?
Those adapters seem pretty solid. The drivers load and it works. You will see Windows doing its fine work. The glitches come more with the headsets, mainly the cheap ones that I bought too many of.  Sometimes they pair up. Sometimes they don't. Sometimes they appear to be paired and still don't work. Sometimes the mic doesn't work, but the earpiece does. So stick with a reputable source where you can get a full refund or return. My worst experiences have been with eBay direct shipments from China.
I use an unfolded paperclip for emergencies. For example, when shopping for a TV in a store or garage sale without a cable hookup, at least you can tell if there is any picture on any channel.
If you have an old extra computer with any Windows OS you can buy a cheap web cam for $15 bucks and install it to free iSpy with motion sensing. Just let it run. I changed to this route from true security cams after many failed after weeks or months. I find web cams bullet proof. Of course you need one that will focus at a distance.
Some will automatically do that up to five minutes. It's a feature that saves time. I'm all about using as few clicks as possible whether it is the computer or microwave. I use the microwave many times per day cooking anything from eggs to sweet potatoes. I will use a time like 1444 for 14:44. Over time I know about what I need. For example 777 is really 8 minutes and 17 seconds in microwave language using modular arithmetic.
I have weighed 123# and 206#. I have run marathons at 123# and 176#. I have eaten junk and good food. I keep daily records. I can say from experience that exercise seems to have almost no affect on my weight beyond the temporary day or two. As a compulsive exerciser, I can exercise as much as six hours per day. I get no weight loss without cutting calories. I believe that  the body adjusts to these things and prevents too much loss by cutting metabolism. In my mind, all a person needs to do to lose weight is eliminate sugar, treats and any food that is processed. No boxed cereals or products with more than one ingredient on the label. Do this and go on about your life. You can expect your weight to normalize over time.
I did not mean to imply that your microwave is any more dangerous than another. It's just a general admonition of safety. There really is nothing of consequence to burn in  a microwave. It is a metal box. If food containers overheat, plastic can produce smoke and tiny plastic pieces all over the living space. And the smoke from my inverter board fire was thick and came on strong. I was standing right there and smoke filled everything before I could stop it. Panasonic could not fix in in 2.5 months. They put three sets of inverter boards and main boards in before the appliance company/Panasonic gave up and gave me a brand new unit. Now I stick close.
The down hill neighbor is usually responsible for maintaining the grade. It sounds like the tilting retaining wall is not performing. This can only get worse. Check your local building ordinance people if possible to see if this is the case. If so, begin addressing the original problem before throwing money at your side, which you may ultimately have to fix as a practical matter.  PS. I just invested $12,000 to repair my 150' X6' retaining wall. The neighbor's driveway has sunk down near the wall. My insurance company(SF) says he's on his own.
I was 35 and paying more taxes than I was bringing home. I decided to stop working on the supply side and work on the conservation of resources side. Now some 35+ years later it is still working out.
In my opinion, hospitals play a financial game with the players, namely insurers and Medicare. If they accept federal funds, they are required to provide a certain amount of free care. Emergency rooms take all comers if they are provisioned to do so. When a homeless person comes in or someone else without insurance, the hospital bills them the full boat. It's an inflated figure. Then they make a feeble attempt to collect and  write it off. This high bill allows them to have a higher average price for their service. Then Medicare/Medicaid comes along and allows 50% of the average price and the hospital gets what they needed all along. This is just my general concept of what may be going on. My brother was in the hospital for three months and uninsured. His bill from the hospital alone was about $300k. The hospital offered me, a brother, a quick deal if I'd just sent them a check for $150K. I declined and they wrote the whole thing off for the $300K.
I and maybe many of the people here are not the norm. I took everything apart from childhood. I longed for my own tools. Owning these skills is very satisfying. But the person who specializes in brain surgery or selling real estate can make so much more money on their specialty that it would be downright silly for them to contemplate repairing their own TV. I can buy a $10 Pixi Glitz smartphone. Why would I repair it except for fun, which I do? That's just the way it is.
This smell should be gone soon. It always is with my sealer.
I surprised as I have cleaned my many laptops with various solutions and had no problem beyond streaking causing re-cleaning.
I don't know anybody with that type of shoe, but I will keep looking.
It happens infrequently to me, but I have been in rain storms so intense on the road that you see nothing. You  keep going slower until you stop. This in itself is very dangerous on the X-way. I would think an autonomous vehicle would be forced to stop and take their chances with a wreck from behind. It's nearly equal to human judgment at that point, but the lawsuits would abound.
I would not throw it out. After all, you can use is subject to the focus issue you know about. A Canon forum might provide specific repair information. They are modular. They will  come apart. I see the lens assemblies on eBay from time to time and they can cost as much as a used camera. Fixing with purchased parts is a fool's errand. Learn what you can on the Canon forum. You  might buy one of these being sold for "parts only" on eBay and get the lens cheap. Or you could buy a used one that works and have this one for backup parts. I could never bring myself to throw it out.
So after all I said, it reset itself. Great. My treadmill has done the same thing.
I had a friend who called everyone "sunshine." Who does not want to be linked to sunshine?
You've been told right. I download everything to avoid the drama of connection problems on the treadmill. Seems there is EMF feedback from the DC motor that takes out the connection.
I got seven computers running and I never bother to image any more. I never get viruses or BSODs either. But I have repair disks available and copies of all versions of Windows 32/64. I keep a backup of all my main files on multiple disks so nothing is ever compromised. Even imaging has become obsolete.
That's a very old house with lots of rotten wood. The rafters are cracked and that's why they are sistered on places. What I did on a similar roof is sister all the rafters from top to bottom and apply jack studs in the middle. You could park a Buick on the roof now, but who would want to do that? I'd remove those short sister boards and do this right. Lot's of work ahead, but simple.
Copper supposed to be good for hair growth. I started taking copper supplements just for kicks as I don't have any lack of hair. I forgot about it and after six weeks my hair was falling out in the shower. I stopped taking it and that was the end of the temporary loss. Anecdotal story, but whatever.
I can fetch a stick and poop in the right place for treats any time.
It might take some time for the gas to flow. Your wife may not have held a light there long enough.
I like to to use a powered stick blender to mix paint. It does a tremendous job without creating bubbles.
I just go for walks and bike rides with my camera. Some day I'll score that Zapruder film and be famous.
Well, then go with the rivets. The 7/8" rivets are very commonly available. I found one inch grip rivets cheap too with a large flange. I use these all the time. The 3/16" rivets are much harder to pull than the more standard 1/8" people are used to. I took a rivet tool and added extensions to the arms a few inches to make pulling easier. https://www.nutsandbolts.com/large-flange-aluminumaluminum-blind-rivets-316-x-1-large-flange-aluminum-aluminum-blind-rivets-qty-25-p-3094.html
I use DMSO occasionally. Spread some DMSO on your skin and within seconds you will smell an garlic type smell on your breath. It penetrates the skin and enters the blood stream that fast. So there must be other products that also penetrate.
Not exactly a scarecrow, but confirms your concept. We have an owl statue deployed around our pool and it keeps the geese and ducks away. During the off-season we take it away and the ducks return.
That would not be an addiction to me. There have been times where I bought and consumed 20# of carrots in a week. I'm a high intake vegetarian for the most part.
The local honey sold at my vegetable store must be pasteurized. I used that for years with no problems. I also used local honey from a friend's farm with no problem. Then last summer a neighbor had a sign out for honey. The neighbor's mother had a farm and bees. It looked well packaged and very professional. But it was not pasteurized. Now honey kills some bacteria. It can contain amounts of botulism spores that are harmless to adults-they say. First batch causes no problems. I buy another 40ozs. After a few days I'm afflicted with diarrhea and other unpleasantries. I change my diet, but not the prized honey of course. The situation worsens until I make the obvious discovery. It was the honey. Unfortunately, they also say many of the benefits of honey are lost when pasteurized. I'm going back to the store bought honey tomorrow.
The position of the windows has changed over the years. You are not likely going to affect that without replacement. But the latch can be made to work again by adjusting its position. I have done this in two different ways. One way is to Dremel out the mounting holes enough to move the latch where you want. The other is to shim one side of the latch with home made shims made of metal, cardboard or simple washers. The key in doing this is proper diagnosis. There is lots of trial and error involved. I have shimmed as much as 3/8" to fix a door wall just recently.
I think you want a more professional repair, but I will throw this out in case anybody wants an idea for sleeve repairs. It looks like the ends of both sleeves has become raveled. I like the feel of something soft and warm on my wrists for a jacket when running or just outside. What I have done is find an appropriate pair of socks as donors. They need to be quality socks with the right color and fairly thick woven upper areas. Crew socks have sufficient length. I cut the sock off where the elastic weave meets the bottom. Then I fold it over to double it. I sew the donor sock to the prepared sleeve end. Preparing the sleeve end involves removing the old sleeve end. This can be done by using a seam ripper and methodically "unsewing" everything. Or a redneck way is to just cut the whole thing off with scissors. It takes practice to make this look good. It probably takes me an hour to do one jacket using a sewing machine that has an arm that can be inserted in the sleeve. It could be done by hand too.
I repair computers and was given a computer for free. I don't usually snoop, but I do casually look at files before updating for my use with the same or newer OS. I made the mistake of looking at some emails and discovered that the husband was cheating with call-girls while on business trips. Often they say that the wife always knows. I don't know, but I don't think so in this case. Regardless, I have to take this secret to my grave with a bunch of others.
I'm not positive about forever, but I've stayed with State Farm when I think I could do better on price elsewhere. State Farm took me on when I had a ridiculous driving record as a youth and others would not. And their price at the time was not overwhelming.  I've also been an AT&amp;T customer for almost forever. It's always a monumental hassle, but they have always negotiated price to my satisfaction. As of late I have learned never to bother with their "overseas" representatives. They are utterly friendly, understanding and cooperative. However, they make promises that are never executed. Find the American rep and I am successful every time.
They say if the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. I never want to be that guy. I like to have every tool possible available so everything has a solution. So my handbag would have as many tools as possible, starting with the basics of screwdrivers, pliers, Vice-grips, box cutter and a small flashlight. In fact, I actually do this already, but please don't call it a hand bag. Thank you.
I have always associated this smell with the perfume called Estee Lauder. I realize this is a stereotype, but that name comes in my mind any time I sense that smell. I probably saw that brand on various dressers or something over the years.
I think it is made to operate continually, although it will wear out sooner because there are internal parts that are wearing. Thermostats only operate for so many cycles, for example. It reaches a terminal heat depending on the thermostat and then turns itself off until the next cycle begins. If it ever overheated, it has protection in the circuit to break the current flow, sometimes permanently for the device. It also, by current standards , has a safety cut-off switch if the device falls over. Never operate such a device on anything except the floor. Always make sure there is nothing within several feet of the front as there is no safety protection to prevent ignition. To that end, most modern heaters have a limit to the heat coming out the front and disperse the heat with the fan to prevent fires. Bottom line for safety though, never leave a heater running without an awake adult present. I've had two close calls myself and learned my lesson.
I use tons of white crew socks. I mark new socks with letters and numbers on the side at instep level. I match socks after washing and fold them over. Then I can stack them in a drawer neatly.
This is a challenge. You can't see to fix it right. We don't know what types of glue you might have. We don't know your skill level and you want something magic to be set in motion before bed. Challenge accepted. Keep the glasses on while searching for supplies. This fix will use thread, floss or string. Strong thread is best. Then hunt for something to use as a splint. It has to be something you can cut to about an inch and the height of the arm where the break is. Cut two of them. You could use plastic, piece of a metal can, even really tough glossy paper from junk mail if necessary. What you want to do is hold a splint on each side of the arm where the break is and wind thread around and around. Cover the whole area moving your finger position as needed. If you could tie the thread, that would be a plus, but not mandatory. Now start applying your glue over the thread. Spread it with your finger. If it's quick drying you could give it multiple coats. Keep the glue away from your lenses so it won't mark them. Chances are most glues would clean off with finger polish remover anyway. Sometimes I will tape off the lenses by winding masking tape around them. And tape will do. It does not have to be precise. You could wind a rag around them for that matter. Take your time. Work methodically. If this works the arm will be locked in place. Best of luck.
Just anecdotal info here. I knew this man who looked like the stereotypical Down Syndrome individual. His voice had that sound as well. He behaved socially withdrawn too as one might expect. I came to know that he was trying to get into med school, having fulfilled most of the requirements. My mother used to teach special needs girls. They were all considered learning disabled. These were grade school level at the time. I met one later on who was attending Wayne State University.  People sometimes have tremendous ability that only needs to be unlocked to be recognized.
I've always mused that I could go by getting run over by a garbage truck while jogging. That is most improbably as garbage trucks make a so much noise, but the mind can tune everything out when you are in the "zone."
I bought a new $185 camera off eBay for $30 with a minor flaw in the flash. I never use the flash and this camera almost takes pictures in the dark anyway. I've been using it all year to the exclusion of six other cameras. I'm addicted to cheap thrills.
