sorry mate and thanks
Yeah true, not for that kind of money. Luckily I had IF Lamela and Lavezzi. Later I got Aguero, Biglia, Pastore and Di Maria. Now I'm thinking of just putting him on the bench since I he's great to come in and wreck havoc when the opponent is tired. Got a bit of money now so I'm thinking of combining other players with Aguero.
Hi Palmer,  I've been following the rift for quite some time, not as fanatic as I have seen other people do, but I'm still quite excited. My question is, which game in which setting/gaming setup has given you the best impression/experience of the Rift?
Bale is great, Neymar not that great because of his finishing. But he still can score a lot and 5 star skills + 5 star weak foot. I got the money to buy Messi or Ronaldo, not sure which one I will get.
I play with Ronaldo a lot in FUT Draft and I love the way he plays. He's so OP. But Messi has better chemistry with my Aguero and Tevez.
Sold my squad while players were still expensive.   My team now in 4-3-1-2 Ronaldo - Neymar James Rodriguez Vidal - Modric - Iniesta Alaba - Boateng - Ramos - Danilo Neuer  Loving this squad, especially Ronaldo, he's even more insane than in FUT Draft because the opponents are weaker. Neymar feels like an extra CAM which is great because I play everything to Ronaldo. Which creates space.
I've had that in FIFA 15. I started making another team but that fun only lasted a short time. Then I started playing other games or other modes like Pro Clubs which is great if you have a bunch of friends who play FIFA.
same, I used Messi as well but Ronaldo forces his way trough and always scores.
im so happy i didnt sell neymar for SIF benzema hahaha, dodged a bullet there
its all her bra though, she has a korean c cup i guess, which is the same as b cup in western countries
thanks man this is great, but yes, I'm sure. The thing is, she's very slim and she got natural boobs, her size is big in korea, but here in the western world, its pretty normal. But since she's so slim, her boobs look bigger. Still, hers are great and amazing.
when I see her I always think she isn't really 100% right in her head, she looks a bit crazy. Maybe she has borderline or something
I've tried it but there's no difference
yeah same for me, but its not the lag, they patched the gameplay
Man, I remember how shit he was at Ajax at the beginning, I just didnt understand why Frank de Boer kept using him, but then he kept growing and growing, and that Ajax won against Barcelona (Messi was missing but still), and Blind was one of the main players in that match. He made some mistakes, he was outran, beaten in duels etc. But still kept growing. Suddenly those 2 magnificent assists were made by him at the world cup, that shitty player, suddenly grows rapidly, and he keeps growing at Manchester United. It's such a rare sight to see really. I think almost everyone that watches the Premier League can agree Blind has been one of the most consistent players in the league and one of the better ones. It's just that his name doesn't reach the headlines a lot because of his position.
As a CS player, Widow Maker is awesome. I love her grappling hook skill. She's my best character but I'm pretty good with Genji too and most of the other heroes. But Widow Maker in the hands of a decent/good CS player is lethal. When someone comes close, I just jump down, bait them in jumping down making them walk over my mine, and I grapple myself back up, distance has been made and I shoot them down.
As a dutch person I can confirm this, but we also talk about the dangers and the mechanics. When I was young we had to watch a movie of a woman giving birth with ALL the details. It was disgusting but very educative.
Thanks for the bit of credit! haha
I hope this is a joke. Atheism shouldn't even be a thing (meaning that it's neutral), so days like these shouldn't either. As an atheist myself, this is cringy
Im not able to watch the match. Can anyone tell me how likely it is that England will end up winning the match or play a draw? Do they have a good chance to score? I put money on Wales haha, I need them to win.
haha Im sure those kinds of people are everywhere, but generally, the level of korean players are higher, at least, in the 20 games I've played there. Their teamplay is really good (not talking about pre-made). Their general sense of teamplay and knowing what to do to get that win is much better while westeners are more content with having "fun".
I know some basic korean and I can tell you it's correct :)
Bremain will win. The EU, the powerful people, the murder, everything is against Brexit :( dutch guy here, I hope Brexit wins but it wont happen. You cant beat powerful organisations with democracy. Democracy is dead.
Earlier a woman in line for a sandwich said if I voted brexit she would stab my puppies to death
Can someone tell me when a new PM will be decided? What are the conditions? Why can Boris Johnson become PM? I hope someone can answer me questions :)
thanks mate I really appreciate it
I never play McCree and Reaper because they seem to lame and boring for me. I can play with every other hero equally well.
thanks mate
edited: people are attacking me. cant share a personal story. thanks for the support guys
haha sorry mate, its been a long day at work. Im happy you got your answer now.
you're right, I'm one of those people, I'm sorry. But we have been oppressed for so long :,(
totally is padding, in her recent photoshoot, you can see her size a lot better, even when wearing a push up bra/bikini. They aren't as big as this video. Also, most korean girls wear heavy padded bra's while wearing a rashguard, like 99% of them. It's a too good opportunity to pass up to not wear a padded bra.
Next time your dad get's jail for life for no reason, and you question it, we can answer with "because it's LIFE"
I just put 3 on the choke and 3 nearby spawn at some annoying locations. Once they are destroyed I can easily build further on the choke point.
I played against him once in the weekend league and he made crazy interceptions and pushed my Emre Can with anchor off the ball lol. But I guess he had momentum on his side. Still won of course but that was pure bullshit.
I have also played thousands of games of FIFA, but I think it exists. Same goes for many people here. So that doesn't say anything really.
change your formation in-game to 41212 narrow, put CDM on stay back with conservative interceptions (same for LB and RB). Put chance creation on organized instead of free form and put it on 55 each. The plus side of this is that you get to decide when and where they make runs. It might not be ideal but it's alot more stable and relies on your passing and your chance creation instead of waiting the computer to make runs for you. R1 + pass a lot on their half. (source: I'm an elite 2 player)
yeah I also got 1 team, I dont like using different squads. Also a waste of investments
true, I got his non-IF, but I guess I'll save up for TOTY and TOTS
I never have trouble scoring against Butland, Always happy to play against him. Also no problem playing against a Musa. But I fucking hate playing against Firminho, for some reason he Always scores.
Is Bale worth it to buy now? Or save coins for TOTY? I can buy him, put him as CAM (or CM if someone recommends), and move Pogba a line back to CM (he's my current CAM), and make him play more defensive. The one that will leave my squad is IF Valencia who plays CM now. He's a beast.  http://imgur.com/a/Qe1OJ  which one?
IF Valencia, I use him as CM, basically another IF Kante lol
That sucks, I just bought Bale so I hope I can do that too
I'm not giving him information dipshit, I'm asking for myself
nice, getting downvoted for saying it's about skill, not luck. I guess the people here don't want it to be a skill based game, explains why EAids made this game to tend to the casual player.
I've made better
Elite 1, then I'm happy. Elite 2 is my highest so far. But I don't think I can reach Elite 1. Everyone's teams are getting better and better. I've seen some insane squads....
did you copy your current squad or did you start a completely new one?
I cant Im at work lol, but I have like 600k at the moment
oh Im not searching for a squad lol, I also got Ronaldo, IF Lacazette, Pogba, IF Kante and Bale already. I just have a question about the workrates in defense.
