You and I both.
I used to play a game called Guardian Legend that had a similar BS code pattern for returning to your save.  Such a hard game, such a pain to enter the code.
Bill Nye?! Holy hell, proximity to all that cool science stuff really does a number on the skin.  Must have been noxzema.
Holy hell, I missed the internet?!
Hey bro, you're late with your part of the rent again.  You're gonna have to scratch my balls for another month whenever I need it.  That's the deal, remember.
Haven't watched South Park in...10 yrs (jesus!).  Context?
Man, I'm so glad to hear that.  In my experience, ghosts are very reliable pet owners.  ESP when it comes to dogs.
I'm laughing, but somehow, I still don't understand.  But thanks for the link.  I must've gotten old somewhere in the last 10yrs.
I knew a Bosnian girl who when she would go to the bathroom would say, "It's time to watch the bearded dragon spit".       She never let me watch though.
Have you ever heard of the Internet? You do realize you can use it to find anything in a city that city may have?  Do you know how often nothing or very little comes up on any search for that area?  Do you need to drive through a place everyday to understand there is little there?  I was out there two months ago (I said I rarely go, not never) to purchase some items from someone who lives out there.  The area hadnt changed since the last time I was out there, do you wish to make a case that the area has changed considerably over the last several years?  An insult by comparing to the West End, sounds like you're the one with a preconceived notion about that part of town such that a simple comparrison of the two offends you.  I've simply said there is little in either part of town to draw outsiders in.  No reason to be so offended over facts.  I like your dig on the East End, an assumption that is where I live?  One end of town has constant new construction of businesses and homes and draws outsiders to the city, one does not. Do you know which is which?  It's a simple economic reality.  If you live in the Dixie area, why would you go to the East End? Regardless of traffic the distance is near prohibitive.  Take the Snyder from 65 heading East and you can stop at all sorts of places along the way. Do the opposite and head West toward Dixie and the Greenbelt there is next to nothing along the way.  Do you not know the city you live in and it's socioeconomic reality or do basic facts and clear observations make you feel like you're being attacked when you aren't?
Thanks for the tip.  Never heard of the place, I'll add it to my list.
My eye's started to bleed four sentences in and then my brain exploded.  I am currently lying on the floor dying, please, send help.
Do you like to talk when you're drunk?  I know I do.     Do you like to say stupid shit you have no idea about when you're drunk? I know I do.     Do you drink at home, alone, at night?  I know I do.     You can only spend so much of this time masturbating.  You either go to bed or let your fingers start talking for you.
Dad, get out!
I like making banana bread here recently. Pretty hearty, inexpensive, and easy to make. Just cut you a slice and go.
This one time, Tom Cruise and a bunch of cop looking fellas came out of nowhere and arrested me right before I was about to walk into my house.      Turns out, my wife was having an affair and I was about to walk in on her and her lover and kill them both.       Thank god for Tom Cruise and those fellas, now I only have have to spend life in prison without having had to actually kill anyone.      Pre-crime detection is so the way to go!
My name is Gato     I have metal joints     Beat me up     And earn fifteen silver points!
As my realtor explained it to me, as a listing agent, there are time frames involved that make a difference.  For the first 7 days, your agent has exclusivity to your property, no one else knows it's listed.  From days 7 to 30 other agents your agent works with can see the information for your property.  After that 30 days it becomes open game.      So, unless you have a property that you know is going to be desireable and sell quick, and you know a hardworking sellers agent, then use that agent.  If not then go FSBO.      We bought our house FSBO.  Our agent helped the sellers with their side of the paperwork without charging them the usual sellers fees, he only took his % from our end as our agent (he was also his own broker).
I went to school with one of my cousins, we were in the same class, graduated together.  For reasons I've never learned, his side of the family and our side of the family were not close, even though everyone lived in the roughly the same neighborhoods.      So naturally this cousin and I didn't ourselves have much of a relationship.  The only time in school would be when he would point out to his soccer teammates that he had a cousin the class and would point to the smart kid that kept to himself most of the time (me).      He died in a car accident shortly after we graduated.  I went to the funeral.  When I walked in, all the other kids from our class just looked at me like "wtf is he here?".  First and only time I ever met his parents.  His mother hugged me, then said I was built just like him (we were of very similar builds) and she broke down in tears.      I asked what happened, they said they didn't know, maybe he "was reaching for a fry and ran off the highway".  No, him and all his friends were heavy drinkers in high school, partied hard.  His accident was late on a Fri or Sat night, so it's pretty likely what happened.      Talk about a waste.      I haven't seen anyone else from my class die.      There was a set of twins that went to my high school, a few grades back, freshman.  One was really nice, the other a total bitch.  Over one of the breaks throughout the year they were riding an atv, the same one.  The not-nice one was driving.  She managed to flip it over and kill her sister, the nice-one.  That was sad.
Outside?  Ain't no outside 'round here.
Like default Reddit really.  I remember a time not so long ago where I would log in daily and laugh my little nuts off at all kinds of funny memes.  This was before I knew anything about Reddit and customizing what subreddits I was apart of.      Then, one sad day, I woke up, logged in and GONE, all GONE!  They'd changed'm around.  So Reddit went from funny memes to twoxchromosones and drama drama drama in a way I never knew before.      I learned real quick that day about subreddit management and never looked back.  It's not near as funny as it used to be, but it's still good enough for a laugh here and there.
I was reading this thread to my fiance.  She admitted she loves when I do this.  I almost always wear rolled-up sleeve shirts or longsleeve t-shirts.      Now I know to make sure to do it in front of her a little more often.  Not too much more, just a little.
Because someone will build in front of you, blocking your view.  The high water mark is just that, the high water mark.  There are many years typically where the water doesn't reach that high.  So you ensure to cover your damages that 1 yr in 5 that you do have a problem.     Flood plains for rivers can cover a large area and if we ignored that land we'd be giving up a lot of normally usable real estate.      For example, I live in Louisville, Ky along the banks of the Ohio River.   Sometimes, every so many years our downtown area gets hit with some flooding.  Some of those times it's bad, others not so much.  But we still use that real estate.  We have highways there, greenspace (a huge park), businesses (some at ground level, some elevated), and other things like our minor league baseball stadium and the new Yum! Center (University of Lousville basketball arena).  We're talking billions of dollars in infrastructure and other assets.  If it's built properly, maintained well, and insured correctly there is no reason to let that land lay unused.      Just to give you an [idea](http://www.kentuckycreditcardprocessing.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/downtown-louisville.jpg).
Thank you so much for that!  Now I know how to properly maintain my d*ck!
"I'm sorry I never got back to you.  My power went out for a moment and it deleted my Facebook account."
This thread makes me glad I own a jon boat in the midwest with a launchable lake 3mins from the house.  My annual expense is whatever it costs to top off my battery, taxes, and gas for the 6hp outboard I run a few times/yr.  Annual cost in the couple hundred range.      I don't have anything add though, just glad I don't have a thing for bigger boats.
In your position though, with your education, once you get into your field and out of training, it'll really open up doors for you in management/oversight roles if you're interested in that.  But at the moment, I agree, it doesn't do you much good.  Still have to earn your spot in your new career, get time under your belt, and learn your craft.  After that, the sky's the limit.  Good luck!     Oh, btw, same with our highschoolsin the 90s.  I graduated in 98 and by that time I had missed those type of class by a couple years.  My school did have a tech lab that I was really good at and I started college in engineering school, I just wasn't ready yet and working part-time at night really made classes tough so it hurt my grades and I ended up out of engineering.  Probably my biggest regret.  We live and learn.
I haven't used a public laundry in years, so glad for that.  Never again.
It doesn't hurt to try?  Some places are more lax with their policies?  A lot of cashiers don't know the rules of their own companies so maybe you can pull one over on them?  Sometimes a person just feels entitled.      A lot of people realize that they can often get their way because at the end of the day retailers don't want to lose you as a customer.  Brick &amp; Morter stores have been under attack from online business for years and every customer you have as a B&amp;M is one you don't want to piss off.       As a retailer, it's often worth it to bite the bullet on a $20 item when that person probably spends hundreds or thousands with you over the course of a year.  It's not just that single transaction at stake here.      Let's say you're trying this at a company like Staples which deals in office supplies.  Most of your customers, in one form or another, are business customers, usually small business.  Do you want to piss off a customer that spends money across all your departments all year round to run their business over a single inexpensive item?  Do you want your other customers to see that exchange?  What will they think?  They don't hear the details, they just hear you telling someone "No".
Poker, Fishing, Sex
How on earth are they going to charge you? Landlines only? Can they do that to a cellphone? I use a prepaid plan, good luck scammers!
LBJ is your co-worker then.      I mean Lyndon B Johnson of course.
I've two large maples and a pine on our 1/4 acre in the 40229, one maple out front the other out back, lovem.
I'm Spartacus.
And it ain't over yet.  Wait till the drive home.  Wait till you get home and the wife is up your ass about something.  Wait till the kids need help with their homework.  Wait till you try to get a thing or two done around the house after that.  Wait until you gotta go to bed and get up and do it all over tomorrow.
Then when he's not home go move the bed a few inches away from the wall, problem solved.      Also, may need to tighten the bolts/screws so he doesn't jerk the bed apart.
This is exactly the reason I gave when Bass Master called me to reup my sub.  Told them i stopped looking at my 3yr sub after the fortb issue because it was more than half ads. Screw magazines.
So many angles involved taking a whiz with morning wood.  Last thing I want to do when I wake up is geometry.       "Now, if I bend it down at this angle, lean my body forward at this angle, then stick my hips backward at an inverse angle, I might just..nope, still pissing on the shower curtain. Damn it!"
I used to deal so I'll be more than happy to answer your questions:  $1/hand?  I'll take it all day.  When I dealt I averaged ~$35/hr dealing.  You get about 30hands an hour if you're fast with your game and can keep it moving, which I tried to do at all times  Add to that your minimal hourly rate and you're set.  Now, of course you don't get a tip every hand but there will be other hands you get more than that $1.  Plus, if you're good and personable, you're likely to get another buck of so from a player or two when your time at the table is up.  Plus soft hustle techniques like pushing a player a big pot and then purposely throwing them one of their chips at the end into the pile you pushed them, creating an audible and visual queue as a reminder to tip.      Idiots - Fuck'm, truly.  Dealers have all the power at the table in a well ran card room.  If we want you gone, we can get you gone.  You have to have a thick skin as a dealer.  Emotions run high when money is envolved, whether you're winning or losing, especially when people are having a few drinks.  The best way to handle those little quips is to ignore them, engaging those types of comments usually only escalates the situation and slows the game down.  Arguing with an idiot only brings you down to their level and makes you look bad.  Remember, you're on the job and have certain standards of etiquette and professionalism you should be upholding.      Not playing - What do you mean, playing as a dealer?  Couldn't say if that's what you mean.  The casino I worked for (in Indiana) at the time did not allow dealers to play in the same casino they worked so as to not create public relations issues with the customers we relied on as a poker room and as dealers for our bread and butter, so to speak.      Talk shit -  Of course, a lot of dealers are players themselves and it's not uncommon to run into some of these players in home games or other venues, so having inside information is always good.  But dealers will tip off other dealers to problem players or good tipping players, or someone who's had too many to drink, etc. to keep the games fun and moving and to stay ahead of problems that may arise.  Poker is a game of trash talking so expect dealers to do the same.  Plus, good dealers that also study the game as players can be dangerous at the table, you can develop a sense for where the action is coming from and indications of strength that can help when you play yourself.  But, just like any other job, if you have an asshole that comes in, most employees are going to discuss that among themselves.
True, that would have to be terrifying, especially if you really were on the small side of average or worse.       Then, you get into "shower/grower" territory.  If you were already smallish and were a grower then I could see not ever wanting to take your pants off.
I didn't want to just come out and admit it.      ...shit.
The only thing stable about his home life was the manger!
My mother left when I was about 12 or so.  Father was never really around, in and out of prison and halfway houses.       Around 1991 or so my brother and I went to our grandmothers house to help with yard and housework that needed doing.  That turned into us staying there for a couple weeks as there was a lot to get done.  Around that time our mother came over and started staying as well.  My brother and I were young and had stuff to do between housework and hanging with friends to notice anything was odd.      Eventually we went back over to our house to pack our things and move into our grandmothers basement apartment.  Strange, but okay.     Within the year they had kicked our mother out.  Turns out she had developed a drug habit and was stealing jewelry.  She moved a couple blocks away.  Apparently she pulled the same stuff there as she eventually moved out of town to get away from the bad element she'd fallen in with.      She still lives out of town.  My birthday is this Friday and I just got a card from her.  We text from time to time, nothing to deep.  We're not real close.  She cleaned up years ago.  I was mad at her for a long time.  She spent years trash talking our father for his antics and then pulled the same trick.  I'm in my mid 30's now and understand life and it's challenges so much better than I did when I was 12 so I really can't hold it against her.  She was dealt a bad hand her whole life, one that few would have done better with.      Fortunately my brother and I had good grandparents who were there for us so in the end, we turned out alright.
I was coming to make the same joke and I don't even have a Philosophy degree.        The one guy I know that does, tunes guitars and such for a living.
When I was your age video games had one shitty joystick and button to do EVERYTHING.     &lt;glaring at you Atari&gt;
Jesus the rake.  Our boat had one of those electronic tables.  So bad.  Everyone was a fish but the rake was just, I mean wow.  High variance + high rake.  After the trip, I decided the time spent playing wasn't worth all the other awesome stuff I could/should have been doing on the boat.
She's good with the dog.  I tell her all the time she loves the dog more than she loves me.
I currently work for the post office.  I would never trust them with my banking.  Management up and down the company can barely manage the organization as is.  Having them managing people's money could be a disaster.      Besides that the post office is already seriously understaffed. They would never be able to staff or pay for a system like this.
Canadian
Awwwww....now I want an MRI!     My turn!
