Eh, it's a bit hard to say. If they're positively massive, maybe, but it's rather difficult to kill someone with your bare hands. I'm also a fairly tall dude, so I don't get intimidated by tall people (even when they're taller than me.)
I actually run both pretty well on my new computer, and passably on my old computer (i5 4430, intel HD graphics), but forgelight has had serious issues scaling up to large fights and with server performance. The multi threading update has significantly improved performance, though.
&gt;Collosal direct damage to kill vehicles   false. These were nerfed to the point where a full volley into a tank's back armor will only put it to burning. Harassers and flashes will just dodge them, and sundies take way too much ammo to be even close to being worth it. I mainly use them to fight liberators and galaxies, actually, where they actually make a difference.  &gt;(really, how they fit?!)  if I recall correctly, the P-39 Aircobra (a WW2 plane) fit 6 M8 rockets (114 mm). That doesn't sound like a lot, until you realize a single one would obliterate a heavy tank. Really, if this game was anywhere near realistic all vehicle weapons would be reverted to launch state.  &gt;Hornets are even worse - enormous range, laser guidance  Range is capped at (IIRC) 300m. They disappear afterwards. And against infantry, render range usually works out to less than 300m anyways.  &gt;great splash to farm infantry  not really, I find myself killing 1-2 infantry in a single well-aimed volley, which isn't that much considering that infantry tend to run into buildings and avoid my wrath. And that's despite having considerable experience with them- I have roughly 500 kills (Although a great deal of those are on aircraft/ground vehicles.)  &gt;to 1-2 volleys, because it is still enough to kill a vehicle  patently false, unless your vehicle is a flash, harasser, ESF or valkyrie (and I'm not so sure about harasser). This is assuming 100% accuracy by the way. Considering that vehicles and infantry are more than capable of dodging, A2G missiles are in no way needing a nerf.  &gt;well, A2A missiles can't now  I find A2A tomcats extremely effective, to the point where I'm a credible threat to AA nosegun/ AB tank ESF's (pure air) using banshee/a2am (mixed air and ground.) And that's despite being, all told, not that great a dogfighter. My only auraxium is the aforementioned banshee. Coyotes finally have a counter, but that only applies to a very small segment of pilots anyways (max stealth.)  &gt;nanorepair  it used to be overpowered, but it can no longer be used in fights. And really, unless I'm playing bail assault I'd rather use stealth.  &gt;This will make aircrafts not farming combiners, but actual tactical tools, which should be used only when neccessary - to destroy AMS or protect it from sniping tank. And when tactical task is completed aircraft will have to return for resupply. Not farm constantly.  This will do nothing of the sort, because ESF's already incapable of destroying sunderers (sunderer garages protected from aircraft), and except in small fights are unable to kill tanks. Nerfing aircraft won't somehow make them "more tactical." A rebalance, where some stats are buffed and some nerfed might, but you're just sh*tting on ESF's across the board.  &gt;P.S.  tl;dr you play exclusively infantryside and don't want anything that lets vehicles actually affect the meta of capturing bases.
Because tomcat users are a plague? I mean. I used tomcats because I had bought them long ago in my new pilot days, and if I was using banshee I was already being incredibly scummy, so tomcats wouldn't make a difference. I knew full well how unfun they are to fight.
Several PC games have been neutered because they were ported to a console. I personally watched the massive bugs and delays caused by optimizing planetside 2 to the ps4. PC players have good reasons for not wanting games ported too consoles.
Just fyi, the real reason they were banned was because a female player of planetside, after posting a picture of her planetside-centric skirt, was mocked for having big hands, and driven out of the subreddit. The person who posted that meme participated, and definitely deserved the ban. The 500 word essay thing is ridiculous, but I wouldn't have wanted him/her on the subreddit anyways.
Spawnroom warriors don't really affect me when I play infantry, but as a pilot I get nailed by a whole lot of flakmaxes/G2A heavies from spawnrooms, even if I'm playing AA/AV and minding my own business.
My problem isn't getting some ancillary damage- that's inevitable. My problem is that, as an aircraft, I have no way to make them stop besides getting completely out of the hex. As an infantryman, I could at least try to cap the base, forcing them out.
Yeah, I don't tank a whole lot, but don't exactly enjoy being near spawnrooms when this happens.
As I see it, for aircraft, the problem isn't so much any particular part of them, like dps as you said, but rather how frustrating they are to fight. As a pilot, I know exactly how hard it is to upkeep an ESF and actually make it useful. As an infantryman, or a tanker, however, you're only going to notice those times when your team doesn't have any defenses up and you get ruthlessly bombed. The solution I'd propose is, like you said, decreasing the DPS, but then significantly increasing the loiter time of an ESF. One hit kills would stay the same, but stuff like flak/G2A missiles would take longer to kill an ESF (and longer proportionally to kill an ESF.)  The idea would be to make it harder for a single unit to deal with an ESF (and lets face it- a single unit only deters ESF's right now anyways) but make it easier to have multiple targets fighting ESF's, because the ESF's will loiter over an area for longer, allowing more people to notice and shoot it. Plus, OHKO weapons will be more useful against ESF's, and those tend to be both satisfying to use, and don't cause rage with ESF pilots because they're typically rather difficult to use. Plus, ground units get more time to hide agaist G2A ESF's bombing them, while A2A ESF's care less about ground interference.  For tanks, I think the following things need to be implemented:  Coaxial MG for lightnings.  All lightning armament is changed to deal more damage to MBT's, and less to other vehicles/infantry (making them dedicated tank hunters, ESF's of the ground, if you will)  MBT's gain significantly more armour against infantry, and deal significantly more damage to sunderers.  In general, make MBT's better tanks, and lightnings better tank destroyers (focusing their AI power onto their coaxial machine guns)
The banshee is bad at killing armour, really bad and really bad at killing air. It was nerfed because it was OP against infantry. I don't want it totally reversed-- I know how OP it was (I got about 860 kills with it.) I just want part of the nerf reversed, because it was nerfed too far, to the point where it was less frustrating to kill other aircraft, no matter how bad it is for the task, because it's just that bad at killing infantry
Medic gun, medic. Assault rifles are excellent weapons, even the stock ones, and the medic gun lets you rake in cert points.  It's even better if you're TR, because we have the greatest,number of good assault rifles- the stock gun is great, the trv spams shots, the TAR is a high mobility beast, the SABR is the only good burst weapon in the game, and I've heard excellent things about the TORQ.
No, I'm not. I'd need at least 50% confidence to make a bet, and here the major options are "lose the primary, win the primary but lose the general, lose the general." I think "win the primary but lose the general" is the single most likely option, but not necessarily one with a greater than 50% probability of happening.
So all ESFs are supposed to do is circlejerk with other ESFs? I have beyter luck against lightnings. I still don't try qnd seek them out, though.
I'm almost at 1.0 overall KDR, so after getting 1.0 no-revives kdr, I want to make it to at least .75 infantry-only kdr.
GaBe is for Gabriel B, and the rest of the stuff I've been adding to my usernames since I was twelve or so because I never get to use four letter usernames, and gaberock occasionally gets taken. (I've sent plenty of hate tells to the reddit dude who stole the name and then never posted anything.)
&gt;Because ESFs are impossible to hit otherwise.  I wish. Flak, walkers, basilisks, halberds, drakes, the archer, even small arms will all make me leave a fight. I'm not going to deny your last statement, but that hardly negates my point that ESF hp doesn't make a difference when fighting.
&gt;Good god I'm an awful pilot but unless I fly over a place with loads of AA and nowhere to hide I rarely die to flak. A single walker is not a threat, if the guy is good with it you can get off 2 salvos and fly away using ab and fs to bring you back up to a fair chunk of your health back.  At the same time, I'm not going to be doing anything productive with that walker there. I've sat in a bus with a walker and personally shut down air out of a fight, killing two or three reavers. They're dead easy to use, and deal a fair bit of damage.  &gt;Give MBTs the same choice? Great, let us control the top gun like ESFs can their secondaires, and give MBTs the same weapon choices as ESFs, you know, because that makes everything balanced.  Sure, why not. Go for it. It's not like you can't just seat swap anyways. You can't drive that way, of course, but every tanker tells me hornets are impossible to dodge anyways, so it's not like it should matter, right?  &gt;Make ESFs more like Lightnings in terms of their loadouts. Highly specialised with skill being able to make up for things like AP guns vs infantry, but if you chose the wrong loadout you aren't gonna be nowhere near as effective. If I pull a Skyguard to counter the ESF slapping hornets into my ass with impunity, I become useless against infantry outside of point blank and useless against vehicles unless I can act as support for MBTs or AP Lightnings.  &gt;A Lightning costs the same as an ESF, and can be effective against ((Air, infantry, armour) Pick 2 if you're a good aim and know how to drive one right, else pick one), have to turn and run in about 2-7 seconds depending on chassis, and be clear of the fight in 10-30+ depending on terrain and chassis, and has to worry about air, infantry and armour, 2 of which can keep up.  Lightnings are fucking useless. Every MBT will destroy a lightning of equal skill. I wouldn't wish the state of the lightning on my worst enemy. The only thing they're good at is being a skyguard. That's not something nerfing air will fix. Until there's an actual reason to pull lightnings to fight tanks, rather than an equal number of mbts, I'm just going to ignore comparisons to them.  &gt; If I pick a loadout for an ESF that is good against ground, it should suck ass against infantry outside of direct hits and it should be useless against other air unless you have support specialised to take out air that you can assist.  Like how AP cannons are useless at killing anything that isn't other tanks? I'm a bad tanker, by my own admission, and still kill infantry with my AP lightning.  &gt;An MBT costs 100 nanites more than both, can be effective against ((Air, infantry, armour) Pick one unless you're a good shot with the AP main gun, then you get armour and infantry with an AV loadout), have to turn and run in 10s+ depending on chassis, and be clear of the fight in 30s+ depending on terrain and chassis, and has to worry about air, infantry and armour, all of which can keep up if it needs to stop and repair, and is under fire  Tanks are always good against at least infantry, and then likely other tanks. And it's not like ESFs don't have to worry about air, infantry and armor. Literally everything short of knife strikes hurt us, getting nailed by an AP cannon OHKO's us, and infantry can do a lot more damage in any given time frame.  &gt;. Oh, and it also needs 2 competent people to be effective at whatever loadout, and ESF can be piloted by a retard and be effective at everything bar air combat  As if. I've hopped in plenty of random MBTs and wrecked opponents. When I pull tanks, I always do so solo, and still manage to get kills. I don't know what the skill ceiling for tanks is, but the skill floor is ground level.  &gt; ESF can be piloted by a retard and be effective at everything bar air combat  How is that different from a tank? In fact, it's even easier on the tankers, because the greater HP pool grants a greater margin of error, and they don't spontaneously explode on touching trees.
So you're saying the game needs to be balanced around it's best players? In that case, hornets aren't OP anyways, because any good tanker will dodge them. If you can't, you're bad. Same goes for the dalton or tankbuster-- if you get hit, obviously you screwed up somewhere. If you can't hit aircraft with the main gun, you're obviously to much of a bad to complain about them.  The fact is, I've spent seven days flying my ESF. I don't know what metric you define as "Good," but I'm better than most other ESF pilots you'll find in the air. Maybe that's still not "good" but believing I should have no say in balance discussions is thoroughly ridiculous.  &gt;You're talking about continuing to take damage by walkers "up until render distance"  It only takes a single lucky hit to turn of NAR. Again, this is all stuff I've done myself, despite being a noob tanker. And as you said, we should balance around the elites-- which means we need to assume everyone is capable of doing this.
&gt;You do know that 2 Hornets = 1 Dalton, which can be fired either as dumb-fired or guided right?  The dumb fire mode is obviously a bug. If you feel it's a problem, campaign to fix it. I've personally never managed to make use of it.  &gt;From a vehicle that can deliver its payload in .88 seconds (as demonstrated by that dude 2 weeks ago in his Hornets video). The description isn't clear but 2 hornets = 1 dalton round.  Deliver the payload... then either act like a sitting duck while guiding it, or take evasive maneuvers that significantly detract from accuracy. Citing a video as evidence for what hornets normally behave like is like me citing Alaroxr as evidence that sniping aircraft with AP rounds is an easy feat. I'm not going to deny that hornets deal a fairly massive amount of damage in a short time, but their sustained DPS is, in practice, much lower than the dalton, because they have a longer reload cycle, require the ESF pilot to flail around like a dying fish, and getting two slow-moving rockets on target is a fair bit harder than getting a projectile that moves literally twice as fast. Plus, hornets are quite a bit harder to aim, because ESFs unlike daltons, hornets aren't aimed with freelook (Except in a buggy, difficult to make use of way, that is.)  I understand that that doesn't preclude hornets from being OP, but it's not as simple as "hornets are like the dalton, but on ESFs."  &gt;Now the Walker tickles shit. Buffed, what are you thinking, make it so it scratches instead? You mentioned "aim further down" which means improve declination, and not buff for damage. Is that you're intent?  In my personal experience using walkers (that is, mostly gunning a single walker on a deployed sunderer) I manage to get a fair amount of ESF kills. Not liberator kills, admittedly, but they're certainly effective at taking down ESFs, at least proportional to the skill then require. Thus, I suggested the declination buff so that tankers actually had a reason to use it beyond just taking down air-- defense against infantry and additional DPS against other tanks. Like a basilisk, but significantly more effective against aircraft and infantry. Maybe that still wouldn't have balanced the walker. But the fact is, AA will never be balanced if people aren't expected to use it, and every tanker I've talked to flatly refuses to use the walker. Not even for unintelligible reasons-- I understand that they want to primarily be good against other tanks, because that's what they think is fun. I don't want to use flares to counter A2AM, because I want to fight AB tank ESFs. At the same time, though, complaining about aircraft, and then refusing to counter aircraft, is like infantry complaining about getting spawnroom camped, but refusing to pull rocket launchers. Far more forgivable, of course, for the tankers, but still not the ideal scenario.  So to sum it up, I want the walker to also help against tanks, so then tankers will actually bother to pull it, so it can be properly balanced against aircraft.  &gt; AA is a joke in this game, and from what I've been able to ascertain, AA exists as a deterrent, and not to actually counter anything.   I regularly kill ESFs and valkyries when I hop in flak turrets. Liberators are still a problem, but keeping a hex clear of light air certainly sounds like a counter to me. Imagine if rocket launchers didn't kill tanks, but instead teleported them 300 meters away from the person that shot it. Sure, you're not dead, but at the same time, you're pretty much useless at affecting a fight. And the fact is, the only win condition this game has is "capture bases." If you can't be near bases, you're useless, no matter how long you manage to stay alive. And it sounds like that's going to continue even with the ANTs-- from the preliminary resistance figures, it looks like ESFs are going to be pretty useless at taking down VP gens, due ot a combination of low damage output and the inability to be anywhere close to a defended location.  &gt;ESFs aren't a problem. The damage output of Hornets in such a short time is a problem.  This is my personal opinion, but I think the alpha strike damage is the part that makes the most sense, considering the design of ESFs. Maybe their sustained damage could be tuned to be worse, so ESFs should expect help to deal with armor (for example, I can't kill a sunderer by myself, hornets or not) but a high alpha strike actually allows ESFs to be useful in high-flak areas, without (necessarily) making them OP in smaller fights.
I don't fly tomcats, it's just common knowledge.
My MLG voicepack is to good to change, but this is really damn cool :)
I made a [relevant post](https://www.reddit.com/r/Planetside/comments/3yumb0/shitpost_the_cynical_guide_for_new_pilots/)
Haha! I unsubscribed so I could make a ninja re-subscribe to be the 4,000th member!  Get on ma lvl.
She even has a sense of humor! I would barely need reddit.
I ship kakashi/anko. Partially because it tickles my fancy to believe kakashi's perverted fetish is just fat women (we wouldn't care as much, but imagine how it looks to ninja) but mostly because it pisses off Kakashi/Iruka shippers.
Huh, it seems like whenever I get nailed by a phoenix I get killed. Maybe it's just that, to get hit by it, I need to have been in a fight long enough to get small arms damage.
actually, it looks like I'm wrong for puerto rico (3.55 million, which is a pretty decent number) but the rest of the unincorporated territory is basically just military bases.
Is anyone else having the stream take a dump, or is it just my local (admittedly crappy) connection?
He asked for an explanation, what was I supposed to tell him? "Go get yourself learned up?"
&gt;It's not about having 100% accuracy. If you catch a Liberator mid-flight with 50% health, he's most likely fucked. If you catch a Liberator fighting anything in the air, he's mostly likely fucked. The airgame is about awareness and controlling your engagements.   But the exact same thing is true for ESFs, but ESfs don't also have the luxury of outrepairing even a liberator walker.  &gt;Besides, I've personally killed a couple of Liberator crew who thought landing and getting out was a good idea with the nosegun, so it's not that difficult.  I've personally killed ESFs with the dalton, so it's not that difficult. (And I have a total of ~50-60 hours in a lib, most of that either piloting or shreddering.)  Hovering around a lib outrepairing you is one of the dumbest things an ESF can do. Maybe you can shoot down their crew, but it's going to take forever, leave you open to enemy air, and likely still end up with you getting nailed by the liberator because at that close a range it's possible to hit you even with a bulldog.  &gt;And no, the Liberator cannot "do the same the thing", because it lacks both the agility and the speed of the ESF. If you get Dalton'd out of nowhere, then both the pilot and the gunner severely outplayed you, and that's fine.  How is it fair that a liberator gets to immediately kill an unaware ESF, but ESFs can't do the same? I can empty three or four rotary clips into an unaware liberator, and still lose because they just set themselves themselves, down, out repair me, and run off until either they're back at WG or I get nailed by enemy flak or air.  &gt;And no, the Liberator cannot "do the same the thing", because it lacks both the agility and the speed of the ESF. If you get Dalton'd out of nowhere, then both the pilot and the gunner severely outplayed you, and that's fine.  Liberators have no faction specific sound. If I just hear a liberator, that doesn't give me a whole lot of information. I can pick out a reaver firing its nosegun out until render range. But even with the sound increase, a liberator can get within 100m of me before I can positively ID it. And it doesn't matter if libs don't have the agility of an ESF, because walkers are insanely easy to hit with-- sure, any ESF can outrun a liberator, but no ESF can outrun a walker, at least not without taking a fair chunk of damage..  I honestly don't care about the dalton OHKOing an ESF. That's not a problem. But the fact that liberators have so much health compared to ESF noseguns just makes it far too easy for liberator crews to completely negate the effectiveness of enemy air. At the very least, walker speed needs to be brought back to 750 m/s on aircraft so it isn't completely trivial to hit air with it.
That's my whole point, though. You said it yourself:  &gt;It takes a lot of time and it isn't particularly fun to do  Nor, for that matter, is it particularly profitable, compared to killing two ESFs in that timeframe. I just don't bother engaging liberators for that reason, and that's just as good as invulnerability for them, at least when it comes to me. And regardless, the rotary doesn't have anywhere near enough ammo to spend much time attacking a single target anyways.
I got into an impromptu mosquito zerg earlier today on emerald, but for some reason the commander though that sending all 12 mossies to attack a single base at once was a good idea, when they weren't even specifically targeting sunderers. I eventually got kicked out, needless to say.
Yep. Ground vehicles don't really matter to base fights, unfortunately, and consumables are really cheap anyways, but aircraft both matter and cost a fair bit of resources. As much as I love having it (although I usually don't; TR never wins alerts on emerald), 50% off aircraft is way too good a benefit. Maybe 100 nanites off aircraft would be a better deal.
If you're in windowed borderless (or whatever it's called) brightness settings don't work, so brightness goes all the way down. I played like  that for a while, and it was spectacularly cool, but I didn't like feeling gimped against everyone else so I switched back to fullscreen.
Eh, it's not as impressive when you're in a vehicle, to be honest. And I say that as someone who spends way to much time ranting about air bushido.
Huh, I get the opposite impression of hornets-- that compared to rocketpods, they're rather UP. They rarely need to reload, which is fantastic, but I'm too skittish to stay in a fight and really nail tanks with them, so I've had lolpods auraxed for a while while I'm less than halfway through hornets, despite the fact that I bought hornets first.
It would take development time, and the opportunity cost there is that that time could be spent polishing the ANT or fixing bugs. But I did say I've decided to support this. More pilots can only be a good thing, when those pilots will be so easy to kill.
Here's one that hasn't been said-- don't try flying ESFs until you've already played enough to start certing them. I started from a really early BR, and my Score Per Hour has probably tanked incredibly bad from that, which gets frustrating.  ESFs are crazy fun, but their skill floor is inane even without having to cert their slots.
But now it's 650 certs, and my NC alt is only BR22 so I have way too much stuff I need to cert... Honestly, I might just delete it so I have a chance to at least check out koltyr (I'm bad at infantry and wouldn't fly, so it wouldn't be smurfing, exactly) and get that 2000 cert goodness.
Seriously? That's your argument? Well, from experience I know I'm not going to convince you to drop your hate-on for ESFs, so I'm just going to tick the "disable inbox replies" for this comment.
&gt;These are all assuming maxed Magazine Size as well  I admit, that's a reasonable assumption. I don't run with max mags (too cheap for the last upgrade now that my rotary is already auraxed) but I doubt three rounds make a difference. So it does look like you're more or less right, but you have to admit that it's still going to take a lot of time and a lot of ammo for an ESF to take down a liberator under realistic conditions.
Videos don't play if I have something else hogging my audio drivers. ASIO is great for low latency, but it's single-application.
While I'd hesitate to call them "economically invincible" going to a reasonably priced state college, and working, say, 10 hours/week is a pretty good deal for most majors. Not for majors like english or art history, but the majority of the people I talk to are in agriculture, or materials engineering, or chemistry, or some other major where they can reasonably expect a fair wage. It might just be my particular school or my particular in-group, but STEM fields seem to be pretty well represented.  In contrast, the kinds of jobs you go to a trade school for are the kinds more likely to get automated in the future.
To be perfectly honest, even as a pilot I don't really care; if you nail me with a rocket, you deserve the kill, even if (very rarely) I can pop FS and survive.  But I believe the intention here is to differentiate the stock dumbfires from the decimator.
It used to be 30-40 on custom high settings with 75% render and 1400x900, but now I get smooth sixty at custom ultra.  More FPS has been nice, but really, what's bumped up my K/D has been getting better at compensating for recoil and farming the everloving shit out of ground with the banshee and hellfires.
Yep, that's my goal. Or at least it will be, once I finish auraxing either the needler or hornets to get that tasty ESF lumifibre. Then I can fly with pink camo, the MLG decal, and lumifibre, and be the most obnoxiously visible thing in the sky.
Thanks for the kind words, it's nice knowing I've played so long people start to recognize my name (I still remember that esamir fight ;) ) Though really, I'm only above average at aircraft, I'm still pants on the ground.
I started at like 0.05; ps2 was my first PC fps.
Eh, I have two low-br alts that I'll eventually switch to, and I can just show those off for leet-cred.
