My 40 year old friend in Colorado posted this to his timeline. I will start with the obvious. Cutting off a person's welfare check would be a violation of the 1st amendment. Secondly the racist is angle is incredible. Not all black people in the US are receiving welfare benefits. Sigh...
One of the most horrible nights of my life. I had to watch standard cable.
Yeah the best part. When I call him on being racist he says that he can't help it he is from the "South". I point out that Colorado wasn't a state until 1876. Well after the Civil War.
That is what I tell my friend when he starts in with that shit. He doesn't bring it up around me much anymore.
I had some Simpson's game for a short time. It was when my phone started yelling at me to come play in Homer Simpson's voice that I uninstalled and deleted the app.
I am on the US west coast. I have not seen a digital price tag anywhere. Would make sense.
Wow and they did it poorly as well. It is possible to change just the hair color without changing the rest of the image. In this case the designer just altered the whole image and not just the hair color. I have worked in commercial printing. We often would change a small portion of an image to show the different colors that the product came in instead of taking multiple pictures.
I gave you an upvote for being honest about liking "The Village". No go be ashamed of yourself in the corner.
I had to use crutches for a short time after knee surgery. I completely understand the urge to chuck them in the trash.
Hell I am white and got hassled by a woman in an expensive area in the middle of the day because I was parked on the street in my car. My job has me driving around to visit people in their homes. Sometimes if I am early or need a break. I will take a few minutes and play a game on my phone or read a book. One day as I was doing this. A woman pulls out of her driveway. I was parked in front of her house and asks me if I need help. I told her I was fine. After a couple more questions. She then told me they had a neighbor watch in effect. I responded that I would keep an eye out for suspicious behavior. She drove off at that point.
Last year when it was looking like the hawks were going to lose the NFC championship to Green Bay. I told by my father in law that being a Mariners fan has prepared me for disappointment.
I knew a guy who was on LSTs. He said it stood for launch slow target.
My Father in law who lives near Detroit says that he won't go through the Detroit city limits without a gun. Too Dangerous. I am guessing he meant some of the area around the city as well.
Don't look at me. I have been trying to figure out for years where to turn in my application for millionaire playboy.
And conspiracy theories start on 3...2...1. On a serious note my condolences to his family. May they find peace.
That was my first thought as well. Seems like Breitbart panders to the absolute worst side of the conservative mindset.
Well found my spot to survive the zombie apocalypse.
I am just waiting for the zombies to wade out of the water.
Nice. I saw them at Memorial Stadium in '95. Freaking awesome show.
I don't recall life being fair.
I have about 2 minutes max in that sub before I want to go and stab my eyes out with a pen.
That was my first thought. Pow right in boys.
Bookmarking this page. I have read some of these books but not all of them. Loved Snow Crash, though I think Diamond Age is in many ways a better story. Neuromancer obviously, but they should have included  Burning Chrome. Looking forward to checking out some of the other books on this list.
I don't know a lot about your LePage, but he sounds like a real piece of work. I read this article about him a few days ago. I don't think he is just kidding that much.   http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2015/06/25/paul-lepage-really-doesnt-like-journalists/
The movie largely got panned by the critics and ignored by audiences. Personally I always liked this move for making fun of Hollywood action flicks. I think most people didn't get the joke that Arnie was trying to make.
Had a mom bring in her teenage daughter to get passport photos. The girl was on the phone. The mom asked me to take the photos. I responded sure as soon as she is ready and went to help the next customer. When I took the photo. The girl immediately pulled her cell phone out of her pocket and resumed the conversation.
My favorite on a long drive when I get drowsy is to pull over and stretch my legs. It can be so easy to start feeling like our nodding off and so dangerous.
Where I live you can't fry things in lard and sell them anymore. They put a ban on using those types of fats an oils to cook. You can use them at home but a business cannot.
I remember being so happy when I got a 10GB hard drive in the late 90's. God how things have changed.  Edit:10GB not MB
I use improved feint with my unchained rogue. It works well as far as eliminating your opponents dex bonus so you get sneak attack damage. What I didn't do was TWF. I didn't like the minuses I received on the second attack.   I am working on [Dodge](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/dodge-combat---final) and [mobility](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/mobility-combat---final) feat. I want to get [spring attack](http://www.d20pfsrd.com/feats/combat-feats/spring-attack-combat---final). This will allow me to flank, attack and move back. Since I tend to be squishy when hit.
I am a little surprised that Cruz didn't go into televangelism. He seems like the perfect sort for it.
I don't much about his family history. Aside from his dad was from Cuba, and ended up in Canada married to his mom who is American.
I had a guy do this one time. He was paying for like $10.00 worth of stuff with a hundred dollar bill. He was the first customer of the day, and we started with $75.00 in the till. The assistant manager on duty broke the bill so he could pay.
I work with older people. I have seen them get worse bruising than this when they hit a door frame.
That would be bruising. She probably fell and hit her elbow on the floor. I am sorry to hear about your dad. That must have been difficult. I hope you have found peace.
This song gives me chills when I listen to it. I think Lane knew he was going to die young.
Nope a friend of my had to drive through Oregon a couple of months ago. Was really surprised when he stopped to fill up his gas tank.
My current group has a gunslinger in it. I decided my halfling rogue views firearms as magical? possibly demonic. When we have some interpersonal interactions I make sure to ask him about the clearly evil and unsettling magic involved with weapons. He has assured me they are not evil or magical in any way.
A friend of mine had a bumper sticker that read "Nuke a gay whale for Jesus".
My Grandfather was stationed in China during WWII. He was part of the Army Air Corp. He told me one time that they were told not to help people if they saw them in distress because they would then have to care for the person.
We have tried with our son. He is six. Still leaves a turd in the toilet unless we tell him to flush. No idea why.
That is probably the problem. Most of my perks are in things like gun nut, science, local leader etc. I need to look at the damage added perks. thanks.
I had a friend like that in High School. He listened to obscure bands that made Metallica look like a bunch of pussies. Turned out his parents were hard core born again Christians. I think he mostly did it to piss them off.
What gets me right in the feels is that all the music that was the soundtrack for High School is now classic rock. Man I remember when it was just released new and singular.
Used to be the area just north Denny Park was good for catching unknown rashes. You will probably have to head up Aurora these days.
I rarely use power armor when I play. I wore power armor when exploring the glowing sea. Mostly for protection from radiation damage. If you put points into things like Ninja, Sandman, Rifleman and gunslinger, you can do lots of damage and sneak around.
I don't know what your set up for gaming is, but our group banned laptop computers at the table. I have had groups were we tracked the player sheets and some other stuff with each of us having a laptop. This also caused a lot of distraction at times. Current group has banned laptops, we do have one the GM uses to look up stuff or we can use phones to check rules. Otherwise it is largely pencil and paper.
I have always loved the [P-38 Lightning](http://www.lockheedmartin.com/content/lockheed/us/100years/stories/p-38/_jcr_content/center_content/image.img.jpg/1418140188897.jpg). This was the aircraft that shot down Admiral Yamamoto in 1943.
I can't disagree with you on that. The parents should not have let the child near the water. I have to say though, I come from a state that doesn't have any alligators. It would be hard for me to wrap my mind around them being a danger without some warning. Also when you staying at Disney World, it might not occur to you that the danger is present.
My dad was in the Navy. They nicknamed the captain of his ship Ricochet Rick, because the guy was notorious for hitting piers when docking.
