I'm a manual tool grinder/cnc apprentice/tool manufacturer apprentice. Most work I do is on a Cincinnati #2, a big surface grinder (don't really know the actual name of it), and unfortunately a christen drill grinder. I say unfortunately cuz when I use that machine I'm typically resharping drills which is boring but sometimes I'm making step drills which is ok.
I remember they advertised if you preordered assassin's creed revelations(I think that's the right one) you get the vlad the impaler sword. I bought it a couple months after it came out and I got the sword so I think it's all a show
I saw that too but there's always the possibility stopped since then. I don't know I just really don't want to get a new system cuz I don't have the money for it but for fallout.... I could save up
Don't have a pc
I went over to /r/relationships just now cuz I'm like "it can't be that bad.... Could it?" The first title I saw was [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/38lcki/update_me_26_f_with_my_estranged_husband_22_m/?sort=confidence). A bunch of idiots. I didn't bother reading the story
Dude I got all killer no filler the year it was released on my birthday and I think I was 13 haha
I ran while I had a mouth full of gobstoppers. I was at my friends brothers basketball game and obviously started choking and I ran up to my friends mom and she gently hit me in the back a few times. It didn't do anything and I started blacking out then she basically tossed me onto some guy in the bleachers, he did the heimlich maneuver and a gobstopper shot right on to the court along with a bunch of flem. The game stopped for a while cuz of it.  A couple years later I saved my friends life when the same thing happened to him.
I'm stupid so do you mean it's available for the 360?
My bad. Had to assume you didn't cuz it wasn't in the post. Sorry for jumping to conclusions. I am the moron.
I have the same one. It's beat to shit and must be twice my age but hell, it's free
I have all my trust in mommy land
I'm so sad that I live so close to soldier field and didn't get tickets... At least there's pay per view
I almost took des Plaines home today  cuz of the closed tracks on first. Glad I didn't
I'm midway through fallout 3 again and when I start new Vegas I'm going to side with the legion. I've never done it
My dad always tried to embarrass me when we went out to eat by telling the waitress he was an underwear model. Sometimes the waitress would play along and say "boxers or briefs?" He'd responde "depends"
Even though I've been subscribed to /r/news This is the first time clicking on the article so you're not wrong lol
This guy I work with always has a jar of peanuts by his work station. He went on vacation for a week and I ate all of his peanuts. I filled the same jar up with almonds and he never said anything
Ok what I did was I bought the show on my phone through YouTube. Then I went to the Xbox YouTube app and went to sign in. When I signed in it gave me a code and told me to use a mobile device and go to YouTube.com\activation. I put in the code, clicked my username on my Xbox and the clicked "purchased" and I've been staring at the countdown ever since!  Edit: if you're having trouble finding where to purchase the show type in #live in the YouTube search bar and then it will show the upcoming events
Hangover. If you have a job you should be responsible enough not to drink before it. I'll admit I did this a few times, but I don't drink on weekdays anymore.
Ok. I freaked out a little bit but I backed out and it works fine again lol
I can't think ahead. I'm blowing up every thread on this sub right now and I apologize for that, but I'm physically alone streaming the show tonight and feel like I'm watching it with all of you. This is great guys, this is fucking great
Haha don't worry about it man. That was a hell of a show!
As a smoker, the only time I've felt like I've done that is when I was angry prior to asking. I know it isn't their fault or their responsibility but I get cranky without nicotine.
I tried but they run away and I couldn't keep up cuz I was short on breath.
I gave a short "aw" in my head
I was going to ask if you were serious but I'm certain that you are.
I was pretty pissed someone had "twathammer"
Lucky for me I started matching without school now my company is sending me to school for free. I got it made.
I've never thought about a mosquito carrying the AIDs virus. I'm glad that you said they can't carry it because someday the thought would have occurred to me and I'd panic for a while.
I spend 18/24 hours a day on Reddit. It's entirely possible.
This happens every time I ask for a raise. "Are... Are you sure you want to give me more money?"
I was bluffing when I said I'd work for the competition
My dad played it all the time as a kid. Never liked it cuz I thought it was boring. Then when I was 17 I went to my dad's house for the summer and he didn't have cable so I had to watch the same dvds over and over when he was at work. One day I found his stash got high and found a grateful dead DVD and the rest is history.
I was on all day and missed this. I must have worked too hard today.
At least I'm not on welfare....yet
I love when I see a stealie on tv. I always yell and point for a second lol
Illinois
I suggest watching them all on a long weekend. I only saw the first one up until last year and I've watched them 3 times through now.
That's one of my favorite things about the movie series. You not only see character development but actor development. If I wasn't making fun of Harry Potter when it was released I would have been about the same age as them while they were acting so we would have "grown up" together. Oh well still enjoy them.
I was looking for someone smoking until I realized I must be out of touch
In biology freshman year my teacher asked "where does meiosis occur?" My friend raised his hand and blurted out "in the cunt" to which she replied "I can't believe you just said that" and he's like "neither could I..... Principles office?"  It all happened so fast that nobody laughed until ten minutes later. Still one of the funniest things I've ever experienced.
The best is when Andy comes to Scranton and Jim puts his phone in the ceiling and keeps calling it. I was in tears when he punched the wall.
There's blood in my boner if that counts
/r/plugthathole I really wanted it to take off but put no effort in it
&gt; The way he asked them were like he already knew the answers  He use to do this in all his interviews on the Colbert report so maybe it's an old habit
I'm listening to ticks and leaches by tool and right when he said "is this what you wanted?" The old man threw his cane things.
It is but I took like half of that my first time
I saw them last night in St Louis. I swear they had almost identical images of this in the background.
This made me more comfortable with my life in a weird way.
Holy shit I haven't seen vice city in for ever. Those graphics look way worse than I remembered.
