As a bi trans woman ... this is not the hierarchy of bigotry that I'm used to.
Responding just to the latter half if your question: I'm a trans woman and a feminist. I was a feminist pre transition too. The word describes my stance and method when it comes to thinking about and responding to structural sexism, ie patriarchy. I don't think that only women have the right to describe themselves as feminists, for that reason. However, I do sometimes wonder if I'd have been a feminist if I were born a developmentally normal male in e exact same circumstances. I hope not, for hypothetical guy me's sake, but being separated out from the girls and hearing the things young men said when they thought no women could hear, definitely shaped me.,  Most feminists in my social class and age group don't seem to think twice about a trans woman being a feminist. Once you accept a trans woman as a woman, accepting her as a feminist is pretty trivial.
I'm a college professor who transitioned at 28. My speaking voice is just fine. Train seriously, humbly, and with good techniques and you should be able to get a voice that sounds cis.
I realized I'm severely codependent and started taking less shit and being less enabling. I'm way less terrified of disagreeing with my friends or doing things that will displease them when necessary, and I can talk them through rougher shit without that codependent terror that I'm threatened in myself through threats to them, which is toxic.
I'm not post op, but I am deep into hormonal transition and blend in fine. The stares stopped quite some time ago. For me, transition was and is about the body. I felt really weird and dissociated in an increasingly male body on testosterone, and on estrogen I just feel like the grown woman version of my child self. My body makes way more sense; my moods make more sense; everything makes more sense than it did on testosterone.
Personally, the surprise is problematic for me. (Not that you've done something wrong, just that it's a symptom of a culture that doesn't see trans women as fully equal women.) Beauty culture has its own issues, but it shouldn't be so shocking that some women who are conventionally, beautiful are trans. Especially given how being beautiful is a particularly vital survival trait for many trans women. Looking conventionally attractive helps ensure that people automatically see us as women and treat us accordingly without question, and many of us put in the time and expense to be as gorgeous as we can for exactly that reason.  She clearly is going for beauty. It's not wrong to recognize that she's achieved it. But I'm a bit sad that's still a shock to people.
Honestly, I have no idea. Some people managed to figure out I was on hrt as early as three months, but they knew me really well and had tagged me as possibly closeted trans 5 years before.
Bedroom issues matter a lot--I honestly had no idea how good sex could be until deep into transitioning--but you will spend way more time not having sex than having it.   Key question: would you rather have breasts while folding laundry?
I always loved history, but yes, so much yes, and I can come close to tears thinking of the pain suffered by people like me. It's to the point where ancient Scythia is the bright spot my mind's eye focuses in on.
I'm toying with the idea of writing a keep-me-busy-between-projects novel or novella  in honor of the late Tanith Lee. It'd probably be a 21st century Gatsby adaptation/reworking with carefully controlled elements of the weird, gender dynamics taking front stage, etc. May pm!
I agree, and I think different kinds of deviation from a cis/heterosexual norm force different confrontations with embodiment, language, perception. I was talking to an agender friend (who makes a point of presenting in such a way that no one can tell their birth assignment, which is how they prefer it) about "passing" not as an attribute of an individual ('you totally pass! ") but as a flawed descriptor of a social engagement.   Something as supposedly simple as which sex you perceive other humans as belonging to turns out super complex. Last November, I started to find male gas station attendants and other service employees were paying me a lot more attention, being mildly flirty, etc. I can be a bit dense but eventually I started to realize they were seeing me as clearly female no matter what strangeness I saw in the mirror. When I mentioned it to a longtime straight cis male friend who knew me before, he was extremely skeptical. "Maybe they were just being friendly?" Since he's really easy to read, I realized that he actually saw a different me than they did, one tinged with memories of my past body, a sort of perceptual Instagram filter of woman-in-theory-and-intent-but-not-perceptually, whereas they saw me through a different filter because they wanted to see a woman whose incidental attention would be a tiny pleasant moment amid a tedious day.  The upshot of the conversation with my agender friend was that trans people tend to be forced to confront issues of the nature of perception because it's so often vital to our having any social agency. I'm not super big on being an incidental pair of breasts and legs to stare at, but I can't control that, only shape what people see within a limited range by sending out clear easily read clues.
No one can fully know anyone else's experience, but there are probably trans women you have a lot in common with and cis women whose experiences are rather alien to you. For example, I find that there are aspects of my experiences which mean I relate really well to other infertile women who wish they could have children, whether those women are trans or cis, and can't relate as well to mothers who've never had fertility issues, though society is far more full of the narratives of mothers.
I'm really liking sense8. I'll review it more rigorously later. I had a powerful visceral reaction to seeing her, and the girl I'm seeing told me she'd burn a motherfucker down to save me, so perhaps I saw the first few episodes in a really flattering context, but I'm liking it.
Luck has nothing to do with it (except the luck of having poor at the time but highly educated parents, which led to academics, which led to scholarships, etc). I first heard anyone anywhere speak out for trans rights in college, and I didn't want to leave the safe ivory cocoon. Knowing trans people were safer in college was actually a huge part of why I felt safer there, though somehow I didn't put two and two together
finally. /u/drewiepoodle, thanks for this--and btw, how do you handle reading the sheer volume of material you link? Do you ever feel like nonstop ragetears, maybe stealing a war rig?
Good height to be! Even if sometimes you smash your face on cabinet doors and have to fold into your car.
I hang my head in shame.
Reddit won't implode unless there's another web paradigm shift. If I didn't have the reddit trans community, idk.
Define the threat of violence. Is it when a man glares at me and makes sexual gestures because he's angry? Do I get to be oppressed as a trans woman but not as a white woman, because I do have to be afraid of being hurt or killed for it, but not remotely as much as a black trans woman would? How much harm do I need to fear before I can say I'm oppressed? What if I just want to say that the fear I'm being subjected to is *oppressive*--same standards? Or do I get leeway?
For maybe five minutes on Thursday evenings, to remember what it felt like to walk around with something dangling.   How unpleasant. Sorry. No, not anymore.
Because sex and gender are so nearly-fused in most cis people's perception and have been since time immemorial, most discrimination against people with female reproductive systems is irretrievably entangled in discrimination against people recognized as women. The dilemma of, say, a trans man who needs access to an ob/gyn and abortion rights, doesn't arise because society wants to make it hard for men to get abortions--it's a side-effect of living in a society which doesn't have mental space for the concept that some men have uteruses.   I'm not really sure what you mean by acceptable discrimination. As a trans woman, I'll be very lucky if I ever need a pap smear. (Bless me, sci fi future tech!) I'm not sure where discrimination would come into it though. I also don't think that the patriarchal power structure perceives a distinction, because I don't think it's built on an intellectual foundation that recognizes gender as thing. Frankly, there's little agreement on what gender *is* among trans people or among feminists, only a number of threads. (Personally, I believe gender to be the brain's assumptions or preferences for the sex expression of the rest of the body, a sort of software driver which usually matches the hardware, with rare exceptions that we call trans. But if someone else views gender as social classes built on the basis of reproductive sex, and someone else views gender as a matter of personal style and group affinity, then all three of us are going to need a bigger boat. and a common language. "in the land of Shinar they built a tower and called it Babel.")
Though to be fair, I'm white as a ghost and middle-class. My risk of violence is slightly elevated, but nothing like what I'd be looking at if I were a trans woman of color. I am in sympathy with the resistance, but I live in the Capital District and watch the Hunger Games on television with the rest of the liberal white feminist academics.   My most disadvantaged friends are poor white trans women with socially/economically mixed friend groups--reddit's userbase skews somewhat privileged at least in terms of social capital, so even my poorest friends, on foodstamps and public assistance, have well-to-do friends and substantial skillsets. It helps. The support systems I can rely on to keep me from being murdered are less available the less you can access either middle-class income or a powerful support network.   Hasn't kept several of my friends from being attacked anyway, but for the trans women I immediately know, the angel of death generally threatens to come in the form of an intentional overdose or a plastic bag over our head, not in the form of an angry man bludgeoning us to death.
I think they were able to live happy lives, but I also think you can live a happy life with a cancer diagnosis or with Alzheimer's, and could have done 100 years ago. Being chronically ill with a severe condition is a huge net life negative, but you can live well in spite of it. You just always live in its shadow.  Modern medical transition is just a huge help. And imagining myself trying to live a happy life as a man makes me want to scream and cry. :P
I think there's a genetic component. One of my best friends (mtf) had a grandfather who crossdressed (no way of knowing if it went further than that or would have in a more accepting time) and her mother has all the signs of a repressed trans man and routinely uses her experience to argue that gender issues aren't real, basically "because if I can be normal so can you." If that's just a random incidence, I guess it's like 1 in 20000 odds or something, but obviously it's too small an anecdotal sample to draw anything but ideas from.
A lot of us are armchair sociologists or have read a smattering of theory, but I haven't met many trans redditors who were practicing social scientists in any professional or academic sense. That may however be a reddit demography thing.
Cast it into the fire! Vagina please, what I've got going on right now is really not for me.
I'm a trans woman. For me, "identifying as a woman" means my body should be female, so I'm taking corrective steps. This wasn't less true when I still looked male. Any cultural femininity I've picked up, I've picked up for the same reason that any other woman does, mimesis, and it's no less or more legitimate than anyone else's. Don't make this overly complicated. :p
I mean, let's not be disingenuous. Clearly there's such a thing as male and female. Infants can tell them apart before they learn language. Binary trans people who transition (there are sometimes reasons not to, like health problems or family and career issues) modify our bodies toward the sex we identify as. I use "gender identity" as shorthand for "the sex I should be." Estrogen is what makes female people's bodies have female dimorphisms, and vice versa for testosterone. So I looked androgenic and now I look estrogenic. Body works pretty differently now. I pretty much corrected a severe hormonal imbalance, and I feel much better as a result.
That happened with one of my old suits, minus the arousal. Just "a man has got into my clothes! Smells kinda good in an alien way. Wait that was me."
My friend is 40 and rocks a leopard print dyed side cut. Everyone thinks she's the bees' knees, if bees were huge badasses.
I started at 28, she started at 22. Our mutual friend started at 19 and has A cups . it's genetic! And when we've all had breasts for ten years, I don't think we'll be very different from a comparable sample of cis women.
It's certainly not for everyone, but I *like* high femme, I like the big eyes/delicate features look, and I think my personality and intellect are unique enough that it doesn't matter if my form is stereotypically flawless--should be all upside except for the expense and heal time.   That said, I've seen good work from Spiegel and I do think most of the well known ffs surgeons do good work, I just like Zukowski's aesthetic. It was nice talking to him and realizing that his aesthetic matches mine pretty well. (Is not even like eye-focused face is the only school of conventionally attractive; but it's the school I subscribe to most. All the cliches about soul windows and jeweled pools actually resonate with me, and being able to play in the range between business-casual Barbie and elf queen suits me fine. Kinda scared that the first few weeks will be straight out of Kafka though.
I think it's unfortunate that gender identity is the term that came into common usage, because of exactly this confusion.  1. My body was born male. I needed it to be female in order for it to make sense to me. We call this gender identity, but I experience it more as sex self-sense.  2. Because of my body at birth, I was told I was supposed to embody the cultural construct of a man. For a while I tried to, but I looked to female people as role models for reasons I can't explain, so I didn't like the male gender roles largely because it meant I was performing other-than-female and underlining something I wasn't comfortable with. When I changed my sex, I also decided to embody the cultural construct of a woman on my own terms, doing what I wish to do and trying to protect my freedom not to do what I don't wish to do. This is "gender," or gender roles. Like everyone else, trans people must navigate them on their own terms, and feminism can help us broaden what we're allowed and how we're permitted to be as humans. And frankly we could do away with all of the expectations of this category without hurting me.   3. What about "sex"? Am I "biologically" male or female? This is an epistemological question as much as biological. I am incapable of either sexual reproductive role; my endocrinology and morphology are estrogenic; while I've never been chromosome typed, I assume my cells contain XY; and insofar as brain structures respond to hormones or are innately dimorphic, while I'm probably closer to female averages than male, I believe those aggregates are built from fairly weak and poorly understood trends; certainly *mentally* I have more in common with people of both sexes who process information in similar ways to me than I do with some abstract average of female human brains. As a matter of common courtesy, especially in a society which legally has no concept of gender and uses sex as an aggregate of both, I prefer to be identified as female unless there's a compelling interest to get more specific (if I'm about to have abdominal surgery for instance) in which case "woman with transsexual body" works.
Post gender society sounds great. I'll still want to be a human being with estrogen and female morphology, and maybe without cultural baggage people won't think that's weird for someone who was born with testes.
&gt; How do feminists reconcile religious texts that treat them as dirty, conniving, second class second class citizens with their own faith?  Speaking for myself?  Poorly.
You make your own healthy trans community through a selection process.   I met all my trans friends here. Our relationships were about 1) keeping each other sane and alive, and 2) the fact that we had enough in common as humans that we spent a fair bit of time (over 50%, increasingly so) talking about more than just trans issues.  Cisnormativity, transmisogyny, transphobia--all that's real, yes. But it doesn't work the way that paranoid trans teenagers sometimes assume. It usually isn't a chosen action performed by someone who understands what's going on, it's the social values and assumptions that lead to actions which are individually fairly harmless and yet add up cumulatively to a really rough time for trans people. So if you're looking for supportive trans friends, maybe look for ones who understand that our problems usually stem more from structural ignorance and society being set up for, well, not-us, than from scheming cis malice.
When will you be out at work? I ask because the four months I was presenting everywhere but work (toward the end I was actually just using the old name and pronouns at work but just dressing the same way all the time) were some of the hardest in my transition. That constant switch really messed with my head.
Your body doesn't define you, but it also isn't merely an irrelevant meat robot: it shapes and contains your mental experience. I really don't like the experience of having a penis, I've had one since I was born, I kinda wanted it gone even as a small child, and I'm old enough to make an executive decision to have different genitals when I can afford them.
Like my vagina grew shut and my clitoris is weird and floppy and never where I expect it to be, and I can more or less remember what it should be like, but it's not. It's fucking weird.
Realistically, a determined enemy who weighed 97 lbs could kill anyone on the planet. Your odds of being harmed probably haven't actually much increased unless you have active enemies (I know you've said in the past that you work somewhat in the public eye, so YMMV).   That said, your threats may not have increased, but the supply of force you can spend to protect yourself has likely reduced. Just going from being stronger than most humans I met to being weaker than most (most men and quite a few women are now stronger than me) shook me up pretty badly, especially as it happened during the period of time I was visibly trans. I didn't think I'd be attacked, but I knew I'd have trouble defending myself.  It's an adjustment.
I think there's a degree of "how much of a public figure was their pre-transition self" involved. Janet Mock's deadname isn't mentioned (she was not a WP-notable child or adolescent!); Chaz Bono's and Caitlyn Jenner's probably always will be. And that seems fairly legitimate to me, since people will and do seek information on public figures without expecting to get pre-fame dirt on them that isn't a matter of the public record.   Should I ever join the ranks of People I Know With Wikipedia Pages, I'm hoping that my deadname won't come up or be seen as remotely noteworthy. I haven't really done anything worth remembering under it.
If all your remaining years are academically strong and your test scores are high, you'll just want to make sure your admission essay talks about the academic journey you've taken, everything you've done to become the student you are, etc. It's very common to come back from poor early academic performance. You just want to increasingly prove yourself henceforth.  Not all colleges have the same medical plans, but you can usually find out whether any given school covers hrt and other tabs care.
Yeah, I was also lucky and very alert to the first signs that I was losing my shit, and I did a lot of preemptive reaching out to people who kept me from really devastating my reserves--was very proactive about planning not to kill myself when I didn't particularly want to die--but I've also had a fairly easy transition--divorced but not disowned, supportive friends, supportive colleagues, one of the more supportive legal contexts (NJ in the US, employed indirectly by the state but falling directly under non discrimination legislation)--in short, other people had already blazed the trail and made it fairly safe. And I still don't know if I'd be here absent any of these supportive factors.   I'm hoping we can find ways as a community and as individuals to spread best practices for not dying and also reduce or ameliorate the pressures that can put us there.
Ah, well, that's different.   I think I may have to start asking people though. I didn't realize how important this was to me.
So .... More reply to more of your post later, but  ... You can message me and talk. I have no idea if we'll be friends or anything, but you can tell me what's eating you alive, and I will get it.
I'm not happy with any of the best known visualisations, but it really isn't that complicated imo. I was born male, transitioned to female, and am a woman. My body has its weirdnesses and irregularities, but that's par for the course: all humans are literally one-off models, unique and idiosyncratic.  There are trans men too, and there are people to whom those categories don't apply very well.
Define success stories. I have a decent job (I adjunct at state universities in a mid-atlantic state with fairly high pay rates), I'm legally protected, I blend well enough that I've never had any problems this year, I've started multiple important relationships (one is tender and mutually supportive, one flashy and terrifyingly unstable but full of moments like jewels), I'm going to have FFS in probably December (I count nothing as definite until the date's booked) and SRS in the next couple of years whenever I can afford that, and my biggest problem with my body now is flabby arms, which ... disgust me but don't cause me the slightest dysphoria. It's kind of amazing being unhappy with some aspect of my body without feeling like it's someone else's body I've been stuck in.   I also deal with depression, anxiety, and rage. A lot of my friends come close to suicide fairly regularly. (We haven't lost anyone since October, but it's about time to drive up and collect some friends for blanket-fort-and-cuddles so I can keep them from being alone during a rough time.)   But transitioning has improved my life almost unimaginably and changed it nearly beyond recognition. I like being me. I love myself more than I hate myself. I could grow old with myself and not want to rage quit life.   edit: omg! thank you for the gold, kind stranger, whomever you be!
I don't think suicide tends to work that way. I'm not a danger to myself, but it's not because of willpower or attachment to life--it's just blind luck. I haven't drained certain reserves of mental energy. I can keep walking forward like this indefinitely. In case of most foreseeable shocks, I can plan for them, sustain them, and rebuild myself. But if I had transitioned just a few years later, my reserves would have been far less full, and smaller shocks would have been far more likely to deplete me enough that I just couldn't keep doing this.  My friend C transitioned twice. The first time, at nineteen, she struggled financially, she was very visibly trans, and she took public transportation to work every day--and she never thought of suicide and was mentally quite steady. But due to family pressures and falling in love, she detransitioned and got married, and a decade later retransitioned after divorce. Her anxiety was crippling and she had constant suicidal ideation.   She didn't want to want to die; she wanted to want to live. She just couldn't sustain it. She also didn't think her life meant nothing to others, and having several friends she could talk to extended her life somewhat. She was very sweet and encouraging, and quite the opposite of too proud. She *thought of* herself as a quitter, but she had sacrificed everything she had left to transition, and she stuck it out as long as she could.  *If that were enough to keep her alive, she'd still be alive*.  I agree with your message that we're not alone. I just think that "not alone" looks like a lot of late night phone calls and impromptu mid-range road trips and close calls and building habits of outreach. And even then, sometimes it's not going to be enough.  I'm sorry.
My cis inamorata has wider shoulders and skinnier hips than I do (I'm pretty much an hourglass) and while it limits her clothing selection, she's routinely called gorgeous and stunning. Unusual body features are pretty normal and fairly few people have average features across the board (if they do, we typically call them very pretty).   Trans women's bodies usually end up somewhat normal in build; skeletons are like coat hangers for the soft tissues, and don't distort the final result much mostly.
Imagine you woke up tomorrow with an enormous horn in the center of your forehead. Horns are pretty cool, right? That's seriously neat. But I doubt you'd be happy to see it. Now imagine feathers and scales began to sprout on your skin. Panicking? Now a bunch of scaly people with horns in their foreheads roll up and start talking to you like they know you. Of course, because you're a horn, you love Amstel Light and the Ravens and scowling at comedies and grunting when offered a cigarette. That's just how horns are.  "But I'm not a horn."  "Look in the mirror, buddy. You're an awesome horn."  And then you hear that you can make the feathers and scales go away. You can get the horn removed. People will stop treating you like a horn. You may actually like Amstel Light and the Ravens and scowling at comedies and grunting when offered a cigarette, or you may not. The point is, you really don't want a fucking horn.  Does that make sense? The thing that tells you that you're not supposed to have a horn and scales and feathers is your sense of body, your body map. If I cut your arm off, your body map would be kinda pissed. "But I should have an arm!" -&gt; phantom arm.  And that, dear OP, is the story of my phantom vagina. It's the story of why body hair felt alien on my body and why breasts feel natural. You don't experience that dissonance because your software matches your hardware; you're not trying to run hardware you lack and constantly glitching up because of it.   That's why we transition. And our transition technologies have gotten pretty effective. We rewrite our bodies hormonally, then if necessary reshape them surgically. And honestly ...  &gt;  On the other hand, if people want to be treated as their new gender (apologies if that is poor phrasing), that doesn't seem very realistic at this point in our society, which would just make it more difficult to live the life you want. (I know this is shitty, I'm just trying to put it in the perspective of a personal choice).  ... it is indeed shitty that we're treated as pariahs if we don't blend in perfectly. That said, for preconceptions rectification, go to /r/transtimelines. Try not to view it as a hotornot. Look at the expressions instead. Try to see the emotional weight coming off. Tell me if we look happier or sadder, and then tell me if you still think we're being unrealistic.
