its' good for pew. C5 static to do some small scale jewing/gank, null for roams. I advocated heavily for some of my previous groups to move into a hole like that.
I was watching this video...and was thinking "Hey I know that voice".  Then I heard Kira and was like "wtf ok this is crazy"  Then I got my head out of my ass and looked at the post names.
I've abused the shit out of dread dps against subcaps. http://www.eve-razor.com/killboard/?a=kill_related&amp;kll_id=619522  25 finishing blows because we managed to land a web or two.  I also made my eve fortune out of shooting sleepless guardians in wormholes with dreads.  https://www.reddit.com/r/Eve/comments/1vfphq/how_to_be_space_richtm_like_calmatt/  Believe me, I know how to use a fucking dread. And I fully, 100% admit, dreads are overpowered versus subcaps at the moment. This nerf versus subcaps is only a good thing. I shouldn't be able to wave my dread dick around and fuck everyone in the mouth. Yet I can, and do.  Coming to a mouth near you, 2016.
Ok dude wtf. You can run c5 sites with a marauder, not even crazy faction tank. And you died in a fucking c3. Seriously.  I'm like, mad for all the wrong reasons here.
Hey If you're careful and know what to look for you can make money on these, I've done it. Got to about 200mil profit then accidentally bought a vexor for VNI prices.  Still positive! I just stopped when I was ahead afterwards though.
We're all PL alts.  I'm also a RLLO alt.  Also been accused of being a brave alt.  And a HK spy.  And NC. one time.  Jesus Christ you guys are paranoid.
Dunno why the downvotes, in SF where I drive this is absolutely true and is exactly what I've been doing. Uber does tend to surge higher though so I'll compare the two depending on the area I'm in.
I drive in SF. If I drove for Uber for 10 hours I'd make $150. Take 35 out of the earnings for gas, and minus the mileage for depreciation and I'm making less than minimum wage.
Ok I just picked somebody up on Market St in SF, hold on traffic let me get out and do a 360 scan panoramic picture of this car.  Yea no fuck you. You damage the car, you pay. Simple as that.
Literally had to manually change the request option. And probably didn't even enter in a destination either, hence no price estimation.
MY RAVEN WAS EQUIPPED WITH THE FOLLOWING.
Gay Mexicans  I'm not joking.
Uh, no, that is accurate. I've done these for years, as a member of LZHK you'd think you'd know how to jew :p.  Sure, if you want to sit down for 8 hours and jew the numbers go down for hole rolling, etc. But who can do that? Most people need a break, and most holes have several sites to do in them.   Just look at my loot at the end of the video, divide by site time (which includes warp in).
Much obliged senior! Was wondering what Id do to deserve a gold :D
I barely played when I was in HK, but no I'd discovered this well before.
I have two screens, I thought it would switch on fraps but maybe not, you'll see my mouse move off the right side of the screen.
It was my mid grade virtues.  Lol no it was my plate, which is the entire reason its there.
Wormholers think they're so smart, little do they know *they merely adopted the shadows, I was born into it*.  Scanned a wh recently, left an afk alt on the hole to our space, baited out a gang that was forming to bait us on the other side. Went to sleep smiling.  Well, crying less than usual.
Well, we've recently been given the ability to not accept every request, and I am actively screening all non-surge POOL and ratings of 4.5  and below requests.  Ratings matter now, so soon you won't be getting any rides if that's your attitude. Have fun taking taxi's from now on.
Honestly, I've begun to rely on taskrabbit for when I'm in the city to boost my daily earnings. 15 -30 minutes for a $25 delivery? AND a $11 tip? Yes please $60/hour. I have a tool kit for things like mounting tasks etc, which are a freaking gold mine. $40-50, 30 mins max, etc.
Well, when you're in DT SF and doing several minimum fare trips in a row, this helps for sure.
Oh man, I got called a name on the internet :(  Have fun with your trolling.
Someone rubbed chocolate into my seats the other day, uber now wants you to submit a picture of your "receipt" for the cleaning service. As all I used was water and a towel, the "receipt" was a picture of that. $20 for 2 minutes of work.
Im fairly certain youre lying, as passengers cant "check" their ratings, but requires an email to support which takes a day or two. Got a screenshot? :)  Also where do you use the service? SF area?
And you call ME a carebear...  Well I am, but still...
500 republic fleet bouncers dropped from  DST we killed in rancer once. Good times.
I'm confused. My wormhole J112928 is a class 4. It's region is D-R00019. It's a "D" class wormhole?
Can I use a lifeline? Phone a friend?  Will you be my friend?  So lonely...
Better yet, when you're in SF do taskrabbit like I do now. Drive for uber, and take a task when it becomes available. More than half my daily income is taskrabbit now. Got $120 for 3 hours for furniture assembly last Friday.
Nope c4 in domis. Look at my submissions to see my video of it.
I'm in a wormhole corp but it's a mostly defunct one well past it's glory days where it's just me and a few friends. Me and my buddies put 8 domis out easily so we have to keep it small for mass restrictions.  If you're looking for a corp I recommend the autism of Sanctuary of Shadows.
"Ever work in a call center?"  "Yes, I have, and a sup call is a sup call"  "You just got OBSCUREDREAD'ed."  If you're having trouble following.
My father bought a new laptop, and had trouble getting outlook to work on it.  So he googled outlook help support, and was brought to one of these fake websites where they had him install hamachi and they promptly installed rootkits and took control.  4 hours of owning the laptop, and I'm yelling at him "What did you do!?" While I'm trying to close down Hamachi and the scammer has opened up notepad via the command line, and is begging me to not close the connection as "there are critical issues with your computer".  Jesus christ.
Go steal some shit. Then people will know who you are. http://evewho.com/pilot/Calmatt Someone literally said they wished I would go and get dick cancer. Good times.
He was an insurance agent and had already been doing stuff on it related to that.
Grew up in florida. Florida's coconuts are sure to taste good, right? Nope.  Wallpaper glue. Every. Time.
I'm a little torn on the load/unload part if they're tipping. I generally don't help load/unload because I generally don't get tipped. But if someone's throwing down a few extra bucks into my pocket I'd help them load.
And like, Morocco I think.
Siggy's creator actually plays the game.
4000 rides, 4.9 rating, no longer driving for Uber after fare cuts.  Even when I had people yelling at me I just calmy asked them to leave repeatedly.
SfUber- San Francisco
Just Cali and the one other state that was in on it, I think MD? Idk though.
Nice man. Usually I just get made fun of for camping a log-off for 40 minutes, but you just made it worth it.
Lol angry? I'm using tripwire right now. I think you misunderstood the tone of my reply, but that's probably my fault as I'm a huge fucking troll.
I love sharex. Normally I just have to hope other people believe me when I tell them how much better or smarter than them I am. Now I can...SHARE it with them.
It takes talent to recognize talent. I haven't had an in-game commemorative item named after me, *yet*, but I'll get there.
73 years old.
Oh god you're in Paisti.
Move to SF man. Lots of older-gay men hanging out in the Twin Peaks area.
Contrl-C works for me believe if I switch to "list" view where it comes out like a spreadsheet. Then it copies the text.
