I have been driving for 17 years and I don’t back into a spots unless I have to.
Being fat
Security Photographer
Happens all the time. I remember a similar story where the woman was given 10 lashes.  It goes, in part, with the idea that a woman should never leave the house unescorted by a family member.
pay for dinner in cash at a nice restaurant every weekend. open a business and slowly work the money through it.
I would want Leonardo DiCaprio to play me. But I look nothing like him.
You are 100% right. Hopefully he learns it soon.   I replied to another person about crime committed by illegals and they suggested it wasn’t a big deal. It was 40% of murders in Florida! The response was there was still 60% committed by others. They don’t want to understand that illegals only make about about 5% of the Florida population.
I would go $50/hr for sure. I have seen too much abuse of the salary system
If I just had to plan it? I would plan and not tell anyone. Maybe write it down on paper if it gets complicated.
No I, want to be with someone hot and a woman.
I really wouldn’t kill anyone. Don’t think anyone deserves to die.
Borrow a phone and call friend and family for money.  Make my way an embassy for further help.
You are taking away everything good. Is being psychic a super power?  Maybe being in a job I love
I won the last big powerball prize and need to be paid
Yes, women, just like men, can be mean to each other sometimes and sexism works. It’s generally very effective.  Back to the story, I’ve had many jobs and met many people and really don’t think a woman would consciously choose to pay a person less just because she is a woman.
$5000 is a rule of thumb based on my experience. Most banks I have dealt with dont suggest anything under 1000, unless you are going to be making monthly payments into something like a mutual fund
I assumed you had a bank account. What you need to do is go get a bank account (you normally need $5) Again you can set it up that when you deposit a cheque half the money goes into an additional account that you won’t have regular access to.  Normally you can get state or provincial (in canada) ID if you are past the normal age where you could get a license.
Arrange all my banking in hopes of making things easier on my loved ones.
I think there is more to it than that. I think she would not have these feelings or at least to this degree if he told her he loved her and how beautiful she is everyday. Just based on my experience.
If they havent been cleaned with bleach or any other cleaning products I would ask the police if they know someone who might want them.  I know a person that uses teeth and other human cells to train her dog for human detection. It's mainly like a Search and Rescue purpose
I have never slept anywhere weird.
Nope, I just know police officers and again a specific person that has a human remains detecting dog.
hotel/resort reviewer
I worked for quite a few G4S, Securitas, Paladin.  All were about the same. I would say Securitas had the highest pay. Again it is all based on what contract you are posted at. I would say the average was $14 but that was 5 years ago. If you are comfortable with driving they normally pay well for that.  I would avoid Garda. At least from my experience they underbid contracts and normally pay shit.
hospitality is a hard job, even people ho have gone to school don't make tons of money unless you have other skills. If it is what you want to you should go for it.  I cant speak to Calgary or Toronto but avoid Winnipeg. It sucks
I have never really thought about it any police uniform normally looks pretty good
26
i still havent realized it
I havent seen it.. but based on thoughts.. I would find an abandon house and not leave, go into the sewer, or ask a stranger for a place to stay for the 28 days.   There must be some unmentioned rules. If you have any lead time I would hit a library and post an ad on cragislist. Should be easy to find a place.
Thought of another one after i went to bed.  I would go to a local RV shop and make a deal to buy a trailer if they tow it somewhere for me, again someone yard..  or allow me to live in it on site for the next 28 days.
hard to explain  Hearts involves four players. Hearts are trump. You try to either take all tricks or none. all cards are dealt and person with 2 clubs starts. each player choose a card and plays it. Trick is decided and the player that took the trick plays a new card. very strategic.   . Wizard is like hearts except the cards are dealt differently and has wild cards. Instead of getting all or avoiding tricks you announce how many tricks you are going to take before the round starts.   . 65- i really like playing as well. Kind of like rummy. you would have to look up rules and such
Dont think so... I took a test for it and passed.    And my name isn't Ian.. So.... How retarded can I be?
getting my affairs in order to make it easier for my family.
exactly.  Just like a beautiful women named Bertha,  a bad ass drug dealer named Ian doesn't exist, so not realistic.  But really I am just fooling around. Call the character what you want. I hope it works out for you.
Say thanks and ask him to leave my house
text messages. Really not worried about. I dont text too many people. I would want 50,000.
buy a few bottles and spend it with family.
i dont eat toothpaste. I spit it out.
it's always hard in the morning. WHen you would have to pee the most. I read an article saying it was the reason. I have no reason to think otherwise.
i have never blown on a cold drink to warm it up... and I am old.
I know someone who called the carrier and had one sent to them as well, not at a store.
travel for 6 months and volunteer.  Use this experience for interviews  and connections as references
have a few drinks and talk.
really depends on the country. Most undeveloped countries you need to have a business partner from that country that is 51% owner on paper.  Depends on your lifestyle marry someone in that country. That would make it easy
I am anti government. Just see to much waste.
Just borrowed a fellow bus passengers  phone.
yes. it was at school
I cant remember being scared of any movie as a child
I dont want it. No more tight shirts and yoga pants. That's a no go
i dont think i use any product designed for kids
