I ain't got nobody, and nobody cares for me.
Young pups TIL...Damn I turn 42 tomorrow.
You taught me a valuable lesson. I will now always use the bathroom before getting on an elevator.
I love mine. Now that I have it, I could never see myself without one.
That is what I meant. A wire is loose in my head. I typed it around 5 a.m. this morning, so i was really not thinking clearly.
I wonder if I could trade my son to her for a knitted one....He just hit puberty.
That album was when the added a keyboardist. A whole new layer, but still freaking groovy as hell and awesome. And yes it was their album after Blast Tyrant. Beale Street To Oblivion was after RH/Exodus and was the last album with their keyboardist.  When Nathan was asked in an interview why the got rid of their keyboardist he said, we didn't, he just didn't want to tour anymore.   Any Clutch fan can tell you that Clutch tours a HELL OF A LOT.  Crobot has been touring with them lately. I recommend you check them out. I seen them with Clutch and The Sword on my 40th Bday in Asheville, NC   Legend Of The Spaceborn Killer is the song that grabbed my attention.  https://youtu.be/_YJ41TS-iOo
Don't forget though, that Tony Iommi had a bought with cancer before they started recording 13.
I am the same age as this guy.  http://cdn2.thr.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/675x380/2014/11/leonardo_dicaprio.jpg
The same happened to me. It did not come up in the system and the clerk was like. Oh well, toss it and don't worry about it. It happened around the holidays. It was the best present I got that year.
When I was young we had an English Sheep Dog that would climb a ladder. I use to get on the top of the house with her. My dad had to get her off the roof though.
I started making rings about 4 months ago, and I owe it all to Reddit for inspiring me. There was a gentleman on Reddit that made coin rings and it really got me interested in the hobby.   I made state quarter rings for my wife, sisters, and mother for christmas and they loved them.
My grandmother has Alzheimer's.  My ex wife's grandfather had it as well. When her grandmother passed away he was oblivious at the funeral. He thought he was there because someone else passed away and just kept asking where his wife is. Such a sad thing to see.
That's Awesome! It is a great freaking movie. The day before I seen the movie I was watching a concert on PBS.  The concert had random musicians playing together and one of them was Tom Waits, my wife had never heard of him (mind boggled) I let her listen to some songs off of Rain Dogs, and she loved him. I told her it has been a while since I have listened to him, so we listened to him a little that day.  The very next day we rented Wrist Cutters and , Boom, there he was. We didn't even know Tom Waits was in it. It seemed so weird to me that I just started listening to his music again the day before, and then there he was in a movie I rented. He is in one of my favorite parts of the movie as well. It's the part where he is trying to get his dog back from Will Arnett's character.  He starts saying Treat Treat Then the dog growls at him and Will Arnett's character says The dog has spoken. The way they both deliver their lines crack me up in that scene.  If by chance you have never listened to Tom Waits, check him out. He is awesome.  https://youtu.be/1wfamPW3Eaw
I gave up trying to read the hand writing.
Jimmy Buffetism - I've done a bit of smuggling, yes I've ran my share of grass, I've made enough money to buy Miami but I pissed it away so fast..It's never meant to last.
Same hear!  Edit: Dammit!
The reason I like Reinhardt so much is because I like to go ham with him. I love killing other tanks and especially Bastion. He is an easy kill with Reinhardt.
Well, I don't want Fop, goddamn it! I'm a Dapper Dan man!
I want to go there.
Exactly! I seen one at the Tampa Bay Zoo 2 weeks ago and was thinking "Damn! What a prehistoric looking bastard!"
Awesome pic! Congrats grad!   May the sun always shine on your face and the winds be at your back!
Not going to lie. I see a book that I want at B&amp;N, then I pull out my phone and buy it 10 bucks cheaper off of Amazon.
Man, at my house we go through a gallon of milk in two days. I don't even look at the expiration date anymore.
My wife is from California and I am from Tennessee. When she moved here and seen me open a door for an elderly  woman going into a store and I started talking to her and asking her how her day was my wife looked at me like WTF.  I told her that in the south, that is just a thing southerners do, that's how we roll, especially for the elderly. We are taught from a very early age to respect the elderly.  I told my wife some the most interesting conversations I have had was with older people that I did not even know, just did something for them like carrying their groceries to their car or opening a door for them and started a conversation.  About a month after we had been married she came home and said. "People are so nice here, it is so much different than the cold shoulder people give you in Cali. Everyone seems more laid back and in less of a hurry."
I work third shift and about a month ago I went to bed after a hard night of work.  About two hours later I was abruptly woken up by a wasper repeatedly stinging my big toe on my left foot. It made me think that no matter the crazy shit that happens in your life, and when you think nothing crazier can happen, you get woke up by a wasper stinging your big toe.
WAHOO! I have a New Year buddy!...Sorry that I got drunk without you last night buddy.
I use my phone for my Roku.
I actually got real damn good at that game.
That really pissed me off about him. I automatically thought about what George Melies was told when he became obsessed with making movies and truly seen the artistry of them. "Oh George, movies will never be art. "  When I beat The Last Of Us, I thought about what Ebert said and remember thinking...This game would have changed his mind.
Raleigh, NC is mostly hills, so yeah, snow and ice sucks, especially when they do not get it much.  I went to a concert at the Orange Peel, in  Asheville, NC back on my 40th birthday (Jan 2nd 2014...Seen Crobot, The Sword and Clutch...Awesome fucking show!)  Came back out it was 20 degrees colder and snowing. They handled the snow great there (Way More Mountainous) and I only saw one car off the road.    Hills/Mountains + Ice = SUCKS   Give them a break, They have great weather yearly, and are looking forward to more global warming temps, with less intrusive action...GO G.O.P.!
I am a middle aged man WITH a chainsaw......And I fucking loves it!
I have never flew American Airlines, and now I have, even more of a reason, not too...FUCK YOU AA!
One day son, my terrible shooting will get me killed. Then you will have to take over, and your terrible shooting will then get you killed, and then your son will take over......You see where I am going with this?
I am 43 and at 22 I was like   "I am going to go out there and set the world on fire!"  now I am more like  "I want to go out there and set the world on fire....Fuck this!"
Not going to lie. I have never even heard of Malta, until now.
I am in this situation now... : /
I have a SS card, and live in our SS....Does that make me an exclusive member?
Mike Patton is my all time favorite vocalist because of his range.   To be able to go from a song like Surprise! You're Dead and then to a cover of The Commodores Easy....Come on. Freaking amazing!  I saw Faith No More in Atlanta in 2015 and Mike was a beast!  He still sounds fucking awesome live!
Hey neighbor, got any sugar?  Sure  (Hands it out window)
Scientists that publish these reports need to get together, start a go fund me page that will enable themselves to make a PSA/commercial explaining what the Paris Climate Agreement is and what it wants countries to do and plaster it all over websites and between prime time tv programs.   I would gladly donate. It is a shame that it needs to be done at all, but I live in a red state and it bogles my mind at the number of people that do no believe in climate change. Even my neighbor that was mowing his yard in January......yeah, fucking January said it is just cycles, even after telling me he has never, in his 72 years, seen it this warm in January.
Me and my wife were in a Target when one struck nearby. People actually went to the floor. It struck so hard that it triggered all of the car alarms in the parking lot.
I have a problem with not being a very good friend. I will do anything for any of my friends if they needed me, but I just never stay in touch or make any effort in contacting them.  I really only have one person that I consider a true friend, but I never contact him. I feel that between work, my wife and son, and my hobbies, that I have very little time for anything else.  Also, I have always been kind of a loner. I have always been able to make friends fast, I am not trying to brag, but new people I meet tend to like me straight away. I just prefer to be by myself. My wife even says that I am a terrible friend because when I do get invited somewhere by a friend, I decline about every time. It shocks her when I tell her that I am going out with friends.
Titan team actually had 4 years from the time that they KNEW Titan got canceled, not when it was anounced, to come up with something new. Yes, Titan was a MMO akin to how Destiny is now (Activision/Blizzard)  And like I said A LOT of ideas from Titan carried over to Overwatch.   This is what Titan was suppose to be.  http://kotaku.com/heres-what-blizzards-titan-actually-was-1638632121  And here is what Jeff Kaplan said about the trace line from Titan to Overwatch  http://www.eurogamer.net/articles/2017-03-14-blizzards-jeff-kaplan-traces-line-from-project-titan-to-overwatch  Both are  interesting reads. I followed both projects very closely, as I am a huge Blizzard fan and have been PC gaming since 95. (I still play WOW...Kriandis is my mains name...Sargeras server....https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/character/sargeras/kriandis
I told you Randy. Karma would get em.
There is many, but Kingpin and Simon and Garfunkels Sound Of Silence after Roy has sex with his landlord.  (Roy throwing up in toilet)  Landlord: Ah, come on you. It wasn't that bad.  What is about good sex that makes me have to crap? You really jarred something loose Tiger.
I use to play the hell out of Nagano Winter Olympics game for the N64
Avi: I don't like leaving my own country Doug, and I especially don't like leaving it for anything less than warm, sandy beaches, and cocktails with little straw hats.  Doug the Head: We've got sandy beaches...  Avi: So, who the fuck wants to see 'em?
Odie looks like he is thinking  I would chase you, but I am just to old to be doing that crap.
This. I started out on drums, which made learning bass easier, which in turn made learning guitar easier.
