Also if its a company employee who's calling with the problem, they'll treat the downtime that the issue causes as a coffee break, and since its *your* job to fix it, they feel no responsibility to cut their break short by clicking that little update button.
Just because you've had no issues doesn't mean that no one has issues.   I've had a GTX 460, and a 970. Both times I had to reinstall drivers once or twice a month because something broke them. Especially driver updates, they always crashed and broke. The r9 270 I moved to after the 460 barely had any issues, and the drivers were WAY more stable. After I sold my 970(vram lies and coil while like hell itself) I got the 290 I have now. Overclocked, still more stable than the Nvidia cards I had.
[Checked it on my 8320 right now.](http://i.imgur.com/MK0fhtI.png)
I have to go do something, I'll be back in an hour or two, no mobile data ATM. Thanks for help in advance.
Yeah, I guess the whole reset of settings on every app gives me a pretty good time to flash a new ROM without losing much.
&gt;buy and maintain and continuously upgrade  I haven't had to open my PC up for around 2 years now. You don't need to constinously do anything.
Back in 2005 a $600 PC really was nothing special. To build a PC of that tier nowadays is around $350 or so. It started around 2008 that the prices of parts dropped substantially.
No you don't. I still run GTA V on high/v.high settings, 1920x1080 60fps.
&gt;torture and brainwashing  Also being taken and inducted before they've really developed any social skills, and growing up with 70 other people who were the same.
I stole a java console thing in chrome.  [I have gone too far](http://i.imgur.com/sZaFTHh.gifv)  It doesn't even steal my mouse cursor, so i can just put it in, minimize that chrome window and play real games.
I've played the hell out of half life 2, portal, BioShock infinite and gmod. I'll check out thief. I have 1st one on a disk and 2nd one on gog.
Thanks. I didn't actually know I had BioShock 2...
I've played a lot of spore, and I should probably put more time into skyrim. I prefer MSI afterburner to EVGA precision, and I legit forgot I own prison architect.
I have a friend who uses 9gag and hiddenlol. Every time I get a link its either porn or reposts.
+1 for corsair, been using a Corsair modular 750w for a good few years now with no issues, along side Corsair RAM and peripherals.   None have had issues, and they're all been around for a while.
Steam is free to make an account and get games on ( I believe you need to have actually "bought" a game to use the community tools)  If you want to get into PC gaming, ignore the other guy, you can do it for a lot less than $700.   2 questions. What country are you in, and do you already have a PC? (Desktop preferable, doesn't need to be a gaming machine yet)
Not really. I bought this in 2008. Considering the prices you spend on games, I've likely spent less on my game library alongside keeping this thing up to date (CPU upgrade in 2011, GPU in 2013) than I would have spent on collecting a PS3 library of the same size.  Also kinda goes to show something that if a new console comes out, you buy it to play new games, without improving the old ones. If I need to upgrade my PC, it even upgrades the old games' experience.
Once you get hold of it, let me know which those things are, and I can point you to some options. I used to build these things for people as a job.
I've been in quite a few discussions about the legality of emulators. Of course, most people follow up installing an emulator by pirating a load of games, which is a different and much more illegal practise.
Hell, I'd kill a man just for Skate 1 on PC.
Oh, I know full well. Since I started playing PC shooters more "deliberately" when I got Unreal 2004 in '05 (I used to play quake when I was 5, but I had no clue wtf was happening, I just clicked and watched it flash) I've been unable to get into console fps properly. I loved halo 3, and even though I was good at it, I really want to play it on my PC.   Now Halo Online has started, the community tools to play the leaked engine and maps feels great.
I've got no issue with pixel-art games, just that I'd like a Metroid game with a smoother look to it.   If i wanted a pixel art Metroid, I'd just look over to Super Metroid/Zero Mission/Fusion. I've played each of them like 10x through, and I'd enjoy something new to the series.
You've obviously watched me play The Sims.
Hi.   I've discovered the whole "change your hud colour" thing, and after trying it out, it hasn't changed the colours at all.    A friend of mine has tried to follow the same tutorial from here, but to no avail. the file is edited, but the color remains as default.  [This is the tutorial we are following](https://www.reddit.com/r/EliteDangerous/comments/2p3784/you_can_manually_customize_the_gui_colors/)
If it means anything, my GraphicsConfiguration.XML is in the steamapps location in programming files, whilst GraphicsConfigurationOverride.XML is in C/users location, in appdata. I've changed it in both.
Fair enough. Hopefully his situation improves.  I recently got fiber down my street which put my download speed to around 28mbit, which gives just over 3 mbyte/s.
This. A friend of mine plays CSGO on a machine I fixed up for him. It's a core 2 duo office machine he found in a dumpster along with my old HD5670. He was ranked LEM last I checked.
&gt;smuggling in robigo  I'm new to the game, can you explain more?
Neat, I'll look into this. I have a type-6 kitted out for long haul with loads of cargo, i could refit it for this.
Yeah, I feel I'm part of a rare breed in that I legit cannot deal with the GameCube controls, but the wiimote nunchuck controls feel so natural to me.
This.  I trust a water cooling set up a lot more now that I know that it won't pop fluid all over my internals if it drops and is left hanging by its tubes.
I want one of those. Never got round to buying one though.
Used to be friends with a guy who multiboxed 20 accounts. He was a perfectly timed one man stealth bomber fleet.
You say bad consumerism, yet you are flat out refusing to hear when people say that their cards arent as loud as you claim. That's not just bad, you are showing blind consumerism.  I have a 290 and I can't hear the fans below 90%. I've never managed to get them going faster than 60%, and it hasn't gone above 65°c before.
Windows 10 x64  AMD VISHERA FX8320 - 8 core, 3.7GHz  Radeon R9 290 - 4096 MB Vram  8GB DDR3  Had to turn off directinput due to crashes.  Cant join Nvidia user servers it seems.  (Pyrocitor in IRC/in game)
Because halo and quake are 2 different games. I got hooked on the shield+HP system in halo, and the way the movement worked. Also vehicles yo.
Yeah, when I play counterstrike, I'm practising for the day j join a team of 5 terrorists, to fight it out in a small area with 5 counterterrorists, and we will give ourselves 3 minutes to put a bomb down on some empty boxes somewhere.
I've been playing UT since 2001 m8. There is a masiive difference between halo and quake in general. comparing the 2 and saying 1 is shit because its not the other is like complaining that battlefield isnt mario.
This was how I used to deal with things on my old laptop.  -&gt;get the game running at minimum 20fps (what I felt was the lowest point I could deal with)  -&gt;get it to 30fps minimum  Then see if I can then turn any settings up for looks.
I just bought a 144hz monitor half an hour ago. I'm trying as hard as I can.
I just got home, looking for the setting now
yeah i got it
I can't leave my chair without tripping, so I've been on my PC for a week.
Yeah I've asked in bovril new, loaded up my retriever with as much stuff as I can, and asked CCP to move me to highsec (I'm still docked in buz-db and these people are scary)
I have a similar pair (Sony MDR-XB450AP) and it's in that [box on the cord](http://i.imgur.com/RBZNcLa.png)
Been an AMD customer for a while now, really looking forward to upgrading to a 480 once i can afford it, card looks ***SWEET***
We get a ton of them here in the UK.
BRB buying savings bonds so I can afford to buy that sweet new stable to store my tricked out mustang.
Probably playing the game after doing the smart thing and waiting to see if the day 1 problems got fixed which they did.  Especially considering the track record with BF4 being fucked for months, and battlefront being... battlefront.
I contacted Corsair support and gloriousgeorge but Corsair make the cables with the keyboard, so you'd only get a spare cable if you managed to get hold of, say, a broken keyboard being sold for parts.  I currently am using a corsair k40, I intend to open it and check, it might use the same cable, but I'm not sure.
