Jenny is putting things in her cooter.
Dude it isn't your fault.  Just blame /r/pcmasterrace
Damn you are a fucking moron.  One simple question and you turn it into an argument.  Sorry if my original question was asking for a little education about how food is actually sold in your backassward country.  Remember, you caused this by.  I just wanted to learn something about your culture.  Fuckwad.
Look at this skippy:  http://www.target.com/p/the-witcher-3-wild-hunt-playstation-4/-/A-15177872#prodSlot=medium_1_1&amp;term=witcher+3  Not only did I get to wait until they patched the one thing that was going to annoy the hell out of me but I can now buy it for $18 off.
I can't count out Abbrederis because I saw him play in college and he just has this way about him that makes me think he is going to be great in the pros.
See, I was thinking you were only talking about Super Bowls, because I didn't think you were stupid enough to not know that Antonio has been in 11 playoff games over his career.  http://www.pro-football-reference.com/players/C/CromAn20/gamelog/#stats_playoffs  P.S.  Your Seahawks have only made the playoff only 14 times.  They have won 27 games.
Can't even watch the whole .gif.  Riding that would just make me throw up in the slide.
Baxter!  How many times do I have to tell you that I don't speak Spanish?
&gt; The original was all I watched.  ????
&gt; Unless they fixed it  Hence the reason why I started my post with this.  I'm not sure.  I haven't had to time to play in amount month now.
Let's see.  I was only 8 mths old for the first one, but 1996 was awesome.  All the years of watching them be so freaking bad and finally be able to put it all together.  It was amazing.  2010 was also great because it was cool to watch Aaron and the guys show that they weren't just Brett.  That they were a complete team.
Wow.  That looks like something I have been looking for.  A good 4x board game, but man that looks like a lot of effort for set up, play, and breakdown.
Looks like one of relationships in college.
I've got it downloaded also.  I have to just play it already and make a choice.
I really hope he stays healthy.  He was a great guy for the team and community here in Columbus.  I would like to see him have a long productive NFL career.
I've got Red Zone, so I watched them all.
You're not that old.  I use to work for Dish 5 years ago and delt with that on a daily basis.
Yea, there are a couple of different ways to go with it.  I've been thinking of a way to use the halfling Helpful trait and use Aid Other to increase the rest of the groups AC or To Hit.  One way I have seen people build one is to take Butterfly's Sting with a high Crit ratio weapon and then hand out your crits, since you won't be doing a lot of damage with your small weapons.  I don't know.  Can't find the right mix for me yet.
This is awesome because my wife is a nurse and got called in late this weekend to work on an eye surgery.  The next day I was asking her how it went and she causally mentioned, "Oh and it was with Lebron".  What I didn't know was she meant Dr. Lebron.  Was a little excited there.
I don't have to trick my wife.  She saw the red ban trailer last week and can't wait for it.
My choice.  They are the ones that didn't want my money.  Fuck them.
Sweet.  US Nationals in my home town!
I tried the peyote up there and it turned me into a bird.
Hilarious.  My 6 mo old daughter has been on that food for about a month how and I have been saving those trying to find a use for them.  I already have a couple of Planos, but still great minds think a like.
I've always loved that scene
I'd say Hold Person.  First you hit them with the dagger, they are paralyzed, then coup de grace.  One dead person.  Edit:  Actually this idea is so cool, I'm thinking of using it as a focal point for an assassin character.
I know that.  I'm thinking more of an assassin.  So surprise round, assassin attacks from shadows and paralyzes opponent.  Next round, with a high DEX and probably Improved Init, they go before the their foe so does the coup de grace.    I'm not saying it is a every day kind of build, but definitely a very nasty NPC.  I'm thinking of a level 3 Death Shaman/lvl 5 Ninja.  With a say a +1 spell storing Scythe.
The sad part is that you really haven't blown up two issues with my build.  1 - Scythe is a martial weapon.  Neither class gives me access to this weapon.  2 - It is very stat heavy.  I need STR for the hit.  I need WIS for the DC on the Hold Person save, and I need DEX for the high Init.  But I was just sorta of throwing this idea together, I hadn't had time to really flesh it out.
I have not effing clue what you were doing?  I can't tell if you are saying my build sucks.  I can't tell if you are saying Hold Person sucks.  I can't tell anywhere you are going with this because you are all over the place.  Just coming up with one illogical comment after another.  In the end, I'm done.  I have a cool idea that I will probably spring on my PCs.  The only thing you have really done is given me an excuse to waste my time at work and since now I am home, I don't need that any more.  Have a good day.
Yes!   Thank you.  I'm an idiot.
I know it will never happen, but I'm hoping for Canton, OH.  Start the season and end the season in the same place.
You know I'm disappointed that I have never had a mirelurk queen spawn there.  The loot would have been nice.
Good to know.  I've only have time for one play through and it was Institute.
Okay.  You're right.  I'm sorry for disparaging all Fighters everywhere.  I was just trying to point out a cool way that we do character builds and didn't mean to offend you.  Enjoy your day.
The restaurant I worked at in college was a favorite spot for people coming to the Quarter Horse Convention every year.  Those fucking rednecks would always order the prime rib dinner, max'd to 14oz, well done, with a side of A-1.
It's all about nature, man.  The beauty of it all.    BTW, I always play my Druids as stoned hippies.
As a counter point, I use to manage a pizza place before this BS fad, but I still have buddies that do and the drivers hate this shit.  It wastes time that they want to be in their cars delivering pizzas and if you don't do it, the assholes never tip.  So fuck them.
You really are coming off as an idiot.  Drivers are paid a real wage, and they even get paid a little bit for each delivery, but no matter what, that little bit isn't enough to make up for the cost of gas and maintenance on their cars.  Delivering pizzas tears up your cars.  Most of the drivers I know, have a car for work and another for home because they don't want to put any mileage on their work vehicle.  And again, why can't you understand that tipping isn't about short changing your employees.  It is about finding employees that want to make real money.  Money based on their performance and not just some set amount each hour.  Have you ever heard of a commissioned based job.  Like car dealers, realtors, and agents?  These are people that are paid per unit or deal done.  You usually see highly driven people taking these jobs because they know that their income is only limited by their ability.  Waiting tables and delivery pizza is just a form of commission based job.  I loved making tips.  Because I knew that if I did a good job and did if faster than any one else, I would make more money every day then some idiot at McDonald's making an hourly wage.  My yearly income had nothing to do with whether or not my boss liked me and gave me some BS 3% raise, but had everything to do with how well I did my job on every table, every turn of my tables and every shift I worked.  Any waiter out there that wants to work for wages only is a pussy and a shitty waiter.  A real waiter wants you to have the opportunity to pay them what you feel they are worth.  And for every idiot like you that doesn't understand what tipping actually is good for, there are 20 other people that will appreciate that I made their day easier and will tip me better then some moron that is just working for an hourly wage.
lol.  I should have checked the thread before answering the same thing 10 other people have done.
One really good trick is to use the allies that also give you a chance to do a search.  I tend to pick ones that help out with the weak spots on my characters.  So if I am playing a character with only a d6 in STR, then I will take a ally that has a bonus to STR plus the ability to do a search.  Then use them as soon as you can.  Never horde cards.  You do that, and you lose.
I never seem to be able to find the bodies after the crash.
Thanks for the heads up.  Now I know what to ask for for Father's Day.
There are a lot of good examples here so I'll add my 2 copper pieces.  My current character is an Oradin [Life Oracle/Paladin].  She is a blue eyed blonde haired halfling with a 26 CHA.  She is built completely as a support character.  Mostly casting buffs and using the occasional Aid Another to keep the other player's AC or to hit up there.  Even threw away her Smite ability with Oath of Loyalty so that I can buff the other players AC/saving throws even more.  Heck her mount is even a War Dog [corgi] with the Bodyguard archetype on him so he can Aid Another [the GM allowed me to take the Additional Traits feat for him so he has the Adopted[halfling] and Helpful[halfling] traits to help improve his Aid Another actions].  Needless to say she is also the face of the party.  Basically, I play her as the happiest person you will ever meet.  Nothing can't be solved without spreading goodness.  Evil, must be smited, but only if it can't be redeemed.  She never lies and also never lets evil forgot that it must pay for their actions.  For all intents and purposes, she is an anime character.  She's a lot of fun and really a good counter point to the Magus and Barbarian in the group.
Thanks for posting this.  When I saw there was a demo for GoW, I thought, "Oh great another rehash of the same game."  Now I know it is so much more and definitely on my list to buy when it comes out.  Looks great.
Yea, I actually did a little more research and this is just typical contract BS.  I agree with you.
And that is when you got arrested for being high as fuck.
Okay.  I wasn't really looking for a discussion.  Just stating what I know.  Thanks for adding to it.
Agreed.  My alchemist is a crafting beast and his Valet 'owl' tumor really helps him to make a ton of alchemical items in down time.
I can't make it to Gen Con this year.  I hope they make these available on the website.  We really need some new scenarios.  I would even be willing to pay for a new scenario book.
He told me there are just so many toys in the toy box that really isn't an issue.  Edit:  Though now that I think about it, he did joke there was a bit of a fight for who got to take the GT40 home that they had on loan.
