"I'm building a ladder to get you out of here."
Similarly, I've been asked by CoD-bros over the headset if I'm Minnesotan. Close enough.
That's the strongest stuff I've ever crinkled.
So.  ~~I was...~~   ~~I'm a little curious...~~ oh god don't make me ask it.  What does two cups feel like?
If you do this first thing every morning, you'll be a bit looser in general all the time. You'll be more in touch with the condition you're in at any given moment. That said, stretching in the morning is no substitute for warming up six hours later. If you don't want to stretch twice a day, then you should be stretching right before or right after your workout. For best results, have a morning routine that complements your lifting stretches. Source: I've stretched before.
I just wanted to blow through the combat, too. That's how I played W2. Your description of your play style probably matches a lot of people's. When you crank it up, things like potion upgrades and reading the Bestiary become more relevant, adding to the role play aspect. What would Geralt do? He would slow down, chill out, gather herbs, read a book, consult local experts and go into battle with some kind of plan. Only then would he make his thousand cuts. I think part of what makes him a great character (despite his blandness) is the respect he has for the world around him. Does he need to kill this monster? If so, why? And how?
I couldn't be sure. I *had* to know.
I just wanted to lick your tears a little, enjoy the playoffs.
I wanted his favourite band to come out and play his favourite song.
This article got me pregnant, and I swear I never had sex with it.
I'm not even here to argue, but we get more than enough Leafs games out here. Enjoy all the hockey.
I just got here. How's the game been?
I had to re-read it.
One morning, early 2012, I was riding the 7 downtown. Knowing that I would be one of the first to disembark, I stood near the back door. As the bus filled up, I was forced closer to the door. As the bus filled beyond capacity, I was literally pushed out the door eight stops early. That was the day that I became a committed winter cyclist.
I'll be there to finish it 3 on 3.
I don't know about Canes fans, but Flames fans don't usually show up in great numbers outside of our subreddit, which isn't all that hopping either if we're being honest.
I've heard that box squats carry the risk of spinal compression, as in "oops, I went down too fast and now this 225lbs on my back has nowhere to go." Be conscious of that when you go heavy.
I just got here and haven't had a chance to see them together yet, but I sure like the sound of it.
True that, I specialize in soft line drives over the middle infield and aggressive baserunning. Just feeling the banger spirit is all.
Make friends with fans of your team if possible, frequent sports bars that will accommodate your selfish requests to put on the wrong hockey game, or just go to minor league games in your new home, I hear those are fun.
I had never seen it and was definitely expecting a drunk driving PSA. That was nuts.
I just meant that it was a phenomenal goal; he called for the pass in such a manner that the USA probably would have sent it his way, then blew the shot past Miller faster than almost anyone could. I agree with what you're saying about Toews' overall contribution in the tourney, dude's probably my favourite player on the strength of that performance alone, but Crosby is why they won that game, in that moment. With respect to all the other factors on that play, it was all him.
Ricky Romero
My social studies class got to see that in the theatre in grade eleven, I still cringe when I think about the guy with the burned leg. I can see how there are better Vietnam movies, but what's wrong with this one?
I like to think that you've been around to enjoy 90s punk but had never heard of Pantera. I realize that's not likely the case, but I get a kick out of it all the same.
&gt; OotS  Nope, I even had to google it to make sure I hadn't accidentally made a reference.
As interim leader of the CPC, she's ineligible to run for the position when the party holds a vote. *That's* why she's softened her stance on medical marijuana; she's not accountable to Harper or the base anymore. I'm still not a fan, but she's harmless now.
I remember laughing uncontrollably at that panel as a kid. Thanks for the reminder, ol' buddy!
I gotchu fam, happy new year.
So, actual thing worth knowing here: if you need to calm down a boner, flexing your quads is a great way to divert blood flow from the nethers. Try not to look like you're taking a shit and you can do this pretty much anywhere, in any position.
I got accustomed to doing this for GTA games and stuck with it for anything that could require the trigger and bumper at the same time.
I just get someone to pour the defective macaroni into my cupped hands and take it to the river.
Looks like a standoff between unsourced assertions. I'm open to the possibility that I'm wrong. I was just articulating the underlying logic to the comment being argued over. I am not a kinesiologist, just a dude who tries to retain pertinent info. I also wasn't asserting that the position would cause injury, only increase tension (and time spent under it).
I'm really glad that other people hold so strongly to the fourth season's ending. I agree that it's the perfect scene, and it encapsulates the show so well. So well, in fact, that I've never been able to remember why people are so crazy about the actual finale. I look forward to checking out the OP and being reminded, but I'll always live by Nate Sr.'s words:  "You can do anything, you lucky bastard, you're alive! What's a little pain compared to that?"
I was initially inspecting the ties for length, but with each successive one I became more aware of how bad that combo really is. As a rule, white ties are terrible.
Wait a second... has anyone ever seen /r/Showerthoughts and /r/StandupShots in the same room?   Oh, I have actually. Still, this post could fit there with some tweaks.
I'm just giving you a hard time, I'm all in favour of absolute certainty when it's available. I only spoke up because I thought this was a good example of a discussion being derailed by excessive focus on tangential details.
Someone else cajoled me into expressing myself, so I might as well pass on my valid critique now, since you asked. Copied from below:  /u/therager was clear enough near the top of the thread: "perfect" is a term that doesn't apply to subjective analysis. There are numerous ways in which we can praise Wood for her choice of words, and as a rule they will be more descriptive and evocative than "damn, this is perfect." Her statement was inclusive, non-judgmental, empowering, inspiring, decisive. It wasn't perfect.   When directing a compliment towards a person, one should consider whether that compliment could also be applied to the weather, a hedge, my Freecell record, the temperature of a cup of tea, etc. The overuse of terms like perfect, amazing, and awesome is lazy writing, and especially in this context deserves to be called out.
Last time we played the Jets Buff had a partial breakaway kind of similar to this, scared the shit out of me. Top speed, great hands, he didn't score but it was intimidating all the same.
If it helps at all, I (straight dude) can't enjoy his work anymore. It's disappointing to hear that there hasn't been any real penalty to him, but the discussion at the time of the allegations served as a real eye-opener for me, and I would expect many others.
Thanks! I don't want to say we're intimidated by the Sharks, but you've been tough games every time, so the win feels extra great.
Hi! Thanks for joining the party; we're all kind of scattered for the offseason so you're not going to get a ton of useful content out of this sub until the season starts again in April, but there's lots to learn and no expectation that you'll get it all at once, especially in a country where it's not such a big deal.   First, and most important, **be patient.** Games run long, the amount of action is variable, results aren't always visible within a small sample. A lot of the fun of baseball is hanging around while stuff unfolds.   Learn these terms, their definitions, where they are found on a scoresheet and how they happen in the game, and you'll be good to go:  * hit/walk/strikeout   * single/double/triple/home run   * run scored/run batted in   * top/bottom of inning    As others have said, watching baseball is the best way to learn the game (without playing it), and you would be well served by availing yourself of a local baseball association, wherever it may be. You could also try introducing your SO to cricket, which would be dually useful in that it gives you more opportunities to bond over the sport while serving as your bridge to understanding baseball. I don't know how well you know cricket, but I expect learning it is easier than learning baseball from scratch in Australia.
There's a Spotify playlist called White Noise that has lengthy tracks of various coloured noise, I use it to drown out ambient noise when I can't sleep.
The whole season we've been kind of unpopular, can't say I blame anyone. I'll continue to hate the teams I hate and hate my own team as they earn it.
I don't, I'm here because /r/CTH *is* funny. Ben Garrison posts are hilarious.
I'm exploiting the free Audible trial to listen to this one, it's really good. Could we break the discussions up at a chapter end rather than just page 200? That would make more sense for everyone, not just my illiterate ass.
It feels way better than it looks. I ought to get another one before they disappear.
Thanks for being a good person.
To answer your question: no. Of course not.   That said, it's the lib-ribbing that spurred a lot of introspection on my part, leading to greater engagement with leftism in general. I've always felt like my beliefs weren't realistic, or at least weren't well-represented, and consequently most of my adult life saw me drifting towards the center like a frozen astronaut approaching the event horizon. After the election I was listening to a lot of trash like Nerdist and Maron, and I turned to Google for something fresh. I wasn't aiming to get political, but there was a listicle that slipped Chapo in with who knows what else and it sounded kinda neat. I started with We Live In The Zone Now and suddenly felt things again. Now, this frozen astronaut is thawing out on the Red Planet with a bunch of like-minded volcels and I couldn't be happier. I read more, I speak up more, I even lift heavier (results may vary).  I guess what I'm saying is that if it weren't for Chapo, I'd still be getting my beliefs validated by the Mahers and Meyers of the world, and that's a depressing thought.
On that note, I remember an episode not too long after the election where you put on your serious hat for a second to remind us that life is still worth living, and I was really touched by it.
