&gt; the thing was gross, looked mangy  They all do, it's just the way they look.  First one I saw in my garbage I thought was sick, but the coats of all that i've seen since look similar.
One of the reasons I've avoided watching the HBO show despite all the hype.  I'll wait until I can finish the book series, and then bing-watch the TV show while the book is still fresh in my mind.
TIL I'm OK with the no-color thing.
How often to people order "coffee" there, because I always feel like I'm the only one?
&gt; You realize some people actually have curiosity, right? Science attracts people like that.   Feynman was vocal about his curiosity, where he enjoyed "the kick of the discovery;" figuring out something new about Nature that nobody else on Earth knows at that moment.  Speaking as a scientist, I think many of us feel something similar, and are primarily curiosity driven in our research.
&gt; I still have this phone and use it daily.  Do you happen to also carry around a slide rule?
&gt; corporate restaurants take cleanliness very very seriously.  I live in the USA, how do I get to the part of the world you live in?
Same here.  Parking job confirmed his bumper sticker about himself.
&gt; put a piece of wood on the back side of the wall (even a paint stick works fine for this) and screw through the wall into the board on either side, and then screw in the patch to that piece of wood  This is the way I've always known to do it.
Thanks for the reassurance, I was worried there we might make it out OK.
I saw them when I was a little kid.  It was really entertaining.
I get on my roof and blow them out with a leaf blower.  I should rethink this plan.
Yes, I'd work hard too if I was self-employed, had millions of dollars and fans, a giant mansion, and no other cares in the world.
You're saving 10% of your income?  That's fantastic!  I can barely save 3%.  Saving that much at your income level is no easy feat.  Is it sitting in a savings account or invested? I feel like it's not practical to invest it all, especially given random expenses that can pop up (plumbing problems, new set of tires etc) that you should be prepared to cover in an emergency.
left at 2 am..
I found [Henry Rollins](http://www.nyrock.com/img/2000/rollins_3.jpg)!
I assumed "think" meant "problem solving," and not "what word does an object bring to mind."  Thinking through a problem, for me anyway, requires a mixture of using words (asking myself the right questions) and manipulating objects abstractly via internal visualizations.
&gt; It's a part of the sentence that has no meaning other than make the sentence syntactically correct  I always assumed the "it" here refers to the local environment.  Why would it be any different?
It sounds like from the skills you have you could find better work in almost any machine shop. Threading pipe isn't glamorous, but pays more.  Also if you're willing to relocate out west, there should be opportunities working for companies that service oil and gas industry.
I went over to a friends house once and watched his big brother finish Metroid (NES), start to finish in one go.  It was amazing.  It made such an impression that it stayed with me all these years.
If you're like me it won't matter, you'll just end up calling it "cat" all the time.
I got this one during the winter sale based on the good reviews, but haven't started it yet.
&gt; but I was one of the several thousand stranded on the street and ended up sleeping in my car overnight during the Atlanta Snow Jam of 2014.  I never understood that whole thing.. there was around a micron of snow on the ground which somehow disrupted traffic so bad people stayed in their cars?  Why didn't anyone just get out and walk an hour or two home?  Or to a department store, gas station etc?
Yes I too get excessively long load times with the new beta patch.
&gt; If the population segment does not have the IQ to handle the coming coding, science, and critical thinking there is no way to retrain them for the jobs that are needed.  I've found that anyone with average intelligence can do technician-level work in a knowledge-based field.  The primary factor to retraining and success is more of motivation than intelligence.
The exit to this is, I think, exit 22 off I-84 if you're traveling west-bound, and it's an absolute death trap.  Not only is the interstate curvy through the gorge, but this exit is a LEFT EXIT. To make it worse, the exit continues straight into the damned parking lot, while the actual road curves to the right, which looks very similar to a normal HWY exit.  If it's dark and rainy, it's very easy to take exit 22 while thinking you're on the interstate.  It got to be that every time I drove that stretch I would need to specifically hug the right side of the road to avoid taking the exit.  Terrible design.
"Honey, it's time we're having steaks tonight!  Fire up the grill!" -farmer
I have a surface pro for work. It's pretty good, although the keyboard and hinge at the back (or the flap if you have a case) takes up a larger area than a macbook air, for example.  The one feature I love is the ability to take and store handwritten notes on it.  The pen-writing is very high fidelity.
I already use something similar at work.  Is great for parallelizing numerical jobs.
To my limited understanding, the reason people don't live indefinitely on heart machines is due to infection.  How did this guy not acquire life-threatening infection?
I don't know much about finance, but isn't what you describe the business model used by every bank (like the one I have my checking account at)?
I was always confused and disappointed by the ending to that series.  Maybe I should re-read it.
MDF disintegrates when wet, so I always avoid it.  I typically like using real wood like pine, which is inexpensive and durable.
[Here is a good, short paper](http://www.ee.ucr.edu/~rlake/Whitesides_writing_res_paper.pdf),  describing how to write a paper, but from a chemistry angle. Nevertheless, the general principles extend to writing any type of scientific document.  I, personally, tend to write papers largely without a serious outline.  I do it by: (1) brainstorming the overall story for the paper, i.e., what one-line synopsis will the reader take away after reading?  (2) I make high quality figures of the main results that complement and support the conclusions I want to convey in order to tell the story.  (3) *Then* I start writing, by first formulating the "results and discussion" section (or maybe separating the results and discussion into two sections). (4) I finish the paper by writing the introduction, and finally, the abstract.  The paper/article can change dramatically while writing results/discussion, depending on additional literature citations, so writing the abstract at the end is key. (5) Abstract/summary: should hook the readers who got enticed by your interesting title, compelling them to read the remaining sections of the article.
I would be surprised if that wasn't a very serious injury.  Broken bones, lacerations, soft tissue neck damage, etc.  Feel really sorry for that kid.
I need a browser add on that replaces his name with DumDum..
I couldn't get into the first episode I tried to watch a while back.  Maybe I'll give it another go.  I like quirky TV comedies like the office, but really hated parks and recreation.  Is there a similar show to this one that I might have seen that will keep me going until I'm hooked?
Project99 is an original EQ emulation of the game as it was around Ruins of Kunark.  Definitely worth looking into if you liked older EQ more than the modern version.  It's a pretty active server, with 1000+ on normally.   Nothing like experiencing the EC tunnel like it was before the Bazaar.    Also, ignore those praising WoW, they just don't know any better.
Honestly I don't know why she stuck around so long.
But he weirdly drank some water on tv once. I think that disqualifies him....
You should add "can't afford it". Scientists don't make nearly as much money as other doctors.
Yeah Obama was extremely pro-science.  Trump is extremely anti-science.  I can tell you from experience that government scientists will be watching very closely what Trump does over the next couple of days.
I vividly remember before, during, and after the bush years, and it was absolutely nothing like this.  The last few republican presidents have all started wars.  It'll be interesting to see if Trump follows suit.
I never felt that way. My PhD years were great.  I had a great advisor, and our department was very supportive of its graduate students.
&gt; the scientists at NOAA and DOE and the people at Fish and wildlife, NASA, CMS and yes the IRS  Hey now, there are DOD scientists. We exist!  Lots of military R&amp;D to be done.  It's unclear to what extent this freeze affects DOD civilians.
My wife had accepted a tentative job offer with the DOD, but now the military has put hiring on "pause" (internal memo) while they await further guidance from OPM. The hiring freezes are irresponsible, costly, and completely unnecessary.  The federal workforce hasn't been this small since around 1967 (according to one report).  It's absolutely crazy to begin dismantling the United States government just as the world is experiencing great financial and political uncertainty.
I saw 1 3D movie, and was extremely underwhelmed.
I'm sorry to hear your situation.  Don't let pride stop you from going to food pantries.  People donate great stuff, so put it to use!
I put my dishes on the counter next to the sink, leaving it free for getting water etc.  dishes don't sit on the counter long. Getting into the habit of putting dirty ones in the dishwasher (after a rinse) helps too.
FFVII will always hold a special place in my heart.  I remember parasite eve being good except for endlessly running around the Chrysler building.
