The issue I had with my rail asp is the 4 small rails and the 2 medium rails don't fire at the same time.    I would swap between the small and medium in combat.     Eventually I ended up going to a full multicannon setup.   4 small and 2 medium multicannons shred targets.
Vulture after t6, then a t7, then an asp.   I ran the vulture/asp combo doing combat and rare runs.   I found the asp excellent for running rares.   The t6 has good range,  but your far less vulnerable in the asp.    From the vulture/asp combo I went to the center python.   It's been my main ship despite adding the fdl and the anaconda.
It's also the cheapest built stick I have ever seen.     I took the dive on it knowing the bad reviews,  and it's held up,  but it's light,  and feels super cheap.   It creeks and has lots of play in the stick.     It's got a shit load of buttons,  lots are of no use for elite,  and the 3 hats on the stick seems silly as its very awkward to use.     I'd advise against it,  but to each their own.   If you were in Canada I'd sell you mine.
I have never done any mining,  but am thinking about trying.   My anaconda is collecting dust atm,  so I might as well try that.   What's involved for mining?   Do I need a lot of mining lasers,  or is 2 enough?   I assume I need a refinery,  cargo space,  and drones to collect?
Few months ago my work became so stressful that I started getting anxiety attacks.   I sacked up my pride and talked to my doctor,  who prescribed an anti depressant.   Now I feel much better.   The worry is still there,  but my stress peaks and valleys is more smooth,  I'm able to keep things in perspective.   It probably saved my life.    Side effect... I have the runs all day,  every day.
Been there myself,  I know your pain    Count yourself lucky the friction didn't lead to bleeding and a subsequent infection..   Worst 4 weeks of my life.   Well written
Grind it to the viper.   If you find someone to help you,  hit a res and knock off a few bounties.   Two dropships or clippers and you have 200-300k, and your into a viper in no time.    I spent less then an hour in my sidewinder.
I'd steal every pair of Emma stones panties.
Would bang
I'd murder the he'll out of all the cheerios,  fruit loops and corn pops
For me,  predator... Was my live for so many years....   Fury road though.... That shit is flawless.
I got drunk and screwed a bunch of girls.   Gave me fuckload of confidence
I try not to kill other commanders.   And anytime I do its usually in defence.     Past few days I have been near lhs 3447 or whatever the starting system is.   I was in a res with my anaconda helping some new players along when I hit a npc cop and became wanted.    I melted the 3 police Eagles that were pestering me and was making my way out of the ring and 2 commanders,  one in a viper,  other in a cobra decided to go after my bounty.   I warned them and ended up putting both down to 5% health.   One drifted,  other spun until he smashed against my shields.
I was running 4 fixed medium pulse and a large gimball pulse on the bottom.
I have been in that system for a few days with my python and anaconda helping new players,  bit last night atleast a dozen skilled pilots rolled in and we're wrecking cmdrs all over.
Kinguin was fine.   I got mine there.  Ship,  week of premium and a walk of gold for $9.  I haven't heard of anyone who got hosed from them.
holy shit.  Im at nearly $65 with nothing but dabloons and half a dozen camo
I take rudder shift on everything but a few of the USN destroyers.
Great video.   I did the USN line to the Baltimore but haven't really used it more than 3 or 4 times since I got it a month ago.   I was considering free xp to the des moins,  but the zao seems like a much better boat.    So I started the ign cruiser line and I am working the myoko.   I haven't used it much as my division mates are all far behind me,  but I'm really liking it.   I find it just slams AP into anyone who sails sideways.    Part of me is not looking forward to the Mogami as I hate high angle.   The zao looks awesome.     Worst part is sitting on 20,000 gold.... The temptation to jump to a TX is brutal.
My new Mexico has been one of my best ships,  but it's boring as hell.  The fuso plays more exciting.   It feels like a faster reload and turret traverse.   With my Mex,  I push and brawl.   My fuso is great for pushing too,  as once your within 14km, it's accuracy is outstanding.     It's real hard to say what one I think is better.   My fuso has my highest damage game,  my Mex has a better win rate and more consistent damage .   My fuso gets more kills and occasionally gets those one man army matches where it goes full kraken.     I find the nagato boring as fuck.
Mex should be fine.     I kept my Mexico and fuso for ranked.   As well the Murmansk is great.    Myoko and York,  and my nuberg will get a few games in.     After that,  the wica(Polish dd) Kiev,  nagato,  and my new north Carolina.   If the tirpitz comes out,  I want to get it(not just for ranked,  but higher tier credit generation).   I'm hoping the wica and North Carolina will be enough to get me to rank1
Thanks,  with only around 2k games,  I didn't know that.  :)
Personally I take the extra speed and faster turning of the Kiev over it anyway.   The tash is a sloth
Situation depending though.   I have been caught far outta position before because I'm the only one who knows there is a dd going wide
Good video.    After watching one of your previous atego videos I ended up purchasing it with my Santa gold.   I have the myoko,  but the atego is a beast.   And shit,  it makes silver like crazy.   I haven't had a match that made less than 400,000cr  From watching your video,  I think I want to get the incoming fire warning perk.... Seems like a good way to protect that citadel.
56.41% 1 star from rank 11  been rolling bad teams.  they just scatter in the wind and die.  5 games tonight, won 3, but me and my atego have been first in every single one.  I can only carry a team so far.   How am I getting paired with guys who have 30% winrate?
I carry.   Nearly all the matches I am top spot,  win or loose.   The only time I recall not being top was one match where I got smoked early in by a friend of mine who was on the other team.     I had hoped there would be a sorting system to keep shit players and good players apart.    I went 3 matches last night with a Benson on my team and each time,  he said straight through a,  wouldn't even torp,  and die without firing a shot....and yet had over 1k games.
The Murmansk will get you 200-300k on average per match.    The atego will get you 350-450k average per match.     My atego gets me no less than 400k every round,  with as high as 808,000cr
In my frozen wasteland of Canada,  the base game that I purchased in beta cost me $77 and horizon cost $70.   So Yah.... Over $140 for Ed for me.   When it came out,  horizon cost as much as a AAA title.
I have an 1850sq ft home in kanata Water is 120 every 2 months I think.   Gas is $90 Hydro is around $200 a month.
I'm always happy to criticize my team.   If they play like morons and are not told,  they will never learn.   I haven't played ranked in a week,  but if I'm in rank 9 with over 60% win ratio,  and your rank 15 with less than 30% win ratio and your charge in and die in the first 90 seconds.... I'm going to let you know how you fucked up.   I may even pm you to let you know what you did wrong and suggest you remain in coop until you learn that a mahan shouldn't rush a tirpitz firing ap and not torps.
Property tax increases,  but utilities should be the same.   Homes will use more hydro/gas depending on how old they are.   My home is 6 years old so it's reasonably efficient.
Yep,  and I even had to watch that 50shades movie with my wife.     Even worse than the airbuddies sequels..... Worse than home alone 4
An example of a movie that knows how silly it is,  and still manages to be excellent is "pain and gain".   Furious 7 was a 0/10 movie.    I went with a bunch of friends and I convinced them to see it instead of Chapie.... First time I stood up and booed a movie.   My friends still have not forgiven me.     It's a shame Paul will be remembered for it and not an actual good movie like "hours"
I find it surprisingly fun boat after all the bad press leading up to it.  The HE has a great, flat trajectory and really good range for its tier.  Its decent for starting fires, and really good for thumping destroyers.
Just play the game.   I never paid attention to the missions and I got both ships already just through regular play.
Picked one up after seeing this thread.... Forgot how op this ship is   3 games and 14 kills...
Listen,  America is in a bad place right now.   Your front runners are absolutely brutal.   But here in Canada,  Trudeau is a disaster.   Muslim stance aside,  he economic policies are outrageous.   His father was a terrible leader,  and he has even less sense.    Our economy is in ruin,  and we survived off our oil production,  but Trudeau and his liberals have canned that whole industry.   His spending is exponentially higher than anyone before him.... But none of it is stimulus.   Taxes are going up,  debt is exploding,  dollar is plummeting.   As for weed... Thats someone he sold to get votes,  but we won't see that for years,  because like him promising to bring in 25,000 refugees before last December when we were only capable to do 1/3 of that(and even then,  we have put them up in hotels because we don't have facilities to handle them),  he just tosses out promises without knowing what's involved in achieving things.     His 4 year plan is to run debt for the first 3 years(even though his first year will be triple what he promised) and then snap his fingers and balance the books and oat everything down magically in the 4th year.     That's a liberal arts degree.... A gold spoon elitist rich kid from a rich family.    2 years ago as an MP,  he only showed up for work 1/3 of the time.
Sorry to go off like that.    I don't have links on me as I'm stuck shopping with wife and kids, but when I get in,  I'll send u want I can.     The weed thing is odd,  because I agree it's an outdated law,  but it's one of those laws that because it's been such a big deal for so long,  tossing it is a huge deal with loads of red tape.   All our provinces and territories have their own laws on it,  so it needs to be negotiated with all the premiers,  not to mention what do you do with all the people in prison for weed already?   That's thousands of appeals and case reviews.    And his plan is not for everyone to be able to grow and sell it... He wants it to be a state run business...  Trudeau had said he would make it a day 1 change,  but the reality is change like this takes years.   The debate on the legal age for weed could take years alone.      Not like that's a big deal on its own,  it's the idea that he thinks he can drop in and make changes with a snap of his finger.... He has no understanding of the process.    This was clear when he promised to bring in 25k Syrians in 60 days.... Not understanding that we don't have the capability to do that.... And 4 months later we are not even half of his 30 day target.... We literally have refugees in hotels.....we kicked soldiers out of barracks in December so refugee's could use them.   He grated all Syrian refugees immediate permanent resident status,  citizenship... But refugees from other nations have to wait half a decade.   It's not fair... But it is hip and popular on social media.    All while spending nothing on our homeless.     Syrian refugees get a food allowance.... $63 per person,  per day.... So a family of 4 gets more money than in a single day for food than I use for my family of 4 in a week.    They also get full medical benefits,  including eyes and dental.... I am a born Canadian and I don't get that.   My kids 2, and 6 don't get half the coverage ad these refugees.      He also gave our national news corporation $150million.... So nothing but pro Trudeau news...
The Na server runs less than 15k players on average.   Even if you only had half a dozen on at once,  it's better than nothing.     Back in navy field,  there was only a few game managers at any time,  but it helped.     The system right now has nothing.
Wow.   As someone with a speedy machine and raid ssd drives,  this extends my wait.... But may cut down in afk.... So torn
Yah,  usually when it's odd numbers of classes,  a skilled player can sometimes overcome and in 2v3 BB match the team with fewer BB and an extra dd,  but this match there was nothing to counter the amagi.   It stays in the open with a mogami preventing our destroyers from getting near,  and we don't have anything that can hit the amagi.... If it balanced the mogami on our side,  it may be able to land some hits and rum before the amagi could engage,  but with all our ships having sub 16km range,  the amagi was untouchable.   Needless to say,  the match was a disaster.   We tried to use the islands as cover and stealth while they took the objective in the open... Our Pensacola decided to charge the amagi like a retard and was erased before 90 seconds had passed.   The rest of us got cut apart in the islands using their destroyers to spot and the amagi to delete us from range.      I'm a good player,  I carry all the time and am always first or second in the match,  and usually when I see mismatches I can often overcome.... But this was a nowin scenario.
Originally I was annoyed that I couldn't progress project R in ranked,  but then ranked was such a frustration that it's nice to have an objective in random.   Still,  the R stuff takes very little time.
Replay helps for sure,  but I have had success.    I was in a ranked battle and our tirpitz started firing torps at friendlies.   Didn't sink any but damaged 4 ships.   I took a dozen screens and it was enough.
Its all fucked up tonight.  Been playing for quite some time now, but I have never seen random where my T6 is being put in T10 matches before.
I worked for the company that used to clean and maintain them.    Nice area,  shit laundry facilities.   Meth heads in the house to the east.
Mogami gets great range,  and I use mine to burn down battleships.   Several salvos from a mogami will turn away any pushing battleships.   I support my battleships,  hammering enemy battleships to force them to turn and giving my battleships a chance at broadsides.      If Island cover is good and you can get within 10km, and with proper use,  you can basically end any destroyer that shows itself.   Sequential fire into destroyer smoke is awesome.   It fires more shells per salvo than any ship in the game.      Sub 12km against most ships broadside,  you can AP like a motherfucker.   Broadsiding cruisers up close is awesome.   I have rolled parallel to other t8 cruisers and single salvo ended them with AP  rolling in +5 citadel hits in a single blow.    The other day on shatter I was chasing a dd and got beached on an island... Enemy north Carolina comes round the island at 4km, charging at our retreating nagato.   I loaded ap and slammed him full broadside over and over and took him from full health to death before he got a second salvo off on me(he over penetrated).
up close, it can do real damage.  Hell, I had a cleveland come within 4km of my NC and it nearly tore me to shreds
That's what I did at first,  but now I keep several clutch ships for each tier. ... Team battles and ranked benefit from variety.    Now I only get rid of the most terrible boats.   Also helps for events or challenges that popup.   This was very handy for the KamikazeR missions that required specific goals at specific tiers.
I used the Kiev in season 1.  It can absolutely shut down a battleship with so few ships to focus on her,  and in a knife fight it's really good vs another dd,  but detection range is a kicker.   The blys essentially nullifies the Kiev in most situations
