God we're just fucked. Why did people think it was a good idea to leave? All my family voted leave except me and I asked them why and they have NO IDEA WHY THEY VOTED LEAVE.  This is madness. We're fucked guys.
I'm the eldest child.
I bottled it and did to qualify bets today. Couldn't see no extra time.
I'd have gone gay for Giroud long before this goal.
Apparently that's been illegal to do for long before Sky. I remember reading something along those lines.
I'm sorry for your downvotes.   I'm^not^sorry
I said last year when I saw us playing him that he's almost impossible to dispossess. I don't get it, the ball just sticks to his fucking feet. When he keeps himself fit he's a beast.
I do watch some City and he's never really impressed. But you watch more than me so I'll take your word for it.
I know i'm a Liverpool fan and I swear i'm not being arsey, I understand he's won a Premier League medal, but who the fuck is this guy? I literally don't remember him. Did he play much for you guys? Edit: I googled him and remember him for his mohawk. What happened to that guy?
Hell, I'm a relief chef for a catering company that does meals for companies lunch, like head offices for Sony, Regatta, AO etc. No one ever questions me. I turn up wearing a hoodie and carrying by bag with knives and chef clothes in them, at security I simply say "I'm here to work in the kitchen today" and I literally sign in, get pointed in the right direction and away I go. No ID, no nothing. Hell, most of the time I get given a security badge to get me through doors or barriers.
I climbed from 1300 to 2050 solo I thought I did good :(
You completely missed the part where I said I wasn't bothered by you lot doing it last week?
No it was to show that I wasn't just hating on long ball play because I don't see an issue with it. The two scenario's were different in the sense that we did it from the 91st minute onwards but whatever floats your boat.
He was brought on in the 75th minute. Our long balls were clearances when we were 1-0 up to try and get rid of pressure. I don't have a problem with long balls at all, it's part of the game. The two situations are different.
Level 200 or so. Played in all 3 comp seasons. Currently Plat. Did not know about this.
While we're at it, if my game crashes or freezes as a game starts up and I have to ALT+F4 or task manager close it, I literally relaunch the game quick enough to get back in before the match even starts, yet it won't allow you. It just bans you for 10 mins and -50CP. Why is this? My game has frozen, if i'm not back within a minute, sure, cancel the game like you usually would but this makes no sense.
Oh it's only happened maybe twice this season but it's enough to annoy me about the system.
~~gg ez~~ I feel very, very small... please hold me..
Too true. You NEVER need to walk, you're telling yourself you need to but you really don't. Just slow down, take it easy, focus on your breathing. I'm not an expert runner by any stretch of the imagination and in the 3 years since i've started running i've never taken a walk break that wasn't planned as part of my workout.
My girlfriend came out on my birthday and insisted the guys still took me to the strip club for my birthday tradition. She also got a dance with me for a laugh.
Eh, he could play. He just probably wouldn't play very well. Like me at 5-a-side on a Monday after getting in at 5am Sunday morning pissed up.
People keep going on about players having to fly home like it doesn't count as a rest day. They're on private jets, not ryanair. They're not squashed into an aisle next to a fat bloke with his wife and screaming kid. These jets are more comfortable than my living room.
Thought that was Klavans wife.
I hit 2600 last season, ended around 2450, won 7/10 and placed 2456. So it kinda worked out fine for me. Plus the sr boost after just placing kicked on and I played 2 games after placing and got +100 SR total after winning them both.
Seemed to work fine for me, I must be an exception. Highest was 2600, finished 2450, won 7/10, placed 2456.
If I played dps I'd probably float around in silver. Playing mercy only will maybe help me hit diamond this season. People do recognise and appreciate you, I'm always on the medals screen, I get constant "wp great rez" etc.     In fact, the greatest compliment you can get is like after round 1 on KotH having the opposition team comp change to something like a Winston/tracer or suddenly their Pharah literally just follows you around. Even if your team doesn't realise the great job you're doing the opponent definitely does.
So basically for 17 years I've thought that was a spear but really it was a perfect DDT. Calculated.
To be fair, yeah, we did get £15m for Jordan Ibe ¯\\_ (ツ) _/¯
51 YEARS OF HURT    NEVER STOPPED ME DREAMING
Yeah it happened to me with a friend yesterday on Numbani, I was dead next to the point in overtime and from my perspective I could see the payload from the side, my friend flew in as D.Va and ulted, I assumed it was because of the split second she breaks from mech the game probably doesn't count anyone as being there at all.
I remember when £20m got you Fernando Torres. Good times.
Killing a road or rein 1v1 as Mercy is an insta teabag from me. Rein is pretty easy as long as he's used his charge before you engage.
Literally all the fucking time. Cutting to someone sat on the bench or the manager while you can hear the game going on is fucking infuriating. I still remember them almost missing Cesc's goal vs Spurs from kickoff a few years back because they were still fucking around from the first goal.
Mate central Manchester is sound. Was there yesterday at Fazenda is Spinningfields, was a top day even with the meat sweats.
You'd think Manchester though would take it. I'm travelling from Manchester to New Zealand for example (with transfers in Asia).
Mine is Rat. Damn you Dirty Rat.
When I first started playing I used to play WoW so I thought Icy Veins would be a great help for HS decks too. I crafted a lot of their decks.. They were not good looking back. I crafted King Krush because they put it in some random ass deck. I used to DE legendaries and craft new ones based on their decklists.
Be like me lending a fiver to a mate that I know i'm not getting back.
I wouldn't say plat. I'd say gold. High gold is where you start meeting people who kinda know what they're doing, plat is full of above average players and then you hit diamond and the salt really hits you from every angle.  Source: climbed from silver to diamond over 3 seasons.
Muesli and one slice of toast. Unbuttered.
I have a few I'm missing, mainly ones I've de'd because I needed dust like ETC, Cho and the Beast.
Oh man, I remember CTRL+F'ing the fuck out of that list.
It's so easy to stream mate if you have a connection above say 3/4 meg. Trying not to sound condescending but if you need any help or where to go let me know. You might know all this anyway but thought I'd put it out there just in case.
Fair play. Unfortunately if you want to do that over here it eats a good £80 a month or so out your pocket.
I just came here to say that Renee looks really pretty on talking smack this week. That is all.
I only called her pretty. I'm sure she'd enjoy a simple non vulgar comment about how she looked. I know I would.
If it makes you feel better you brighten my day with your [when i'm Liverpool](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bC0blVC_4Zo) videos. [Here is an apt screenshot of one of yours for you &lt;3](https://i.gyazo.com/3ee8a19dcd93225a3c1601706d7ded8c.png)
Mate have you tried counting a load of those new tenners. Wouldn't wish it on anyone.
When can we expect When i'm Klavan, /u/huge_hog ?
I don't have an understanding of football how exactly? I'm not saying anything that's wrong, you're just being weird.    Also, see my comment regarding the Defour attempt at doing a Puncheon to Can yesterday in my profile if you like.
