omg wait no I remember. I talked to you already! xD
&gt;"That was a good talk!"  &gt;"No it wasn't!"   I actually loved that.
IT'S HAPPENING!   I reaaaaaally wanna be early for this one because I'm from the same country Jack Warner is from and have a few relevant questions for once
Nope. Hayley is older. By about 2 months lol  EDIT: I'm an idiot
I was born via C section (suck it, Macbeth) and I am extremely close to my mom. No way was it done because of any kind of ulterior motive. I guess maybe they showed it that way because they didn't really want to humanize her mom and I understand why.
She's 16.
I had to Google that.
It's actually okay. It's a double. It looks nothing like her. I thought it might be a double, since the actress is an actual Bollywood actress and doing a nude scene like that can cause controversy she doesn't need for her career.  I know I'm getting downvoted but guys. She's like a sister to me. 😭
HAH. Yeah. :P But in all seriousness, it was a fantastic arc. And her dad is cool. :)
I kinda meant Nomi's mom
They told me. It was the bus turning and slamming into the bike and the airbrushed Van Damme 'kicking'the Superpower guy off the bike
OH SHIT. MY LIFE IS A LIE.   Oh holy crap. Time to download Safari.
I always forget how entertaining that episode was. People always cite it when hating on Gatiss and, while it's probably his weakest, it's still pretty fun! I'm starting to appreciate Series 2 in general a lot more.
The other guy is me. And I actually think the version he used is better. I think the mods of this sub shouldn't use the tags that you see in the sidebar (that I used) and implement the ones that /r/marvelstudios, /r/FlashTV, etc. use
I remember something on Daily Show
Yeah it's true. Still pushed a child out of a window though.   That said. I love him and he's one of my favourites on the show
Oh Jesus Christ.   Wait, does this mean Shona doesn't get to finish her Game of Thrones marathon? :'(
I know that. But I still felt sorry for her.   In fact I take it back. Nobody deserves that.
I need this in my life.
I live for Coulson at the front.
I might, thanks!
I think I do this, just without the expectation of reciprocated feelings. And I'm pretty outright with my feelings too. I just like to have friends. Like basically the last panel happened to me but I didn't go into a hissy fit about it or even talk about my disapproval with her. Like, some of my other friends knew the heartbreak but I never used it to guilt trip
Wow, my friend pays about a third of that price for the same speed and unlimited. :(  EDIT: Third world country too btw.
I use the apps, but there are several reasons. Gold features are one.
like mine. :(
Nah, you're gonna have to settle with being Electro.   Also fun fact: my parents almost named me Dillon.,
I loved that movie when I was 7 omg. I wonder if it holds up.
Maria. It's okay, i get mixed up with the names too sometimes. Once mixed up Viserys Targaryen for Varys in Game of Thrones. Haha.   I always remember Maria though because her actress has a part in Person of Interest.
No, it's not that. It's people on not even 700 Club. Normal Christian shows. Like where normal Christian kids say they're ridiculed and called "Jesus freaks". I always thought that wasn't serious but once my (agnostic) friend from the US casually said someone was a "Jesus freak" and I was really disturbed. Like. That's pretty offensive. :/
My friend has a 2K monitor that is 4:3 I believe. Though that wouldn't really be 2K
Of course! When it's 2 AM and you're with friends and your friend has a 56" screen and Halo 4 and lots of salty snacks, that's living the dream just as much as playing a game on the PC!
Yeah I'll do that. I actually considered this before and went with this option.
I went to bed around 6 something, but that was mostly because of Undertale
Ahhhh I see. Maybe I'll try it now.
When you said "run button" I didn't realise you meant FLEE and  thought there was a sprint button I didn't know about. Thought it was Skyrim all over again.
I didn't know I was in the game Remember Me or that Black Mirror Series 1 finale
Omg I love it. So jealous. And happy birthday!
I know Chris and love his videos and I've seen Plinkett referenced a lot but I still have no idea who he is
I mean. Look at the entries for iCarly. I had a great time reading that last night.
Yeah, I kept screaming at them to go with Dogaressa first haha
Tiny? He seems to have everything in order! I'm genuinely happy for him.
I'm gonna set up my new PC (FX 6300, R9 380) with a 1024x768 CRT monitor.
Yeah, those were really well-received.   Btw, you should totally ask the mods here for "I do CrossFit" flair.
me
as a kid, I loved YuGiOh. And I think the Death Note dub is spectacular tbh
I used to hate both of those fonts but ever since playing Undertale, I kind of love them.   It still sucks seeing the names of the Apostles carved in woodin Comic Sans in the columns of my church though. Like, that's not appropriate.
crap. I have a 212 evo for it and not gonna overclock for the foreseeable period.
This is like the worst news ever. I hope it doesn't happen in my region.
I tried my darn best to make that as non-sexual as possible.
omg I want to know too
