Been there, there is a company in the NW New York region that does the same thing.  They tried to map the drives with group policy but one out of 5 people it failed (guestimate) so everytime they changed something we'd have 50-100 people putting tickets in and/or calling "OMG my Stuff is gone!"  after so many times of hearing "why does this keep happening" all you can say is Server Admins.
oh yeah.. i have a couple that are maxed tokens that i just quit heroics on because i couldn't trade stuff in for anything i wanted... i'll have to check this out.  Thanks for the heads up!
i used putty tray quite a bit.  worked nice.. most of the time just use straight putty now though
well yeah... you just replace the stick.  generally speaking when someone said hardware repair they mean swapping parts to make the larger whole work rather than the individual part.  who has that kind of time lol (as i say posting to reddit from work lol)
almost all self service tools will require some sort of setup at the admin level and may require changes to AD.  here is one to get you started [Nervepoint](https://www.nervepoint.com/en/) but there are many others.  googling something like Active directory self service should get you on the right path.  Just be aware if 90% of your calls are password resets you maybe automating your self out of a job ;-)
A+ isn't worth much, but not totally useless.  I don't know about now but 15 years ago when i took mine it was to prove that you had the knowledge equivalent to 6 months experience.  You are better off taking a entry level help desk job where they teach you everything you need to know as you go.  after a couple months you'll have the base knowledge you need, make money getting the knowledge and real work experience to help you find a direction to go if you want to continue in IT.  If you got someone paying for you to get the course and/or test then sure why not.
was fun, had the scorecard bug out before but usually fixes itself somehow.
oh, i never played outside sub.  that is a kick in the nuts.
i'm in NY/PA area, play Harbinger if you want the fastest pops.  usually under 100 ping unless atlanticbb is taking a dump.
oh yeah got ya... they probably would've had a chance if it wasn't 4 sorcs.  Did get a bit cocky and was throwing out dots which almost got me killed but forced the merc to back of and heal some.  before i hit record we had  quite a few droping out .. but they where all healers lol
while your system *should* be fine to run at 1080p it is starting to get dated.  Personally if you have a 'few extra' bucks (i know right?) I would get a 240GB ssd, consumer versions can be found for less than $80USD easily and you can take it to a new pc fairly easy if you upgrade in the next year or so.  But if you cannot afford that.. try unleashed.  if it helps, maybe upgrade to more ram and put larger amounts of the game to the RAM disk.  For a while I ran the whole game out of a RAM Disk, while it wasn't really much faster than an SSD, the frame rate was much more consistant than running off of a western digital green drive.  ignore the nay sayers about it only helping with loading times, while normally they would be correct, the SW:TOR engine is really bad and loads stuff from disk way too much :-(
maybe someone jumped as the elevator was going down?  someone did that at work and was stuck in there for hours...
IMO mercs are fun to play... i'm more of a pvper but when i'm doing the weekly heroic 2's i love doing them on my merc.
lol all but one or two.. the RDP someones computer while they're driveing.. i dont' get... their laptop in the car wtih them.. or while they are out of the office and you rdp in to their desktop to .. uh.. fix things. that one yeah.  but change some of the names like cox -&gt; comcast -&gt; windstream -&gt; atlanticbb -&gt; MCI then yeah :-)
&gt;  I've heard immortal Juggs in Dps gear are pretty terrifying  unless you use a 60 token or are fast leveler, they will probably be nerfed by the time you get to 65.  but currently yeah.. pretty rough in pvp..  I like actually being a tank rather than trying to top the boards though... the dps immortals can still tank pretty well though.. just not for me.
LOL there is a person on Harb, Punky-brewseter (or something along those lines) that is an agent (no AC) and level 65 and PVPs.  Used to hate playing with them...  but it appears they actually have some idea what their doing at least.. probably more than most.  I'm going to level with a friend sometime reasonably soon and not pick an AC, probably scoundrel or trooper just for the fun of it.
I know i gave up on mine.  was very good when 55 was max at heals but now.... very easy to keep myself alive but everyone else is another story... other than stun lock classes the only thing Sorc heals has to worry about is double nets and lag (missing bubble)
reliablity.  My OVH $3.5 has been down multiple times due to a network outage of some sort.  They say it has been fixed and shouldn't happen again.. but the first time took many hours to make them realize it was their problem and not the VPS after they wiped my VPS cause it worked for them just fine.. (i was okay with that cause i had nothing on it yet anyway) and then again it was down for better part of a day.  I don't have DO currently but seems like their reliablity is good/great and their vps's scale really well.  IMO go with Digital Ocean if you got something important, if you don't have really anything important and just playing round/testing the cheap OVH VPS is great.
every now and then i try it when i'm bored.  i haven't gotten anything than rep tokens in a long while.
I recently started taking new medication that has put by blood pressure up so high it is screwing with my vision.  I got a call from one of our offices across town, I decide i'll just go over since *EVERY ONE* was having the same problem and not able to login.  I work in Western New York... we got quite a bit of snow this past week (though nothing like last year)  I get in the car and start down the road, sliding around and watching others being stupid like they never saw snow on the road before and getting mad at them shot up my blood pressure and now i can barely see.  Out of no where I see something run out in front of me and it was big like a large bear or small car...  so i slam on the breaks and start sliding off the road.  Luckily I have enough experience with sliding that i'm able to control with out being able to see hardly at all and the road is straight i get stopped and jump out of the car cause i know i hit whatever jumped out in front of me but don't see anything... turns out it was just my eyes screwing with me and there was nothing except for parked cars and some scared kids walking to school... i got back in the car doing the "I meant to do that" walk.  I was almost where I was going so I get there find out that *EVERY ONE* uses the same computer.  I turn the caps lock off and and slowly drive back to the main office.
I'm loving Jugg in PVP. I don't do the dps route though and have my HP at ~85k buffed.  Endure Pain + a WZ med pack is a 35-40k heal and unleash is another 8.5k on top of enraged defense. My defense/shield and damage are a bit lower than 'stock' pvp tank gear but the self heals mostly make up for it.  If i have a healer on the team forget it :-)  All the CC and control is awesome as well.  PT PVP tanks are cake, not quite as invincible but the extra range is helpful and still pretty good.  Assassin, i don't know haven't dont much with them in QUITE a while.
/u/williamfny and /u/whirlwind87 i'm a bit south closer to the PA border though i did work for the 'resort' chain for a short while.. think you now which one ;-)  I'm from farther south closer to Pittsburgh..  they say lake effect there  and they get a few inches.. they say lake effect here it's 1 or two feet and hardly anyone bats an eye.  sure was system shock the first winter lol.
Once i disabled music i haven't had any issues. but I've only posted a few that had any voices outside of normal encounters.  With music enabled I had some that where fine but not playable in some countries (North America and Europe mostly)
There are very few jobs where they let you work alone with out at least minimal training or at least a phone number to call if you run into a problem you don't know about.  Especially in the Junior roles.  If there is a job you might be interested in.. apply, if you get an interview.. great and worst case you find out what you need to know to land such a position in the future.  Best case you end up with a job and get more experience to put to your dream of running a DC.  If they don't even call you, don't worry about it.. they probably had 100 resume's put in for it
THIS... just last week i had to drive across down in a snow storm to turn off a caps lock key.  Caps and Num Locks are evil ( though at least windows now gives the warning though no one reads it)  If no one is around have them type in her password in the username box to see if it looks correct.. if it doesn't come up correctly they'll probably notice.. say thank you and hang up ;-)  Also check for silly things on your side.. I could be wrong here but unlocking account won't enabled a disabled or expired account (someone correct me if I am)  so check those as well.  a long shot, also check the allowed logon times.  Don't worry about exchange work one problem at a time once they is able to log into her workstation everything else will probably start to fall into place.  Try logging into another account on that machine see if it works.  remember, never delete accounts unless you are positively absolutely 100% sure that account is no longer needed  and when you are sure.. ask someone else to confirm.  Learning what SIDs are on the fly because you didn't know any better is never fun... so if part of your 'solution' is to delete and create a new account.. don't.. it won't work out as you planned ;-)  ** edit.. was a him not a her.. corrected i think.
if you are just using them for domains and not hosting... godaddy is okay.  I loved namecheap when they first started getting a bit bigger and they started changing their web UI and I don't like it one bit.  I let my remaining domains expire with them or moved them back to godaddy.  Nothing wrong with name cheap, but if i'm going to have a UI I don't like regardless of where i'm at i'm going to stick with the one that has been reliable for me.  Really though, nothing wrong with namecheap other than my personal preference for their website and online tools.  though the one /u/cutalltheshit mentions in namesilo.. it looks like their tools might be exactly what i've been looking for since the namecheap ui revamp.
&gt; oh you didn't pay attention? Have you tried turning it off and on again?  No? try that if it gives an error call me back with the error.  they almost never call back unless it is an actual hardware error "boot drive not found" or something.
yeah i know the feeling.  around me lately.. the persons who does most of it just doesn't have the time.. they eventually get to it though.
yeah almost assuredly  the 32-bit windows.  backup what you need and reinstall windows to the 64bit.  Even if it doesn't fix the WoW problem (it probably will but I havn't played in a long  long time) you will have access to the full 16GB ram which over all should give your system better performance... among other nice things :-)
man.. that sucks.  our level one help desk makes more than you hourly..  I'd probably consider changing jobs.
yeah when my first raid broke i bout crapped myself lol no data loss but enough to make me realize i'm effed if it was just a little worse.  my NAS has a pair of 4tb externals doing nightly backup that i swap out every so often and put in a secure undesclosed location
I use [webmin virtualmin](https://www.virtualmin.com/) which is free but if you want more options you can buy professional.  It is a little more basic but gives all the options I could want and my sites are not tied down by my control panel.. i can remove or break the control panel and my sites will still function..   backups/restores are not overly proprietary so i can take a backup, unzip it and find my DBs, Web files and DNS info in import them into something else pretty easily.
I cannot speak for all devices but the handful I have dealt with the factory reset wipes the data and puts it to the factory default settings.  I don't think it is easily recoverable ether but I've never tried.
something like [THIS?](https://youtu.be/oUUH1o56888) on my QNIX bought around the same time.  I got a new DVI-D cable and new power brick... seems to have corrected my issue.  Though I can tell it is starting to go on me.
i'm sorry i don't remember exactly.. I talked to the guy i bought it from (in Korea) he sent me a new brick.. it worked better but still did it from time to time, i messed with Catalyst settings which also helped I switched DVI-D cables,upgraded to a 7950 card and somewhere along the line it quit doing it all together. I'm not sure what order i did them in :-(
probably my favorite trek movie.  Decent humor and hit me at the right time of my life.
yeah i think that was the problem i was having.  seemed to work with xp and maybe 7 pro but once i did 8/10/server 12 R2 all options would got to 8/10/R2.  But its been quite a few months i don't remember specifics.  I don't have MacOS to try.
Thanks! i was wondering why my s7 was performing about the same as my s4 active I'll give this a try.
I only got Proxima, got her at 19/19/19/20 going to get first gear to 20 as well.  I got the BAM for it but i'm also putting some into fuzing so when i get thanos in a couple weeks i'm not dropping as much gold at once (less of a system shock)  My alliance level is only 15 so i need all the SCD i can get.  20 on the first for more damage though it really isn't needed and the other two because it was an impulse.  If i had an alliance lvl 24 i would probably stop at 17's as it is by far enough damage for any WB.  the last gear i got a old crit chance.  My special gear RNG kinda sucks so unless i need more inventory space i'm not rolling any more until the next update. (though i got a pretty good one for loki, cold damage + stun resist + on hit shield)  i got SG and EM unlocked but only 1 star.
I swear to the founders if i was working there... there would be no ~~piece~~ peace for him or any one around.  I'd be sitting there doing paper work mumbling things like "It is the order of things" or going to the fridge for lunch.. "it is time for the white".. when a new prospective client asks why they should get a Loan from us.. "Loans are life!" or why the payments are do on the first Tuesday of the month.. "do not question the founders"...   oh i'd be canned so fast.. but it would be worth it...
&gt; For what it's worth, well trained welders make MUCH more than $10 an hour.  in my hometown COL was very cheap a couple years back... 10$ and you can live pretty well.. well trained people with just a bit of experience at most any job generally started between 8-10 depending on who their family is ;-)  But it was just an example i pulled out my butt so... don't hold me on to the profession i picked because i happened to see a welding trade school commercial on tv last night :-)  EDIT: oh and it took about 2 years or so before it started to catch up in my area last fed min wage rise.
your gear at lvl 20 and all rolled to SCD should give you around 2000 SCD which would be around 12% (more or less)  Marvel Zombies #2 give SCD as a second stat  Loki Agent of Asgard #17 give SCD as a second stat  I think there are one or two more i just don't know them and the rest of the stats after the first two are fairly random.  I have a bit of SCD on each of my cards. giving me a total of 27%  for me:  * 12% from gear * 27% from cards * 5% from team up with phil * 0% from Alliance (only lvl 15) * total ~44%
have you seen me claim other wise? if you have please point it out.  I could be the sketchiest mo-fo in the the world.. or i could just be someone who just doesn't do many transactions...   so could this guy..  EDIT just noticed [deleted] not surprising... that's not sketchy at all LOL  Anyway OP GLWS
I also have proxima and antmain t2, i'm currently working on wasp as the other t2s i'm not interested in or just not good enough to put the resources into.  I also have EM, SuperGi and BD unlocked but i'm only three, maybe two weeks away on thanos so i'm saving most of my BAM (minus 800 for wasp) for him.
you wouldn't run this on the end user computer... i suppose you could if you had powershell installed on every system but really if you where going to do that there are other ways with out scripting (wmic i think?)  An admin would run this from their desk and they could script it to run on every pc that is turned on in the network.. scripted.  Just because i was curious i ran it on one of our departments here.. worked just fine.  Granted there are probably better more complete packages to monitor inventory and hardware.. but this is quick and fairly simple until one is in place.
Phone calls, hardly ever use my phone as you know.. a phone.  I have no idea what my ring tone.. i think the last time i heard it was when i picked it, and it isn't on silent lol.
hello from PA :-)  yeah those are generally lower level positions
ticket must've been what i was thinking... thanks!  .. getting him to t2 is going to take for freak ever lol ;-)
even then its going to take a couple weeks probably.. and yeah.. i'm actually doing that as long as his abilities aren't dumb.
yeah i wish :-( rolled a dual stat recovery and a 110% energy instead
