How many applications does each facility send in, though? From my experience with grant applications, research groups are constantly writing grant applications. If you come up with four projects and only one is approved, if that one project occupies your whole staff, you aren't missing out on anything. In my experience, this is generally how such things work - they overapply.
Not a lawyer. Bunch of my friends are, though. Happens when you go to Vanderbilt. :V  &gt; If a cop is committing a crime during the investigation, is there anyway the defense could ask that the actual evidence not be admissible? If so, is it probably that motion would be granted?  The question is always whether or not it is relevant to the case. It is a general rule you aren't allowed to admit things which are unrelated to the case, but if it is something is probative to the facts of the case, it may be admissible.  The logs angle is going to be probably specifically what is important here - if a bunch of stuff was seized from his home and not recorded, then it is legitimate for him to argue that the logs of what they claimed they took from his home are untrustworthy. This is a chain of custody issue. However, the most likely argument here from the defense standpoint would be even before the trial to argue that the chain of custody has been broken because the logs are unreliable and there's no way to prove that the evidence seized matches up with what was actually taken from his house because of the inconsistencies in the log, and therefore the evidence should be suppressed. This would probably ruin the prosecution's case. Even if they failed to get it suppressed, presenting evidence that the logs were tampered with/fraudulent may be enough to trigger "reasonable doubt" in the jury.  This is the sort of thing which is likely to be admissible in court - it calls the facts being presented into question, facts which directly pertain to guilt and innocence, and therefore is likely to be probative and relevant. It may be prejudicial in a sense, but it is hard to argue it is unfairly prejudicial because the chain of custody is so important.  On the other hand, a police officer stealing money from his wallet seems less likely to be relevant. That's flat out criminal activity, but it has no particular bearing on the suspect's guilt or innocence as relates to drugs. Does the cop stealing money from the suspect have anything to do with whether or not the guy was dealing meth?  This is known as being probative - basically, the evidence in question needs to be relevant to the factual legal questions of the case. Being the victim of a crime doesn't have any relevance to whether or not you committed an crime yourself.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relevance_(law)  Another issue is whether or not the evidence in question is unfairly prejudicial - basically, "Oh, that cop is a criminal, therefore this person should walk." That's not a valid chain of legal logic, and the fact that so many people immediately jumped to it in this thread is a good example of exactly why such evidence might be excluded - it has no bearing on the suspect's guilt or innocence, and is instead being used to play people's emotions.
I got that it was Einstein and the Jews, but I wasn't expecting it to be Stormfront.
The US homicide rate is undoubtedly much higher than that of most other developed countries. However, the US is not a uniform place; homicide rates vary widely from state to state. The state with the lowest homicide rate is New Hampshire, with a homicide rate of 0.9 per 100k - lower than Canada, France, and the UK. The state with the highest homicide rate is Louisana, with 10.3 homicides per 100k - roughly equivalent to Haiti.  My hometown has a homicide rate of 1 per 100k per year. Somewhere in the realm of 40% of the local population owns guns. And many of the homicides done here are done by outsiders - people who don't live here.  A lot of people make the assumption that the US has very high homicide rates, but while this is true nationally, it isn't really accurate - the homicide rate varies immensely from location to location, and some locations are responsible for a huge fraction of overall murders. And even within those locations, different ethnic groups have very different experiences.  For instance, the white homicide rate in the US is about 2.3 per 100k, which would be on the high end for a European country. The black homicide rate in the US is north of 30 per 100k, worse than Mexico. Blacks, only 13% of the population, are responsible for (and victims of) about 50% of homicides in the US in any given year.  Guns actually play little role in it - if you graph homicide rates on a state-by-state basis, there's no relationship between gun ownership and homicide rates. Indeed, blacks own the fewest guns of any major population group (only 19% of blacks own guns), but commit the most homicides, while whites own the most (43% of whites own guns) and commit far, far fewer (only Asians commit homicide at a lower rate than whites in the US).  The states with the lowest homicide rates - Vermont, New Hampshire, Maine, and Hawaii - have wildly variable gun ownership rates, with the first three having high rates of gun ownership, and Hawaii having the lowest in the country.  &gt; How about the number of people that died?  The number of people who died in the US in mass killings is vastly, vastly, vastly lower than 5%. The US mostly has mass shootings. Bombings kill far more people, and make up about 2/3rds of mass killings globally, but bombings in the US are actually pretty rare.  For the record, the second and third worst mass killings in US history involved bombs. The worst, of course, involved box cutters. And planes.
&gt; What you aren't getting is that genes create protein products that do not simply perform one function.  First off, all the commercial GMOs we've produced have been about single gene products, because those are the simplest things to understand. More complicated interlocking sets of genes are presently not really being used in commercial GMOs to the best of my knowledge because (shock and surprise) they're complicated.  Most of them are specific genes which do more or less one thing. And the fact that they're being taken often from pretty disparate organisms (like, say, bacteria) makes it much less likely they'll interact with other genes.  Moreover, you're making the fundamentally flawed assumption that this is in some way significantly different to what happens when we cross existing breeds of plants; in fact, in reality, such crosses are much *less* reliable in their characteristics than GMOs are.  So if we're worried about GMOs, we should be much MORE worried about standard crosses.  Given that we've been doing standard crosses for millenia, I'm not that worried.  &gt; Pests and pathogens are also living things (except viruses, but let's not get into that) and natural selection is acting on them as well. Maybe you can put a gene into your crop that makes it resistant against a certain virus, but that virus is going to be selected for the ones (if any) that can infect regardless of your gene. So then what? Just CRISPR in another?  Sure, why not?  &gt; Have you ever seen a signal transduction pathway? They aren't nice pretty diagrams where one gene product does one thing...  Yes. I've taken developmental biology.  &gt; If you're just introducing more and more genes, you're even more likely to have cross-talk between molecular pathways.   The worst case scenario is that you're back where you started without the GMO.  In which case, you've done no harm.
I actually explained this previously.  ELY5:  We do not test plants for safety because they are safe.  GMOs are the same as other plants.  Why would we treat GMOs differently?  ----  What part of that was hard for you to understand?  We have never done longitudinal studies on every breed of potato, tomato, wheat, rice, ect. to determine it is safe.  Why would we treat GMOs any differently?  And yes, I do have a degree, thank you very much. I've even done some postgrad work, though I quit doing postgrad in order to get a job because I was tired of going to school.  Your suggestion that GMOs are in some way dangerous is reliant on toxicology. Why else would they be dangerous?
Reminds me of a joke I heard once.  If you want to keep your privacy, cut off all communications with the outside world and live in a shack in the middle of nowhere.  And hope your brother-in-law doesn't recognize your manifesto.
I didn't mean you were "dangerous" in the sense of being a criminal. I simply meant you are more capable of killing people.  &gt; We don't truly even enforce the laws already in place (e.g. Possession of a firearm by a felon)  People go to jail for this all the time. I'm not exactly sure what you mean by that "not being enforced".  &gt; Stripping me of a right that is just as important and necessary to defend our other bill of rights. It is what prevents me from addressing a threat at school or on public grounds.  See, here's the problem:  Guns don't do this.  Guns don't protect our rights. If the government really wants to get you, owning a gun is going to do nothing to stop them. They can kill you from over the horizon line. They can kill you with drones. They have better equipment and training than you do, and outnumber you millions to one.  I hear people cite the virtues of resistance and citing Afghanistan or Iraq. The only reason anyone in Afghanistan is still alive is because the US government doesn't want to kill everyone.  Likewise, guns are very rarely useful in self defense. The idea that you're going to stop a mass shooting with a gun is wrong-headed. You're more likely to kill someone via negligence with a firearm than you are to kill someone in self defense as a civilian, statistically speaking. Stopping an event like a mass shooting - they happen only a few times a year, and the odds are, you won't be in the position to do anything to fix the situation.  I don't have any problem with people owning guns. I own guns.  But I do have problems with the power fantasies that gun manufacturers use to sell guns, because it gives people a misleading idea of how useful a gun is likely to be to them, and guns are dangerous, just as cars are dangerous. They can easily result in death or serious injury if misused.  There's nothing wrong with possessing a gun for self-defense - it is your right as an American to do so. But under most circumstances, a gun isn't actually that useful for self-defense, because a lot of violence is sudden and proximate. The best strategy for self-defense is avoiding dangerous situations in the first place, because once things go pear-shaped, it is bad times no matter what happens.  The only way a gun protects you is by putting a hole in someone before they put a hole in you.
You're right, I don't care. I have long since accepted that it isn't a big deal.  &gt; Why do you want to forcibly invade my life? What gives you the right??  Everyone has the right to access public information. There's a huge amount of it out there.  &gt; Third, you have the freedom to be as private or not-private as you like. That's the beauty of it all. So people can freely read about you fetishizing children's shows, but I get the option to choose a more private life.  Unless someone chooses to write stuff about you or otherwise drill into things.  The reality is, though, it isn't really a big deal.  I think something a lot of people don't understand is that many people really don't have secrets to hide, they don't really care about these things. So when other people talk about their "privacy", they immediately wonder why they're so obsessed with it. And when the people start freaking out, they assume that they're probably hiding something.  And honestly, they're probably right a great deal of the time. If someone is using a VPN, for instance, chances are good they're probably doing something illegal.  If every IP in the world was associated with a unique individual (possible with IPv6), then people's ability to commit crime anonymously online would be severely damaged.  If every street in the US was covered by 24/7 surveillance, then it would be very hard to get away with a lot of crimes.  The reality is that the benefits to these things are quite large.  But they also get rid of a lot of what people think of as privacy.  Searches and seizures are only a small part of what is going on. I think that warrants are and should be legally necessary when searching through non-publicly accessible things. But that's only a small fraction of what is going on which is causing old ideas about privacy to fade.
What the hell school did you go to? Every class I took at Vanderbilt, everything was metric. Heck, we used metric in high school science class.
Wow, really? That sucks. Everywhere I've worked has worked exclusively in metricated units.
To be fair, my parents used to buy wet food for our cat.  Then one day my mom realized that actual, human-grade tuna was cheaper than the canned wet cat food.  So now our cat eats human-grade tuna because it is cheaper than the wet cat food :|
To be fair, I immediately laughed when someone pointed out that the guy was from Florida today. But I understand why it doesn't belong on the sub.
Not at all. I've never cared. RPGs are about stories; I don't self-insert into RPG characters.  One of the first major RPGs I played was FF6, which doesn't even have a traditional protagonist. I see RPGs in that way in general, even though almost all do have individual protagonists.
My family's solution is to bring our own plastic bags and reuse them.
So what's the advantage of the Kraken over the cooler in OP? More overclocking?  I had my 6 year old compy's PSU burn out today and am presently working on assembling a new computer. TBH these posts are more or less along the lines of the sort of thing I'm going for.  Also, what's the difference between a MSI and an ASUS Motherboard? Is there anything practically different about them?
No, we don't rent anything anymore. Haven't in years.
Heh, I still have a political cartoon from the 2000 election stuck to my wall. It is a bunch of guys standing around in gas masks, with one of them asking the other, "Still glad you voted for Nader?"
Hey, leave me out of this!
"Hello, brother."
&gt; A lot of people said it was impossible, and anybody that believed it was a nut job.  I was alive during that time. I don't remember people saying "that's impossible". Indeed, I remember quite the opposite, people talking about the logistics of it and the big data centers the NSA was building.  I think you may be suffering from revisionist history syndrome.
I'm surprised that you think that grass-fed beef tastes better; a lot of people feel the inverse, or just can't tell the difference. Grass-fed beef isn't as marbled and tends to be leaner, and a lot of people like the flavor profile of the fattier corn-fed beef (fat is delicious :9 ) and prefer the texture (grass-fed beef tends to be chewier as a result of its lower fat content). I'm personally in the corn-fed beef crowd; I like my meat tender.
It's fun!  I'd say "except for the time that I got doxxed for editing a Wikipedia article", but that would imply that the doxxing was bad (it wasn't) - moreso the people on Wikipedia who were involved in that particular dispute were not the funnest people to deal with.
"Can I help you?" a voice said. Was I hearing things? I must be hallucinating. Then I looked up and saw a guy walking toward me, wearing a cowboy hat. A helicopter was idling a short distance behind him. If I had been at Edwards and told the search-and-rescue unit that I was going to bail out over the Rogers Dry Lake at a particular time of day, a crew couldn't have gotten to me as fast as that cowboy-pilot had.  The gentleman was Albert Mitchell, Jr., owner of a huge cattle ranch in northeastern New Mexico. I had landed about 1.5 mi. from his ranch house--and from a hangar for his two-place Hughes helicopter. Amazed to see him, I replied I was having a little trouble with my chute. He walked over and collapsed the canopy, anchoring it with several rocks. He had seen Jim and me floating down and had radioed the New Mexico Highway Patrol, the Air Force and the nearest hospital.  Extracting myself from the parachute harness, I discovered the source of those flapping-strap noises heard on the way down. My seat belt and shoulder harness were still draped around me, attached and latched. The lap belt had been shredded on each side of my hips, where the straps had fed through knurled adjustment rollers. The shoulder harness had shredded in a similar manner across my back. The ejection seat had never left the airplane; I had been ripped out of it by the extreme forces, seat belt and shoulder harness still fastened.  I also noted that one of the two lines that supplied oxygen to my pressure suit had come loose, and the other was barely hanging on. If that second line had become detached at high altitude, the deflated pressure suit wouldn t have provided any protection. I knew an oxygen supply was critical for breathing and suit-pressurization, but didn't appreciate how much physical protection an inflated pressure suit could provide. That the suit could withstand forces sufficient to disintegrate an airplane and shred heavy nylon seat belts, yet leave me with only a few bruises and minor whiplash was impressive. I truly appreciated having my own little escape capsule. After helping me with the chute, Mitchell said he'd check on Jim. He climbed into his helicopter, flew a short distance away and returned about 10 min. later with devastating news: Jim was dead. Apparently, he had suffered a broken neck during the aircraft's disintegration and was killed instantly. Mitchell said his ranch foreman would soon arrive to watch over Jim's body until the authorities arrived.  I asked to see Jim and, after verifying there was nothing more that could be done, agreed to let Mitchell fly me to the Tucumcari hospital, about 60 mi. to the south.  I have vivid memories of that helicopter flight, as well. I didn't know much about rotorcraft, but I knew a lot about "red lines," and Mitchell kept the airspeed at or above red line all the way. The little helicopter vibrated and shook a lot more than I thought it should have. I tried to reassure the cowboy-pilot I was feeling OK; there was no need to rush. But since he'd notified the hospital staff that we were inbound, he insisted we get there as soon as possible. I couldn't help but think how ironic it would be to have survived one disaster only to be done in by the helicopter that had come to my rescue.  However, we made it to the hospital safely--and quickly. Soon, I was able to contact Lockheed's flight test office at Edwards. The test team there had been notified initially about the loss of radio and radar contact, then told the aircraft had been lost. They also knew what our flight conditions had been at the time, and assumed no one could have survived. I briefly explained what had happened, describing in fairly accurate detail the flight conditions prior to breakup.  The next day, our flight profile was duplicated on the SR-71 flight simulator at Beale AFB, Calif. The outcome was identical. Steps were immediately taken to prevent a recurrence of our accident. Testing at a CG aft of normal limits was discontinued, and trim-drag issues were subsequently resolved via aerodynamic means. The inlet control system was continuously improved and, with subsequent development of the Digital Automatic Flight and Inlet Control System, inlet unstarts became rare. Investigation of our accident revealed that the nose section of the aircraft had broken off aft of the rear cockpit and crashed about 10 mi. from the main wreckage. Parts were scattered over an area approximately 15 mi. long and 10 mi. wide. Extremely high air loads and g-forces, both positive and negative, had literally ripped Jim and me from the airplane. Unbelievably good luck is the only explanation for my escaping relatively unscathed from that disintegrating aircraft.  Two weeks after the accident, I was back in an SR-71, flying the first sortie on a brand-new bird at Lockheed's Palmdale, Calif., assembly and test facility. It was my first flight since the accident, so a flight test engineer in the back seat was probably a little apprehensive about my state of mind and confidence. As we roared down the runway and lifted off, I heard an anxious voice over the intercom. "Bill! Bill! Are you there?"  "Yeah, George. What's the matter?"  "Thank God! I thought you might have left." The rear cockpit of the SR-71 has no forward visibility--only a small window on each side--and George couldn't see me. A big red light on the master-warning panel in the rear cockpit had illuminated just as we rotated, stating, "Pilot Ejected." Fortunately, the cause was a misadjusted microswitch, not my departure.
Google says that it isn't. :(  Now if you'll excuse me, I've got a bone to pick with a lying furniture salesman...
This. Crap, it isn't just games, it's everything.  I remember as a kid, I would stop blinking.
I'm actually in the middle of an experiment about this very thing. I rated every episode in a TV series a while ago, and am presently working through and re-rating it. I'm curious to see how close my numbers end up.  Subjective ratings aren't really a science, though, and shouldn't be treated as such.
So what do you guys think of HoPiKo?  I've been messing around with it a bit (I left it open while doing other things for a bit as well) and I dunno... it's kind of weird.  It isn't really what I'd think of as a platformer. It's really more of a speedrunning/twitch game. Not that that's really a terrible thing, just not quite what I expected.  So far the game seems... okay, I guess? I dunno. It seems to really want you to 100% stuff. The first bonus round (in world 1) is very hard, and the fact that there are no mid-check points is very annoying.
Man, the first time I ever felt heartburn, I thought I was having a heart attack, because I knew one of the symptoms of it was pain right in the middle of the chest.  I felt kind of stupid and simultaneously enlightened when I found out why it was called heartburn.
The person I was responding to wanted to make it so that his self-heal couldn't be interrupted.
We can track you anyway.  Don't do shit on the Internet if it will ruin your life if it gets tracked back to you. I had someone threaten me the other week because they knew my RL name, until I made fun of them by pointing out that "Titanium Dragon" isn't meant to be anonymous, it's more of a pen name.
I look forward to her. Freezing people and ice walls? I'm sold!
It is a job. And not even one with a particularly high fatality rate; there's a lot of jobs which are more dangerous than military jobs. You're very unlikely to die in the US military.  It is our old axiom, really:  "Your job isn't to die for your country, it is to make that other son of a bitch die for theirs."
Worse, this number is inflated by the Orange Box, which contained HL2 as a pack-in.  I have a copy of HL2 sitting on steam that I can't give away because all my friends already have it.
[We put all our points into intelligence to max out the tool use skill, so in the endgame we could do everything.](http://www.nerfnow.com/comic/1526)  We're the best at PvP. Suck it, tigers!
Yeah, most people in the US who work minimum wage jobs aren't doing it as a career, they're either young or second income earners. It is rare for primary income earners to be working minimum wage jobs for any significant period of time.
I still haven't gotten around to playing it. I need to.
You can essentially always resolve the ambiguity by rearranging the sentence. For example:  &gt; This is my dad, Clark, and Bruce.  This just parses terribly to say out loud.  The correct way of saying it would be:  &gt; This is Bruce and Clark. Clark is my dad.  Or  &gt; This is my dad, Clarck, and this is Bruce.  Or alternatively:  &gt; Say hello to Bruce, Clark, and my dad.  By moving "my dad" to the end, you eliminate the ambiguity, both verbally and otherwise.
Thanks! That's really nice of you.  Fair enough. I'll have to work on getting Minifilia into a playable state then.
I haven't played it, so I can't comment on the accuracy of that.  That was certainly the case with Breath of the Wild, which I have played.
I'm a writer and I do quite a bit of reading. I see retarded requests for trigger warnings unfortunately often.  Also, trigger warnings tend to reinforce phobias.
I actually thought Chloe was a jerk, and I thought that was actually kind of interesting, because it felt like Max had to hold her back the whole game from going off and doing something stupid and self-destructive (or just generally destructive). Chloe is genuinely a jerk, and I thought that was okay because it put a different spin on things - where you are actually serving as the voice of reason, the person who is trying to keep someone else from doing something dumb.  I tried to stop her from doing dumb things and to keep her safe because I thought she was a dumb kid who needed protecting.
Eh, I went from 60 FPS on my PC to 30 FPS on Breath of the Wild and I definitely noticed it.
TBH this is the main reason I play Roadhog as my primary tank - I can help support and cover my teammates and I'm not totally dependent on them actually coordinating with me to be useful.
The only way I could identify Commander Shepherd would be the N7 logo or the VA.  Nathan Drake I couldn't identify at all, and I'm a gamer.  The only reason I know who Ezio, Scorpion, and Sub-Zero are is because I've played their games.  Mario is the only one off that list that non-gamers would recognize at all.
Uh, that's what we did.  Hell, one time I got bored and wrote a text adventure game on my calculator.
It wasn't really hard in 2001. Lots of people had cell phones back then, and people didn't live in the WTC, so it was pretty easy to tell if someone was dead by the end of the day because they never came home. Only people who lived alone would be difficult to count.
I used to think this way, but then I realized I was wrong.  Hate crime laws exist for a good reason - they're basically a lesser version of a terrorist attack. They aren't the same as terrorism, but their overall detrimental effect on society is greater than a random murder or robbery or whatever. When someone attacks someone based on belonging to a group, that is damaging to the fabric of society and is more problematic than someone attacking an individual.  Thus, people face greater punishment for such crimes, as well they should.  You need to direct such punishments fairly, though - if a black person attacks a white person for being white, they should be charged the same as a white person attacking a black person for being black.
I drive a 1992 car that gets 35 mpg. It works just fine and I have no reason to replace it anytime soon.  Fossil fuel cars probably won't even stop production until the 2030s at least. I would suspect we'd continue to see them through the 2050s and maybe 2060s.  Really depends on a number of unknowns, though, as well as oil prices.
I never took a single course in school that was called "literature". English courses were always mixed things. This is normal in the US.  In college, it is different, but in primary and secondary school, typically "English" is just one subject, not broken out.  Moreover, creative writing is kind of inextricably tied to literature, I feel. Understanding how a story goes together and why it is written the way it is is key to analyzing it. If you don't understand how to write a story, you aren't going to understand how to take one apart, either. The two subjects are tied together in my mind.
