One day my 'read' pile will be larger than my 'to-read' pile. One day.
Playing with Fire, by Theoren Fleury. Hockey player who was molested by his coach as a junior, went on to become an all-star, won the Stanley Cup, and then got mixed up with coke and strippers and wound up in rehab.
Yup, Don Cherry's first autobiography goes into it a bit.
You're wrong about me having an agenda. My only goal here is to post as much news as I can to /r/hockey. That's what I've been doing for five years. Get over yourself. If you want different news posted, do it yourself. If you want to debunk bad news, do it in the comments.
&gt; You won't need to assume it is because I know you already believe that we will re-locate and it is what you want.      What the hell? You don't know shit. Bettman has made it clear he wants hockey in Arizona and he is a guy who gets what he wants.      &gt; Like I said before, I would like if you were to post some positive stuff about us      If the Coyotes megathread in the HF Business section had positive stuff I'd post it.      **For the last time, I don't discriminate between good and bad news. I just post everything. I want /r/hockey to be the gateway for hockey news on the internet. I do what I can to make that happen. If you think I have any other agenda, you're being paranoid.**
&gt; Well "I just post everything" is a lie. If you in fact did post "everything" it would be literally everything.      I post hockey news I find on HF, Twitter and EliteProspects. I don't discriminate.      &gt; Also the lines you used earlier of "You're not special and neither is your team" and "You're not entitled to good news" just show how much of a dbag you are.      I'm just annoyed because every time I post something about the Coyotes, every insecure Coyotes fan thinks I'm out to make them feel bad.      &gt; You don't see me commenting shit about the Canucks and how they aren't important.      You should, it's pretty easy. The Canucks fuck up a lot. And I said 'special', not 'important'. I thought you were advocating for accuracy.
I would laugh but I'm too busy crying
I don't keep many old books. Kind of a minimalist. Outside of my rare/expensive hockey history books that are out of print, 95% of my physical collection is books that I haven't read yet.
My job is professional drunk dialer
Still waiting on that cheque from Central City.
I think /u/LAKingsDave has a list, but I'm not sure if that's the one it is. My brain isn't working right now.
&gt; What are the Coyotes supposed to do?      I suppose I'm being naive by wishing they would just leave it be and move the team to Phoenix.
Weird, I never saw him play defense
damn man I tried so hard
I'm sorry that others have downvoted you... ?
I'm OK with him just sitting on the bench and making his full salary. I don't care that he sucks now.
Not sarcastic, Bieksa's my favourite player but I do realize he isn't really useful anymore. I want him to retire as a Canuck, somehow with dignity, but somehow also not hurting the team with his stupid plays.      I don't really see a way for this to work out the way I want it to :(
Civ 5 and drinking
I think we all went through that same flurry of emotions.
Civilization 1, in 1997. I was 12, bored at lunch, and wandered into my school's Mac lab and played the first game I saw.      Playing as Egypt, all I built were Phalanx. I had a medium-sized island and filled the entire island with Phalanx on every tile.      Except fortified inside my cities. I had no Phalanx inside my cities.      Barbarians directly attacked my two cities amphibiously and conquered me pretty soon after I filled out my island fortress.
I think I know where you got that worker.
saw Death Grips on saturday. best live show I've ever seen. you should be more excited than you already are.
I could never get into Stephen King. I tried the Dark Tower series but about 5% into the second book I just lost interest.
Kinrade's mom was my 7th grade homeroom teacher!
fuck that, I don't want to get traded to Chicago
&gt; So I used a web site that let me find all of the ISPs in my area, and after checking them all out, the prices of these ISPs are not cheaper even after the Shaw August price increase goes into effect.      I just switched to Lightspeed a month and a half ago and I'm paying $30/mo less.
~~I love you too~~ thanks bro!
* "What are you reading this week?"   * friends' feeds on Goodreads   * friends' recommendations      In that order
Oh man, hated corporations. When I was still on Civ 4 I only ever played up to Warlords, because of the corporations.
&gt; My main problems still are keeping up with happiness for expansion      I never build more than four cities (edit: unless I need to snipe coal/aluminum), and I will almost always prioritize luxuries when considering expansion plans      &gt; and making sure that my religion stays dominant.      I've won games easily without even attempting to have religion. If you can get the faith from desert tiles pantheon, or Stonehenge, go for it, but it shouldn't take up too much of your productivity/effort. It can only take you so far
Heh. You're right, usually the way that I even get to Order is by rushing three factories immediately after Industrialization.
Yeah, that does suck. You can't ally with city states to get coal because they don't know they have it, and you can't trade with other civs because they don't know they have it, since I'm always the first to get to industrialization.      Coal is the only resource that I'll found a new city for.
So glad to see someone else knows who Doug Harvey is
NHL record for penalty minutes by a Finn. I will always miss having Ruutu as a Canuck.
I'm the brad park of reddit
but it's *our* shitshow now!
You're beating me to everything this morning
Interesting. I'm usually maxing out my production curve to hit education asap.
Daniel just lost all those teeth
We are the charity!
Weird site, asks me to do a captcha just to visit, and "Show results" button does nothing
All my friends are here      I'm also great at being frugal - monthly bills including gym pass and transit = less than $600
I made this custom playmaker named Passy O'Assistmotron
I'll be at the second one!
silver lining: the rerouted #16 took long enough to get me home that I was able to finish an extra chapter of the book I was reading
G, A, PPP, +/-, HIT, PIM, SOG, BLK      Justin Williams just got dropped for some reason. I'm picking him up. Do I drop Paul Stastny or Mathieu Perreault?
former NHLer
My girlfriend. Both ways.
would've been nice to have Hamhuis for those last six games
[I live here, I'll be fine](http://www.khichdionline.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/Vancouver1.jpg)
