I didn't know it was Corpus Christi until I was finished watching and looked it up.  I didn't pay attention to the beginning and didn't watch the pre-show.  They were definitely quiet before the last two matches. I was on patrol for spot calling last night for some odd reason so they seemed loud.  I thought the crowd was good for the finishes of the main event and Owens/Cena.  Other than that I wasn't impressed.
The bath totally worked for me.  She didn't ballup once and the nails are clipped
I'm not sure why you're being downvoted, but *IF* the kid was a plant, that's horribly shitty by WWE.  I'm going to assume a company I devote at minimum 4 hours a week to isn't that shitty.
Maybe that's it.  I figured mine didn't want to ball up to prevent her face from being submerged.  Either way it worked and that's all that matters :)
say car rambrose!  I wrote it on the paper!
Well I don't want to say her past work was worthy of that but.....  I also felt bad for her. That had to be brutal to go through.  It was brutal to watch.
I'm guessing she cried after this too. I would've.
I'm ok with being worked.  Not being a complete smark really allows me to enjoy wrestling instead of hating it.  I don't mean that as a shot at you, just speaking for myself
where's that guy that points out that literally has be colloquialized (i know that's not a word) to also mean figureatively?  fuck it's me now.  I'm going to go sit in a corner.
I missed out on Leo Kruger.  Can you recommend an episode to start at to get some knowledge for him?  I don't mind watching another 3-5 eps of NXT after that either.  Just want to see what all the hype was about.
I've said this on here before, but Wrestlemania is second Christmas for me.  I didn't want to know anything going into it, aside from the event card of who's fighting whom. I avoided /r/SC and my fbook groups like the plague.  It was awesome.  I've trimmed down my time here somewhat but have been here more since WM, but not reading spoilers and shit or possible future angles, really helps me enjoy the product like I used to. Not completely like being a marky kid but it's close. Give it a shot, it might work.  Good luck in your journey.
Just remember you're only hear from those that comment.  I'm not disagreeing with you by any means either.  I don't know if you have any friends that are wrestling fans, but of my group, I only hear from the ultra-smarky (in the sense of the asshole ones you're talking about) from the asshole ones.  They hate Cena and Reigns regardless and give no credit when it's due.  Just based on my experience with those I know IRL, the people that like wrestling just watch it and don't say much, but the ones that only like their "indy-darling" and hate the Cenas and Reigns of the world.    Just keep that in mind.  You'll only ever hear from those that comment.  Seems obvious, but it wasn't to me when I first found this sub.  Cheers!
That can be arranged.  My dad sharpens metal professionally
Miss him more than DB and I fear for Cesaro now
According to Game Grumps own Arin Hanson, Birdo is a guy according to Nintendo.
I'm not sure what you want to draw, or what medium you want to use.  I'd recommend starting in pencil.  It's easy to erase and cheap to buy.    As for what to draw....when I was in art classes in high school, Our teacher took a roll of white paper towels, and other various things (books mostly I think) and wrapped them in white paper.  This helps you see shadows really well.  Shadows contrast really well off the white surfaces.  Also if you're going to try this, put everything on a white piece of posterboard or a large sheet of white paper.  Also if you're using natural light, and don't complete the drawing in one day (which is no biggie) make sure to draw at a similar time of day as the shadows will change with the angle of the sun.  if you're using a lamp as a light source then draw whenever you please.  However, if you're wanting to do cartoons or animation or stuff like that, this could still help, but likely not as much.    I found the hardest part of learning to draw, was teaching my brain to see things properly.  Once you looked at something the way you needed to, getting it on paper was easy.
This is pretty on point how I feel but I didn't know it.   You're right.   Strength is obviously his main appeal,  but Cesaro is billed at 60 lbs lighter and probably functionally stronger than most guys on the roster.   I find him (Ryback) more entertaining on social media than I do on tv.
I lost my 15 year old dog, on a Tuesday in 2011 and my cousin killed himself 2 days later.  Hugs to ya.
I am from a st. Louis suburb so that's a lot to me
I am a Montreal fan who lives in St. Louis, so yes you are required to hate the Hawks.  On the other hand you picked the wrong team lol.  Constant playoff disappointment.  Why did you choose the blues out of curiosity? My dad raised me too be a Montreal fan.  Love my habs.
I mean this with the utmost respect, but he's got 4 days to heavily mourn.  It wouldn't be enough time for me personally, but maybe Dustin and Cody can comprise themselves in that time for a tribute to their father.  If not, I don't blame them.
&gt; He seemed too big for death  Damn.  Well said.  He was before my time, but I've watched a bunch of Dusty material.  By far the hardest a wrestling death has hit me.
Only child here.  I don't want kids.  It's possible I suppose via accident (defective contraceptives and such), but I will be wiping out 2 lines!!!!! BWAHAHAHAHA  Also I'm assuming my parents have no other children I don't know about.   It's HIGHLY unlikely but I suppose not impossible.
I've never seen such a finish, nor have I heard a ruling on something like that beforehand.  I guess being an NFL fan, the whole "Rollins came down with possession" bit of it made sense.  As soon as I saw Dean let go, I thought "Damn Seth won", then the bell came.  Was it the best finish? I don't know probably not, but to me personally it wasn't unclear.
I'm the same.  I like some of his moveset, but not enough for me to want him on my TV.  The thing I've enjoyed Sheamus in the most was the tea party with Santino.  I wish I had more of an explanation, but all I can come up with is that I AM NOT ENTERTAINED!
I haven't watched consistently since the 90s (Ferrell Katan Parnell era)
She went to grade school with my mother who is about to turn 57.  The math checks out
That's fucking awesome.  I like to think Ron Simmons was watching, shook his head while looking at the floor, and quietly whispered "damn".
I could've sworn Dolph was from Florida, but then they said he was from Cleveland.  Thank you for making me realize I'm not completely crazy.  Edit: According to his Wiki he was born in Cleveland, but I know he's billed as being from Hollywood, FL.  That's fucky.
Mine hates Seth Rollins, the Bellas, pretty much any heel.  Such a fucking mark that one.
In my experience a large portion of the community online follows the "if I couldn't smoke here I won't vape here".    My dad does in bars and I yell at him even though he always asks if it is allowed inside.  I hate it.   I vape and I only do it inside if I'm at home or if I'm at my local dive bar where they have requested me to, in their words "just say inside and smoke that thing dummy.  You don't have to go outside".      The inside people that look like trailer trash often are.
&gt; he bullshits a lot   I read this as buttshits a lot   It's been a rough day
My daddy Waaaahhh My daddy.
Same here I'm dumb
You win the thread today.  Before his death, I had seen 2 of Dusty's matches, roughly 3 promos, and an interview.  When I heard he had died, I got unexpectedly sad.  I couldn't explain it.  Reading tweets (especially from NXTers) made it worse.  I missed the whole Renee Young bit you mentioned because Live Discussion Threads distract me from watching the show.    I think the reason I got so sad (considering I barely knew anything of his work), was that I've never heard anyone say anything bad about Dusty.  He was a huge part of the business both in and out of the ring.  When people I care about (and since I'm talking about wrestlers, so "interested in" may be a better phrase) are sad or grieving a loss it makes me sad.  That's the bottom line (for me anyways)
I'm still lost.  I was thinking mid 20s was old enough ogle.  Her gimmick makes ogle-ing(sp?) her make me feel creepy though so I don't do it.
This was my personal favorite.  I didn't notice it the first time, but I double taked and was like "well played Mr. Punk"
I fart every where.   I try to be discreet about it but I fart in way more places than I would vape
Yes yes yes.... I didn't state that but that's definitely what I meant.  My favorite was his feud with Val Venus I think.  The two characters were made to feud.
I'll be sitting in a river, drinking a beer, and peeing on myself as I see fit.  Ahhhh float trips.
If you have a dog waiting for you, have someone film the first time he/she sees you.   They're always good for a few thousand youtube hits.  Also have a safe flight and welcome home.
I can't tell if you mean the figure 4 hurts or doesn't hurt.  If you actually get put in it and actual pressure is applied it hurts.  (at least from what I remember. It's probably been 20 years since me and my cousins did that shit to each other)
Hopefully the /s was omitted.  I have ShamWows and they are shit for cleaning up spills.  However I do at times do some work with small wire and other various smaller screw and such.  Doing the work on top of a shamwow is great for not losing small bits of metal.
I'm not a big FPS player nor CoD fan, but Activision made CoD:MW1.  It is by far the most fun I've ever had playing an FPS.  I don't frequent gaming forums, but I've never heard a bad word about that game.  Maybe that's why?  I don't know.  I'm not big into gaming news.  I just play games I think I'll like.
I have never owned Chucks due to me thinking they're ugly.  Wore them once in a wedding as part of the groomsman attire.  I thought they were uncomfortable (but also not very broken in).    Why are they good for weightlifting?  Is it similar to people using an exercise ball as a desk chair?  The whole "using your own muscles to provide stability" concept?  My cousin also only wears Chucks, and owns a power lifting gym.  Can't remember if he wears them while lifting or not though.
I am that guy, it's just not known to my circle of friends.
I own all three (found a cheap box set), but still haven't found time to watch them.  Since I already own it should I really not watch 3?
If you're the male in this situation and have ever tried to jerk it in the shower, you'd know water makes a horrible lubricant.  I'm also guessing it would also assist in the dissipation/washing away of any natural lubricants.     I've fucked in a pool.  It was good.  Not great though.  Also had to stop due to her being in some pain.
Uhhh I don't have one, so I don't know why that would help.  But that's why god gave us conditioner.  It's not for soft hair bruh
I don't take baths I shower.  I also don't stand in the flow of the water.  I turn my back.  Then turn back towards the drain to finish.   This is also too much detail for the Internet.
