Guess I gotta get good at DOTA now.
I play Smite to enjoy Smite. Win or lose, doing poorly or doing great, I always try to enjoy the game. I'm not playing to win, I'm playing to have a good-time, as I have with all other games. Winning is just the goal of the game, you're suppose to try to win, that is natural. I try my best to win, but I don't throw a monkey across the room if we lose, or cry into a bucket of ice-cream if I do poorly.  What ruins this fun, is when people start throwing around insults because you lost, blaming everyone but themselves. Calling you a "noob" because you didn't do very well that one game, when they have never seen any of your other matches. People surrendering when we have late-game gods, or are winning but one person is doing poorly.   I hate when people get angry when I (or anyone) play gods that I'm not familiar with/good with. The only way to learn a god is to play them, meaning that you have to suck with them first in order to get better. I've had countless amounts of people "report" me for picking a god I've never played and doing poorly with them.  P.S. That is the worst thing I have ever experienced. I have my moments of full-try-hard mode, and every time I do someone is higher than the DeathStar, or drunker than Jack Sparrow.
Have you had a jungler who's excuse not to ward (anything) is because "wards are useless because I have my map turned off"? I have.
Right? He said it was because "frame-rate issues", but would also throw in that the minimap was "useless". This is why I avoid Conquest most of the time. xD
Nothing will ever replace my Scarlet Coven. The only skin that lets me express how I feel about my teammates. You suck!   Joke aside (*coughnotajokecough*), the skin looks pretty nice for a t2.
I don't doubt it, I'm just terrible with assassins. xD
I picked Enemy and C9, fuck my life.
!raffle How do I !raffle? I want free gems.   R.I.P My sanity.
Good. Because my friend spammed Bellonas VEL, and I loved it. Cx
I joined a bit before the release of Medusa (I believe), so around the end of March. So almost a year ago. Was tired of LoL's community, and went through some different MOBAs, and Smite was the one that stuck.
I only like gen 1 of Pokemon. Huehuehue.
I got called a noob in a MOTD once because I was using Apollo's ult to get behind the enemy and go to their titan. Like dude, you give me infinite mana on an Apollo, I'm going to abuse his ultimate. Plain and simple.
I usually start off Poly right out of the gate (depending on the mode). Seeing as she has her 3, you can hold off on getting (cd) boots until the 3rd item, though I tend to get them as her second item. Demonic Ring is a great item for her as well, since she is more focused on basic attacks. Spear of the Magi, chronos pendent, and then Rod of Tahuti.   As for what to level, my usual habit is: Put 1 point into each ability (2, 3, 1), put a second point into her 2, and then max her 1, then her 2, and put a point in her ult whenever it is available.
Yeah. I believe it is from the SWC, but I received way more than I expected... Like 200FP... I mean, thanks HiRez, but coulda bought me a drink first, maybe took me out to dinner, have a relaxing evening by the fire...
It deserves more attention, it's a nice decal that I'd even consider buying myself if I wasn't short on cash at the moment. xD Should post it on the LoL reddit/Forum as well, as I am sure they have more users interested in this type of thing.
I got Khepri against Aphro and was losing quite bad, so me and him had a jump party at my titan while his fire minions took my titan. It was glorious.
I try to block Janus' ult. It's just a reflex when I see an animation aimed at someone I'm guarding.
I wouldn't mind getting to use the older ones we unlocked. The gold/black one looked pretty fancy.
Been happening to a few people, myself included.
I press F6 when I see a Loki.  No, but seriously, I only F6 when a majority of my team wants to F6. Not going to play with a team who doesn't want to be in the situation any more.
Same happened to me. Just chatted about the weather for a few minutes.
We'll miss you both. Thank you for doing what you have for this game, and for HiRez. For making the YouTube channel amazing, and for being just great people. Best of luck to them. :)
Was going to use the Kelly one until I realized Bart's icon had glasses that said "Swag". xD
The community. The same reason why I left League of Legends.
My eyes can not unsee what I have seen...
Well, I'm going to guess you're playing at the level cap (30) with your GF who is new?  If this is the case, I suggest making a smurf account to play with her, so that she can play with people more her level (and if you feel wrong about smurfing, play gods you don't usually play or are bad at).  Now, will this fix the toxic player issue? Probably not. I don't see many toxicity in newer players on my smurf, but it's usually different per person.   You will never be able to avoid toxicity, especially since Smite is growing in popularity. The only solution to this is taking full advantage of the mute button.   Another option is to find people to fill the gaps. Clanmates, friends, just people who understand she is new, and is learning, so they won't get super annoyed.
I'm level 30 with 10 games. I created a smurf to try conquest. All I can say is: Don't.   Low levels will teach you nothing. The first time I played Conquest on my smurf, everyone went down middle lane and just played like it was arena.  Try getting a pre-made of 5 together, so they'll be more understanding. That's what I've been doing. Course I hardly ever have 5 friends on at once, so I rarely get to practice (plus, my friends are just as bad at it as I am).
Apollo is my favorite (Strongest? Probably not). He has a lot of mobility, and doesn't *need* to build attack speed due to his passive (though it wouldn't hurt to invest in at least one). He has a lot of escape potential, as well as engage potential.
400 gem hypu?? ;-; I hope so, I'mma buy it if it is.
Oh gods, someone hold me, I dunno if I like it. D:
Oh, I know. I was saying CC reduction more on the sarcastic side.  I am too. I liked staying alive, but now these new items seem to be making it possible to one shot gods easier... I dunno...
Support. Which is ironic, because I like support in almost any other game mode. I prefer the team-fight support, but when it comes down to getting into Support in conquest, I just can't.   I still don't fully understand rotations yet, so when I play support I always get someone raging at me that I didn't rotate. And even when I do rotate, I die, or have our mid-lane ping me and spam VGS to "defend left/right" lane. Let's just say, the reason I hate support is because I have yet to have an enjoyable experience in that conquest role.
I main solo, any tips on rotating for that role?  As for the tip, I suppose that's what I was doing wrong. I rotated when my ADC was doing poorly, because I didn't understand rotations and just assumed I was suppose to do it every so often.
I'm kind of sad that they changed it from 50% to 25%. Mostly because it's driving my OCD crazy seeing a t2 on sale for 185...
I just want the fact that she shreds towers to be gone. Went against a solo lane Sol, and was doing fine in lane, so I finally decided to back and get teleport (knowing she shreds towers), and she destroyed the tower withing my 5 second (not including TP channeling) absence before I could even teleport back to it. It wasn't even 2 minutes into the game. ._.
Happens to a lot of people during a gem event. Submit a ticket to support, or wait and maybe they'll resolve the issue themselves (though this is unlikely).
Shit, just spent all my gems. R.I.P
I was in a match with a dude who got a Penta as Zeus, who just placed his 4 on the ground, and started backing. Meanwhile, his ult killed the enemy team. His reaction was literally (in curse): "Broken."
It should be starting next Tuesday, unless I have my facts mixed up.
HiRez, I love you. Now I will be able to get Dr.Vanus. :D
Shooters aren't for me? I'm better at shooters than I am most games, and I enjoy playing them more than most as well.   Shooters shouldn't have the element of spawn camping in them at all. I've played them for most of my life, but the fact that most of the one's I have played have spawn camping irks me.  Camping in one spot isn't even as bad, as you can always out-play the enemy by sneaking around behind them. Where with spawn camping, you're usually dead the minute you respawn anyway, so you hardly get the chance to out-play the enemy. Especially since even if you avoid taking damage upon respawning, you still have to somehow kill the entire team (or the large amount that is standing at your doorstep).  It is an unfair way of keeping an opponent in a choke-hold, allowing for a snowball effect. It takes all the "skill" and "strategy" from a FPS and throws it out a window.
Congrats. :D  I'm working on getting her to 2.00 as well (currently at 1.57). Hoping nothing goes wrong and ruins it.
It's kind of dumb, but 30% is still pretty decent. I don't mind this change as much as I do some other things in season 3. Just sad to see some of my favorite builds needing to be changed drastically.
Could have just redused the root duration. I play him more supportive than I do solo/bruiser, and this makes me not want to play him over other guardians at all. Granted, I'll save that opinion for when I've played him after his nerf. But my feelings right now are... negative.
I got it during that gay-pride event thing a while back along with an icon for like 10 gems or something.   Why the hell is it in a chest? Did they run out of ideas for things to put into it?
I was trying to spam Junkrat's default voice line (tic tock tick tock tick tock!), and hit X 3 times. I imagine those people thought I was a huge asshole. xD
Reinhardt.   With my shit aim, Reinhardt takes away all of the terrible shooter in me, and allows me to smash peoples faces by just spinning in a circle and holding LMB.   Plus, since I play a lot of Smite, and main support, I'm use to the whole shielding the team, or charging people out of the way just to remove them from the fight if they are a problem. Like Bastion, I'll literally risk my life to charge a Bastion, if my team can't handle him.
So all those times that I'd literally rushed passed the enemy team as Reinhardt just to ult their Mercy and smash her face in... I was committing a war crime? Shit.
I'd love to have that option on certain heroes. I can't decide which Piggy voice line I have that I want to use, but for Reinhardt I have to always use "Catch Phrase!"
It's hard choosing between Dva and Reinhardt.   While love Dva's character, character design, etc. And how she livestreams herself **murdering** her enemies, that just tips the cake. However, I don't like her gameplay as much.  Reinhardt on the other hand, is my favorite character to play, as well as one of my favorite characters design wise (both graphically, and personality). But I know little to nothing about him, and haven't really made an effort (yet) to learn about his over-all character.  I guess I'd say Dva, since her design, personality, etc. all clicks with me. Also the fact that she was the first that came to mind is probably a good sign that she is my favorite.
