its times like these i wish i was illiterate
i dont play LoL and i dont get it
im not american, does the government compensate him for the damage?
im a real american  fight for the rights of every man
thanks, my bad  im new to reddit
me no speak english  i dont understand
i aint sick, im young and full of semen
my english not very good  maybe this why
heh its ok  wow really? :O   "you used words I did not know"  can you mention some? this will really boost my morale in life, but if you can't remember then its okay
hmm, it's a quote from Seinfeld xP  i love seinfeld
so many horny humans in this world  im glad im asexual
my type of gal
do you like to parteh? ;)  ur a wild cat arentcha? ;P
male here, me too looking  too lazy to post a whole new post
i saw lots of Bruce Willis today, i just finished watching Twelve Monkeys
i respect you for taking pride in what you do.
back when there was no bird flu
hi im a dumb person  is that a good thing?
is that the international symbol for tampons?  looks vague, but then again, im a guy
lol that's also interesting  but feels more complicated than the yin yang  also i think it may cause some annoyance because some people with weird OCD tics like me might eventually only buy the one that corresponds to the actual current phase of the moon instead of the ones they prefer taste wise
alright!  heh maybe one day i can attempt this idea seriously
thanks for the search  unfortunately i dont have the knowledge or the equipment to do it :'(  but if u do maybe we can become business partners :D
I was in Chicago last year and wanted to go there but the bastards I was traveling with didn't want to go.
well technically u shouldn't jump if u want to dodge bullets, u should crouch  i often see people jumping to dodge bullets in counter strike and i must say it makes it easier for me to kill them, especially with sniper rifle
ants? you were lucky, we didn't even eat living organisms, we collected toxic waste from factories and ate it
I posted this last year and it also reached front page :D  https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2uxckt/til_in_1986_a_french_woman_taught_herself_how_to/
behold, my marvelous achievement.
i drink it with cream and sugar. i dislike black coffee
somewhere in an alternate reality i'm the founder of Reddit
give this man a gold, for i am poor.
everytime i get close i end up offending someone and getting bandwagon downvoted by the hundreds
you totally trolled her father :D  i wouldn't be embarrassed if i were you  i used to get embarrassed a lot when i was a child, less often as a teen, now im 24 and im dead from the inside :D
im quite hateful towards others so i don't really talk to anyone (in person)  despite that i still wish others all the happiness and success, just not with me.
i used to get a lot of sore throats, then i discovered that if i use mouthwash after everytime i eat, i wont get sick as often  the food traces go down from your mouth to your throat and cause you to get ill  as for spicy food, i used to love spicy food, but for the past year everytime i eat spicy food it upsets my stomach, so i stopped eating spicy food
im 24 and been fat since i was a child as well  i mostly ate for fun while playing online or watching TV, i didn't have much to do  i can honestly say that it isn't worth it, and if i could go back 10 years in time i wouldn't eat as much as i did, right now i don't eat much, but im still fat because i dont exercise
i just love stormy weather
im a guy and i think you made the right decision
62-18  this is what i aspire to become in life
first of all find a sensitivity low enough that makes it easier to follow heads. most players play somewhere from 1.5 to 3 with their DPI kept at default (around 400). when i first started playing the game i used to play at 7 or even 8 sensitivity and that was the first key issue i later realized.  now u need to know the proper way to use assault rifles, as you surely know, u have to stop before shooting, but that doesn't mean that you can't move or strafe to make it easier for you to adjust the crosshair onto opponent head as opposed to purely using mouse movement. when you want to stop, tap the movement key opposite to the direction your moving, then fire the rifle. this may seem impractical, but if you practice it enough in deathmatch it will become second nature. this is also essential for mastering the deagle.  now the third thing you need to know what shooting technique should you use, spraying is secondary and the pattern for m4 and ak47 are intuitive. i only spray in close range combat, or if im being flanked and dont have enough time to adjust aim then i go for crouch spray. for close range combat, aim at the head and spray, you dont need to crouch, start pulling down after two to three bullets, of course if you got the kill from first or two bullets then you stop spraying, but the spraying is to guarantee that you get the kill as reliably as possible. for medium range combat, use two to three bullet bursts with m4, and taps/two bullet bursts with ak, i personally think this is the most reliable way to get kills at medium range, its more reliable and efficient than crouch spraying. for long range, never ever spray, use taps for ak, and bursts/taps for m4.  i recommend you use m4a4 instead of m4a1s, because it is a much stronger match to the ak, it has higher fire rate insignificant difference in accuracy.  you can search FalleN's video on youtube he teaches you how to shoot with AK. one time i read on flusha's reddit AMA that you can reach LEM or supreme without having that good of an aim as long as you had very good game sense, so dont be discouraged if your aim isn't so good.  about countering people who run and gun, its just something that will disappear after you leave silver. but you can try not to stand in a wide open position, if you do that they will have an advantage over you because they will have faster reaction time than you will since they are the ones entering. also, run and gun only great for close range, rifles are great at all ranges, so if you use range advantage you should have an edge.
i used to always go nova second round after winning pistol, one time i saw olof go nova after pistol round in a tournament as well but it didnt go well.  ump is obviously the best smg in csgo, mag7 jumping accuracy is insanely broken, xm is okay but i think mag7 and nova are better
use windows sensitivity 6/11, and in game go from 1.5 to 3, acceleration off  i use 2.5 and its great
someone give this man a gold, for i am unemployed.
i have intel gpu as well and the only way i found is using SweetFX http://gamebanana.com/gamefiles/3415
30 hours sober
woah u waited to reach global before u started plying on faceit/esea?  im gold nova 3 and already wrecking havoc there xD  i think you can try to get a guest pass on esea or something, google it
i got one once from Rambo's stream  https://www.twitch.tv/randomrambo  not sure if he still has some open ones
dust 2...obviously..  but i quickly started playing other maps, one time i got an assault, i got an ace on it on T side of course, but we still lost match
tough luck man, if you're this new to the game perhaps you should watch some beginner tutorials on youtube?  this guy has been posting lots of learning videos for beginners for over three years https://www.youtube.com/user/TheWarOwl  this is a very basic video he made three years ago, a lot of stuff in the video are different from they are now, but its still useful to understand the mindset of counter strike. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdPBKFV1840  there's also something you need to know about CSGO community, it's filled with absolutely garbage people, so just avoid people for the most part and focus on the gameplay itself.  I thought about quitting the game forever before because of the garbage people, but the game itself is just great, it has great mechanics and strategy, it's just too precious to give that up.
well that's unlucky  but im kind of happy because i dislike shotguns in the game, stick to rifles
from my experience playing lots of competitive multiplayer video games, ranking can be affected by luck, but in general it's not the reason  you need to adapt, try to play slower and safer to cover up for team mate mistakes   you need to recognize your own mistakes and weaknesses and try to do the stuff you want to do in the best possible way
