My dad talks about how he was flying back to MN (from a business trip in NJ, somewhat ironically). He was in line to board when he first heard that the score was 7-0 (the game had obviously just started). When he reached his seat the score was 14-0. A couple minutes later, the attendant announced "Ladies and gentlemen, we are about to begin our safety instructions, but I would just like to update on the score of the Vikings-Giants game.... it is now 24-0 Giants." So he just kind of assumed it wasn't worth listening to or watching the rest.  Also, this is much easier to talk about than our other recent NFCCGs...
Hey don't be mad. We had a game (not against the dolphins) where WE even had a walk-off safety. Not only that, but a walk-off safety in a game where we scored 0 touchdowns!
I work at Valleyfair on the Ripcord. You guys should come visit me and say Skol, because 5 of the 11 people who work there are packer fans and it grosses me out a little.
Maybe it's like highlighter syndrome? That would be the only reason.  And if so, sorry for your coworker. But you said there weren't any marks on it? Whatever.   But that sucks man. You clog it, you clean it, so sucks that you have to do it.
It's still up, but it was mine (not really official)  Well, for me, I had a great night with /u/Twinsfan94 yesterday! Played some Splatoon, which is one of the best games I've played. And he drank a little (too much), and had to help him a little bit. Awesome dude though, and he was definitely fine when I left, so I hope your day's going better buddy (and I'll see you Sunday!)
Well a lot of my friends are Blackhawks fans (that surprisingly aren't bandwagoners). I have zero friends that are Boston fans, and the only Boston fans I've met are dumb, arrogant, or both
Hey I haven't met you yet!
Hey Section 215 is where I am! 200s represent!
I can't either, but that's because we never had a basketball team.
at home
I'll do it if it's not too late. But it looks like it's too late. Can there be another one?
I remember watching this play since it was before they had lost a regular season game yet, and I thought "Man, if they win this, it's pretty obvious why. Holy cow"
When I go to Culver's (which is a frequent stop for me, in two different locations), I get a butterburger with cheese kids meal. Last year, over the summer, I went to one Culver's about 40 times, and every team member who worked there had taken my order at least once. I know a couple by name. They were awesome.  Plus I worked the local amusement park which got a discount there, so I got 10% off to start and every 10 meals I got another free meal. I got 8 free meals out of the 40 meals I paid for.
Honestly, I had to take a couple layers off during that game because we were wrapped up like we were gonna be camping in subzero for 3 days and I was sweating by the second quarter
That's true, the ground was really cold, but we had cardboard and we brought old rugs to sit on instead of the metal benches. It was delightful
Searched for this. I'm glad it was said. I was thinking while that game was happening, "This is so good, don't even care if we lose" It was just so entertaining.
AFCE: Bills  AFCN: Bengals  AFCS: Jaguars  AFCW: Chiefs  NFCE: Redskins  NFCN: Lions  NFCS: Panthers  NFCW: Cardinals  And before you cry bandwagon for the NFC, I was a big fan of Cards/Panthers back in like 2008. Even through the garbage years. Still was a fan then.
3 TDs on 3 catches? Ahh, good memories
LOS ANGELES WHY WONT YOU SAVE ME
Goodness, his fight with Bolduc was amazing. One of the best moments watching Wild Hockey for me
Although suburbia in MN goes for a 40 mile radius around Minneapolis/St Paul in every direction
That's insane. Maybe I should rent out the basement to some fans (MG)
I do like this thread But i don't quite get haikus Because i dont understand syllables
Oh absolutely. I just wanna see the "and they have casilla or punto to pinch r..." then silence for a jog around the bases, followed by the replay, and then "...And we'll be back!"  I just want to watch it so much
Adjourning my slumber I lumbered from bed  "I hope no one's up for there's ache in my head,"  "Good morning!" i heard from my mother instead  "Good morning," i mumbled "i wish you were dead"                 Well i tried
Because i dont know people around me and i dont have a s/o  I know lots of people, but they're all in mn (9hrs away), where school was (2 hrs away), or work (hr away), so im spending the next few weeks until i get to know people either doing laundry or sleeping.  I love texting people and catching up, but i dont know who to do it with since it seems very weird to do out of the blue
Woah ho ho, my friends are getting mardied in texas in like 41 days, and theyre both from mn. Weird
Going to watch the vikes in atlanta? (I mean after youve moved)
Dude that's exciting, hope it works out! Unfortunately i dont have any ny videography friends, but i do have some ny friendos, so ill keep an eye out
Hey,i might be going to the steelers game too! (Closest i can get to indianapolis). Might see ya there!
Same.   In a blair walsh jersey.
I accidentally said Beezle got it. Then edited to make me look right when I was not. I apologize to Boston and their fanbase, as such a heinous act should not be tolerated
I want to play Los Angeles next, for 2 reasons.   First I think we match up best against Los Angeles. We're a lot better defensively, and offensively, though we lag behind a little, it's not as big of a gap as our defense to their defense.   Second, I want New Orleans at home for the NFCCG. I want a rematch of '09 without the close game aspect. Let's bring New Orleans to MN and win 31-10. I think we can, and we should.
I just think people have a harder time believing me because my flair.   i think Smith is DPOY at worst. His pro bowl snub is surely a meme, but with good reason
DAMMIT this is like my 5th time doing that this game.
Cast my organs out to sea  Im literally only saying the results from now on with no commentary fml
Did you also know he went to school at $500 state for a scholarship of Mankato?
Larry "I'm only half a national but I'm 100% man" Wayne
I was telling everyone to do the silent wave. I thought that would be really cool to have everyone still waving but no one making sound if we were on offense
Are we doing a playoff fantasy thing? I was doing so well, but Watson went out. I want my revenge!  Glad the Panthers are doing well, and man, the whole NFCS corner became the real deal this year!
Log to reddit   and when in sub   and when they say   Vikes get the dub    It is yes cool   I wud say sik   Mostly becus   I liac the Vik
I mean, I'm not Keebler
I immediately thought of the Cowboys when I read the question, and I wasn't even born then.  Granted, the Vikings were somewhat a part of that rebuild
I'm not sure for the NFL, but all time it's Survive and Advance (North Carolina State's NCAA run). I've watched all other 30 for 30's at most once. I've watched that one at least 4 times  edit: south is north at the south pole
I'm very impressed. I liac!
Dibs bass  or piano, I like men too
Hey I flew in from Indy yesterday! We're all returning home!
I am in pain
I didnt know but i wanted to make sure it all added up for now
I've been, ya know, thpeaking to him sthrough my thoughth, and he just thaid, ya know, man, Fuck the Thaints, man
