&gt; is they get their members to come on here and try and get people to sign up.  I'm not a member of the site. The tweet was pointed out to me by someone else.
I'm with United on FM14 in 2031/2032. No use telling my team. All regens now XD
This. I came here to NYC from Mumbai a few months ago. And the air is delightfully fresh. Although people keep saying it is polluted here, I find it FRESH FRESH FRESH! It is glorious.
Hello fellow Indian
I used to use this until Accuweather released their update. Accuweather feels more accurate idk
Damn. I had bought it on my debit card :(
I am new to the US. Got my CC just 2 months back in November. Been using that only since then.
Haven't got around to installing the kernel yet. Will keep you posted!
I've noticed that newcastle generally play well when the match is on tv (in the UK). I might be wrong though.
I thought the same but you get used to it.
Want to keep with Gmail app only so installed Nine to sync calendar and using Outlook as IMAP in Gmail app.
I'm new to the country. Can you elaborate please?
It is just how you grow up. I grew up in 30-40+ weather and now living in a cold place, winter just screws me.
Wish I could donate to Bernie. Can't do because I am not a US citizen or permanent resident.
I am on my state's sub!  http://i.imgur.com/uWM3Vaq.png  Also, Crescendo  http://i.imgur.com/OljxzcH.png
Feeling the Bern. Right here in New York.
I have the 25 now. Looking if I should get the 20 for my commute. Thoughts?
I use Android Pay on my rooted phone.
Btw, I am not very good at this (CS major, not a writer) but I am open to constructive feedback :)  If you want to read my other articles, [here](https://blog.pratyushnalam.com/).
I never get more than 2.5-3 hours SOT
I experienced this issue in the beginning. Just wiggled the wire till a bit till it works. Have been using it from last August now. I think there is a 90 day return policy too.  Also, wired over wireless anyday :)
I have never got more than 3 hrs SOT in my life
I used my mom's laptop the other day. The internet was a shitshow. Silently installed ublock origin and gave it back.
Fuck I'm old
Same
I never paid return shipping to Amazon
\#blessed
&gt; Then moved to Seattle where my building has a 100mbps provider for $30/month.   Who is that?
Melz is the same. Fed is back
&gt; I had Tmobile (still do for my wife) but calls drop a lot  How bad is it? Looking to switch from ATT to T-mob
NYC/SF Bay Area/Seattle are the places I expect to be in. Have a Nexus 6P right now.
&gt; I'm in an area with bad coverage  And which area are you in?
I'd probably lose it at the prospect of playing one of my childhood heroes
Hi Dad!
I also like Silicon Valley. Shows how snobbish the region is. I say this as a techie myself
&gt; I'm eating these pizza chips  WHAT
I have to live to fucking 124
Nah. I set it up in GV when I stated using in 2015.
Hey guys, just tuned in. How is Fed playing?
&gt; traumatized  This. There isn't a better word to describe what I am feeling.
I am already crying. I think Fed peaked against Berdych/Nishikori
I just don't have hopes. I have been traumatized too many times
Lol I graduated. I am on an AT&amp;T group plan and I am moving to Seattle. The others on my plan are still in college though and they don't want to switch (I am trying to get them to).  And 1 guy on our plan is in Ithaca and is dead against T Mobile. He is hindering others too now :(
Total comp yes. I am joining MSFT now. And the initial pay scale offered to me and my undergrad friend was the same. I graduated from Master's. Same at Google and other tech companies
I don't want bagels, Fed
Lifelong
India 🇮🇳
I already did
It is simple. Federer plays well when I turn off the TV
Please hold it, Roger. Please. Imma die.
