I've been on CloudyG3 for a few weeks now and I have 0 issues
i'm slightly jaded from reading about all the american noobs asking questions that they would have known the answers to if they had the privilege of a proper motorcycle riding course with a proper test for their license  do you guys want to hear something shocking? I *failed* my first test. I have all kinds of excuses for it some of which I still believe (my first time in the fog), but fact of the matter remains that I had a proper course of more than 15 hours with an proper instructor that always taught 2 students at a time at most, I really was paying attention and wanted to succeed, and I'm really not a dumbfuck, but I STILL FAILED. I failed it because it was hard and I couldn't do it in the circumstances of that day  I got it the next time in excellent weather  i feel sorry for all the noob riders that got their license and their bike without even the slight anxiety that you might fail a test, because that just means that you didn't get the kind of education that you'd want before riding by yourself
I didn't have a screen protector for my last phone and I don't have one now
you'd think I know that given that I have a Dutch passport. Interesting video nonetheless
I lived in Groningen for years, we referred to our country as Holland and didn't care. The ones who *did* care were always a bit odd
yeah I was thinking of just hooking up one of those battery banks to my camera. AFAIK it will run on USB power without problems, so I could just put the battery bank in my jacket and run the wire up to my helmet. Or, I could duct-tape the battery to my helmet for extra sillyness
So where did you get your license? Because I cannot relate with your comment about your teachers skill level at all, and my examiner was clearly a life long rider who professed his preference for Ducatis and clearly loved to ride fast. Also, the exams were *hard*
in my experience: yes
well before I started using keepass, my passwords weren't known for their rock solid security either. I think it's a huge improvement especially with 2 factor authentication, and I'm not entirely convinced that something like lastpass is actually better. If nothing else, I prefer using something that keeps working when I'm not online
well honestly it's not as if I'm playing other games. I mean I could, but I don't
I can't answer your question, I can only compare it to my previous phone (nexus 4) and say it's about equal with a warmer tone
at 240 euro it's a STEAL. I paid 315 for a *refurbished* 32gb one just a few weeks ago, in Germany
I can recommend using Apex launcher with 2 apps to toggle the LED and turn the screen off:  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.anddoes.launcher  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.farproc.nexustorch  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cmcm.screenoff  I used these specific apps because they worked best for me when launched from gestures in Apex launcher. Most other simple programs that offer this functionality work as well, but they still launch as a normal app with a user interface, which is a bother when you just want a flash light and doesn't look great when locking the phone. With the Nexus Torch I can just swipe up to turn the LED on, then swipe up again to turn it off. With this specific screen off app, the phone turns off every time as if it's Apex launcher itself that's doing it, it feels completely stock.  What I'm still looking for is something that can turn my screen off like it does when it times out, without actually locking the phone immediately. Maybe I should bust out Android Studio myself and see what works
and it sucks spending money on buying, maintaining and insuring a second bike if you would rather be riding your other bike. Just buy 'street' tires rather than 'sport' tires, they have more grip than you can actually put to use on the street anyway unless you're actually a decent track rider in which case you'll probably want to get a track bike instead of a highway commute bike
I carry a metal plate for my side stand, it comes in handy from time to time
I got the Talos Principle
Many chargers do this, some worse than others. The charger that came with my nexus 4 did this, luckily my current charger doesn't. I have an external hard drive with a power brick that quietly emits loud shrieking torture when the hard drive is powered down
I switched from cloudy to stock 6.0, no ragrets
I have swipe up in apex launcher set to start nexus torch, works well and is unobtrusive. I liked the key plus option of holding down volume down (or was it up?) as well, that's really convenient, but it kept triggering while  my phone was in my pocket
I don't use it for anything, I never used it on my nexus 4 and with my G3 now I can't use it because I replaced the back of the phone
right here: http://forum.xda-developers.com/lg-g3/development/stock-d855-30b-images-kdz-flashables-t3282012  assuming you have TWRP already you can just use these zips as per instructions and you should have a rooted 6.0. I chose not to do root but the rest went great
bs I bet you could pull a sick wheelie on both of those bikes! ^^with ^^the ^^clutch! ^^^and ^^^bag ^^^of ^^^dirt ^^^on ^^^the ^^^back! ^^^^up-hill!  edit: can any one of you 20 retards please explain to me why this is being downvoted? I genuinely don't know. If you think I'm taking a piss at OPs choice in bikes, look carefully at my flair and try to imagine how I could pop a wheelie on mine. I'll give you a hint: I can't
I've never even noticed that it was supposed to be cyan, so yeah the loading bar is pretty much useless to me
After a whole day of riding I'm definitely tired as fuck
I have the same back but a different 6000mah battery. I go 3 to 4 days between charging now, it's awesome even if it's a bit cumbersome
I regularly drive a car much slower than that (1.0l 3-banger, no turbo) on the Autobahn and it's really no problem. Yes it's dreadfully slow, but if you can drive worth a damn you're not an obstacle or anything
I have the same exact one and I cannot praise it highly enough! Cleanest teeth ever! My dentist was impressed, and so was the cute assistant with the perky boobs. 11/10 would buy again the very second it breaks
the first thing to come mind is: [stromae - alors on danse](https://vimeo.com/10734237)  saw them when they were the closing act of Rock Werchter 2014, shit was off the hook
You joke, but with a hard dick it gets increasingly harder to not be a dick
as a male, I don't see what difference our genders make
OCI is 12000km for mine
if you managed to coax 3 hours out of a Nexus 4, you should be able to get 5 hours out of an LG G3. Source: had a Nexus 4 before I bought this phone and currently do anything between 4 and 6 hours of SOT per 3000mAh
well apart from not wanting to work, sometimes there just isn't any that you're aware of that you could be doing, but you're just not about to go to mr. bossman and ask him for more stuff to do
the only promotion I could get is to be mr. bossman himself, and judging from how he looks I'd rather not be
Yesterday I killed two maxes back to back with 2 C4 as a medic. I was very lucky there but it also shows that maxes are very vulnerable to explosives from all other classes except infiltrators: you don't need mines or jetpacks to blow them up if you happen to be in the right spot at the right time
Yeah the updates themselves worked flawlessly, which is pretty impressive. I'm just bummed that upgrades are still a thing that I really have to sit down and pay attention for, same as with Linux mint where upgrades are just not a thing at all
I'm Dutch and let me tell you, you haven't missed anything  edit: from reading the article, whoever wrote it does have a fairly good idea what bitcoin is and manages to clearly explain the details that are relevant to the article
I'm happy with how it worked out for my LG G3 this time, I've had marshmallow since new years eve. It's the uncertainty that kills though, with Android you just never know for sure whether or not you get the next major version, even if you have a nexus. With the nexus 4 for example, it might have been good for them to say beforehand that they weren't going to release marshmallow on it, instead of keeping the users in the dark and then still disappointing them
I'm going to continue not playing with illegal fireworks  sorry for the lost of the most loyal girlfriend you ever had :(
I have a leaking Honda, how is that for funny :-X
of course it makes the phone thicker, the battery has twice the capacity. It's also twice as heavy. There is no free lunch here.  Mine is similar to this one: http://amzn.com/B00TBBL896   In fact all these 6000mAh batteries have the same back cover far as I can tell  Edit: downvoted for stating simple facts? I would have thought you guys to be better than that
Your point? I used bitcoin this weekend to buy a game online so I could download it. Sure, I could have waited for my transaction to be included in a block, but if that took 30 minutes then I would have been quite miffed. Instead, the way the network is right now, bitpay could accept my transaction with 0 confirmations and I could begin my download immediately. The whole thing from start to finish was just as easy and *just as fast* as paypal. Why would we want to give that up and have bitcoin become something that can't even complete with paypal? Just so that we can uphold some artificial limits and protect the investments of people who should have known better than to start global internet business behind the biggest and most intrusive firewall that ever existed? I say fuck that, let bitcoin be what it was meant to be and if some eggs have to be broken to make this proverbial omelette, then let's not be shy about it.
I once got out of a very expensive and undeserved speeding ticket by telling the cop that the difference between what he measured and what I was actually driving would have been easily discernible by ear. Then I offered to demonstrate that to him. They let us go. He accused me of going 72mph where 50mph was allowed, and I was doing an indicated 53mph because I was well aware of how often they set speed traps there, since I lived close by.  I know, it's a terribly exciting story, but at that moment as a poor student in a country where speed fines are quite severe, I was only barely holding it together from fear and rage
looks sort of like my closet
&gt; I had negotiated ahead of time with my boss for time off after the project. When it came time to cash in that time off, I was denied my request.  my career is still young but this already happened to me after busting my balls, and it's 100% the reason I left that company. Never again
nope, and that was my mistake right there. It ended up a cheap way to learn that lesson though, I only did OT for that one project and it was only about a weeks worth of vacation that I missed out on, so I'm only slightly bitter about it 2 years later
well you could plug in a heated jacket and drain your battery that way. I hear they're awesome but I don't ride as much in cold weather anymore
It's way better to do the course in soaking rain than it is to do your first miles in nice weather without having done the course. Take it from the guy who was doing lessons in freezing weather and still loving it because it was so much fun!
I'm living that lie. "Join us in devops!" they said, "It will be fun!" they said
same here. Seeing as there are 2 of us I guess that means Windows is bulletproof
