I've never seen folks move out without putting extra trash out.    Once they are gone I either do a transfer station run, or bring out another can so tenants have available space.  So I'd pay the $25 since I can deduct it, and cheaper than my dealing with it directly.  Former tenants should have rented a small dumpster and landlord should take it out of their security in my opinion.  As a tenant, I'd be bothered, but not want this to be the hill I go down on.
This is when you learn that mothers don't always have your best interests at heart.    What she "should do" and the person she is are two different things.    You'll raise your (potential) children differently, and they'll have different objections of how you treat them and believe you should do things differently too.    Thankfully soon you can live in your own bra-free space without mothering.
Places don't have time to screw you, they are businesses that survive on good word of mouth reputation.  Pick a popular, busy place, preferably not one of the big chains that are too over loaded/rushing.  A place near you that you can develop a relationship with is best.  A friend's place drives her to work in her car to get a feel what is going on!  Ask if any part of the work can be held off for now.  They might say you need new pads and rotors (the part the pad squeezes).  Ask if the rotors will last until the next pad change.    But really, you save money doing both together for the same labor cost, while they have it all apart.  Some cars the front brakes wear twice as fast as rear, so if your wear indicator squeal is just from the front, ask if the rears can be done next time instead, if they suggest doing them all.  PS:  If you go in feeling worried they are going to rip you off, your untrusting vibe might come through, causing them to be defensive or not on your side.  If you go in asking for their help in taking care of your car and making you safe, they will want to take care of you, an entirely different relationship!
Friend driving with his daughter and his mother singing the name game song.  She picks "truck".  They both start singing, "banana-fanna-fo", grandma stops right before "fuck"..."Why'd you stop Grandma?  Why did you stop singing??"
You have shown your interest in an irrefutable, honest, vulnerable way.  You haven't acted "cool" or fake.  You've been sincere.  Additionally her friends thought your reaction was heartfelt and sweet as well.  Female friend validation means more than guys realize.  She wouldn't have given you the compliment if she wasn't open to the idea, that is a "signal" that guys typically miss.  So yes, go interact with her directly, she'll appreciate your responsiveness and being forthright.  She also, believe it or not, will be just as nervous and embarrassed as you are.  So ignore the butterflies in your belly, or share them with her!  ;-)  The worst thing that can happen is she isn't available, but you can't find that out without trying, and practicing this is helpful to make it easier and easier.
It has other symptoms, such as mixing up sequential directions, having issues with numbers and math, and orientation impacts which would be significant for a blind dyslexic.  They can also hear things out of order.  An ex discovered their dyslexia as an adult, not from reading symptoms, which were the least of their symptoms.
For me, a big deal, I'd pick up a couple smoke alarms, and I also own fire extinguishers.  They are all relatively cheap.  Don't forget renters insurance too!
I think of it another way, would I pay $3,000 for not having my wife's space invaded, and her pleased rather than bothered?  Every time there's something misplaced in the bathroom, every time you go to use it but a "stranger" is there instead, each time it smells, every time you clean the toilet, every time your toothbrush is not where you left it or wet for unknown reason...  Every time your wife returns to the bedroom and instead of having her shoulder slipping out of her robe as she flirtatiously glimpses to see if you are watching, instead she brusquely enters with a big eye-roll.  Don't worry, your son will very happily live in Mexico as an adult, rebelling from your plans for him.  ;-)  Also, consider a male tenant, rather than someone you are more likely to sleep with perhaps?  (Unless you are bi, in which case any gender of tenant in your space would be a potential threat to your marriage.)  Many people want a hope to be a sanctuary away from others, so inviting others into their space is the exact opposite of their desire, is it worth a few thousand to disrupt that?
He might not be intentionally manipulating you, but the result is you are being hurt regardless, isn't it?.  This has nothing to do with being emotional (although female orgasm triggers hormones that signal attachment/bonding/love), and everything to do with his horniness, when satisfied, he has no craving, after a time, he comes to get some.  Which leads to the topic at the core of this.  Respect.  He's using you.  That's fine, it can be nice to be "used".  You are using him too.  However if the dynamic is destructive to you, rather than rewarding, and it's impacting your emotional health such that you are posting publicly about it, I'd stop entertaining him sexually.  The other reason is while it might be lovely to have a convenient guy satisfy you sexually despite the emotional cost, are you dating?  Having one-night stands?  Getting your groove on with others?  Trying to meet someone who is available rather than married?  My guess is you are focussed on him rather than being focussed on your own relationship future.  He's got a relationship already.  You might want to find yours?  That way you can have all those good feelings most the time without the regular bad.  Balanced relationships aren't only about sex, but shared values and respect as well.  Please respect yourself?
A lot bought them but didn't keep playing them.  They were all over when they first came out.  They seem less popular than the other pay for classes.  I only played one through Bree content and did not find it particularly challenging/fun.  If you want to tank, go guard or cappy, if you want to heal, go mini or rk, if you want a wanna-be-cappy without the pet or complexity, but better dps, go beorn.
Spec matters, burgs are also not one of the easier classes, they have really high dps, but you have to know which skills to use when and have legacies to support them.  Most don't maximize their burg's capabilities.  There was a time they were weaker compared to the op they used to be, which was complained about as low dps despite having some of the highest in the game.  In regards to pvp, which isn't my focus, burgs also have a lot of survival skills.
Go back to your levelled up characters and develop them so you can do the new t2 instances, then do them.  That said, I loved sneaking past things on my burg, but can't complete slayer deeds that way, or the new kill things while you are there style of quests.
In a nearby state, women may display their nipples in public.  In my state men's nipples on a woman have to be covered.  If they didn't have nipples, they could legally reveal their breasts.  In Maine two women were released for completely nude jogging, as their genitalia can't be seen, so unless that law has been rewritten since the court case, only men are prohibited from nudity there, unless a nude woman spreads her legs while contorting her body to reveal her bits.
You are over a decade behind.  That's when I removed such from all my properties and no tenant has mentioned the lack.
You've gotten great specific articles of clothing advice.  Here's some philosophical, look at what the employees in the positions above yours are wearing, and dress for your future career position so managers "see" you as advancement material already.    In a jeans and t-shirt freelance environment I wore slacks and button downs  with casual shoes but was awarded more work than my compatriots without alienating them.
The cool part of being an adult is not having to embrace those who disrespect you, rise above, treat her with respect in the future, but get a hotel room if you ever visit again, rather than staying in a toxic environment.    She also might be jealous of your healthier relationship if her laments of her relationship were truthful rather than just for manipulation.    In the future, don't let someone hurt you so much it results in tears though, that is not okay!
First I make sure they put money down.  It's like dating, everyone says they want it, but do they call later?  If they are invested, then spend your time/energy on them.  If you have multiple viable contenders, choose which is most qualified and likely to stay longest.  Roots/family in the area helps.  If both equal, whichever communicates clearly/with least confusion.  That'll be helpful down the road.  The one I reject gets their deposit returned and nothing more than, "My condolences, we went with someone else."  I've never been asked why, and would not answer...actually was asked once, which led to fruitless pleading.  Don't give a reason for them to plead, or tempt any perception of discrimination by avoiding the circumstance altogether.  When the answer is others were picked, it makes it not about the applicants, but beyond their control.
My suggestions, leave the algae in place for them to eat.  Nitrates were zero??  If not, prepare with a water change to lower before leaving.  It doesn't sound like you have enough fast growing plants to handle nitrates themselves.
Generally ten per gallon is a recommended limit that some consider conservative, but if you add ten, which will breed, you'll have way too many in short order.  I went with two of the same sex to avoid breeding.    PS: This presumes it's completely cycled, which I'm assuming given the snails.    PPS:  I used crushed lava rock as gravel substrate to have enough surface area (it's porous) for a thriving bacteria colony to act as filtration.
"I'm sorry, circumstances have changed, I will not be available to date."  If you'd like to soften it, "...my condolences."  (Use "condolences, not 'sorry' as the later often carries a connotation of blame/responsibility."  If he asks about rescheduling, "No thank you."  If he texts further, "Please refrain from contacting me."  I recommend not blocking so there's info on how he responds, but some choose to.  Note no explanations are needed for someone you haven't invested in yet, however social responsibility and helpful communication are why polite customs came about rather than leaving someone mystified at a sudden lack of response or worried about your well being.
None of my cars ever have, nor currently do.
First invite without contact first, I just decline, only cursing if the popup interfered with what I was in the midst of doing.  Second invite without contact I contact them asking them to stop.  Third invite I'll notify them my next reaction will be to report them (as they are likely harassing more than just me with this behavior).  Finally I'll report them if appropriate, in my half a decade of playing, it's never been necessary.  Only once did it get to a more involved stage.  Note also, many younger children play the game with various levels of parental involvement, and a fair number of less computer savvy older folks too, so communication helps resolve many of these issues.  If someone acts surprised at my reaction, I explain it's rude to interfere with someone else's play experience with popups, and IMing first to let them know what you have in mind is polite.  Then they also have info that might make them interested, rather than being turned off by the equivalent of street harassment.
There was a how to in a book of "sneaky feats" I had as a kid, take an old empty check register, a strip of gauze cut to the size of a stack of bills, I think they used rubber cement as the glue applied to the register stubs, gauze set there, then stack of money.  Once dry you can tear out bills like checks.
Bummer to hear.  I lost one of my first shrimp to a preexisting bacterial infection I was too new to recognize I believe.  Don't be too upset, we deal with so much info to start it's easy to be overwhelmed and not see things.  http://www.shrimpcorner.co.uk/blog/post/18-common-freshwater-shrimp-disease-treatments  Check section 9, it mentions formalin as a possible remedy, but you've already done the important part, isolate the affected shrimp so fungal spores don't get to others.
I did this, but we failed to dictate parameters of the timeframe to accomplish it.  My closing stretched out months as the seller's eviction process was delayed by vacations and the like.    So if this is the course of action chosen, be sure to anticipate a seller wanting to collect another couple months of rent once they have a buyer hooked on the line.
My insurance policies.
My tanks are low tech with predominantly slow growers, I'm not a good resource regarding dosing I'm afraid.    It would depend how long their carcasses were left in the tank and how much of that time they were decomposing.  It's good to remove dead bodies asap to avoid an ammonia spike.  It does take hours for any ammonia to be converted to nitrites, and then again, more time for it to get converted to nitrates.  But would be a drop in the bucket for such high nitrates.  When they are that high, you can have twice as much, or three times and still read in the red.
Prior to learning language, images, then later sign language or whatever language learned.  This is why it was so hard to teach Helen Keller, getting her mental associations to relate.
I look for a neighborhood where I'd want to live.    Expect more turnover and vacancy than that, budget for even worse.  Note not just do you lack the income while a unit is vacant, but have added expense of heat, electric, etc.  Higher end tends to have more reliable tenancy in my experience.  Renters aren't the home buying types generally, I've only had one couple go that way in all my years.    Move outs happen due more to relationship changes and loss of income in my experience.
Molestation carries with it the assumption the perpetrator intends to molest.  Here you have some reactions as someone molested, but the perpetrator might just have been playing, might have been coping, might just been like so many kids playing doctor who know it's a private, not public activity, which parents are likely to interfere with.    Kids experimenting with bodies is normal growth, but if you were traumatized by it, or have reactions now as an adult which negatively impedes your own healthy sexuality/relationships that you can't resolve on your own, I'd get in touch with a therapist.
My first question is where are you in the process?  It looks like you aren't at the end of cycling, or you'd have Nitrates.    Have you not cycled yet?  Or did you cycle and have done a complete water change?   Or is this source water you are looking at considering if you should use it for shrimp?    If you are seeking 100-250 for GH, you're obviously a bit too high and would want to cut it.  The 180 falls within a 120-300ish range for KH.    My RCH are happy w/a pH of 7.8.    So, what's the context here?  What's your plan?
In my case former landlords are weighted highest, followed by employment refs., then friends more for entertainment.
An ex questioned me after seeing me not upset in the face of someone screaming at me, to which I replied, "It wasn't about me, they were just venting".
Yes, tell the counsellor, "he recently raped me", so the counsellor knows what is being dealt with.  Your are seeking support, which is good and healthy, the next step is hard, and my condolences this was done to you.
Sounds like a reasonable explanation for the bacterial bloom, awesome that is resolving itself.  :-)  My pause in timer/lighting is shorter than yours, just half an hour, *shrugs.  Since you already have that setup, can't add it obviously.  Only you know what your tank lighting can handle, would a reduction in overall time make sense?    I like your plan, I have water sprite floating in mine.  Note, that's a long range plan.
Well, first you feed them honey to charge up.    Sorry.  I've been on the receiving end of the heal everything around in a giant radius skill, great for repairing stuff in Battles.  Seemed pretty spammable too.
I'm with ya', tossed in some water sprite a few weeks ago, floating, low tech, divided one into three yesterday.  They all are merrily producing new leaves faster than the anubias and java fern, which each have produced one.  Guess they like ammonia!?  Heh.    Actually, now that I think about it, the two smaller I tossed in my existing jarrarium with shrimp haven't been as happy!
I have a sweet tooth too, dislike bitter foods/beer, love fruit, Pyrat rum some here don't like due to it's sweetness and orange note, but it has little after burn and from your description sounds like one you'd enjoy straight more.    Mixed, try a daiquiri or similar.  Mojito fits the bill too but only if the bar offers it/isn't busy, as it takes time to make.
That all sounds good to me, and comprehensive.  (I had one come to me with a bacterial infection apparently, it increased and passed a week or so after living with me sadly, it's mate has lived on, others have been happy since.)    Your acclimation process sounds good generally...  I have had molting, with GH 6 and KH 3 (bottom end of the range), so that'd be my only guess, sorry to not be of more help.
Then tell him no if you want, you have all the leverage.  I'd want to move out to better accommodations, so might ask to be released from the lease with full security deposit returned (in writing) if he wants to charge for a visitor.  On another note, most areas require heat of a certain minimum between specified dates.  If you are there come autumn, I'd send a copy of that law prior to that date.
Investing.  Law courses.  This was the best I took, one night covered contract law, another night landlord/tenant, another court system, etc.  Real estate.  Any handyman type stuff, which is also covered by YouTube nowadays, be sure to watch multiple videos on a subject to see what others left out or are bad techniques.
Couple other thoughts in response to your main questions.  You could mix your tap w/distilled, but I wouldn't, here's why, you'd probably want more like 1:2 or even 1:3, rather than 50/50%.  It's trickier to keep that consistent than distilled.  Water companies also adjust according to season, rain impacts things, changing water sources, distilled is more consistent.  (Note, I'm a tap user, so not just advocating what I use, but advocating what I don't.)  The other reason I'm for the shotgun approach of starting fresh and taking the month or two to get it cycling before adding shrimp again, is exactly because we don't know the root cause here.  But more importantly, the system should be able to handle whatever went on without breaking stride, so achieving that would be desirable as a solid foundation.  Also, :-) you are most welcome!  Been there, done that, know how much further insights help.
With her, have her shut off her main breaker.  Observe all your stuff working.  Done.  She is not paying for everything that still functions.  The key is to do it with her so she is convinced.  Doesn't matter what you say/test, let her.  This is more about her belief than reality, and her being convinced.
*tilts head, that's out of context for this thread, there was one that used to, their shrimp were more survivable for me than other breeders', I haven't checked in months though.
I second the hatched, my guess is that momma likely already has a new saddle forming as well?    They are teeny, so tiny, and clear, won't get color/markings for several days.  You can have a dozen or two in your tank and no clue unless you happen to be looking in the right spot as one swims by.  If you have a black foam filter, look on it for a tiny whitish/clear shrimp shaped thing that swims and moves like a shrimp.  They might also be on glass where there's some algae or biofilm, or on a plant leaf, but you'll likely never spot them in moss or similar.
Hi!  You don't need to do anything special for them, they will eat biofilm that is already in your tank!  :-)  Even new tanks have this, so don't worry.   Baby shrimplets are tiny, less than a quarter of an inch!  They are clear, no color, so very hard to spot.  If you are looking in the right spot at the right time you might see one move into your view sometimes.  They look like teeny, tiny shrimp and move like them.  :-)  As for water changes, if you need to do one soon, I'd do it before the eggs hatch.  Later, cover the intake hose of your siphon with some stocking, or stuff filter foam or similar in the end, it might slow the flow and take longer, but will keep from sucking out shrimplets.  :-)  A stocking shouldn't affect the flow much.
Been there, done that, quick and easy it was thrown out, but, since this became such a popular method years ago, places have been getting current on their speed studies and adjusting signage accordingly.
I was expecting the ball to go where the black one was and them to collide right in the midst of its doing its business.  *reddit-jaded
The best thing was my parents making me write out the ratios, in other words, flipped bike upside down so it was on the handlebars/seat, put the gears to be on the innermost sprockets, turn the pedals one rotation, how many times did the wheel go around?  Move the chain to the next sprocket on the rear wheel, how much did the wheel go around?  Etc.  The hard part is there's overlap.  That was a ten speed, and 1-10 weren't 1-5 then 6-10 on the other front sprocket, it was like 1,2,4,6,8 and 3,5,7,9,10 or something like that.  So, once you know which of the front ones allow easier hill climbing, and which of the front are more for going the distance, you can then shift the back as needed.    My routine would be start on the easy front one, and easy back, shift up the back as I got moving, then shift the front over, finally moving the back all the way.  (Note you don't want the chain on the leftmost rear and rightmost front, or vice-versa, it strains going at that weird an angle all the way across.)    Come to an uphill?  Shift the back down one or two, then shift the front to the easier sprocket, now you can adjust as needed.
I'd not heard of that with cotton balls, but not phased here.  Yes, light-headed during orgasm happens, and more, blood pressure can do funny things.  Solar system is a set of things orbiting a significant gravitational mass.  Galaxy is a set of solar systems.    The shellfish have different shapes, colors, textures, etc.  Wikipedia claims BLT not recorded prior to 1900.  Note the ingredients weren't all readily available until after World War II when supermarkets and year round produce became a thing.  Check /r/bartenders where such questions have been asked before.  Codpieces have been part of armour ever since it's been more form fitting, for obvious protection reasons, then aggressive reasons it's amplified.    Toenails with waves might have an issue (ranging from mild to serious).  Yes, somebody has the link to that epitaph, whether they see your post or not is the real question.    Some fire alarms you can see the glass tube with ink in the way of the lever.  It's designed to get on the hand, not squirt onto a changeable shirt.  The method of delivery of soap is irrelevant for the most part, agitation does most the cleaning, surfactants help loosen material.    I don't know who'd win a fight among characters I'm unfamiliar with.  Spray paint doesn't like doing hard corners, it drips if you stop, also sweeping motions are easier with big arm strokes and sizes than straight lines, so gangs prefer cute girly lettering emphasizing their feminine sides.
