I have just mapped the yellows in my head on my route home. there are the turn outs for the turn lanes and they have these long solid white lines. Generally my rule of thumb is that if I am next to that line I can make the yellow since that is what the road designers decided was enough room to move out of traffic and safely stop for a light. Now sometimes you will get the stupid long turn lanes for lights that are high traffic but the majority of the time this works for me.
Normal day.
My first seizure cat!
Yep as an atheist I know the feels. As a man with many religious family members though, those words are comfort and easily forgotten.
As an atheist I like to think of it this way. I never know someone in real time, everything is on a slight delay and my feelings for them are just memories. Memories are just electrical and chemical pulses that move between the wiring of a brain. I know when I die my electrical pathways die with me but as long as I am remembered I am still triggering neural pathways in another brain. I am imprinted on the brain of another and because of that I am as alive as I ever was but just not creating any new pathways. Death is not to be feared, to be forgotten is scary.
Would be bad for me... Worked out well for my wife.
From east texas, may be able to shed some light.   Looked like he was throwing another bit of pipe onto the end of the drill. He first removes the piece that connects to the drive side of the drill, this is what he puts over to the right. He then latches onto a new section of drill pipe and screws it onto the end of the pipe in the ground. Now they push that pipe down and put the drive connection back on and they can drill another 10 foot or so section.   (Not a roughneck, not sure of any of the terminology)
Pretty sure they fail a lot.   From east Texas... brother in law is a roughneck/oil field trash, does lots of meth, lost his 3 sons... Every time he comes home he gets clean... every time he goes back to the field he gets back on the shit... Until that one time he brought some back and now I have a meth addicted sister in law.
That's just like your opinion man...  I dunno someone told me to post this here, I made this for /r/electronic_cigarettes
Dude... im from Texas and this seems fucked up........ Texas....
I just did this.  Unless you are willing to spend hours in the attic pulling cables hire someone. It is a massive PITA and if you mess up you can only blame yourself. I ran 1 cable and called an electrician.   A few notes, always run more cables than you will need. If you think you need 2 drops for a room run 4 even if you don't patch them in. Cable is cheap. Also buy more than 1 spindle if possible. Pulling 2-4 runs at a time is easier than 1 run at a time.
9 VMs running off of it could use it depending on demand. I use 2 SSDs in a RAID 0 for the OS/games (backed up) partion on my desktop and enjoy the 1GB/s Read. a RAID 1 would also be a suitable option for redundancy.
It gets me when I go some place that isn't the grocery store. I buy a bunch of crap and they are like... oops no bags... damn you frys and your million tiny deals.
I still get my plastic bag fix in Round Rock.
More like.   My name is potato and I potato potato potato
I remember my epic run away.   I packed up some snacks and a few juice boxes. I took my traveling companion, a little green lizard I had caught in a mason jar and went and made a base camp just on the outside of the bushes in my yard. I think I lasted 30 mins and then wanted air conditioning again.
For any reasonable parent, that also spanks their child, a 3 year olds tantrum is in no way punishable by a spanking. Jesus, you people seem to think that if you spank your kid that is the go to first line of punishment when in reality it should be your last recourse.   Spanking is for repeat and grievous infractions only. A child crying is natural and part of a child's development. Most of the time it is to simply be ignored to show the child that it has no effect.   Spanking should never be done in haste or anger. If you cannot control yourself with a child you have issues that go far beyond being a parent. My parents spanked me, it was probably the only punishment they could give me that mattered to me. My parents did spanking in a way that was appropriate, metered and effective.  I was sent to my room for my parents to have a moment to calm down, you should never spank when you are angry and never show that anger in the spanking. The waiting for the spanking was 10X worse than the spanking itself. Knowing it was coming and being unable to stop it was the worst part.   My father would normally be charged with the spanking duty. He would sit me down and talk with me about what happened and what I had done and why I was being punished. I ofcourse tried to blubber my way out of it but he knew if I talked my way out of the punishment it would be a worthless lesson.  He would give me my pops and then it was over. I would be angry and in a huff and he would leave so I could calm down. Once I wasn't as angry any more my parents would both give me a hug/kiss and tell me they still loved me.   This is how spanking should happen. This is a foundation for a system of punishment that is not abusive but is definitively effective. There is no need to beat your child or abuse them.
Servers are mounted horizontally in generally 42U+ rack. They have a cold side and hot side cooling system though. I do servers for a living :). My idea is for vertical mounting where instead of a hot or cold side you have cool air on the bottom and it sucks it up through the chassis and blows it up, it is also assisted by thermodynamics of hot air rising.
Working the phone is not the issue, its the pocket size.
I wear baggy pants, its not that it doesn't fit, it just isn't comfortable.
I HAVE A 6000 HP HONDA!!! (do I get upvotes now?)  Anyway, 40% may be possible in a normal ICE... at a perfectly tuned RPM... with something like a Miller cycle engine with an electric turbo...
Im already married... but I like cake... can I get in on this cake thing?
*sniffles* I miss my favorite doctor...
I am a proud gun owner... They sit in my closet, with no bolts installed and no ammo in the house. Why should I lose my right to have them. No one is being hurt by these 2nd amendment protests. Charge the idiots with whatever they did and leave the legal ones alone.
I use trip b to show how many miles I have driven. I had 47K on trip b when I traded in my 2012 mustang.
&gt;&gt;I told my wife someone in a Mopar was going Nowar (she laughed I don't care if you do or not.)  She didn't... we still love you Wwhizard
It probably doesn't have what you are allergic to in it. Get some and put a dab on your hand and see if you have a reaction, if not put some inside your elbow on the skin and see if you have a reaction, then taste a bit and see if you have a reaction. Always have some epinephrine handy.
When I use my blinker   You other Jackasses speed up   Fuck you. Im coming in
A bit loose too, my friend was able to access her if you know what I mean.
So when I deal with my VAR I put him to work doing the research and shit I don't have time to do. Finding and getting a comparison of encryption software was my latest one. He then fought with Sophos to get me the best pricing (or so he says). He also helped coordinate support when shit went wrong with the deployment and helped to get everything straight.   He is also a single point of contact that adds ease of use for issues like returning products.
Every time... I knew there was going to be some reason this adorable dog was going to die... Damnit Reddit!
We started out friends
I was sad I knew what was coming...
To be fair... even I take 3 tries to plug in a USB once in a while...
Sounds a bit like my job... minus software engineer... that matrix code shit is for the birds.
IT guy here! The way the companies normally do this is through contractors. Instead of hiring H1Bs directly, they outsource IT to the contracting company. The contracting company "can't find American workers". Disney isn't in trouble because they didn't fire Americans and hire H1Bs they just hired a contracting company.
sorry its 250 now, was getting O365 stuff mixed up.   https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/Licensing/licensing-programs/enterprise.aspx   Here is the licensing for EA.   I cant find a source on the win 10 enterprise, it is what I was told when I went looking for LTSB for my organization through my VAR.
Depends on how you have them setup. I haven't let them into my environment but one person who has a non domain joined tablet said he woke up the next day and windows 10 was installed and broke everything. He reverted back.
Thankfully I am not one of those people.
Can you show what you did with the power cables in the back? I am building a MDF in almost the same config but haven't figured out what to do with the power. I have a pretty much full 45U 2 post rack.
Yeah, I was thinking that and thus the thought of our 405w junipers are fine.   I do know that we will mainly just be powering old mitel 5212 phones and some APs on about half the ports (2 ports per desk)
UPSs will be contained in the 42U next to it. I need more crap to fill that in anyway. I am mainly trying to get how to cable the damn power on this rack with little cable management space.
Already got the 6" cables, the side cable management is for the 570 cables coming in from the outside office.
Core is 100% SFP+ so thankfully there should be no cross plugging :).   I think what I may do is follow your advice on going down vertically and managing the cables together. I should have open space at the VERY bottom of the cable management fingers after the drops come from the ceiling. I am thinking of having 2 208v 30A PDUs down there with the cables funneling out nicely and plugging into the PDU. Then the PDU will run under the rack holding my UPS and bam all done. Sound reasonable? I am definitely trying to keep the power the hell away from my data.
Had this happen to my company a month before I started... BSA is no joke...
He hit a phone pole while writing on Reddit driving.
&gt;Having said that, we're on Mitel for our VoIP system.  my apologies. Enjoy micollab and its horribleness.
Mine is "Managed"... still my effing problem.   Who supports y'all? Our company is a damn nightmare some days.
It feels dirty and nice all at once!
I got my DHCP split off my DCs, even though I had the user setup for DNS updates, it didn't seem as good as having it in a separate split role cluster.
