I'd like something along helpdesk/IT type position.
Thank you!  :)   I feel like I'm going to need it
Thanks lovely. It's much appreciated.   It's depression. It has been getting the better of me recently, that's all.
Yes. Only one. I'm sorry, trust me,  I understand how hard that is lol
Yes! I saw them about 2 and half years ago. They opened for Of Mice and Men, and August Burns Red. Loved them since.
It's hard enough to find myself a new one :/
Well, that's exactly how I was too!! I'm finally fixing this, or at least trying to.
Fuck yeah! I've got a biking routine started. I need to stick with that.
I did. I even sent you a snap showing I followed.
I might with the next paycheck. I did work 20 hours of overtime :/  Also, /u/alydian, see... you two are bad influences.
Because there was no choice. I wish there was. I don't even do my job for half the night because the other shift is still there. I hate it.
I wish I could ride a raptor into work :(  Yes, my friend and I did have a 15 minute conversation about having a pet raptor,  which could be used to ride around on.
What would I name my pet Iguana? Iggy.
Nope. I still miss my comfy bed haha
Especially when people lose gifts in the snow. LOOKING AT YOU /u/artsykitty! hehe  (She didn't get a gift until a month later because it was buried under snow, so she didn't find it till it melted.)
Lol, yeah, I already sent resume to couple places, most of which I didn't meet requirements.
Us too. This is why I want to move to TX. No snow. Or at least very very very rarely.
Yes! Mine are for you! :D
Lol... yeah, if it wasn't for having to be an adult haha
[Ahhhh!!!!!](http://rs554.pbsrc.com/albums/jj434/svroman/GIFs/SPN_GASP-gif.gif~c200) Thank you, you incredibly wonderful, lovely, awesometacular lady!!!! :D
My aunt is right handed, but always uses her left hand when cutting with knives. It can really screw her up when she cuts her hand.  Also, is it weird I wear a baseball glove on left hand, but when I was younger I played hockey in middle school, and as a goalie wore the catching glove on right hand. I don't know why.
The people of this sub make the rough days bearable. I love ya all.
You're right. You don't. I have my ways hahaha.  What can I say,  I like trying to brighten up days for friends in whatever way I can.
Lol, I've watched the first 3!
Oh my. I am so sorry to hear &lt;3  If you need to vent off steam, feel free.
I think I put about 450-500 into Fallout 3...
Oh me too! Then I got a PC anf added mods and it was a whole new game.
I don't know why, but I am feeling super anxious tonight :/ I'm not sure why I am.
Glad it wasn't bad!   Mine is okay. I'm kinda super anxious right now. I don't know why :/
I'm sorry. I really am.
I was even thinking of summoning you earlier, because it had been awhile since I had seen you.
Last night at work was awful. Super anxious about several little things, with plenty of self doubt creeping in :/  About time for bed. Hopefully a little rest will fix things.
Okay. If I wake feeling the same, I'll shoot you a PM :)
Yeah, and it'll be perfect for my friends and I!
I'm in love now too. Especially since it's a quick card game. I think I can get a few friends to play that Saturdays.   Hopefully they'll want to play Saturday!! :D
So that /u/windurr is a pretty wonderful mod. She's also a great friend who has done so much for me! &lt;3
Oh wow. Thanks :) I'm not that deserving haha. You're the best and deserve everything.
Well it's not me. I'm nothing special. So it must be you. You and /u/footew.
I failed so hard... i meant not on your terms when you shop for a new one. Instead your computer broke, forcing you to.  I'm bad at words lol sorry.
Love you /u/artsykitty!!!! This should brighten the day :)
I'm at work!!! I can't watch!!!!!! Ahhhh!
Oh I know the streak isn't ending!!! I won't let it!   I'll probably get a response like once every other hour since you'll be engrossed in the game. Which is totally cool, because I'm thinking about buying Witcher 3.
Yeah, I put in an insane amount of time in first one.
My thought process before bed: "I'm going to start downloading witcher 3 before bed, then it's ready right when I wake up!"  This idea would work a lot better if I had turned off the sleep function. Now I must wait for the other 85% to download. I am not a smart man.
Yay! Me too. Even though I finish then way quicker than expected.
Awwww!! :( Sending you healthy vibes and hopes of feeling better!!!!
Note to self for the day I plan on quitting....
AGDQ is the best! :D  I love watching speed runs outside of there too. If you're speed running, then the glitches are great. Now if you're legit just playing the game, and glitch to make it easier for yourself, then I don't care anymore.
I have MegaMan theme!  Probably not something you'll use, unless you love Mega Man, but I felt like sharing lol. As /u/suzerz said, Zedge is great!
I shouldn't have that power. I worked so much overtime and got a nice paycheck. I've blown through it so bad haha  But congratulations to you! :D
