Ah yes, IIRC CERN in the 90s, some of the worlds also some of the worlds largest trolls. /s  I agree with you and the above isn't quite sarcasm. Honestly some academics are huge trolls.  Source: Am a academic
I'm sorry... I shouldn't be so mean. I know how hard it is living in NJ :P
it's ok I'm too tired to deal with that thread either, just come have a nice enjoyment of the game with us.
&gt; Volunteer at brewery? Sounds fun.  Sure is! Just an inconvenient time this week.
If I win the powerball (1.4 billion) I'm buying this team and firing cappy day 1.
I'm in Atlanta... I don't think I can make it to that one because valentines day and all...
I might do this as well.  Plus then I can couch co op all those sweet sweet coop games that I don't know about
Can I just reuse the my hockey playoff beard for this? It's pretty nice actually
Installing tonight and seeing how my steam controller works with it.
I run all amd and it works fine. Just use the FOSS driver and you should have no problems
I kind of imagine the mix of people at the games being tourists and locals. If this is the case it could be that the tourists (think families who have kids, hockey fans on vacation, and old people) buy lots of merch and souvenirs keeping revenue up.   I know once the schedule is released I will be planning a Vegas trip around the Islanders game there. Sucks for the home team but whatever.
Yeah... damn I am not going to know what's going on am I
My guess is if anything happens before the draft we will hear about it in the afternoon. Snow is most likely on the phone with player agents this morning then meeting scouts/cappy after lunch before headed to talk to gms at the stadium. Probably around 3-5 we will hear the first rumors of any draft day trade. So grab a pint and relax until then
that is exactly how I feel. I don't think Garth will pursue him though, not after the offers we made him 2 years ago.
I've got it, I share it here as I read it...
damn I missed some hate mail :/
I just threw up in my mouth...
I was half asleep and a bit drunk so yeah... Not proud of that one
In on beer  10 I think, why we do bad?
I am officially running for Mayor of Dur-Kur.
I don't think I've achieved it yet. I want to achieve it, but you have to give me a chance. I shouldn't run for mayor, I should run for legislature. But I won't  because I want to make sure our cities are dynamic and able to handle whatever challenges faces England.  So far, I've voted consistently for a handful of elections. I've watched the streams. I've contributed to my parties. I lost an election within my first two weeks. But you know what, I know civ. I know how to play the game and I'm not the worst at politics, or so I think.
Do you get to ask two questions? Fine, because I've played over 500 hours of civ. Because, I will listen to the people who elect me. Because I want to win this game for England. I pledge to enact a system where the people get to voice their opinions in Dur-Kurigalzu.
I would like to be considered.
Yes it was me. I am not getting anymore involved though then I am.   I think it was the right move to make it, I am willing to give you the benefit of the doubt. But I do also remember you building a wonder in time of war. Why you aren't running for reelection in York is beyond me.
We should also reintroduce ourselves to the sub. Maybe give a short blerb about who we are and why we do this.   Apparently we are both grad students. I live in Atlanta so I do this to help stay following and involved in the team and uhh yeah I really want to help more these days but I find too much time is consumed drinking and watching my poor islanders
As I pointed out to Mr. Jovanos, there is no indication that those are British soldiers on that ship. Perhaps you are projecting your own feelings about our military onto them. It is after all members of your party who hindered the war effort with Babylon. You sir, share the blood of our fallen soldiers on your hands, as well as the hands of your entire party for not fully supporting the war effort.   I will forgive your dismissal of the Pirate Party, but I will not tolerate your slandering of my work.
well. yeah, on the meta level. I never played the game and thought it would work. I suppose I can forgive and forget, for now.
no sorry, I actually forgot that.   E: I can add a correction to the next issue
Jesus Fucken Christ  I am happy we are scoring.  I am confused though, is this real? Or will they fall back asleep in 25 minutes?
hopefully some of them stumble in then and we can help them out.
location doesn't track with political affiliation.  Also I made this at 2am local while drunk. Almost didn't release it because it might accidentally rustle some jimmys.  Sorry there was gingerale to represent OMNI but I didn't think anybody would care or notice so I took it out...
I just bring my own
ah ok, yeah I've seen you kick around the /r/collegehockey I think once or twice
I alternate throughout my code, just to piss off whoever looks at it next.
I didn't even realize he was playing until the last minute or two  was trying to figure out who was there instead of ladd. Honestly, the two are interchangeable in terms of notice-ability.
I gave you what I though was a valid reason not to... I'm not ashamed to say I think I lack experience and I don't fully know my way around[....](http://www.smbc-comics.com/?id=2475)
Man  I miss seeing him on the ice. He was always happy... This injury sucks hard
ah yes 2004, good times.
Yeah, I will certainly be on the list. There aren't many who won't be
I'll sign this.
but I miss you :(
I'm sad because game 3 isn't until tomorrow :/
well yes and no, note the bandwagon part of the flair. I just want to watch and enjoy the game.
I'm just basking in all of it
Weird, that's what normally works for me with women.
My liver cant handle it
I'll run out of beer
TBH a week's worth of groceries (meat included) costs closer to $40-50 but I get the point. Also tofu is cheap as Fuck
Working on it. Ie was a dumb 2fort that had this song welcoming you back
I plan to be hungover, sleep till noon and figure shit out then.
