I was born in 1995, I would have loved to live through the 80's. Just for the music alone, absolutely sensational, I bet!
Sure have, I attended the UCF Penn State game last summer!
I'll miss those legs...
He has lost a lot of weight since that was taken!
Especially when Lynch reached the half yard line, I'm ashamed to admit, in that moment, I thought it was game.
Chi town is beautiful!
Cntrl + shift + n. On Google chrome!  Edit: Apologies, misread your question. It's basically concealing your identity!
I'm in love with the Kolo!
/u/itsNOSAJ thanks for these, they make the off season a little less painful!
[It was a good day!](http://www.dailyfx.com/forex_forum/attachments/gbp-jpy-pairs/254980d1383063709-gbp-jpy-pairs-good-day....jpg)
Thought I was in ~~/r/news~~ /r/worldnews for a minute. Thanks for this though, I personally wouldn't have thought of that prior to this thread!
1970, just so I could personally experience the awesome music of the 70's and 80's!
Our performances on the road have been terrible, having to go on the road in the playoffs scares me
Seattle is such a gorgeous city...
Ineligible and eligible receivers in the NFL to my dad!
I am the guy on the freakin standee
Same, although I did get quite antsy after they scored, leading up to the onside kick but beast mode calmed my fears!
Tre Jackson, our fourth round pick from FSU who plays Guard...
Man, it sucks that we didn't make it this year, I know it's not happening this year but I can't help but feel like Brady knows he'll be done soon. This year was a missed opportunity, imo. He's such a great QB and leader and we need to get him that 5th ring before he calls it quits, what a sad day that will be!
We let our city down boys!
Cleveland
This makes me feel so lonely haha
Bingo, I'm Irish haha, didn't mean anything by it!
Lucky you, I got Stewart Downing flashbacks...
Dude, you have it lucky. When the Pats are on SNF, I'm awake till 5am.
I knew I forgot someone, we really are stacked at receiver!
Would you be kind enough to let me know if you come across it? I'd love to read it too
The only reason I watch The Herd is because of Kristine Leahy
I've never seen such a bust of a Giants team in the playoffs
Honestly, this team is great but I for one am super nervous for this game. I just feel the overconfidence is gonna bite us and yes, I get it, we have minimal impact on the outcome of the game but I still feel super nervous!
Man, I hope Julio is alright
Man, I'm nervous
My damn heart when I thought we had lost the ball
And I've just gotten really uneasy and nervous
Feel bad for Vince, glad we got him 2 rings!
I have work in 4 hours but fuck it, I love my Patriots too much. Thanks for an awesome game boys
Man, I love Doc!
With super low fares to Cleveland, Ohio. South West, that's transfarency!
Hope Flowers is alright, he's been pretty good for us
I love you Logan Ryan
My fucking heart when I saw that Steeler racing toward Brady
London is a beautiful city but I always find it fascinating how European cities differ from US cities in terms of layout. For example, take NYC and London, two cities of approximately equal size, but one has really long, wide avenue's and the other has really crammed city streets. I know the two countries aren't comparable due to the sheer size difference but I still find it fascinating how different they are!
Multiple times a day, I live on this subreddit practically lol.
Why did I open that in work?
She's getting married? No, I could've sworn she was the one...
I just can't understand why people can hate this man, he's so genuine. Always takes the high road, class personified. Love ya, Tommy!
When you only know one person at a party and they walk away and talk to someone else...
God I miss the shit out of those days, not a care in the world playing Halo with people you didn't know
Julian is hilarious, I love that guy to death!
Man, I wish I had the clearance on the classified information
