I'm not your buddy, guy!
And he had the best hip rehab ever. Shoot a bow with his feet!
I wanna wear a zoom suit. All the time.
Thank you! Do you know of any specific mythological stories that it's based on? I've definitely let myself get wrapped up in this world now lol
I'm brand spanking new to this game. I love it but don't get it at all. I'm playing on an Xbox one. Is this game even officially released on PC yet or is it still in alpha?
Yes! Jumping is so hard! I don't get it! Lol But I freaking love everything! The first time I came out of hyperspace next to a sun, I literally gasped!
Effin A! Just figured it out! You hold down A to bring up the menu and push up on the d-pad to do it! I feel so liberated now! Hahah
One of em tried to cut off my grandmas finger to get her ring. My grandpa grabbed the guys arm and twisted it down so that the guy stabbed himself in the leg really deep. Then they ran like hell.
I'll ride in your Cobra with you ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
It's not overly heavy, but you definitely know you're wielding a deadly weapon. My nightstick is telescoping, so I like that it sits right by my glasses case, because it's about the size of a glasses case, so that if I need it I can grab it quickly. Anyone who doesn't know what it is just thinks it's a flashlight.
Thanks guys.... That's nice of you to say....
Nicest thing I've read all week!
If it makes you feel better, I've heard this could be an Asian tourist. It's common practice for them to wear both jerseys to show respect to both teams
I have an Xbox One and I love it. If I were you though I would take a look at the upcoming games for Xbox One. Cuphead, Crackdown, Quantum Break, Gears 4, Oxenfree, (which is coming out this Friday) and ReCore (which is made by the guys who did Metroid Prime) are all coming to Xbox this year and have me beyond excited! If those games catch your eye, I'd strongly consider getting an Xbox One.
Thanks for this, but I'm really ok! No one would have expected the Pack to do that well! I'm just excited for next year and ready to cheer the Cardinals on in the Super Bowl!
I actually like Bridgewater. And I really don't hate the Viking team (except for AP. Fuck that guy in the fucking neck), I just don't like their fans.
That was the day Al Harris was immortalized in my mind! Even have an Al Harris rookie card. He's in an Eagles jersey but still....
Hope OP is fine with paying me a year salary now that I'm fired!
I did see it. I thought it was an interesting subject, but I just felt like he delivered so poorly on it. I actually liked him quite a bit in the theory of everything, which was why I was looking forward to the Danish girl. But I thought his performance in it was very forgettable.
Yeah, Birdman was definitely an experience, and I was talking to my friends about it afterwards, talking about "wasn't this cool, and wasn't that cool?" But then once I got into bed and had time to think, I kinda came to this conclusion; I see movies for enjoyment. If I enjoyed a movie, it has merit. But I didn't enjoy Birdman... I totally get it. I get that it's a message on how it feels to be pigeonholed (heh) into a role and never be able to break out of it, and I can appreciate that message. But I disliked it for the same reason I disliked Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Because watching it gave me the same feeling as when you're somewhat sick to your stomach but not enough to be full blown sick. Just....so uncomfortable....   Whiplash was pretty formulaic. The dad apologizing for being bumped into in the movie theater for instance ("get it?! Cause, like, his dad gets walked all over, and he hates him for that, but he'll let someone else walk all over him when it's important to him!!!"), but, holy shit JK Simmons. I don't think I've enjoyed watching an actor act as much as I have watching him act in that movie! He is a total dick, a selfish asshole, and I loved every minute of it!
SO excited to read Hellboy's winter special! I snagged the variant cover too!
The hardest part is over. You told someone. You didn't let it sit in the shadows and fester. That's poisonous. Now you can start healing! Also, if you ever feel like you need to talk to someone, know that you can message me or pretty much anyone else on here! I'm confident we'd all be willing to listen!
Eh, if we're getting really technical, it's like the kid knocked it wobbly, I had to choose between saving my tv or saving the kid, so I save the kid (tv is still just a tv after all). But my friend still owes me 500 bucks.
EXCEPT FOR YOU'RE TYPING THIS ON A LIBRARY COMPUTER SINCE YOU CAN'T AFORD ONE BECAUSE YOU LIVE IN THE DUMBEST PLACE POSSIBLE
I was just thinking that! Holy shit those graphics look great! FUCK Konami for doing this!!!
Dad? Is that you?
I just developed a tick reading this...
I was working in a warehouse and accidentally swept some dust on a coworkers shoes. He grabbed the broom from me and spit on the bristles. Apparently, if you sweep dust on someone's feet, it's an omen that they're going to be in jail soon. Spitting on it afterwards helps to remove the omen.
This. When the Bills owner died, I got absolutely shit on because when they said on ESPN that he owned one of the greatest franchises I said "wait, what?...."
The weird thing is that I listen to some of the podcasts that she's on, and she pretty regularly says her age, and the OP never has her age right. You'd think a stalker would learn every little thing about her....
Yeah that's a pretty good point.... Man, I genuinely feel bad for this guy.... I know what it feels like to want nothing more than to be with someone who doesn't want to be with you. I don't know if it's worse when it's a situation like this where you don't even really know the person....
Just got it too! Thank you Wario64!
Protip: follow Wario64 on Twitter and make it so you get a notification every time he tweets. He tweets game deals all the time. I have no idea how he does it! He tweets basically from sun up to sun down!
that's where I'm at... looking at the devs, I'm worried, but we'll see... I'll probably get it either way.
I think he still lives in OKC actually....
Am a man. Don't masturbate.
Oh sweet! I have HBO so I'll check it out!
Dude, I'm a big time horror fan. I've also been held up at gunpoint. Those are two different feelings. I don't want to feel the fear of being held up at gunpoint ever again! A lot of people are saying though that when you're in a VR horror game, that's the type of fear you feel though.
Yeah, my wife regularly comes down to my office to yell at my boss when I tell her he's being a jerk! She's awesome!
As someone who just bought a PS4 a few months ago, hold off. All of those games you saw in that gif are not coming out until at least 2017. Last Guardian is the only thing coming out this year for them.
Interesting... I'd like to take you up on that, but to be honest I don't know if I'll be building a PC any time soon.... That's crazy nice of you though, man!
As a thunder fan, you need to stop
This one gives me a lump in the throat every time...
What all of his have you read? I've read a good number of Gaiman but American God's is still my favorite!
I'm really glad that it was peaceful last night! Nothing should get in the way of your city enjoying this championship to the absolute fullest!
I DEFINITELY know how modern warfare works! I prestiged 5 times in it! How many times did you prestige, ya noob?!
Might get your thyroid checked.... My wife's coworker used to just always be in a horrible mood and hated herself for it. Got on a thyroid regimen and she says its like night and day.
Love him like we loved him, Orlando! I'll miss Air Congo! :(
I'm sorry man.... I do feel bad....
I remember watching an interview with him when he first got in the league. He said "I'm 6' "10 now, but I'm still growing. So I hope to be over 7' by the time I'm done. At the time I thought he was kind of joking around. Turns out he wasn't!
