I looked at it, but to be honest I'd want to use it on commercial projects and the time required to learn it makes it a risky proposition. Maybe in the future as you say :)
Lived in a flat in London that had mice. Put down glue traps. Caught cockroaches. Moved out.
Congrats, guys! We on the Colosse team were v impressed with your entry.
Thanks, Callum!
I find this a frustrating opinion and one couched in tautology. VR is massively under represented by women, as is this sub, but from my experience women are just as enthralled by VR - and enthusiastic when they try it.  We need to ensure we're not making the situation worse by writing off half the population as 'not interested', thus creating a self-fulfilling prophesy where women are made to feel that this is not a place 'for them'.
Woah, hey now... I don't think it's fair to call the guy names. He's a sheep farmer and welsh, but really I think you're just being mean.
I guess it could be because I'm naturally into it, but it's cool to paint glowy lines in the air around you without any artistic 'point' - just because it's cool.   I am entirely sure there will be plenty of cool shooting on the vive lol
&gt;I'm a naturalist in the sense that I think you should except your body for what it is. It could be tall or short, fat or skinning male or female, these are the cards your dealt.  I'm not sure the above is particularly correct. Let's get away from the things you CAN change - you can of course eat well and exercise and make your body 'better' one way or another.    You are saying that for the things in our body we cannot change that we should accept them.  Which is why you don't take medication: You get sick, and your body's ability to deal with it is how you are. It's you. Same with glasses. Can't see well? It's the way your body IS. Glasses can't hide the fact your eyes are not as good as you would like.  Cancer? It kills you. Because that's just how your body is.  Or maybe things are not so simple. Maybe there ARE things we can do to make our lives better.  You might not have great eyesight, but you CAN have surgery to make your eyesight better in a lot of cases. There are risks and downsides, but you weigh those.   Perhaps a person is not male or female but feels they are. Surgery is not the first best answer of course. But maybe, somewhere down the line, it can be the right one for some people.  The priest here makes some good arguments, but he also makes some sweeping generalisations. Perhaps there are those that have had surgery and are absolutely happy with their body. Perhaps the hurt will always remain, but perhaps the benefits are real. I don't know - I am not in that position and I doubt I will ever be, but I wouldn't want to state with authority that gender reassignment is NEVER a good option. Nor would I want to be the person to say that anyone now living as a different sex is fooling themselves.   The priest speaks a lot of sense, but fundamentally we have to ask: What harm is done? Perhaps surgery covers up the 'real' problem? Sure... that could happen, and I suspect a lot of counselling and other treatments could go a long way to uncover that, but if a person still suffers then what HARM is there in changing sex? Who does it hurt?  If the question is one that a person who has undertaken sex reassignment still suffers from issues, then ok. But I don't think there is a single person in this world who is free of 'issues' one way or another. Some suffer more than others, but we all have issues.  The suggestion here is that no one should ever live their life as a different person because they're just lying to themselves. We are who we are. But who has not 'changed' themselves one way or another in their lives? Changed their style, or career, or had an experience that changed their outlook on life. Is gender really so different?  I can see how a catholic priest may see it from one point of view - and I can see his points as having a good logical basis. But if a person has worked through their issues without surgery and is in a good mental state to do so, then I fail to see what harm gender reassignment does to them.
I'll be updating the other scenes then releasing them all in a single demo. I'll also look to make for Vive, and possibly OSVR if all works out there.
Steve didn't like games either.
I don't :D But finally just wanted to get this one done.  Congrats on the CV1!
Well, I don't 'say' it, but I sometimes type it if I'm lazy or on my phone.
I'm in England and have never heard of it.
Jack's been playing it. There was a video a couple of days ago with 1.5million views now, which is nice :)
That's why I rejected my Oscar.
I personally find the idea of sticking my hand in a dead whale's mouth as a bit disgusting. I sort of see it as vaguely distasteful to take a tooth from a dead animal maybe...   &gt;People on social media called the act ‘sick’.  I mean... If you saw someone pulling teeth from some roadkill-badger you'd probably raise your eyebrows a bit.   It would be a bit weird. A bit pointless. A bit 'icky' maybe.   But I'm not sure at this stage that the whale cares, and I'm struggling to figure out what's particularly 'bad' about taking a bit of washed up dead animal. People take washed up seastars home... people catch fish and eat them, and those fish are probably pretty pissed off about it.
Mmmm applie pie.
I genuinely thought the same and was ready for the shitshow of comments, to which I was about to add. Now I have nothing to do with all this pent up sarcasm.
I'm biased as I'm a VR developer, so take all this with a grain of salt. Yes, Zelnick makes good points, but also perhaps short sighted ones. AAA companies in general don't yet have a AAA sized audience in VR to target, so there's some natural reluctance to have much to do with it from Take Two and companies like them.   From a personal point of view I'm feeling pretty positive about the future of VR.  &gt;Maybe some of the people in this room have a room to dedicate to an entertainment activity, but back here in the real world? That's not what we have in America.  I mean... many people have a 'TV room', or a room basically dominated by a pool table. Meanwhile, a VR setup doesn't have to be used ALL the time. Vive lasers can be brought out, or just sit on shelves, or even attached to walls (as many people do with speakers). They only have to use up space when you want to use them. Nothing about this is prohibitive.  Except the cost maybe. That's a real sticking point for some. Although not EVERYONE. Plenty of people spend $600 on a new graphics card. Plenty of people spend $2k on a new tv. These are not required to enjoy entertainment. Cheaper alternatives exist.  And the cost of VR will come down. PSVR will launch at a much more cost effective all-in-one price than the PC equivalents. PS3 launched at $600, and plenty bought that. Not as many as Sony would have liked, but plenty none the less. It won't be long before you will be able to get a PSVR and PS4 (PS4.5?) for something like that.  &gt;We don't have something where you stand in a big open space and hold two controllers with something on your head--and not crash into the coffee table. We don't have that."  PSVR isn't going to be room scale - it's more a standing experience, and I'm pretty sure most people can stand up and swing their arms around - they did it for the Wii. Meanwhile, the Rift is mostly a seated experience currently.   &gt;"I'm not unexcitied; I'm just saying it remains to be seen," he said. "There are impediments."  Totally fair. Yet... not EVERYONE has to get one right away. Not everyone got a TV at first, or a 4k Tv. Not everyone had a car. Not everyone had a satnav... or whatever else you want to pick.   When costs come down, hardware improves, software becomes plentiful then more people will catch onto it. Bear in mind, the biggest issue people had on the launches of the Vive and Rift - by far - was the cost. They weren't saying "This is shit, I don't want it" they were saying "I can't afford this." That's a problem that will go away.  &gt;a lot of people who play video games, for example my kids, they play with their friends sitting next to them  Sure. But a lot of people don't - I mean... that's a simple statement, but true. I'm sure a good number of people here are between games of Overwatch, or whatever, on their own, about to go play a game, on their own.   Meanwhile, there's something VERY cool about being in VR with another person, in VR chat, or seeing the other individual wave their hands around. It can be very social.   Anyway, that's just my totally biased, perhaps deluded opinion. Take or leave.
Kinda annoyed I missed that.
I'll get the team on it.
Good for you. I'm sort of surprised you were not voting before, but it's encouraging that people have such a passion for the democratic process. Certainly the killer of Jo Cox did not.   It gives me enormous pleasure to know our little chat has encouraged you to take part in this referendum no matter which way you wish to vote.
A bunch of people with more money than sense can only mean one thing.  Invasion.   Sorry... still getting flashbacks.
It's genuinely my clock. Find an identical picture posted earlier.
Batman and Robin.  I'm sort of glad I didn't. In retrospect. But it was pretty bad at the time.
If you're going to Essex be sure to visit the wonderful city of... uhh... town of... wait... ummm...   Wait...  Ummm....  I'm sure if you drive through it on the way to somewhere you might see something nice. Other than fields. There's a lot of those. Trees of course. Uhh.. Hedges! You don't get too many hedges like British hedges elsewhere. That'll be a highlight of your trip to Essex. Although you can get them outside of Essex.
I've got two kids and it might be nice to get my own house to relax in.
They had one chance to impress me and failed. I ate more burgers that trip than ever in my life, some maybe cheaper, but all better than in and out.
I don't really remember, but no where was particularly expensive and in and out was not that expensive to be fair.   The point was not that I was expecting fine dining. I was indeed expecting fast food, but it managed to be a disappointment all the same.  You don't need to defend them. They don't owe you anything.
Cool, well, be sure to come back and personally send me any interesting articles for buzzfeed and I may well check out their stuff in the future. It will certainly mean I don't have to deal with the horrible, horrible bullshit that is their main stock in trade..
"I'm a genius! Why hasn't anyone else tried this? Everyone is a moron but me"
Now you know how we feel about Pixar movies, which regularly arrive weeks after the US. We do sometimes get marvel movies a week early however, so that's nice.
Pretty sure it was a cup of tea on a warm (not too warm) summers day, in a garden somewhere. I would imagine there are scones in there perhaps.   That or fish and chips and beer and a good ol' fashioned pub brawl.
Damn.   Your dad was a baby.
I never realised how much he sounds like Philomena Cunk.
I'd be against torture because it doesn't work.  I'd rather the authorities were not wasting their time. You can pretend it is not immoral, but I cannot agree that the morality of torture is subjective.
&gt;and you are 80 percent certain that the man in front of you knows where they are  How can this ever be true? How can you have this sort of confidence in the odds. Even then - it doesn't matter at all. Because you cannot trust the information.   From your reply below:   &gt;what if you're a 100 percent certain the man knows where they are?  It doesn't matter at all. Because you cannot trust the information. Even then your premise is incoherent as you can never be 100% sure of that sort of thing.  I have a family. I have kids. Again - I still would not advocate torture, because it doesn't work. Even if I went crazy and started begging people to torture them it's probably a good idea I would not have that power and indeed I would hope that no one in that situation ever would. Because rather than being the right decision, or a smart one, or even a moral one, it would be pointless. It doesn't work.
I'm not actually working on Titanic VR - but they're an awesome production team and I was the first backer of Titantic VR
Did... Did she have sex with my dad?
Had the opportunity to see an early version of this and I'm really happy it's been released - great work those guys!
I got confused with replies and the 2.7m refers to the number of Muslims. I've no idea how many advocate for Sharia Law.
Same back, my friend.
2 people at mine as I walked in. The poll workers.
But I like my girls naughty.   A cold chill ran up my spine.
"Now, meet your new mummy. She's from Norther Ireland, children. She has some strict, uh.... opinions about things, and we're going to try really hard to do as she says or else daddy may not be able to keep playing his adult money games."
Then why are you personally offended by my opinion?
I mean... yes?   Sorry to ask, but are you an alcoholic?
I'm on the not-terrorist side.
I don't think you've thought this through. But a cake, eat a slice and then put the rest in foil, or a nice Tupperware box. It'll stay fresh for a while and you can keep it as long as you want.
"I can change him. He's really sweet sometimes," said the battered housewife.
