Don't worry. Some of us native speakers still struggle with it.
Yep, same here. So infuriating.
There are lots of other links between his films, but this is one that people probably didn't know. Myself included.
Because he's MY butler.
You talk too much  EDIT: judging by these downvotes, nobody understood that I was quoting The Mountain and not being a dick.
He's a little less proven in a top PL side. I personally believe it's a good signing, but I can see why some might be more wary. Milner, on the other hand, is as much of a sure thing as they come.
I found out recently that you press O before you land and he rolls. This takes away a LOT of fall damage.
American accent starting to set in.
It took me a while to find Colton in this pic. I honestly thought that was Burnie the first few times I skimmed over.
Flying from Perth. Equally excited.
Same haha I was like, Mel is going to marry Stannis and kill him.
Can't believe I had to scroll this far to find how to get one.
&gt;How about 120 hours of collecting flowers and herbs  If that was your experience, then you weren't playing properly. Your assessment of the game is one of that who obviously hasn't played the whole thing, or at least went into it with a very negative attitude.   My assessment of Bloodborne would be 20 hours of farming blood vials from the same area over and over just so you can attempt to take on a boss for the 20th time before realising "this isn't fun" and playing a different game. But that would be unfair, because even though that was my experience with the game, I'm not conceited enough to assume that everybody shares my opinion.   &gt;Seems to me that /r/ps4[1] isn't very polite or open-minded towards others with differing opinions.  This is absolutely true, although in this case, I believe your downvotes were as a result of your post being... well dumb. I also believe your second post will gather a few downvotes as well due to your childish assessment of The Witcher 3.
That's a pretty obnoxious way of looking at things. You're saying that if there's ANYTHING in the house that may or may not distract you from the game, then you shouldn't play ranked at all?  I've had to leave the controller a few times during RL to either answer the phone or answer the door. You can't plan for everything.
That's actually what put me off the first one. If this one has even more then I'll probably wait until it's very cheap.
Its place in the opening cutscene was awesome. It was one of the best gaming moments for me and why I voted for it. I think use of the song is just as important as how good the song is.
I can work with that.
Hmmm. Perhaps I should get dental work.
In Australia you get racially abused if you don't smoke. "Sorry I don't smoke". "FUCK YOU WHITE CUNT!"
Me either. Everyone I know just calls them Lego. Or in the context of a conversation about lego, you would just say "blocks".
It's a long season. We were never going to maintain our great form for the whole thing. We WILL get our players back. We WILL improve. We WILL make playoffs.   Also Dipo got his swagger back.
I always play in private parties, but if I get a party invite from somebody else, is it so hard to just ignore it or say "Sorry, already in a party"? Everybody seems to be of the opinion that doing this will somehow anger that person or make them feel like an asshole.
&gt;Ok. I mean, it just seems like this is the thread to do that sort of thing  I completely agree, but it doesn't stop people from downvoting. The main problem I had with it was repetition and it felt like a grind. I have no problem that it's difficult. I have a lot of patience with video games. I can sit there and battle a boss over and over again until I get it. But with Bloodborne you can't just fight the boss over and over, you have to fight through areas of enemies to get there and possibly take damage in the process which then results in wasting blood vials which you are limited to carrying. So you fight a boss a bunch of times, using up all your blood vials and bullets and you die so you lose your souls as well (so you can't buy more blood vials and bullets) which means you have to go and farm areas you've already been before just to collect enough health and bullets to attempt the boss again.   The game was 90% grind and repetition and 10% fun for me. After about 15 hours I stopped and haven't picked it up again.
I've always wondered what it felt like to be Ardra's camera.
As soon as I found out I couldn't accelerate and shoot at the same time I stopped playing.
maaaan the MP in R&amp;C on PS2 was freaking epic. So much fun playing that as a kid with split screen.
It depends if the kid or dog were yours. If it were my dog or just some random kid I would save my dog first and then go back for the kid if I can. If it were my kid or a random dog, then obviously I'd go for the kid. If they were both mine, I would go for the kid, if neither were mine, I'd go for the kid.
I love my dog. Sue me.
Love them. Playing pokemon and fire emblem on my phone at work is the best.
I agree. I fell in love with her after about 30 minutes and he spent way more time with her than that.
I don't blame the guy, I was just defending my statement.
His wife doesn't work on the internet.
As long as I get to meet and get signatures from Burnie, Matt, Geoff, Gus and Joel I'll be super happy. After all they are the reason I got into RT in the first place and I'm so happy that they are all going to be here at once. Hopefully they have a few RvB posters or blurays for sale so I can get them all to sign that.
I'm a big fan of GCs jumper. Last year's clash was way better than what you're using this year though.
I made a similarly heroic ram the other day and the guy wrote "fu cking rammer fu ck u" in chat and my team mate who scored wrote "great ram dude" it was pretty funny.
Level 100 in gta online was a massive grindfest. Repeating rooftop rumble over and over again for like 2 weeks straight was NOT fun, but it's my most treausred trophy because of the amount of work it took.
I don't blame you man, I'm getting there super early tomorrow so I can get a seat and not move until closing.
This post contains spoilers for Uncharted 3. Don't read if you haven't played it.   That used to be my line of thinking as well except for about Talbot who I've always thought was the worst and least interesting "villain" ever created. Playing again, there are 2 really cool set pieces which are the plane crash and the ship turning on its side. Other than those 2 parts, the rest of the game is just uninteresting, unbelievable and somewhat annoying. I've platinumed the game twice and I like to think that gives me an unbiased leg to stand on. It's decided that Drake and Sully will go together to one part of the world and Charlie and Chloe will split off and go together to another part of the world to find a treasure. The first place you go to is France to raid some old castle for one half of the treasure you need. Once you find it, Talbot and his men are there, of course, and steal the the treasure off you and then leave you to be eaten alive by a million giant spiders that exist for some reason (hey let's put big spiders in there). Then you go to Syria (i think) to find Charlie and Chloe because you have lost contact with them and believe them to be captured. Nope Charlie just didn't top up his minutes and to make matters more annoying, they've done fuck all the whole time you were in france. Somehow Talbot has beaten you there and his men are already there in great number. He steals your notebook from Charlie after drugging him and then Charlie turns on you. You find the second part of the treasure and everybody decides that it would be safest for Charlie to carry it (WTF???). It, of course, gets stolen again and you are set upon by millions of spiders... again. In a different part of the world, somehow these spiders are everywhere. Then you go to another place in a different part of the world to find some different treasure which then gets stolen again by Talbots men who somehow always know where you are going and once again get chased by... yep you guessed it, giant spiders (the originality and fresh game design is outstanding). I haven't even mentioned all the annoying scenes where drake gets drugged and you're running around in a dream state, that's *REAL* fun. And people think Uncharted 1 is repetitive. Anyway, I could go on all day about what makes UC3 a bad game.   EDIT: The grenade throw-back was a great idea and a much needed implementation, but it wasn't always reliable. A lot of the time a grenade would land at your feet and the prompt to throw it back just wouldn't show up, so you're spamming triangle, but nothing is happening and you die. In crushing mode I gave up trying to throw back grenades because more often than not, it would work out for the worse.
Gus said in a later panel that Geoff called him first before Griffin and he told him to only finish it off if he had a gun. Otherwise to drive away. Gus said that ignoring his advice is what got that second deer killed.
I was really hoping for a cool black guy. Would work well with the dynamic.
$350 and honestly it was that long ago I can't remember what the perk list was.
Thank you. I was trying to give my honest opinion without offending anybody, but I seem to have failed in that as, at least, two people have downvoted me.
I've never heard anybody call their computer an apple
I like Kinda Funny. They have really good knowledge of the PlayStation devs on a personal level as well as professional and they're kinda funny too.
A somebody who has been an RT sponser for years, I totally agree. Since they started doing Minecraft Let's Plays, a lot of younger people have started watching and they're all toxic little shits. Kinda Funny doesn't really appeal to the younger crowd, so the fanbase is much more mature.
I've got a mate that loves them and we all used to make fun of him for it. He played their music while I was high at his house and just fell in love with them. "Everything's Not Lost" just melted my brain in a good way and I've been a Coldplay fan since.
I've got one word for you. "MACHETE"
With TLoU you just need to blank out all your pre-conceived ideas. Sit in a dark room, put on a headset, play on "Hard" and just give yourself up to an amazing experience. You're in an envious position where you get to experience that game for the first time. Don't give that away.
The sound quality is fine, about what you'd expect from a decent quality pair of bluetooth speakers. Granted, it's not as good as having a sub or wearing headphones, but it's mainly used as background music. You can always buy better quality speakers anyway, but we cheaped out.
Griffon. Her channel is ASMRdreaming I believe.
