Xur gave me an exotic pair on Sunday  They're actually briefs
My notes:  * the base interior looked odd, the tunnels were extra high but the hangar was extra narrow compared to the movies and compared to pandemic's battlefronts  * ATAT ride along was indeed a killstreak/powerup/limited time reward, one could see the health draining on its own, but topping up when the user killed rebels  * usual DICE choreographed "moments"  * the sounds and effects are good  * I find the HUD is ugly  * jetpacks EVERYWHERE.  not sure that's good for map flow  * walking around the ion cannon to get at the generator, REALLY?  * orbital strikes while the shield generator is up?  * luke, Y U NO PILOT OUTFIT?  simply sloppy of DICE to not show a map-appropriate hero outfit.  * flying around doesn't seem to have a timer though, might be decent as long as "ion torpedoes" are not a vehicle kit unlock, such a system would render the game irredeemable to me.     This probably reads bitter, I should note that battlefront and battlefield 1942/2 were my favorite games of that era. battlefield 3 was rather disappointing, BF4 was lame.  I expect a bad game, but still hope I'm wrong.
A+ post   I'd just like to tangentially add that those that are seen as "whiners" are often that as a result of disappointment, for any number of reasons.  It could be the controls and reluctance from CIG to admit there is a problem, it could be the delays, it could be the inefficient communication of what's going on, it could be that their specific shipfu is kept in the basement with written content about it hidden because it can't be bundled with pictures into a sales pitch (cough, avenger variants, cough, personal reason)  likewise many that usually gave a lot of money are convinced that the project has to go right, and are willing to cut CIG as much slack as needed, that the ends will justify the means.  both should take a step back and empathize with the other extreme, even if its tough when so much vitriol is spewed by both.
That would be nice.  However by the time it's out, a "good" PC might be one with the equivalent of a high end system today.  I for one would of liked if CIG kept the original minimum spec target in mind (a GTX 460 as I recall), especially since renderer is apparently using the lion's share of frametime.  PBR doesn't make it prettier enough to justify cost, IMO.
the idris should be one, unless its lost its spinal cannon.   since that described feature, I had hoped that a mission in SQ42 would see you have to fly the idris in some sort of capital clusterfuck, weaving around trying to pop destroyers, the turrets independently going after their own targets, ship slowly being worn down by enemy fire.  But with the fattening the idris got, and my lack of investment in one, I don't know if its lost that heavy gun.
came in before Xmas 2014, and gjelly dropped for me -twice- when doing the first time opening POE28 big chest on two of my characters.
It's best case is faster, but lost packets or another client's lag still results in laggy experience for all who interact with them, and its simply a result of too much data being sent around for a chokepoints in any one client's route to the server.  With 64 players, you're bound to have someone with mediocre connection because their region can't sustain a server on its own.  I'm guilty of this having to connect from Canada to the Netherlands to get into a populated CTE server, for example
Probably because he likes his job
You're getting simply bullied by people here.  That's rough.   Rest of you should be ashamed, when someone tries to make constructive comments, don't pick on them for past behavior, either leave it be or hide it if their existence is so offensive to you.
There are ways one could customize old weapons.  Scratched in wood some personal markings, wrapping a barrel or stock with cloth for a more comfortable gip, cutting off a stock for quicker aim at cost of terrible recoil.
its a pass in canada.  Need to keep your average over a certain level to keep in the program, but a 50 in a course is still a pass
I remember middle of 2012 when people found these .cas/.cat files were unsecured and among cheating things like weapon stat changing there were options to remove colour grading and change contrast settings, removing DICE's art direction.  They banned that stuff, called the shots of beautified BF3 (looked like their later battlefront actually, but less glare so it was easier on the eyes) "to colorful" and refused to open up the graphics tweaks.  Using sweetFX just doesn't quite compare sadly
like me at a bar
&gt;its okay because my cancerously undertiered jet can take them on with its never actually used armament
I'm touching 18k miles on my focus, and its been just fine so far.  But I also don't use manual mode very often, and I feel like creeping in it will wear out the clutch(es) so I handle it carefully at under 20mph
With *my focus* one can feel when its a slip speed as it is unsmooth, I leave a little bigger space in traffic and give the gas just a little tap to get it past slipping speed
Yeah, the xbox store has sales frequently, I know I have bought several games through it because they were offering a decent deal.
If you have a disc copy of TARGET, don't use it.  I recently installed TARGET and it worked on my machine, had to give it admin rights
I didn't get to make 25% more in those 2 years, so prices of digital goods shouldn't shoot up (especially since its in my county's dollars)
well making money fighting became a lot more difficult, and therefore takes a lot longer
Since they're unwilling to commit to saying the cutlass will be able to use it, I'll hold off buying one.  Its going to be very cheap to buy ingame especially if it needs a pricey freelancer or bigger to use.
&gt; no reason  You mean good reason, as a Bills fan I like the brady suspsension because game 4 is @NE
DCS mirage 2000c  Fallout 4  Stellaris  Diablo 3  Might learn falcon4 BMS; House of the dying sun and Naval Action are on my wishlist for the steam sale  Even with35h/week of work I have some time for these games
It should fit, but without a clear promise I can't trust CIG.  Because I was hyped about things they said they were planning to do but eventually dropped a few too many times, things like capture the idris for AC and dark souls like MP in SQ42.  Its saner for me to save that $35 (more like $45-50 in my moose monies) for stuff like the steam sale than to but a 'fly and hope it fits in my cutlass CCU
I think I'm lucky to have grown up with cell phones only becoming popular as I was in high school  Literal children with smartphones and tablets worries me
For real though, Obama has come up to canada to thank us for this
Overnight from japan
I like to watch a game if its something very complicated or they provide good insight into how the game works and/or make a good story around it or allows for some creativity.  I watch those for inspiration.   But that's not the typical popular games being streamed with picture-in-picture of their ugly faces.
I've only flown a viper with track IR and it feels like a boat bridge with one chair
There's a youtube playlist of going through the tutorials which may help you.  That and chuck_owl's guide could help you.  Then again, your setup is probably really helpful too. I've found the warhog hotas makes learning the A10 far easier.
Wow, being such a jerk seems pretty uncalled for.  I was talking about the popular response chris gives when people ask *about how netcode will handle their goals for scale.*  Chris liked to claim that **[our] PC's** will be the limiting factor for SC's scale(so not their netcode).
&gt; PC ONLY gamer  I'm far from that, I play on my xbox and playstation as well as a computer.  &gt; I also don't really get why you're arguing that people don't like story-based games.  I'm not.  I said I haven't found a story I *loved* in years. I've liked a few and find them good. Just not amazingly impressive.  I disagree that narrative focus drives sales.  Consider the top five selling games:   Super Mario Bros. ( 40+ million), Grand Theft Auto V (65 million), Wii Sports (82.78 million), Minecraft (106.86 million), Tetris (495 million)  Only GTAV even has a remotely complex story.  And that game is still a sandbox with multiplayer.  I would argue that a story focus does not make gaming more accessible.  &gt; Don't be a douche  Well that's a mean way to disagree.
I had the unintended privilege of spectaring a sooper hornet last night, and it had a few visual glitches, missing bottom and panels jittering.
My hope for their AI is its good enough to let a player join on a pirate crew. No need to organize a bunch of players as a crew or deal with players that will scortched earth if pirated.
I prefer it to baby, honestly.  Feels kind of wrong to call a romantic interest an infant
I can't divine their intentions very well either.  However, I remain on the skeptical side.  Because of how they slipped in the Interactive Mouse (IM) mode in spite of a direct quote from ben promising nothing like it. I personally feel tricked by CIG with that feature.  I loathe that mode and have passed on backing other projects when they showed their plans have such a mode.  (for anyone asking: IM mode is where you aim your gimballs and the ship follows that cursor. )
I'm hopeful because it balances the teams in theory.  if it winds up like too many online FPS where premade groups can "pubstomp" then I'll stop playing it though.
on this normal mode its reminding me more of *mercenaries* than ghost recon.  But I loved that game so I don't mind.  I'm curious how the top difficulty where you can't be sloppy will play
Go across the rockies and you're in a colder, more depressed texas.
His election is why I have axed any plans to move to the US for my career
My dad and I play a game: how long we can hold them up.  Usually he'll play dumb ("but I can see through my windows fine") or be pervy, asking what they're wearing, I like to fake it for a bit and then have things go horribly wrong,
Hell even I was close to doubling my pledge in the citcon hype.  Had my credit card out, listening to the stream. Put it away when the polaris commercial showed its true face
I never trust cat people.
I've been working on plans to go to Spa this year as well and would be interested in such a meetup.  r/formula1 Beligan GP Camping?
I just write down last week's lotto numbers and go back to just before the draw before that one to buy a ticket.
My facebook friends can't know my DCS secret
Still waiting for Rogue One on netflix...  ...though the blue ray could be a fine addition to my collection
&gt;  &gt;  &gt;  &gt;  &gt; Sprinting from point to point is how 90% of the players do it. No one is sitting on a point and defending it. Its a constant zerg from one enemy point to another.   That's what happens sometimes in TE, there are always people who just want to run at the enemy and then shoot at something.  My most recent round of supremecy on Ayy Lnao we had a fair bit of fighting and people defending against flanking helicopter dropoffs.  A squad was holding B against helicopter based raids and dropoffs, my squad set up a tunnel to attack E, and overall less than half the match was being fought over C.  It wasn't a battlefield-like cap roulette.
I remember the bit about how they were using a  "simplify mesh" tool to generate LOD for the cutlass.  It looked neat to the casual observer, but was actually a bad way to do things because it lead to a mesh with holes you could see through and general hidiousness.    Since then I've read they're doing LODs by hand which should be way better
The problem with it is the fact that the store puts full games like forza horizon 3 right next to the mobile cookie cutter/clickers, which makes browsing the store a shitty experience when you are only looking for games of a certain production quality and significant size.  If they would create a separate store for PC-xbox  games and keep the candy crushes to a separate mobile store then I would be alright with things.  As-is with the store I've only ever downloaded halo 5 forge for PC, and only by searching for it by name.
