Hi! Could you help me with SOE EE this weekend? Im 260 Prestige Master and have completed all other EE's. Im from Finland but I can speak good English and I know how the EE is done.
Really. I've heard some theories about extra hour of 31st, wich means that one extra hour would be 32nd. After that hour it would be 1st of November. Where I came from, there is deffinetly not that kind of system, but I dont know about America or other countries.
I hate the fact that you cant do SoE EE solo. Never finding decent group of player.
PS4 Black Ops 3 Shadows of Evil Easter egg. Mic of course. Im from Finland but I can speak good English!  Add mthrs on PSN and lets get that baby done!  And I have done all other EEs solo so my playing skills shouldnt be a problem.  Ps. Im willing to help peoples who struggle ZNS and DE Main EE's
SoE EE, PS4 now! Anyone? Add mthrs and lets play :)
Totally agree. I've been at 94% like three months. All though, hardly even play MP anymore.
Got TranZit calling Card from the only one I opened.
How you can spent that amount of time? :o My Highest round is 74 in ZNS. 1h 45min to setup, got round 31 and win boss fight. Then from round 31 to round 74 took little under 3 hours.
You got more Perkaholics with one spin that I have on inventory..
About 8 and half hours. 12 Diviniums tho! :)
81 Aftertastes and 78 Pop Shocks
My strategy: Completed the EE for all perks. After that I grew two Imprints wich another one I used right away ofc. Ny gobblegums were Cache Back, Alchemical Antihesis, Dead Of Nuclear Winter, Fatal Contraption (I realized mid game, that this was a mistake) and Anywhere but Here (EE purpose only). Even when I had all perks I would leave one gun in the Pack A Punch, I used KN-44 with Dead Wire and Masamune. I camped the Boss Fight hall way as long as I could (20-75 Rounds all the way basicly). After those rounds Masamunes ammo capacity wasnt enough and Nan Sapwe was getting also empty. So I used shit loads of traps and train Zombies pretty much every part of the map and let Dead Wire do the trick :)
That many Cache Backs :o Damn boy of I could buy those from you I would!
On BO2 Mob of the Dead is my favorite. Burried is huge pain in the ass even with good team. In Black Ops 3 I only hate one EE beside Giant (duh) and that is Shadows of Evil. Dont get me wrong, I enjoy the steps, but Im bummed that you cant do it solo..
I tried that once, zombies dont move but neither does the Shadowman.
That is what happens if I remember it correctly. It is a while back so I may remember it wrong.
Chiper.  "My name is my name. My name? Oh, yes, it is Gersh. How long have I been floating? Minutes? Years? Where is now? I guess I can forgive Yuri. I quite like my new form. Hmmm, where am I now. A city on fire by a river. I know this place. Finally, I am home."
Currently using Dead Wire. Im waiting towards to level 500 to obtain some sweet perk icons.
Deffinetly new glitch. I have done DE main easter egg countless times since relased and almost always used Head Drama, deffinetly didnt work that good.
I have made a post for the odds, check my posts and  you'll find it.
Your controller is broken. I had these same problems while back, bought a new controller, problem solved.
I know it doesnt appear on Giant, but I remember getting it on Shadows of Evil.
With his seven wifes and numerous kids.
Camping at boss fight hallway and everytime I run out of ammo (every round after 80) I just train Zombies all over the map and used Traps and KN-44 with Dead Wire to kill them.
Personal Best.
Im dad, my son is 10 months. At week I play after he goes to sleep. So I play about 3 hours a day. At weekends with WL being on, I play while he takes naps (usually 1 hour - 2 hours) so it makes possible to play about five games during that time. And again, when night arrives and he sleeps. I play about 10 games. This weekend I played 15 games on friday and 14 on saturday. Today I've played 5 games and have six remaining, so I have no problem finishing my games. But if I win 3 matches ( Gold 1) with games remaining I wont finish them.
I used Kurzawa with anchor and he gets outrunned against pacy wingers very easily. I now use him with shadow and couldnt be more happier with it.
No Im not. World Record in CotD is 84 or something similar.
I loved Rakitic. Still sad that I couldnt fit him in my current team.
Same. Yesterday I watched YouTubers first playthroughs on SoE and Giant. Good times.
Yeah! Played 14 games with him, scored 16 and assisted 8. Solid card.
Same thing for me. I purchased Ben Afra and now I cant let him go. I even opened two 125k pack with coins, one of them I get Pogba. I sold him, I like Ben Afra too much...
Ben Yedder did better than Griez. And Im quite happy about it considering I got coins back from Griez and Ben Yedder is untradeble.
I got Alonso and Arnautovic. Not too dissapointed.
Sorry, I was joking. I dont even have 670+k :(
I use Koscielny and IF Thiago Silva, solid duo. Lloris in goal.
I ment in DKT. Never had a 4 or 5 bar. Even the 3 bar is rare for me.
Im so pissed off I opened my 5 TOTW Tradeble packs while trying to get Naiggolan. This week looks freaking awesome!
I used to listen this every day, such an awesome song! Reason? GTA San Andreas.
Maybe 70-75%. Im glad I dont. But have a few players in my squad.
I dont understand how peoples are able to pull this off. I would lose the ball before I make it to half way.
I hate the fact that within a week I have to have a BPL squad. Fucking hate that idea...
I use them both atm. Lacazette (SBC) is better.
I used Lloris, Koscielny and Scream Bellerin. They were awesome, even after I downgraded Scream Bellerin to his normal one.
What I do every WL: Tune down the commentary to half. Listen my WL playlist on spotify and just keep myself calm. It just makes the game better and more playable for me.
Never had lag before (always 3 out of 3 bars). Now I always have 2/3 bars and still dont face any lag.
Just some EDM/Rap/Rock mixed up. Songs I enjoy and which motivates me to play harder.
I hope I could sell my 91 rated Higuain. He is not an SBC, but I'd love to list him up. From SBC I would sell Barry and Defoe.
Same! Got KDB in that pack.
I just posted how to do it! :)
