Haha, I think i know too well how isolated it is, considering I live here lol
No matter what your opinion (which I think is stupid) on the watch is, you're already wrong. It sold a million units in the first day, and continues to sell 30 000 a day. That's far from a flop.   &gt;It's just a redundant gadget that's fun to play with for a while until the novelty wears off and you fall back to the necessities like your iPhone.  As someone who actually *owns* one and isn't making baseless comments, you're definitely wrong. I've found tons of uses for it, and I'm excited to see the future of the device.
As a Canadian: shit.
I have a French exam tomorrow, so I'm studying the best way I know how: With reddit, haha  I'm from Edmonton, and I think I like it too much to move somewhere else haha. Always wanted to visit Montreal though!
As someone who lives in North America but not the United States, I've never heard anyone call our continent "America." It's sounds unbelievably stupid.   Americans aren't called "United States of Americans," they're just called "Americans," and everyone I know who says "America" is talking about the U.S.   If you're referencing the continent, you sound like a pretentious douchebag.  -sincerely, an angry Canadian.
I was just lurking the sub. Never even been to Montreal, so I have no idea how you guys speak haha
Same here. Got first gen, sucked ass, never buying another one. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
That's the kinda place I'd wanna move to when I get old and retire.
Yeah, what's with the above average amount of Canadians in Cabo? I definitely noticed it when I was there
Dude I know you're insecure about your body, but do you really have to bully complete strangers to feel better about yourself? And I hope you realize that even people who aren't fat can see how rancid and toxic you and your community are, because I'm pretty average when it comes to weight.   Get the fuck out of this website you fucking douchebag, and have a nice fucking day. I know I will, because I'm not constantly judging strangers to feel better about myself.
Yeah, considering West Ed is the biggest mall in North America, and I see these concerts all the time, this is totally believable.
Haha same thing happened to me!
Ayy, my city. How'd you like Edmonton?
&gt;  Justin Bieber   As a Canadian, he was fine before. It was when we gave him to America that he turned into a shithead haha
&gt; Stop waving your dick and expecting people to suck on it.  I'm not, I'm just refuting your incredibly misinformed and bullshit claims.   And when have we gotten unconditional praise? I sincerely hope you know that the 'nice' thing we're known for is almost a joke. Sure, we're polite, but people aren't serious when they talk about that stuff.   Dude, I think you're just jealous because all your country gets attention for is treating Palestine and Arabs like fucking shit, while we actually uphold human rights.   You should come visit sometimes, you're eyes will be opened.
Dude, are you really comparing what the *british* did hundreds of years ago to human rights violations that still continue to happen?  Anyway, I've got you tagged because we've been in an argument about this (meaning India vs Canada) before, and I'm not getting into it again.
I love how they talk about the corn as being an "All-American" scene in the movie when it was filmed in Canada
Damn dude that sucks, as a Canadian I thought racism here was very uncommon for the most part.
Weird, I've only encountered 'real' racism like once before, in rural Alberta
Nope, I've only had great experiences dealing with Apple.   For example, I dropped my old iPad once and cracked the screen, and this was a couple years after I got it so warranty was out. Took it to the Apple Store, and they replaced it for free.
Fuck, I owned the first gen pro. What a hunk of shit that was.
As someone who regularly bikes in the river valley, I don't think I wanna know...
Canadian here as well. I agree, but what really gets me is miles and Fahrenheit. I can't guesstimate that for shit
That's so true. Us Canadians love saying 'buddy' as a derogatory term
Why is it that anytime someone mentions they're Canadian on reddit we always get this reply now. He wasn't even bragging.
&gt;ridiculing, laughing and shouting   When did he do any of that? I'm usually on the side of LEO's and such but that first and last border guard were very confrontational and didn't explain things very well. Of course the Canadian guy also didn't help.
Also the day I leave spotify forever
Ain't up on Windows yet
Nope, AC/DC is on Apple Music too, which I've switched too
Hey we're building the tallest building in Canada outside Toronto right now.
Halifax!
&gt;No tech enthusiasts understand why there is no sd card slot  many do. Example: me.
I've been noticing Edmonton getting a lot of hate from other Canadians lately, I don't understand why.   I like it here.
When did I say that? I voted for Trudeau, and I'm a straight white man.   I'm just trying to dispel the idiotic belief that straight white men are facing continuous persecution in Canada, which is obviously not true.
&gt; Oh, thanks for telling me what I mean. Obviously I was confused, because I was thinking my own words were what I meant. I'm just a silly straight white male, though! I don't even know what I mean! Tee-hee!  I was under the impression that you couldn't connect the dots (between my reply and your comment), so I thought I'd help you out a little.   I'm perfectly capable of standing up for myself, and when the day comes that I become attacked or persecuted for my skin, gender, sex orientation, etc. I will fight for my rights, and I'll let you know as well.   The problem here is that you seem to think that the most persecuted group in the world is us, and I find it pathetic that you seem to think that.   Stop feeling sorry for yourself, and grow a pair.
I'm in Edmonton and the two Apple stores here have always been good.   Maybe it's an Ottawa thing?
I agree, however I've definitely also noticed a somewhat anti-Canada sentiment in /r/polandball recently, sort of an anti-jerk.
Eh, iPad sales are down because they last so long. I used my iPad 2 for 4 years before getting an Air 2.
&gt; I just banned another idiot white supremacist complaining about "3rd world" cabbies.  More than likely a troll. Even so, I've seen nothing racist on this sub, and I've been here a while (obviously not as long or to the extent as you though).   I didn't deny anything. I just said that nothing in the uber thread was racist (unless you deleted it) and that there's a difference between people being blatantly racist and spouting "third world cabbies" like you said and just commenting on how fucking stupid someone who was quoted in the article is. I'm not racist, but if you say the reason why uber is thriving while the taxi industry is fucked is because of 'racism,' then you're an idiot.
Maybe because when Apple does it, they do it right and they don't half ass shit like ~~Microsoft~~ Window's laptops do.   This is coming from someone typing on a Windows 10 laptop.
Yeah I know people like their surfaces, and that's cool. Buy what makes you happy, I won't judge you for that. Computers are very subjective, as both platforms have strengths/weaknesses.   I just get annoyed when people assume that Apple just copies features from Windows/Microsoft, etc. and then say that Apple gets praise for it, when one the biggest circlejerks on reddit is to hate on Apple.   Anyway, if you like your surface, good for you, I wasn't trying to take away from that.
God damn it, I can't pretend I'm not jealous
"OSX Death Valley" sounds awesome  I also like OSX Sequoia, OSX Napa, and OSX Redwood
I agree. Like another user said, they should be hard to get and the buyer should have to be an experienced dog owner who knows how to train them.   This makes me mad, particularly because I also have a puppy.
Yes, people here are defensive because we're tired of being shit on 24/7 by other Canadians. Sure, Edmonton can improve, there's no question about it. But other people act like Edmonton is somehow "less of a city" because of completely subjective things. I've never seen people say "go home" because of someone being a little critical or suggestive, maybe you were more rude than you thought?   And what's wrong with being proud of what we have? The amount of green space we have is better than most cities, but don't tell Vancouver that, or they will brag about the ocean and the mountains and say since Edmonton doesn't have those, it's shitty.   I don't know what you mean by "small American" because we certainly aren't small (5th largest in the country, actually) and we're much less conservative than Calgary or even America.
2013 or 2014 I believe.
Hey you mentioned Econ so I figure I'd ask you a question because I'm an Econ major starting next year.  What should I look for in a laptop: RAM, CPU, GPU?
I'm actually in Canada haha  But no, I just have to take general courses, AFAIK
Awesome, it sounds like I should be fine with a base model MBP. If I ever do need something more CPU intensive down the road I'll just sell it and get something better.   I'll keep everything you said in mind, thanks for the response!  Love your username btw
Hey, that's me!
