Are you a Vintage player in the DC Area?  NoVA resident here.  I'm retired (yeah, yeah) but keep a powered cube and may be down to sling some Vintage occaisionally.
Don't know Ryan Seeley.  Moved here a year ago and as I said, I'm mostly retired (from magic, not employment).  I actually work in Vienna so maybe that would work.  I'd feel weird about inviting myself to someone's house though if I didn't know the guy.
What kind of fire/water proof box do you use?  I'm interested in protecting my collection as well.
One of my mules is entirely dedicated to Furnaces.  I have 19.
You only have to look at my post history to see that I'm quite excited about the patch.
Guys I just realized I forgot about Dre.
It's a reference to Its always Sunny.  I also slightly misremembered the quote.  It's "That doesn't sound right, but..."
When I served on a jury I brought my own copy of Principia to swear in on.
I was hoping to shake it off
Nope I no longer want to be an astronaut
Oh no, only $800 million dollars, how will I survive?
I immediately regret my decision
Which deck?  Why not all of them?  I've been a Vintage player for about 12 years, so I've had plenty of time to foil out everything.
I'm not even supposed to be here today!
I am not in finance, but iirc institutional investors control about as much stock as mom and pop. Though institutions can make coordinated big moves all at once, which may be what you're saying.
Agreed, as a 6 year Boston resident, I am amused when DC people complain about a 10 minute wait for a train.
I don't know how to make benches, I only work on decks
I run all the swords in my cube, but they're all errated to not give protection. They're all still very good in a powered cube.
As a vintage shops player, I miss unrestricted chalice.... :'(
Damnit I never even got the chance to churn these cards, they're going to be gone by the time I can reapply for them. Sad.
Sorry to hear that. I was in that boat not quite a year ago and it sucked. Until I got a new job, which made everything much, much better.  So life will probably greatly improve on the other side, head up!
I honestly can't tell you since it's been a while, but I do distinctly recall trying to take the mahamoti djinns out of the post-laundry machine brick of sadness.  This was back in unlimited. Yes it included many duals. No they weren't as cool as the mahamotis.  Yes we played unsleeved on concrete.
As a vintage player, what is turn 4?
I am looking for esoteric porn, anyone have any client computers I can use?
I have a lovely pitbull so I'm quite aware :)
Delaware is not New England. - former Boston resident now living in DC
Hi, my name is Auriok salvagers.
I'm...[actually not...](http://crooksandliars.com/2016/09/wow-mind-blown-daily-shows-jordan-klepper)
&gt; small things are big  Like his hands?  My favorite chant from yesterday is "can't build a wall, hands too small"  Also, potentially his bigly things are small, like his ethics violations and conflicts of interests
DC. Marched right by the WH.
I always call lobsters and crabs bugs, don't you?
I am reading Gene Kranz's book "Failure is not an Option" and read this chapter last night.  Eerie.  Also, Chaffee's name is misspelled.  Godspeed, Apollo.
I started reading this and then skipped to the end to check for Loch Ness Monsta.
Where are you from? Where I'm from there's entire zip codes where nobody has heard of Japanese internment.
I was on a team that had to do clean up/damage control after a competitor FUBAR'd the shit out of the client's FP&amp;A department. That suuuuucked.  1 effort point to the redditor who guesses the competitor.
The Virginia side of D.C. was given back to Virginia and is now called Arlington and Alexandria. Source: live in Arlington.
&gt; bear your spawn  I just threw up in my mouth a little
It depends on the format. I'm a Vintage player, and we have a joke in the community: the early game is the coin flip, the mid game is mulligans, and late game is turn 1. It's a bit of an exaggeration but there is some truth behind the joke.
I am the ~~Senate~~ House.
This shit is rare. So I can't wait to get hour'd followed by untap-glorybringer.
She had a boyfriend who looked like a girlfriend
I put on my robe and wizard hat.
If you have wheels, I play at Victory Comics in Falls Church. Great atmosphere, awesome people, fun shop.  Worth the trip just to look through their comics selection.
I just found out that the actor for Tom Zarek died last year, I don’t know where I’ve been but I’m pretty upset about this. RIP Richard Hatch.
Well that’s upsetting and also I have an unacceptable boner. Pls send help
If the average score is failing, the professor was trying to find their next graduate student. I took an o-chem class like this from a Nobel Prize winner. Top 2 scorers got offers to join the lab.
I’m Eric!
It was his family farm, his father was buried on the property. It broke his heart to put it in a blind trust, and the trustees returned it in near financial ruin.
Dude I was going to get lunch but lost my appetite.
“To our girlfriends and our wives, may they never meet” - wedding toast
