Same tent, same canopy. You. I like you.
I never doubted you, L!
Good deal. Thanks again. See you in a few weeks.
These are great. I bought one! Thanks!
Garage sales. We picked up four queen-sized sheets for $3.
Look into the Xiaomi Yi camera. I just purchased mine. It's a lot cheaper and reviews are pretty good.
Same here! I just picked up the Xiaomi Yi camera. It'll be here tomorrow. I'm just about set.
Yeah, if I had an extra ticket, I'd try to make an extra buck off of a random. I won't lie. But a friend of mine? Face value, or less than face value, just pay for gas or Spicy Pie for the weekend.   Shady people gonna shade.
I picked up the white ones. These blue ones are nice, though. May have to pick them up as well.
It's Michigan, I doubt you'll have trouble finding good bud. Last I heard it was 30 for an eighth? Your mileage may vary, of course. I'm riding clean and planning to pick up there.
It's my first time, but I doubt we'll have trouble.
Shit, I pay $60 for an eighth in Chicago. $35 is nice.
Thanks. Purchased a five pack. When do you think it'll arrive? Before the forest?
I look forward to meeting you! :)
Diplo called my wife a hood rat on Twitter once. He's awesome.
I haven't received anything, either. All in good time, my friend.
[Here](https://www.amazon.com/dp/B00CWZE642/ref=cm_sw_r_awd_1DhCvb0MMPH3R) is the mattress I picked up for the Forest. Reviews are great and they're not made of PVC so they don't lose air. I filled it up and left it up overnight. I didn't notice any air loss.
Oh I will. I'll have my Blackhawks hat on!
I'm just outside of Chicago, but haven't gotten mine. My buddy did and he lives ten minutes away from me. I'm not worried though.
No worries! I'm just a bit behind. :)
Hi, DJ Hanzel. I haven't even started yet. How much of a pain is it on a scale of 1 to 10? My wife offered to do it but I don't know if her sewing skills are up to snuff.
I've been a subscriber for a little more than a year. I'm also a first time attendee. Are these chills I'm experiencing normal?
Can I bring non-flammable fireworks? Also, I never paid for my tickets, and they haven't arrived. Do you think I should send Front Gate smoke signals?
I just got home. We had to leave early because of our kids, but wife and I had an absolute blast. We'll be there again next year, for sure. I'm sorry to hear about the issues other people experienced, but we had a great time.
I have to respectfully disagree with you. This was not a "bro fest." I had an amazing time and met some incredible people. No "bros." It sucks that you had a shitty time, but you're just the vocal minority.
I had a very positive experience. A couple of our neighbors were not-so-cool, but they didn't rob from us, so we're lucky for that, I suppose. We got there late Thursday but only waited in line or about 15 minutes before we were at camp. We didn't even get searched. Set up and we were inside the venue by 10pm. I didn't go there with a specific plan. I just let the Forest dictate the plan, and I had an amazing time. I had a couple of artists I really wanted to see and I accomplished my mission.   Not everyone had a shitty time.
Gotcha. We're considering rv camping or GL for next yr.
I bought a couple of USB cables off monoprice and they were shit quality. They wouldn't hook onto my phone. Good thing they were cheap.
Cops were so chill. One of my favorite parts of the fest.
Ended up in camp access somehow. We were 2 minutes away from the entrance. We got in at 7pm Thursday, too. We were pretty cramped but didn't mind one bit. It was a nice trade-off.
Why do you need feedback if you've already decided not to return next year? I had an excellent time and while I wanted my neighbors to shut off the music sometimes, I understood that I was at a music festival and this type of shit happens. I put in my ear plugs and fell asleep. No problems.
And I feel horrible about it. What's your point?   Edit: I get your point. It was a horrible thing that happened. Truly.
I didn't meet anyone from Reddit either. I wanted to, but I didn't have the opportunity to go camp kilowatt. I did see plenty of flags and totems I recognized though. 2016 for sure.
FYI - I was able to bring in 2 frozen bottles of water per entry without any issues. I didn't need to use the water stations nor did I have to buy water. Just food for thought for next year.
i was there dancing my ass off!
I don't play online at all. Fuck me, right?
My thoughts exactly. I haven't needed to play online at all, but I can see why people are upset.
Yup. Our boss does the same. It's appreciated.
I loved the shit out of the first. I picked up part two at midnight on release, played it for about an hour and just... stopped. I never finished it. It was too much of the same.
I'm left pocket handed right.
All right, man. I tried. Take care.
10 minutes east of the Brown's Chicken Massacre.
I bought dry ice at my local grocery store. I love roughly five hours away. Dry ice was still intact four days later. Look for it at a grocery store near you. I feel like lots of people will try to purchase closer to the fest, and you might miss out.
I used code 23. I'm looking forward to using this with my son. Thanks!
I saw them at Pitchfork five years ago, and to this day, it's my favorite festival show ever. All My Friends live is amazing.
I got my early birds in Febvember.
Did you ever have any doubts about him? It's hard to feel for the family, especially now that his wife was charged.
Arlington Heights checking in!
I ran into my doppelganger once. I had to do a double triple take. People often tell you they ran into someone who looks just like you, but when they show you a picture it looks nothing like you. This time, I was a bit unsettled since he literally looked just like me.
Ok. Glad to hear you care about me. :)
