Be warned that, with belts, you get what you pay for. A $20 belt will fall apart sooner or later. A real quality (leather, thick, non-tapered) belt is more like $80-120, but is durable enough that you can leave it to your grandson in the will.  I can't personally attest to the quality of Rogue belts, but they look like they should be good. I have an Inzer, and it's great. I've also heard good things about BestBelts and EliteFTS.  If you want a belt *now* and only have $20, I see lots of people with Valeos, so they must be decent.
A whey protein shake, with carrot sticks on the side.  Liquid calories are, IMX, pretty low in satiety. (There's a reason we always recommend them to the skinny guys who can't eat enough.) But if she's set on that, you could try adding psyllium husk.
I do specific forearm training to strengthen my grip. But I'm drawing a distinction here between "exercises that involve the forearms" and "exercises that are specifically intended to hit the forearms and nothing else". Every program should include the former; not everyone needs the latter. Likewise on isolation work for rear delts, obliques, calves, biceps, quads, or any other single muscle group.
Depending on your lifts so far, you might just not need very much core activation yet. But when you have twice your bodyweight on your back, your core is active.  Also, belt use makes a big difference. My abs got sore just from squatting and deadlifting when I started using a belt (and no, it wasn't just bruising from belt itself).
If I suddenly sprout a lei, it's definitely time to stop bulking.
I did Stronglifts for about 6 months before going on to intermediate programming. The last couple months of that involved a great deal of deloading and very little progress, which was what prompted me to switch.  My OHP was the first to stall, since I missed a rep on the very first day at 45 pounds (mostly due to taking very short rest periods; forcing myself to wait at least 90 seconds between sets was very helpful at the time). It was also the first exercise to require a deload, at I think 70 pounds, and had a very undulating progression afterward, gaining 5-10 more pounds before deloading and working back up to a new max.  My squat required a deload at 145 due to form issues, and again somewhere around 185, and then I deloaded several times at 215. I didn't get past 215 until moving to a different program.  I don't recall details on the other lifts, but they mostly followed a similar pattern to the squat: a couple of deloads with significant progress in between, and then an eventual plateau.  I'm 5'9" and started Stronglifts at 188 pounds, cut down to 170, and then bulked a little from there.
I'm a 24 member. When I got a new card, I forgot to update the auto-payments with the new number, and found out only when I went to the gym and couldn't check in due to a lapsed membership. So an invalid card is definitely sufficient to end your membership payments.  I don't know exactly how it relates to the contract, but I find it hard to imagine they could do anything if your card expires and you stop going. The only possible recourse would be to send a collection agency after you, and I don't know how they would justify doing that, since you don't actually owe them any money.
You're probably much stronger and/or much lighter than your friends, then. Cheating on depth or clearance can artificially inflate your rep count, but not by that much.
Diet soda is fine. Aspartame is one of the most-studied substances on the planet; if it were poisonous, we'd have noticed by now.  But getting most of your fluid intake from diet soda is pathological. Aspartame isn't poison, but it does have some effect on insulin;  soda is also not great for teeth.  I used to tell myself I had a sweet tooth, too. It was an excuse. Drink more water, you'll save money.
Figure out the thing that keeps you from working out, and fix that thing. Ran out of clean workout clothes? Buy more, and do laundry more consistently. Didn't eat well? Keep something in the pantry that makes a good pre-workout snack. Gym too far away? Sign up at a closer one. Etc.  "I don't have enough willpower" is not a reason; you shouldn't *need* willpower to get through your everyday routine.
In my experience, January is still pretty manageable and most of the whining is hyperbole, especially at off-peak hours.
This time of year, I start to feel tempted to buy gloves just to keep the barbell from sucking all the warmth out of my hands.
That might be a little high, but not dramatically. I'd be surprised by anything under 3000. I'm 28, 5'9", 175lbs, similar workouts, and maintain on about 2600.
AMRAP was my ally, but it has forsaken me!  Bench went from 175x8 to 185x4, deadlift from 330x8 to 347x4. Projected maxes now make me sad.
I've also experienced metabolic slowing over time in calorie restriction, without rapidly reducing calories or being ultra-lean. But this has been relatively minor (a couple hundred calories over a few months), not a rapid 1000+ drop in my TDEE. I've also noticed the same effect in the other direction; my metabolism noticeably ratchets up after a couple months of bulking.  In obese individuals, metabolic slowdown is expected, but not to the point it radically impairs fat loss; surviving famine is what fat storage is for!  EDIT: In OP's case I'm pretty sure the issue is mostly double-counting calorie burn from exercise. Note that his estimated TDEE was 3600 (which, given his stats, suggests a "moderately active" multiplier or thereabouts), yet he was also logging calorie burn from his FitBit.
&gt;I've seen friends my height weigh around 180 and be skinny while also fairly muscular.  Yes, the "while also fairly muscular" part is the reason, here. BMI assumes an average (meaning, completely untrained) amount of muscle mass.  If you don't lift, ~150 is indeed an appropriate weight for a 5'8" guy. 180-200 is possible without being overfat, but only if those extra 30-50 pounds are muscle mass. Source: was 188 at 5'9", was fat.
&gt;Just to use this model as an example, I do not know how I would possibly get my fat down to 20%  By eating less fat, or eating more total calories. The wiki for example recommends .4-.5g/lb; the lower end of that range would give you 64g/day.  Also, 90g/day is over 40% of your current calorie intake, but would be under 30% if you were eating 3000/day.  There's nothing magical about a 40/40/20 ratio. 30/40/30 or whatever will serve you perfectly well.
It's pretty awesome.  &gt;This might sound dumb but do get more aggressive the more you work out due to testosterone?  Not really. I've gotten a bump in general confidence and assertiveness, but I'm not sure how much of that I should attribute to generic personal growth, rather than lifting specifically.
Rant:  I'm seriously thinking about just dropping bench from my second upper day, and doing extra dips or something instead. It's been a shitty workout for the last six weeks in a row, for no reason I can discern. My main bench day is fine, it's just the second day where everything hurts and everything is harder than it should be.  Maybe I was built backwards, because I can deadlift with volume and frequency no problem, but more than one bench session per week breaks me? I don't even understand.
&gt;I want to be able to run 10 miles easy and have a 6 pack again.  Cool. There's your motivation.  If you want to do something, you are *already* motivated. (This is not a trivial step. Lots of people feel like they're *supposed* to want to exercise, so they tell themselves/other people that they want to exercise, but deep down they don't really want to, and will avoid it if possible.)  But you're not going to *feel* super duper psyched up and motivated all the time. Nor are you going to feel determined and dedicated. If you need to exercise willpower just to stick to your normal routine, you will fail the first time anything goes wrong or gets in your way. Willpower is what you use to keep going under *exceptional* circumstances; it's not reliable enough to use day-to-day.  Instead, what you need is to find a way to do these things you want to do, that *doesn't* usually require willpower or an exceptional level of motivation. For example, say you want to go running in the morning before class, but you always oversleep. Then your problem isn't that you're "too unmotivated" to get up and run, it's that your sleep patterns are messed up. Maybe you just need to go to bed earlier.  Find the obstacles that are getting in the way of what you want, and ruthlessly eliminate them. Once the obstacles are gone, the thing you want should be able to happen *without* digging for motivation first.
OP also needs to see a doctor, because the response to any question of "why don't you try harder?" is that he suddenly gets severe pain.
Yep. I deal with it by eating. Better to have a small snack pre-workout and a larger meal afterward than vice versa, IMO.
Hard to say without seeing a picture. Some people do genetically lack the whatever-they're-called things that separate the abdominal muscles. But if the outer edges of your abs aren't well-defined, you may still be just carrying too much fat.  If I flex my abs while sitting down, I can clearly feel the separations with my fingers, even though I'm carrying too much fat to see them. That might help rule something out.
Waking up in the middle of a sleep cycle is much harder than waking up at the end of one. If you just set an alarm for a time you're not used to waking up at, you're very likely to feel groggy, regardless of how many hours it was.  Get up at 8am consistently for a couple weeks, and your sleep patterns should adjust until you wake up alert at that time.  For me, it's MUCH easier to oversleep all the time if I don't keep a consistent schedule.
&gt;As a former fat person, how do you feel confident eating above a deficit?  Oh, I don't. Shit, are you kidding? It's terrifying.  Bulking is a test of self-confidence, in much the same way that cutting is a test of willpower.  But I will say that it gets much easier after your first successful bulk. It's one thing to know that *in theory* you can cut away the fat later; it's another to have *been through it* and seen the whole process pay off.
Work abs and arms a lot, chest some, lats not very much. Carry a decent amount of mass while reasonably lean.  There's nothing fancy going on here.
I wear 9.5 chucks, 10.5 Romaleos. I could maybe fit into a 10 Romaleo, but with the straps they're plenty snug anyway.  I also wear a 10.5 in regular Nike sneakers, so the sizing there seems pretty close to the Romaleos.
I have toe room.
A moderate amount, but less than my Chucks. For what it matters, I have wide feet, so that's always the limiting factor for my shoe size.
The very easy method is to stop taking them for, say, a month - and see if his memory, willpower, pain tolerance, recovery time, etc actually do change. This is a good idea for supplements in general, since even the uncontroversially beneficial ones can vary widely in individual response.  Unfortunately, it's easier to do this *for yourself* than to get somebody else to do it. It's hard enough to be honest with yourself, but being honest with someone else when it means losing face is even harder.
Sure, that's fine.  &gt;I don't know what is wrong with my body, but my training weight for squat is 255 for 5x5 and my bench press is still at 145 lb lol.  That's normal. It would be weird if you DIDN'T squat significantly more than you bench.
You may not notice anything on *any* day. When I stop taking creatine, I don't *feel* any different, I just lose a couple reps off of AMRAP sets.
Heavy front squats do tend to beat up the shoulders, but much like back squats, you just adapt to it and it stops bruising or hurting. In the meantime, wearing two shirts helps.
Depends. They're just projections. The formulae were constructed from actual data, so they're reasonably accurate in general, but you shouldn't bet strongly on being exactly accurate for you personally on this specific occasion.  I squatted 336 after hitting nothing above 285x5 in training, which was slightly above the projected max of 332. On deadlifts I always seem to underperform my projected max, probably because I'm weak off the floor and anything much above a 3RM just doesn't move at all. I'm working on that problem, and we'll see if it closes the gap between projection and actual.  Projected maxes from low-rep sets are more likely to be accurate than high-rep sets.
But you also said &gt;I don't really enjoy waiting more than a minute between sets.  which suggests that you were working way too light before, as well. After a hard set of squats, I'm lucky if my head stops spinning in under a minute. If you find yourself ready and just waiting for the clock, go ahead and do your next set, but what should usually be happening on work sets is that you go "oh shit, I have to do another one of these in only 2 minutes, better catch my breath...".
I've used both, and a variety of grip widths. Anything that is comfortable and keeps the bar secure is fine. A wider grip and thumbs-over is easier on my elbows though.
How much progress is "very minimal progress"?  I added one inch to my arm measurement in 2015. I consider that pretty good. If your calf measurement has gone up, say, a half inch in six months despite training them only once per week, there is no problem to solve. Keep that up for three years and it's 3" on your calves, a dramatic increase.
Relative strength will probably be a better indicator than absolute strength, since high relative strength requires both high absolute strength (= good muscle mass) and minimal excess fat.  If you're more motivated by achieving things than by aesthetics, maybe you should just care about that? I find it very liberating to like my body for *what it can do* rather than just what it looks like.
My experience with tendinitis (of the elbow, not sure how much this applies to wrist) is that what you *do* matters at least as much as what you *don't* do. Avoiding pain is important so that you don't make it worse, but if you want it to actually *get better* instead of just temporarily stop hurting, you need to actively rehab it, not just rest.
Wrist curls and reverse wrist curls, or wrist roller, are good ways to build wrist strength.  However, if your wrists hurt benching 75lb, it is pretty likely that you are gripping the bar wrong and/or something is actually wrong with your wrists.  Feel free to use wrist wraps if they help, but check out grip issues first.
I'm not convinced that's true. But anyway, I don't necessarily wish I'd *started out* with it, just that I'd waited less than 2.5 years.
3000 calories per day, for a muscular male who is on his feet most of the day, is not a particularly large amount. At 5'9" and 180lb, I maintain on roughly that much, and I'm neither especially jacked nor especially active.  Some actors are also on steroids like other comments mention, but this is not necessary to explain the result.
I've gotten good results from HIIT alone, in terms of conditioning. Steady-state has its place too, but it's boring :p  For a lifter, it's worth distinguishing between [cardio and conditioning](http://mythicalstrength.blogspot.com/2013/04/cardio-versus-conditioning.html). Anything that gets your heart rate up will improve your cardio, but that's not the only thing that improves endurance and recovery. For example, prowler sprints will have a lot better carryover to your workouts than swimming or the elliptical.
Any manufacturer ought to be suitable, and $100 is definitely enough to buy a singlet new. The tricky part will be sizing, and unfortunately I can't help you there because I am not close to your size. But for example [Iron Rebel's singlet](http://www.ironrebel.com/collections/power-gear/products/iron-rebel-signature-singlet) goes up to a 6XL and [SBD](http://www.andersonpowerlifting.com/product-p/sbd-comp-singlet.htm) goes up to 5XL, so something big enough for you definitely exists.
&gt;Everybody knows, or at least they should, that muscles are built based on the body's ability to repair the micro tears created during strenuous exercise.  This is the ELI5 description, not the actually accurate one.  To my knowledge, there is no evidence that stretching post-workout promotes greater hypertrophy. Personally, I do find it beneficial (in small amounts) for mitigating soreness and retaining mobility, but this is very much a YMMV thing.
&gt;When on a large calorie deficit, say 1000-1500~ calories a day, what happens if you're exercising 4-6x a week but your diet lacks enough protein (roughly 1g protein for 1lb body weight)? Does the body prioritize cutting fat because of the demanding amount of exercise, or is there simply not enough protein to keep muscle from falling off ?  The latter. If your deficit is so large that you can't get adequate protein intake, reexamine your life choices.  &gt;I consistantly have loved ones telling me I look "too skinny".  Family members give notoriously awful fitness advice. You could post pictures, but it is an extremely real possibility that your family is just plain wrong. Remember, also, that an actual majority of Americans are overweight. It's normalized to the point that just *not being fat* can be perceived as "too skinny".
Yeah, based on your stats, you definitely need to eat more than 2200 for weight gain. I'm eating more than that while losing weight, and I'm 9" shorter and 10kg lighter than you.
Wraps are good. Straps are a different thing and won't help with wrist support for pressing. I'm a fan of my [Max RPM](http://www.liftinglarge.com/MaxRPM-Powerlifting-Wrist-Wraps) wraps, but there's a bunch of good brands out there.  Your wrist problems might also be a result of just plain gripping the bar weird.
A definition is exactly the kind of thing you want to have committed to memory. Not necessarily verbatim, but if that helps you retain things, sure. I find that *using* the definition enough times tends to cement the details.  It's not that memorization is bad, it's that *just* memorization is *not enough*. I can sing Tom Lehrer's "Elements", because I have memorized it, but I couldn't tell you whether boron comes before or after magnesium in the song except by iterating through. And I certainly couldn't tell you much of anything about their chemical properties. If I were a chemist, this would be pretty damn useless to me. But I didn't get *actively worse* at chemistry by learning the song.
&gt;All I'm gonna say is think about this. How can it just stay in your stomach longer? Until it's its turn? That doesn't make any sense.  That's literally what stomachs are for: so that food can wait its turn to get digested. If food is passing through your digestive system unprocessed, it is visibly and olfactorily obvious in your stool. Yet despite drinking 2 scoops of whey in milk every morning (~70g protein), I have yet to smell Optimum Nutrition Chocolate when I take a dump.
