Yeah sorry I saw the rivals rating before the composite. After last year, ANY offensive lineman will perk my ears up.
The Penn State / Pitt ones enrage me enough that I almost drive off the road.
I used to think this might be true, but I used to audit car dealerships and worked in 6 or so large D1 program's cities. Lots of coaches drive demo cars for dealerships, but I never saw any indication of players getting benefits.
Thanks for the info! I work in Nova now and there's lots of VT grads here (as well as PSU grads) so the upcoming series should be great.
I'm... Ok with this. We can be with our true rivals.
I actually really like Ian Cole. I hope they can make a deal with him work.
I can care a ton. Responsible parties are in jail or awaiting trial. I'm just someone who knows how to assign blame where due and not blanket the whole University like you.
It should be a good game. We're losing him and most of the D line but our back 7 should be improved. Pitt should retain a lot of talent and if Conner can get back healthy that would be a huge boost.
I'm a Pens fan (coming in peace!) but please listen to Mike Lange if you get a chance. Man is a freaking treasure.
I'm hoping this isn't symptomatic of a bigger problem but I guess if you have a team with many walk ons or some that have earned scholarship, they might fall down the depth chart if better players are coming in. I'm just trying not to jump to conclusions.
I had to go back to the box score. I remembered the game very incorrectly. Thanks for pointing that out.
Yeah... Club sports red tape is fun.  "No bows or arrows on clothing. Swords are totally OK for fencing club."
The man who called all of his timeouts at the end of a blowout loss to delay the B1G trophy presentation and make my feet colder. (This is in jest, I don't mind MSU)
Well, after Harbaugh has a sleepover at his house, probably not.
I know the feeling. The Crowbar, one of my favorite music venues, closed right before my freshman year. Bummer.
LaVar Arrington is the reason I like college football.  Edit: See that 11 in my username? It's his 11. Brought it the whole way over from my AIM screen name.
I'd tell you to just get a regular hunting bow to start. It's a great sport, you get additional days in the woods if you state is like mine and hunting is something you're interested in, and, for me the best part is... you go pull your bullets out of the target and use them again. I shoot a few times a week for a couple hours. I could never afford to run even my shotgun like that.
For sure. Target Archery is very cathartic for me... Unless I'm sucking that day.
We are not the University of Pennsylvania, an Ivy League school in Philadelphia founded by Ben Franklin. It happens more to them than us, I think. Recently a WWE female wrestler worked out at a gym at UPenn and tweeted that she was at Penn State.     Penn State is a pretty darn good school, but I think it has to be frustrating if you went to UPenn, busted your ass to get an Ivy League degree, and get lumped in with the State school because of similar name.
But... it worked for game 2.    I do enjoy that Dave Mustaine is a legitimate crazy person now.    My other thought was some Iron Maiden, I wanted to give the 3rd star for game 2 to the sound guy at Consol, he played my favorite Maiden song, The Trooper, at a big moment.
Hey that's my comment! Thanks, guy!
Yeah, Bellefonte is cool to me because it's so similar to my home town; it's a small old-ish county seat near the bigger town. Happy Valley is a neat place, especially if you're an outdoorsy person.
I don't deserve this gift you're giving, but let me be the first to say that I think this is an unbelievable showing of genuine human heart. I'm pretty moved by your offering. Please update us with pictures once you've gone.
I am familiar with Pittsburgh. I spent multiple years working around the campus, even some work on the campus with respect to the vehicles Joe Jordano, Joe Rudolph, Jamie Dixon, etc. drive. All I was saying is that you take a vehicle to the Southside facility. Y'all are getting very defensive arguing the smallest of margins.
I was in school when they were transitioning to online tickets. The first year they didn't have it split among classes. I remember hearing that the 21,000 we're accounted for in 59 seconds... and then Ticketmaster crashed. I was lucky enough to get mine. After that, they started splitting it by class status and the Ticketmaster fees jumped to $50.
My freshman year was a huge outrage. Tickets were always via mail and students could just casually mail them in. Well, following the Orange Bowl win, interest was at a high and a TON of Seniors didn't get them. I know some people that made a pretty penny selling theirs to seniors.
I remember being super mad about that Wisconsin game.
Not that guy at all. I didn't know any of that and am genuinely happy you posted it. TIL. Thanks!
I enjoy walking past Ford Theater after the games to Metro Center. Just feels important.
I pre-ordered it on Amazon and it says "Arriving July 26, 2016."
Moving soon. Thanks, this may be my lifesaver!
I moved hockey seats 2 years ago because the guy beside us had large ball syndrome and sat with his legs spread as far as possible. Also, per my buddy, "he smelled like he worked in a band-aid factory."
SORRY I WAS SAD. FIXED.
I root for Big Ten rivals in Bowl games, but I'd never root for Pitt.     Their blow up against Houston was pretty excellent while still at work with a Pitt grad.
I've posted this before. The Las Vegas [Aces High.](http://www.aereo.jor.br/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/aces-high.jpg)
I'm also a Pens fan that has a soft spot for the Coyotes. A friend in college brought up following them a little and it just stuck. It doesn't help that I have a jersey problem with buying too many, but it helps that I try to find older ones on eBay. Just be patient and you can find a nice one on there for $40 or $50.
They might not even have an alternate at first. Let everyone buy these ones up and then hit them with a cool alternate. I have a diagonal Pittsburgh Lemieux jersey, so I'm torn; I love it and want them to wear them, but it's a little more rare and then everyone will have one.     Also, I really like the Red/White/Blue for the Caps, but for the love of God, why do they not use the W Eagle more? It's an incredible logo. It has an Eagle for the Mascot, a W for Washington, and the actual Capitol building in the negative space. It's too well thought out to not be on the front of the jerseys, passed over for simple text with an "L" hockey stick.
I'll write a letter.
Penn State went for it quite a bit with Bill O'Brien, mostly because their special teams were bad and they really had nothing to lose in terms of bowl eligibility. I used to joke that O'Brien said "Last game of the year, Dan, can't hold anything back." before every game.  They had pretty awesome success with it, including a 4th and 6 from the 41 that became a 41 yard TD pass to Jesse James that was the big turning point in upsetting Wisconsin during the final game of the season.
In all seriousness, we do have a pretty big combined Penn State / Pitt tailgate in the works for September. Should be a good time.
I didn't know it was to Alabama yet. I've been to the brewery a handful of times and it's pretty great. The first time I was there, this man in a plaid shirt was shoveling shale in the courtyard, and the tour guide says, "Oh, there's Dick Yuengling, the owner."
I've taken on an affinity for Temple. They had a great season last year and aside from one game that will go unmentioned, I really enjoyed watching them play. It hurts to say nice things about a team from Philadelphia.
Penn State grad and hockey ticket holder here. The stadium needs pretty significant improvement before it could host an NHL game. The school has big plans to use the stadium for hockey/soccer/concert events once it has been updated. They're currently in the middle of a complete athletic facilities review with the company Populous that will almost certainly lead to the kind of renovations that would be necessary to host a Winter Classic style game. Believe me, there aren't many that would be more excited about it than me.
That's rough. He probably would have had a ton of success with us that year. We had a stellar offensive line.    I'm down in Fairfax now. Looking forward to my first game at FedEx field coming up this fall.
Penn State @ Pitt September 10th and I can't wait. I want it to be nasty, and I don't think I'll be let down.    Pitt should have a pretty good team this year; it will be a big challenge for Penn State's D line to play well after losing 3 guys to the NFL. Hopefully the new Joe Moorhead-led offense will be explosive enough to get ahead early. Last year, Pitt struggled to contain teams in the first half and had great adjustments after halftime, although often too late.   We went to far as to get Pitt season tickets last year so we'd have great seats. A close family friend and ND fan went to the sold out ND game last year at a significant cost savings. The rest of the tickets were donated or given to Pitt family members. The plan for this year is to do the same. I'm still shocked at how good our seats are. I know a good many Penn State fans have gone with the same plan or gotten mini-plans to get tickets, but I think the majority of those will be in the grandstands.
Not sure if you follow hockey, but my favorite player for years and years was Pascal Dupuis of the Penguins. He wrote 2 stories with The Player's Tribune during and after battling and then retiring due to blood clot issues. I can't get through them without tearing up.
My Pitt tickets for this year were like that. Split up so it makes the lower ticket easier to sell.
I live down here now. All my coworkers will think I've turned heel.
:( There were no responses when I started my comment but you definitely beat me.
We just only drank with our fellow fans so it wasn't too bad.
