&gt;Man I yelled so hard after that last out my neighbours probably thought I was demonic.   I didn't need your yelling to think that!  /dadjoke
lol, you submitted a gamecast!!! I love it!
&gt; Mushrooms do not have this effect at all.  Nonsense.  I did shrooms a lot in my day and have watched inexperienced users get all twisted in their heads and have to be talked down in very dramatic fashion from all sorts of bad trips (usually at concerts and such).  The only difference is that in my day, the cops weren't shooting first and asking questions later.  Also the reason you should always have an experience 'tour guide' when you trip.
I very much doubt that.  &gt;I neglect small needful tasks because I obsess over the big picture. Sometimes I just cannot get anything done. Plus anything mundane and routine makes want to puke. I haven't leaped this hurdle yet, but at least I know it's tripping me up.  &gt;Edit: Oh yeah, I used to a HUGE know-it-all. I couldn't simply listen to a person. I had to chime in with an anecdotal relational story, or some corrective statement(Well actually....) Ugh I can still hear myself. That is one area I feel like I have done some good work. I know longer feel the need to do those things, and I can typically let a person walk away without their opinion and not feel the need to debate them.  Dude.  You are awesome.  Hang in there and keep workin' on yourself.
Take care my friend.
You and me both.  My day to day is so filled to the brim with "be here" and "do this" that I wonder how I function really.  These unions are coming soon though.  If I had the thought then in a world of 8 billion brains, several others have also.
Sufjan is amazing.  Great second date experience.
Oh I agree about the entertainment personalities stuff 100%.  Something about preening and getting catered to all the time turns their brains all wanky.  Worse part of working in the industry often times.  That and the hours.  ugh.
Hahaha! I used to have a metric system lunch box when  I was little during those years when we were actually considering switching over...sometime in the 70s.
Back in the day, accounts could accrue unlimited negative karma and then like a year or so ago, they capped it at negative 100.  Sucks huh?
I'm just happy a thread about Japanese Buddhism came up and I'm not getting accused of being in a cult :D !!!
I went there for grad school.  I actually rooted for them in basketball games against teams like Duke and UNC.  Go ahead, let me have it!
I know right!  And in his 2008 campaign he promised us world peace and unicorns and that I would personally get a pny!  THANKS OBAMA!
Right now? I'm at work!  Ah fuck it, I'm in.
I wish so bad but no, I'm just being a smart alec.  I'm stuck in SoCal just dreaming of spending the next week watching games and partying like a rock star.    Please have a few for me!
Is that a burger?    Yep, now I'm hungry for a double double...
We'll know more in the fall too.  The percentage becomes clearer as the winter gets closer.  This time last year I think it was a high percentage as well and then dropped dramatically through the summer.  Crosses fingers.
/jerk  It's so weird to have gone through this in real life.  Being in my 40s I abandoned my love for music and put my consumption on cruise control for AOR music stations and just rehashing 70/80s rock, ignoring modern music.  Then I got hit on the head so to speak and it reawakened my love for new music in the mid 00s.  I eschewed nostalgia for exploration and over the last decade have found that we are in a rock/indie renaissance that easily rivals the 60/70 music explosion.  Now I have my 40s aged friends come along and 'today's music sux' etc etc and I try and give them stuff that should be knocking their fucking socks off (Mount Eerie, Grizzly Bear, Deerhunter, Interpol, Sufjan, war on drugs, etc etc) and they just shrug and say 'meh' and return to bitching about how there's no music in the era like Zeppelin and Pink Floyd, smh  Getting old and nostalgia is a trap a lot of people fall into.  Rail against it my friends.  Fight, fight again the dying of the light!
I dig through all the music sights like Pitchfork, Sterogum, Tiny Mix tapes etc.  But I really rely on one of my favorite subs:  http://www.reddit.com/r/indieheads   So fucking cool and those folks there are pretty chill.  I also just did a lengthy write up for another user.  Check it out:  http://www.reddit.com/r/lewronggeneration/comments/39kmv3/rip_real_music/cs4ecue  This is just a fraction.
I am totally addicted to the album hooked me and I'm obsessed thing.  And its so wonderful to feel that feeling of discovery and newness.    Have fun!
We both surmised what that meant and you started yelling at me that I was wrong.    We're talking past one another.  Not too much fun.  cheers.
I've been on this site a long time and those same kind of users have been here in much smaller groups, harassing people and generally treating people like shit.  Now they've grown bigger and more emboldened and are once again shitting all over the place.  I've built wonderful communities I love but can't even tell people to use reddit because of this scumbag baloney.  I've introduced girls to this place that left running and screaming at the sick and diseased mindset that permeates this place.  FPH is the first of many that will be booted from this private commerce website,  If reddit wants actually growth in the monetary variety it has to make people feel safe and FPH was the opposite of that.
I've been arguing with people in political subs too much.  I can't figure out if your being mean or love me!  Either way, I'm going to get a beer.  Good luck in your game this weekend.
Would have sooner but I went to the grocery and my car broke down :(
I rarely miss Gator baseball.  They woke up, 5-2!!!
I'm just hoping we didn't blow our CWS run quota.
No.  What they are saying is folks on reddit get caught up in the waves that are isolated to reddit.  In that they think because someone gets hot on this website, it translates to the real world: the independents and mom and pops that don't use the internet beyond email and one or two websites.  The danger for the Sanders throngs is that they see this popularity here and don't get that they have to get out and canvass and volunteer and phone bank.  I watched it happen to the Ron Paul campaigns.  And when he kept losing historically in each and every primary, the young folks so excited were destroyed and it made me sad.  I hated the way they spammed reddit (hint hint) but felt really bad for their crushed enthusiasm.
I had a user arguing with me that the Ron Paul campaigns were actually "successful"!  I shit you not:  http://np.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/39o096/senator_bernie_sanders_charlie_rose_since_weve/cs5ltdc
Woohoo! Home from work in time to see whole thing!  Thanks rain!
And since it's anti-Hillary, this mess of lies is rocketing to the top, voted up by our strange anti-Hillary coalition who doesn't have time to read articles!  PS, happy cake day.
Stickied.  I'm too nervous to comment more.  Have fun tonight.
/u/GreenWaveGator ?  What would this place be without you?  I'm so desperately glad you came on board and have taken this place to the next level.  Does my heart so good.  Thank you so so much!
I moved across the street from where I work in a very walkable neighborhood and have never been so happy in my life.  I use my car like twice a week.  First world problem: I use my car so infrequently that I actually have to drive it around so the battery will recharge.
We're two peas in a pod we are!
But you are my contact person. Why are you turning on me like this?
I'd rather those minutes go to one of those young guys, by far.  I'm also kinda resigned to next year being a rebuilding year and with that would rather the young guys and folks sure they want to be there, to get the minutes.
We were both late 'adds' to the film program and kind of bonded through that.  Did a lot of drinking together and shared a lot of music.  I always pushed him to listen to more Sonic Youth.  Glad he didn't let that affect him.  Don't tell anyone but he did the simple song that starts and ends my last student film.  This was around 1999:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-PvdoFNKH0  (sounds is weak, jack up the volume)
CaptainRocwell has been here for years fighting the conservative fight against us godless liberals. He's been thru dozens of usernames, mostly WWI Flying aces.    Actually a nice dude under all that icky right wing stuff.
&gt;Screw California (no offense gary). The three schools that finished ahead of us were Stanford, UCLA, and USC.  You know, you can screw these universities just fine without screwing California as a whole.    And since you live in the South, I win.  How hot is it today? Me? 75 degrees with little humidity. Breezy and gorgeous.
When you indent a line (4 spaces at beginning)      It escapes     Reddit's formatting     And looks like this  New paragraphs are just 2 returns. No indentation required on internet paragraphs.  -------------------- I love your share and couldn't agree more. I guess you've been over arguing with the SGI is a cult people?  They are a very...sad bunch. I mean, they are more obsessed about the sgi than...the sgi.  We had some major battles over in r/buddhism that got very ugly and they even got banned over there...but mostly theyve left this place alone recently.
Sorry my friend, when gary gives his prognostications, they are final and set in stone ;)
&gt;Can what I have done be understood or forgiven? I have always had difficulty with boundaries, interpersonal relationships and intimacy.  You made amends where you could and are now working on yourself to fix these problems you have and become a better person.  Other people may or may not forgive you and there's nothing you can do about that.  But forgiving yourself is the part that you can control.  Here's how I dealt with my emotional immaturity (adult child) when I finally got help in my 30s:  I treat this broken inner self as a child I have to be the parent of.  Once I made this separation I explored all the areas that were lacking so I was familiar with my problem areas.  And then I went about the task of fixing these issues just like you are doing.  But the key for me was being the parent that my little inner child never had.  That poor little child didn't have supportive parents at all.  Instead, like you, he went through absolute hell as a kid when he should have been coddled and loved and supported and elevated.  And Instead of having good parents, he was the parent and forced into a maturity he had no business being responsible for.  So I listen to my inner self and love him with all my heart.  He went through so much and needs unconditional love 100%.  I make sure to do what's best for him and protect him from toxic people.  I always make sure he isn't freaking out about something and when he is, I listen and hold him and always promise to make it right so he can feel comfortable.  When I do, he has gotten to the point that he trusts me and feels loved and it makes the scary moments more manageable.  And I always forgive him.  He was so broken and had such horrible habits and mental outlook that I have no choice but to forgive my little boy.  He was confused and so mis-educated on life and boundaries, beating him up over and over just seems so silly and counterproductive.  And when I do/did forgive him, he melted in my arms and from then on, fixing things went quicker and easier.  TL;DR: You have to love yourself unconditionally and the easiest way towards that goal is to create a relationship with your inner emotional self and see that self as the little child desperate for a good parental figure.  Do that and things will fall into place.  And PS: tough love is garbage.  Unconditional, empathetic love rocks!
I like ACOA better than al anon.  I also implore you to get into therapy and discovered there is a specific form of therapy that was created by the programs born out of the ACOA traditions and the work done by alcoholic family pioneer John Bradshaw:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integrative_Body_Psychotherapy  http://www.ibponline.org/therapist_search.php  It really deals with all the aspects of who you are as a person and works towards growing you up in the ways not there when you were a child.  Also if I were you, I would sign up for this email list:  https://groups.yahoo.com/neo/groups/aca-acoa/info  Anonymous email group that has been my extended family for a long time.  Just seeing these people and what they are going through flow by in my email changed a lot for me.  &gt;My inner self craves love and security, and I'm bad at loving myself.  Your little child needs you.  Unconditional love.  Negative head talk can be changed.  You can replace it with loving affirmations.  &gt;I honestly feel sick thinking about behaviour that is so wrong.  I'm not excusing bad behavior but, give your little person a break.  Adding the shame and revulsion on top of the bad behavior makes it stick long term.  I recommend a great book:  [Healing the Shame that binds you](http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;sqi=2&amp;ved=0CB4QFjAA&amp;url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.amazon.com%2FHealing-Shame-Binds-Recovery-Classics%2Fdp%2F0757303234&amp;ei=VpWNVcnhGI3KogSXnIGgCg&amp;usg=AFQjCNFwQvKPr6zwCg9pD5ke_7dtchH37Q&amp;sig2=xwGBbPy48fw4MI8C4Oq7pQ&amp;bvm=bv.96783405,d.cGU)  And here's part 1 of the video version of it:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5q2tZa1gp8Q  Bradshaw is so important for what you are going through.  Give it a listen.  &gt;Many would say that they've had bad childhoods and didn't act like me, thus not even attempting to understand.   Ignore them.  Focus on you.  ---------------------  Now do me a favor.  Talk to yourself right now.  Tell that inner child you love them, even if it feel fake and when you do, physically enbrace yourself and even hug yourself while saying it.  Tell that inner kid you will fight for him and you will never stop until they are happy.  Tell them you will take care of them no matter what and love them forever.  And never stop trying to be happy.  You deserve to be happy.
I do care and appreciate you schooling me. Cheers.
S'all good. Be well my friend.
Yeah but they could listen to old farts like me that are constantly trying to shove perspective down their throats.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cyclical_theory  I've pasted this link so many time wikipedia probably owes me some kind of citation :)
Haha, you're my favorite new account!
I was in a thread yesterday or the day before where the Bernie supporters were convinced they could make a ticket of Rand Paul and Bernie work.  Of course Bernie for POTUS and Rand VP.  Their argument was that the two were politically very closely aligned.  Horseshoe theory FTW.
lol! A Sanders supporter submitting a video by uber conservative campus reform which is owned and operated by the massively conservative Leadership institute!  My does politics make for strange bedfellows!
Feel better my friend.  And happy 2016!
