A number of things, some of which I'll miss:  1. Hyper Light Drifter - I really think the art for the game speaks for itself - so atmospheric and mysterious, and that's a feeling I kind of wanted to recreate.  2. Music - Catching Flies, Tycho, Stellardrone, many others all serve as a constant source of inspiration.  3. Hotline Miami - I wouldn't necessarily say this alone is an influence, or its style of gameplay is, but its narrative structure - where you aren't really sure what is real and what isn't - has been a huge influence on the way I write some of my stories.  4. Myself - A ton of my inspiration comes from inside - trains of thought, dreams, past experiences, all of these influence my stories in important, and I dare say, the most important ways.
[Stop and Stare](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ByaPYdvUIXQ) by Fenech Soler.   Really does a good job of representing how chaotic things are in my world, and how things are kind of falling apart, but the narrator doesn't want to believe that it is.
What's it like to be considered a joke by the entire world, including Reddit?
Care to have a seat over there, Sir? My lawyer will be right with you.
Yeah the thing I'm kind of mad about is cause Snakes and Hanging were up so quickly.  But the thing that really annoys me is [this tweet Dan made.](https://twitter.com/bastilledan/status/606877173878779904)  Just, ugh, Dan, release the album if you want us to hear high quality versions!
My only complaint with the first game is that, after playing the second so much, gameplay in the first feels a lot less frantic and doesn't control as well, at least for me.
So is this why they called the cops when I walked into that school in my Vader costume?????
My 'deities', if you could call them that(they aren't worship or well known, but they transcend reality and have godlike powers, albeit not in the traditional sense) are literally Past, Present, and Future.
In my sci-fi universe, at least in the past(massive construction projects aren't really possible now, for a lot of reasons.), construction was done through money and time, usually by way of the immortal Centurion class. They privately funded most projects, which would take centuries and millions of laborers to complete.
I remember when I first heard that song, I was listening to it at night on repeat for an hour or so until it got stuck in my head. Then, at about 3 in the morning, I woke up with intense stomach pain and sat on the toilet for ten minutes with diarrhea. And that song was playing in my head the entire time. The most upbeat song I'd ever heard, playing while I felt like the most shit I'd ever felt like.
I was expecting something else to come out of your son's penis and left this disappointed
I got no friends to speak of.
A girl talked to me...and then stopped
Me
just me, sucking on it, vroom, vroom, oh yeah, you screaming, thrusting
100,000. Currently making 0
I got detention for eating part of my friends brownie when he offered it to me in the bathroom. Turns out he stole the brownie.  Funny thing is, the guy we stole it from, he had a box of them in the room, and he just kind of laughed about the whole thing.
Madeon - Adventure  Such a fantastic album, every single song on it is amazing. It's probably the only album I've ever listened to on straight repeat for days.
Radioactive by Imagine Dragons  Cos when I cum, I'm so hot I'm radioactive
"Are you gay?"  No, for the last time, I am not gay, and I'd appreciate you stop questioning my sexuality and mind your own business.
I'm finding it to be so much better not socializing with anybody outside of the bare minimum required to get by and not get questioned a lot.
&gt;You'd need to have the confidence to talk to her  Yep, there go all my chances.
OP's mom
I once saw a black cop.  It was a movie.
My Droid Turbo disagrees with you. This thing can last me for a couple days with decent usage, and I can use it all day and still have 30% left at the end of the day.
Hey, I can hieroglyph that
Back at my school, we would empty pens out and tie a rubber band to the back and then shoot out the actual pens we got from taking it apart. It was a ton of fun. We even got our teacher a few times.
If you want a good site to download music directly from youtube, I'd suggest youtube-mp3.org. On a computer you can edit all the data, and upload it to whatever devices you need to - and if you're on an Android device like me, you can upload it from your computer to Google Play Music and it'll fill in most of the album info and art, and anything it doesn't you can fill in if you want. From there the only thing you have to remember is to download it onto your phone. Not the most convenient process, but it's nice when you don't have any money and can't pay for Spotify Premium.
I love PlayStation Plus - I don't have a PS4 so the PS Plus multiplayer thing doesn't affect me, but I love getting free games every month, especially since they tend to be cross buy games, so instead of getting the two Vita games, I'll get the two Vita games, a PS4 game, and maybe even a PS3 game.
Well, one "army" in one of my worlds, if you can even call it that, went on a murderous rampage, pillaged, looted, and eventually carried a nuke into the enemy's capital city. When they realized they were losing and their leader was being hanged, they detonated the nuke.  Fun times, fun times.
IT'S HAPPENING THE ROBOT REVOLUTION IS HAPPENING  hide yo wife hide yo kids
Wanna go for me? I got that "average scrawny looking type" problem and most girls I know don't seem to dig it too much
Mine I got as a commemoration when I went to Gettysburg. It was the 150th anniversary, and I figured since we already have an American flag, why not buy a little yard flag as a keepsake? It even says "Gettysburg 150th anniversary" on it.
This is my 'Madeon' inspired wallpaper, with a focus on his song 'Home'. [Link here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cxq3GIxlv20) for those interested.  Anyway, I made this using [KLWP](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.kustom.wallpaper). The battery indicator(circle) is the default one modified to fit with the theme, as I couldn't figure out how to make one, but everything else(text, animations) was by me.  Wallpaper: http://imgur.com/gallery/xWfR5/new  Font: http://www.dafont.com/adventure-alphabet.font  I used the Nova Launcher. No icon pack. Some of it was based off [this](http://i.imgur.com/R2KSfc6.png) but I wanted to add more functionality.
[I HAVE A WIFE!!!](http://snoopsnoo.com/u/02Alien)
After the whole 10th fiasco, I've kind of given up hope.  I figure, my phone will have Lollipop in a year or two when the contract's been paid off. Will it be a Turbo? Probably not. But it'll be Lollipop.
I prefer to call it "Half truths".  Although honestly, I do lie on occasion for some questions I'm not comfortable answering. But for the majority, I am honest because I know they do checks.
Are you ever going to be offering these again or is it a one time? I'd absolutely love one but don't have the money right now.
Jokes on you! They all think I'm gay! Ha!
Huh, cause I know people who have gotten discounts for going out of state, although I guess it must depend on the college?
Wanna go steady?  Just kidding, I can't talk to girls.
Reading this comment made me realize that I have it really lucky with my Turbo. :(
Fellow Feeling by Porter Robinson. This song sends chills down my spine.
You can try and offer him an ultimatum: get help or get out. I.e, offer him a month to either pack up and leave, or see a therapist. But that's not necessarily something I'd suggest doing, since I'm no therapist and I don't know him, so I can't know what would really help with him.  What I can suggest doing, and I don't know if this would actually work, but try and go to a local therapist and see what they can do to help you to motivate him to get help, or else see what things you could do to at least set him on the path towards getting help. Change is a gradual thing, and you almost have to kind of nudge him in that direction.  Hope this helps :)
I'd say the added portability of the 3DS version really seals the deal for me. Nice to be able to play Xenoblade in bed. (Which is basically the only place other than my computer that I game.)  That, and the fact that I don't have a Wii.
Downtown is actually pretty busy Friday and sometimes Saturday nights, it's just that downtown is really small. Only a couple blocks where all the restaurants are. A few shops. I mean, it's not a horrible city to live in most of the time, it's just boring and has an atrocious crime rate.
Basically. I have a friend from Pecatonica and we both go to school in Rockford, so whenever she's complaining about something, I keep trying to say "fuck you, you live in Pecatonica" but I don't
Yes, although I try and stream whenever possible to make up for it as best as I can. Money is hard to come by and it's easier to pay for $9.99 a month then $30 or $40 a month on albums.
I'm so sorry. I'd say you could tell the police but that probably wouldn't do anything for you.
Don't get me wrong. I love Rockford. Its where I've lived for most of my life, most of my family is within an hour drive, friends all live in Rockford. Its got some really beautiful areas, but its got a lot of really fucking terrible ones.
