I want to know why we can only have 5 medallions of iron. If you want to throw me into match after match in progress or against fireteams of 5/6 and you DON'T expect me to quit how about letting me at least always get a medallion. I've started to just swap characters if I get to 5 medallions and I've already finished my bounties for the day. I've gone 9 games straight losing every one between all the issues. Best of all half the time I even face a full fireteam they aren't even that amazingly good, I just have completely incompetent teammates and/or the other fireteam consists of 3+ red bars that might as well be invulnerable. I told myself that they must have thought they couldn't give us more than 5 because well what if someone saves a bunch for next Iron Banner but we can already do that with bounties AND if that was a concern you could just wipe them after the event.
As someone who never knew this site existed...what did it do? Did it just tell you if the game was up or not?
My friend and I argued about this a bunch and he was convinced you needed to win to get an exotic. He then got an exotic the next match after we lost.
I've had this map maybe twice all week. I've had Dungeons and Twilight Gap 90% of the rest of the time. Had a point where I almost straight just stopped playing because I got Twilight Gap 5 out of 6 matches straight. Then later I get Dungeons back to back to back. The best part is when it decides to break up your teams only to throw you into another match, in progress, on the same map.
As a hunter main the thing that annoys me about this is that I just KNOW that you didn't end up wasting your super doing this. You'd have it up again as soon as the tether was gone or you were out of it or died or whatever.
Well to be fair...I got maybe 2 auto rifles, a pair of boots and a helmet. Saw a lot of people getting drops too. Got all 3 characters to rank 5.  First IB of TTK I got my Hunter only to rank 4 or 5 and got 1 or 2 drops as well. This was the one everyone was complaining about no drops and Bungie admitted that it was broken and fixed it.  One thing worth noting is that sometimes you don't see your own or other peoples drops in the completion screen. If you get more than 2 items anything else won't show up. This happened a few times with friends where they got something but nobody saw it on the scoreboard.  Still yes rewards are stupid low considering 99% of the time it's a weapon/armor with bad rolls AND low light level. I can't really comment on Ghosts since I managed to get a 320 one from the raid recently so I could care less. Class items seemed way too rare for them not being purchasable and being needed for the rep boost (AND the ps exclusive ones were even rarer).  SRL had stupid stupid high drop rates AND once you were rank 3 you got relevant gear for end game characters instead of sub 310 or sub 300 light drops.  I feel like Bungie nerfed the after-match drops due to the rank 5 packages. I got trash from 2/3 of my rank 5 packages but my third was amazingly 320 boots for my Warlock.
Oh is that what it was? Didn't pay enough attention I guess. I hate that NLB doesn't follow the normal sniper damage formula for criticals. I'd love using it all the time if it was reasonable that way. I should at least be able to revive snipe with it T_T
I enjoyed this far more than I thought I would.  I'm also EXTREMELY bothered by the fact you didn't pick up your pyramid item thingy that the boss dropped.
This sure as hell better ship with my copy of the special edition. I was thinking about complaining to them in person about it if they didn't announce this. It's bad enough I didn't get it from Best Buy for the 20% off but then I have to pay Gamestop's absurd shipping prices too because you can't order online and pick up in store.  ...is it February 19th yet?
Where do I call to report child abuse?  You only let him play Rift in crucible? That has to be some sort of torture.
If you need to farm gold just buy the gold boost for 4k honor tokens during the weekend and farm the crap out of the gold quests. With a decent gold farming team I made almost 20 million without much trouble. Used several stamina fruits granted but that much lasts you a long time.
I had the best luck running the 20AP daily rather than the 30AP one. Got ~300k per run I want to say, maybe more if I got all the bonuses. Granted this is with a full team of increased gold drop. And like I said, I burned a bunch of fruit since I didn't want to have to worry about gold for a while. They're not really hard to come by between rings and honor tokens anyway.
I absolutely love exiling Venser to himself in MTGO cube. Nobody ever expects it and you can do some really broken things. Not to mention gaining a lot of loyalty at times by doing it.
Interesting since that's not what I've heard from store owners that have to deal with getting product from distributors. Are you not in the US? It may work differently in some different countries. I know it's much more controlled with certain sets such as MMA or even as recently as the craziness that happened with Zendikar fatpacks.
I finally got pretty much my god roll for PvE anyway...still looking for PvP. Legendary blackhammer status. Triple-tap and casket mag being the main perks I wanted. Got Shortgaze scope and mulligan which I'm kind of meh about. Would have preferred something like Firefly and the scope wasn't a big concern.  PvP I want longview, Hidden Hand, snapshot and I suppose partial refund or army of one but the last perk doesn't matter much.  Best PvP one I have is longview, hidden hand, casket mag and last resort. 2/3 isn't bad but missing snapshot feels really bad on anything but bladedancer. I actually have another with snapshot that I use on Titan/Warlock but it has a different scope. Casket mag actually has been surprisingly nice all things said in pvp. Need to try using Ambush scope again too since I use to use it all the time.  Edit: No love for longview? I thought it had the same zoom as ambush and honestly now that I've gotten use to it I find it pretty nice. Ambush might be ever so slightly faster to ADS. I actually find lower stability pretty fine for me with snipers as I tend to be more of a drag scoper and usually don't rely on the stability much at all.
I'll honestly just be happy if DeeJ comes back to work at all at this point. I assure you he has some idea what's going on and if this was Japan we'd be talking about people jumping off buildings before coming back to work at this point. It takes a brave man to willingly walk into the fire that is this game currently.
I thought about doing this once. Then I decided not to because my god it'd be a pain in the ass to do and then mess up the second I want one of the guns there.  Seriously though where are all your exotics? I've dismantled so many guns I've practically started dismantling exotics I don't use just for more space. I think my only surviving y1 guns are fatebringer, a couple other vault weapons and my G-horn.
Mama never played Skyshock.
Honestly a bit salty considering I just searched all over locally and bought a copy for $60 at Target of all places. I already own/played the first on 360 but oh well. I might replay on the Wii U for the costumes, plus I think I gave away my 360 copy to a friend.
I'm almost jealous of stores that even have actual judges at their pre-releases. Mine usually does I believe but I don't think always. And they certainly don't seem to do much most of the time. Sounds like a kind of crappy situation but I've experienced my fair share of shady things going on at pre-releases. Best is when one Judge seemed to have an impossibly amazing deck. Of course this was earlier on when I started playing and of course neither I or anyone else said anything. I don't mean anyone saw him put cards in his deck etc but we're talking 3/4 bomb Mythics in the same color pair (gold cards back in gatecrash) two of which were the same card, and none of them were the promo. On top of that all the other rares and uncommons seemed to be in the same color pair too. Stuff happens and it can happen all too easy when there's a lot of people crowded together. Judges have a tough job and sometimes they need to do less "fun" things. That said part of the issue here seems to be that they didn't give adequate time back to you and your friend after the investigation for what they took away from your deck building. It also seems a bit poorly handled how open and public the investigation etc was where everyone seemed to be judging you because of it. It's hard to get around but it's certainly something that can be very intimidating and frustrating to be on the receiving end of. This is one reason why it's good in GPs etc for people to have random deck checks so that it's not obvious that Judges are being "unfairly" suspicious of any particular person. Not that this is really reasonable at a pre-release.
It appears this only applies to in store pre-orders? I think I remember their online pre-orders opening once or twice after the 18th as well. Regardless I checked and am glad to say my online order was made on the 17th. Still sad I not only didn't get the 20% off from Best Buy but also have to pay like $12 shipping but I'll take that over $300+ from scalpers any day. Best Buy really hates me too because I have probably got 6+ emails from them since the 12th when the game was announced for pre-order for "Are you still interested in this product?" linking me to the special edition page that has had "not available online" ever since then consistently.  Honestly Nintendo really needs to get their shit together with pre-orders. They're a disaster.
I'm debating this myself. On one hand I feel like I knowingly spent money on this game knowing it was an online game and could go away at any time. At the same time FUCK Gumi. They've been a horrible company lately and blatantly lie to their customers. They literally dismissed rumors of a shutdown days before announcing a shutdown with no justification. They constantly had bugs and issues that they half assed at best to try to address. One of the biggest problems is that a lot of times your "refund" is from Google etc not actually from Gumi. It's hilariously disgusting that they pushed global exclusive paid content RIGHT before announcing the shut down as many people spent a LOT of money on that. The fact that they are not announcing why they're closing the game and don't seem to be shutting down BF is even more questionable.  Doesn't help that most of my recent purchases were through the Amazon app store due to their coins promotion and supposedly at least Amazon and Apple have much worse refund policies.  Anyone have any experience or luck trying to file for a refund through Amazon or Google for previously spent Prysma?
I wish my store did FNM draft instead of Modern or Standard. Even though I own 3 Modern decks...I should really go to FNM more probably.
The sad thing is if Gumi didn't kill CC I'd likely have played PoTK and enjoyed and likely even put money into both. I LOVE Fire Emblem and PoTK looks great in the same sort of style. Too bad since it's being run by Gumi I'm not going to touch it. Actually I take that back, I might download it just so I can give it a 1 star rating and tell everyone how horrible Gumi is.
And this is one of many reasons I haven't touched Destiny in 2 weeks. Crucible matches where you can't pick up heavy or special ammo are the best. Had a friend who had to come to me so I could open ammo boxes for him since he couldn't himself. The only pvp that seems even remotely stable to play is Trials and between none of my friends really wanting to play and the rewards being entirely not worth it why bother?  Looks like Iron Banner is going to be me logging in on the last day or so and turning in bounties I have from last IB just to buy the Class item on my Titan. Sad too since I wouldn't mind some of the armor and actually having a reason to play. Between the shit quality of the servers/pvp matchmaking and LOL IB Rift that isn't going to happen.  Also as someone with a barely 1.1 or so average KD in pvp I'd like to know how I still get consistently horribly laggy matches and tons of people with flawless trials or scarab emblems in most all games? Even then I usually end up leading my team with a barely positive KD while the other teams are usually way better. wtf Bungie?
wouldn't have helped and been worth it to draw 3-4 cards just to discard him. I didn't have a bunch of cards in graveyard or anything, it was just random that I hit EVERY card aside blightsteel first. I would have won fairly easily if I actually got blightsteel out with cards left in library.
Probably needs to be tested against a deck with all 1-ofs to test if it's actually happening or just bad luck and coincidences. Just you know, cause it's MTGO so who knows. I know they "fixed" the ponder bug but I still cast ponder and shuffled my deck only to have the same 3 cards on top recently...in cube. The odds of that happening are so absurdly low that with MTGO's track record...yeah.
I didn't know this was an unusual thing. This happens every time I run my hunter on Oryx. I try to see if I can blast the Thrall off the map. Typical what goes up...flies away forever.
Haven't watched Clanned. I didn't drop it because it was such a small thing but for the first few episodes it drove me insane. Specifically the mc his eyes just were so poorly done imo and clashed with the whole art style which otherwise was good.
I got Yuria's gear despite her dying during the final fight with the soul of cinder...is that not normal?
I use to get in a lot of fights with my parents and especially my dad. I said a lot of crap and was real mean. I know I've apologized and made sure I've told him that I do not in fact hate him but I still hate myself every time I think of it and remember all the things I've said and done.
I didn't buy a box because I couldn't justify the $300 price tag for the odds I'd have when I knew I'd end up cracking it instead of drafting it. (RIP having 7 friends I can get to draft with me easily.) The one draft I've done so far I ended up ahead of what I paid in entry ~40 but whole the money cards I know of barely break ~$170 and almost half of that is in a single foil. The rest of the rares and money uncommons might crank the total up somewhat but that's hardly reliable. 3 Mythics totaling ~$40 is kind of lackluster but entirely average and expected.  I really wish Wizards would stop jacking the msrp up on these sets so much. I'd LOVE to see a $5 or $6 msrp for packs and no guaranteed foil. Then have a larger print run and we'd actually see more reasonable prices on the extremely expensive cards.  As a whole the set seems really fun but the actual value is concentrated on such few specific cards it's a huge gamble.
I'm a pretty big Oregairu fan but Megumi definitely should have won that one...
Yeah...I've sat around punching a doomed Ronin 3+ times while I lost my last bar+ of health and got executed instead more times than is remotely reasonable. This at least looks like you both got doomed and he got the execution off on you first, you just punched him while he was doing the execution animation.
I was really hoping this was somehow the kill I got as Reinheart where I perfectly timed a charge on a Mei as she stopped being a snowman.
Does the cosmog you pick up in game come in a cherish ball? I've yet to get it since I plan on soft resetting it and haven't had the time.
When did you try playing Symphonia? It was my first tales game and I adored it, though I admit that trying to play the anniversary version on the ps3 was miserable as the game is extremely outdated now. Amazed that the ps2 port from the gamecube, while adding content, made the game considerably worse with cutting the framerate from 60 to 30 among other things. I played Xillia and enjoyed the story and I'd like to finish Xillia 2 but the absurd debt grind garbage made me quit because it was so frustrating. I also felt like while the story was pretty decent (some great characters) in Xillia the battle system was not stellar and very unintuitive. It doesn't help that Sorey seems to follow the trend of the kind of garbage bland main characters we've had so many of since Lloyd. I'm optimistic that Velvet looks far more interesting.
I've heard nothing but generally good things about Berseria so far aside the idiotic censoring so I'm cautiously optimistic. Many are saying it's the best Tales game since 2011 or so at least.  I definitely tried to play the Symphonia HD release on ps3 and the game is extremely dated. It being a mediocre port of a bad port doesn't help though. Symphonia was actually before Namco had joined Bandai I believe, the battle system at the time was basically the infant that eventually evolved into more or less what we have today. I feel like we've just had too much changed to it constantly to make things overly complicated.  I'm just sitting here debating buying the ps4 limited edition or if I want it on pc. It's hard to trust the PC port without any look at it though.
I really want to play the ps3 version of Vesperia...but I don't have a modded or easily modable ps3 (as far as I'm aware).  Really does feel like Namco hates anyone outside Japan...which isn't actually too uncommon for publishers it seems.
Sure am glad I can't get that buying it physically...stupid ps4 theme preorder crap.
Not even a mention of Mob Psycho 100? Kind of surprised. And it wasn't even the strongest episode of the show by far. I'm so sick of trying to get people to watch it who see the animation and instantly drop it. I have a friend who watched the first 3 episodes and dropped it for not having any point/story...yet he raves about how great One Punch Man is practically because it has little to no story, I don't even know. Can't get him to watch 4/5 either despite how great the show gets.
I don't think Berseria has any sort of ps4pro patch that actually benefits from the pro in any way.  That said I'll probably do the same thing I did with Zesteria and get it for ps4 (partially so I can get the collectors edition) and then get it on steam later on when it's on sale for some absurdly cheap price as it always is eventually. By that point any/all mods will likely be out.
I've had this showing up as in stock on Best Buy since it was announced...weird.
Ah, you're right. Guess I'm not getting the collectors edition after all. Not horribly upset...Tales seems to have the highest priced collectors editions for pretty mediocre bonuses. Was still a tough call for me @ $120 with gamers club unlocked at Best Buy let alone full priced at $150.
I think in TF1 the fact there were no gametypes without Titans as far as I remember and that you refill ammo any time you get in a Titan made it very very rare to run out of ammo. I remember using the get into titan and exit strategy to refill satchel charges all the time though.
Well...it could be debated since technically it's only really a God roll on specific snipers and not universally on all snipers. Though the picture is a great 1000 yard stare so yeah. And I have one...with mulligan too. I love it.
I hit 1997 after ranking at 1880 I think. Dropped into the elo hell of 1100-1300 now. I pretty much exclusively solo queue and my god it's like even teams that communicate 2/6 players have no idea what they're doing. I pretty much have to play support or have a team with 1 horrible support that I've had switch off support mid match multiple times like it makes any sense. Nothing like watching your Lucio switch to reaper against 3 tanks. Or the amazing symettra or zenyatta solo healer logic.  The fact I can play support and win 3+ games in a row only gaining 10 or less rating a game and then lose once with 4 gold medals and lose 40+ rating is so infuriating.
Not really valid for a ditto since you can't breed for one. But for instance I have a 6IV ditto on one of the gen5 games (don't remember if it's shiny) that I got from doing rng manipulation on them.
Man....Amazon is really trying to piss off Prime users more and more. If not for the fact that Twitch Prime makes the Amazon Prime service effectively $40 since I was already paying $60 a year for a single Twitch sub I'd be really pissed off.  Prime music is decent for me considering most I care about on it aren't music unlimited but it's still frustrating that it exists to begin with.  Prime Video seems like garbage with so much of the stuff requiring purchase or separate subscriptions.  My experience with actual 2day prime shipping has been incredibly hit or miss lately...which is suppose to be the main appeal of the service. Luckily they're good about complaints to this. I got an extra month added for late shipments happening and they made a not not to use USPS because it's what was causing delays supposedly.  I really liked the appeal of the 20% off new game preorders and first 2 weeks of new releases...but it seems like half the time or more games go on sale to ~$50 or like 18% off before they actually release and the 20% off is off the MSRP so I'm only really saving a dollar or two.
I've completely stopped playing the game until I hear back from EA/Respawn (EA support forwarded the issue to Respawn) about the network choke / out of snapshots issue. Ideally I hear back from them after they announce a patch where they're upping the tick rate of the game to help improve the garbage netcode issues. This should as far as I'm aware instantly resolve my issue if they could do it...
