Yeah, waiting around for the weapon rotation is annoying.  I started in on IB back in February for that sweet vendor Gheleon's Demise with Outlaw and Firefly, and got sucked in.  Trying now to complete my set of IB weapons... only need Perun's Fire (which is finally being sold this week!) and Skorri's Revenge (which I believe has never been sold, so is basically becoming my white whale).  Frustrating having to just sit and twiddle my thumbs from month to month waiting on that damn pulse rifle.
It really is poorly placed.  I have a friend who's new to the game and started in just as HoW was dropping and she ran into the same issue.  If you're running patrols in the Cosmodrome, you're going to have to go through Dock-13 at some point (any VIP mission taken in the Steppes will send you through Dock-13 to The Divide, and some of the Scan Environment missions will have the objective in Dock-13 itself).  Since patrols (or, more specifically, bounties that more or less require you to go on patrol) are a great way to level up, lowbie players are gonna be doing a ton of them.  As for getting a higher-level Guardian's attention to help out with this, you would actually need to.  In fact, you'd need to get them into your fireteam, not just get their attention to go kill it, because Dock-13 is instanced.  You can wait forever in there and you'll never see another Guardian randomly come through and kill the thing for you.  They need to be in your group to be able to kill it for you.
Same here, only with a void Trolley Problem with Accelerated Coils.  As a hunter, too, so no grenades/melee/super to fall back on.  The whole experience traumatized me for a bit, but I really did come to love that gun (it's also got AP rounds, which makes the Overcharge bounty a breeze).
&gt; When did I say that?  Right here:  &gt;And you people call me SJWs.  And read my superscript.  I'm just trying to get a rise out of you.  Calm down.  How the hell do you live like that, getting all worked up over every little thing?  Your blood pressure's gotta be through the roof.
My [Striker Titan](http://i.imgur.com/X16r8Pr.gifv) would like to have a word with you.
Yarp!  Then again, I think that was more heavy than even Ruin Wings could account for.  I've had the same thing happen [on my Hunter](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EvHzpUDA9UA), too, and the explanation I've heard is that ammo drops are on a behind-the-scenes timer wherein something killed in a particular moment will drop heavy.  If you just happen to kill a BUNCH of things in the particular moment that heavy ammo is "scheduled" for, you get a hammosplosion.
I couldn't get into City.  Where Asylum felt to me like a form of metroidvania with acquiring upgrades and backtracking to explore previously-unreachable places, City just felt like an Ubisoftian open-world slog.  I really didn't feel like it worked anywhere close to as well as Asylum did and after a few hours I just had to give up.  As such, I didn't move on to try Origins, but from what I've heard, it's closer in style to City than Asylum, except it's not supposed to be as good (wasn't developed by Rocksteady, either, which maybe is where some of the quality dropped off).  If you don't mind the sort of shift in gameplay to that open world mechanic that everything seems to be moving to these days, though, City's gonna rock your world.
Has it always said "*Job offers* available"?  I thought it was always phrased as "Missions available".  "Job" implies getting paid, while "mission" implies doing a duty... Maybe we're going to start getting glimmer for patrol missions?  Probably a big stretch based off of such a small change, but it sure would be nice.  Edit:  Just remembered that I had a [screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/nEhhBMb.jpg) saved with my Ghost out (because how often do you see *all* VIP missions in an area?), so I can confirm that it's "Missions available" currently.
&gt;Ya the day RNGesus gives me a Gjally im running VoG while im on its good side and grabbing a fatebringer.  If you're on PS4, invite me along, I still need one of those, lol!  (PSN name is the same as my reddit name)
If you're a Titan, you won't be able to one-shot 34s with Shoulder Charge, but that'd be about the biggest issue.  Not really a major factor, I got my 33 Titan to rank 5 last time just fine (with the alt-character buff, granted).
I'm not too surprised.  Tomato's technically part of the nightshade family.  Could see allergies forming to something that's not too far removed from deadly poison.  Disclaimer:  I don't really know shit about allergies.
'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the van   Your ol' buddy Matt fell asleep on the can.   His children were nestled two time zones away,   With his first wife and her husband, in sunny L.A.   Matt woke up and realized, with a chill and a quiver,   That he was living in a van down by the river!
I know they do ghost profiling and all, but how much can they get this way from someone who doesn't have (and has never had) a Facebook account?  (Ninja edit:  I mean, obviously they're able to read the entirety of any text I send to someone with Facebook installed on their phone, but since I don't have an account, how would they tie me to the number that my friends are getting texts from?)
Well, they didn't have 'em when I was there ~16 years ago.  Once you got maybe 2-3 towns away from Springfield, nobody knew WTF a horseshoe was.
Just go to the Ethnic Village or whatever it's called and eat your way through it.  Best part of the fair by far.  Unless they've stopped doing it (I haven't been back in probably 15 years or so), in which case fuckit, not worth going.
&gt; I know I ~~would have~~ *wouldve*!
You're in France and you're only studying *a* broad?  Like just one?  I think you're just not putting in the proper effort.
&gt; Everyone acts like they already mastered all maps and heroes and there is nothing for them to do.  With regard to the heroes comment, I'll put it out there that some of us are confirmed *shit* with a good chunk of the heroes, and so it would be nice to have more maps/modes to play the handful of heroes that we don't suck ass with and have been playing for hours.  Not to say that I'm necessarily on the "WHARRGARBL, NOT ENUFF CONTINT!!!1" bandwagon, mind you, just putting it out there for discussion.
I tried to keep my personal anecdotes out of the write-up there, but yeah, it's the point that sold me on the game, too.  I consider myself as a PVE-only player.  I really dislike modern PVP.  I think the last PVP game I played with any sort of regularity before this was TF2 and I quit it when they started coming out with extra weapons for the different classes.  I preferred knowing exactly what I was up against when I'd see an enemy.  Since then, there's been the rise of COD and what I've perceived (admittedly from the outside looking in, so take this assessment with a grain of salt) as a massive toxification of the PVP mindset.  I'm not great at these games and my KDR is pretty much always gonna be shit.  Overwatch found a way to just throw the entire basis for that type of attitude out the window.
&gt;They will be the richest club in their group  Unless they draw Real Madrid from Pot 2.  [Edit:  I'm an idiot, I forgot that RM won the CL.  Does that push Barca to Pot 2, then?  If so, let's just pretend I said they might draw Barca from Pot 2.  If not, then, uhh... hey, what's that over there?!  \*points and scurries away\*]  But yeah, given Pots 3 and 4, they should be at least the second-richest.
We've got a year and a half before the bicentennial.  Should at least adopt it for 2018.
Ran into these guys while I was defending King's Row last night!  We fought off a wave or two of them leaping over the chokepoint wall before they all switched to D.Va and tried again.  It was a blast!
D'you love me?  Could y'learn to love me?
Not understanding the design choice is one thing.  I was very skeptical of it at first, too.  I really didn't like that they turned a spinoff game into a main-line numbered entry in the series.  I was worried about the action combat.  Then I tried Episode Duscae and loved it (well, moreso ED 2.0... the combat in 1.0 didn't click as well for me), finding out that it's not just a pure hack-and-slash combat system like you keep implying.  There's a bit more leniency to the timing of everything to where fans of the slower combat in the prior games can ease into it a bit (especially now with Wait Mode as an option), as opposed to it being a hack-and-slash like DMC or something where you *have* to have perfect timing and know all the combos and whatever all else comes with that style of combat.  &gt;But hey, I'm just some guy that thinks that Action Turn Based is closely related to turn based  ATB's (which is "Active Time Battle," btw, not "Action Turn Based") definitely closely related to turn-based, but the point of the conversation is that it's not *actually* turn-based.  &gt;what do I know anyway.  Probably lots of things, but it seems not much about the reality of XV's combat system ;)
[[loudly shitposting in hopes of getting a key for a friend]](http://66.media.tumblr.com/a07285a6c645d2c8f30af8658a6cfbda/tumblr_o8tqbaH4hC1tnhkggo1_500.gif)
If we just stomped the other team, I try to keep my comments in team chat.  We did really well and I want to acknowledge that, but it's shitty to "gg" the other team when we all know it wasn't a particularly good game.  If it was a really close game one way or the other, I'll "gg" in match chat.  If we got stomped, I just keep my damn mouth shut and try to figure out what I gotta do better next time.
OP, how'd you record my play session?  (I'm *also* that bad with Roadhog.)
I had my first *really* good game as Mei last night (three gold medals and a silver), and I agree (although obviously I'm biased as the Mei in question) that having a good Mei game can be huge for a team.  We were defending Route 66 and won without the attackers even getting the payload fully around the first corner.  I was putting up wall after wall in that first archway to block their entire team from even touching the payload for minutes at a time without running the long way around, at which point they'd get decimated by the rest of my team.  I was using walls to sever the connection between their Mercy and Zarya, at which point Zarya was a sitting duck for me to freeze and dome with my RMB.  I think I managed to build up and use three ults right there at that first archway, it was insane.    Don't think I've ever had as strong of a defense on that map and it didn't feel like it was due to poor performance by the enemy... it just felt like Mei was *absolutely dictating* the entire run of play.
Any insight on why I can't download it on my 950 running the latest release of W10M?  Edit: restarted phone and checked again, now it's working.  ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯
&gt; and central Illinois is redneck central (I know a guy who is stuck in Peoria and hates it with a passion)  If you think central Illinois is redneck central, I hope you never have to venture into the South proper.  I mean, yeah, there are plenty of hicks in central Illinois (source: grew up near Springfield), but "redneck central" is kinda pushing it when Alabama and Mississippi exist.
Read closer.  I have a PC already for my main gaming usage.  Just rebuilt this summer, actually.  You PCMR meatheads are just showing your ignorance in how you can't be bothered to read a comment fully before responding and how you can't comprehend that gaming isn't a zero-sum hobby.  You can have AND enjoy BOTH console and PC.
They gave me double search points all last month for some reason (I thought it was for everyone, but my wife didn't get them).  I managed to get 4 $5 Amazon gift cards over the course of the month.  Now, granted, the first one I redeemed on December 4, so it doesn't really count since it was mostly points accumulated in November, but still!
&gt; You've obviously never been into competitive FPS's if you think 30 is a minuscule difference from 60.  Guilty as charged on not being "into" them, but I've played my fair share of them at both 60 FPS on the PC (most recently Overwatch) and 30 on console (Destiny Crucible) and in all of my experience, latency is a significantly larger factor than framerate.  Barring, of course, unstable framerates which we've been over and over in this conversation.  &gt;That is a very ignorant paragraph you've got going on there.  And all of your "I won't deign to touch a game unless it's 60 fps!" snobbery isn't ignorant?  *Okay.*  &gt; it really is that jarring when you're accustomed to a standard of 60  It really *isn't*, though, if you don't fixate on it.  As soon as you found out that it was locked at 30, you made up your mind that you weren't going to "be able" to play it.  &gt;As far as budget goes, it doesn't even take $1000 to build a powerful rig  Okay, so you only had to spend three times the going rate for a console for only twice the performance.  Also, if you want to keep that performance as new games come out, you're gonna be dropping another few hundred dollars on new video cards every couple years.  &gt;I'm not sure how you spent that much  Future-proofing by getting overkill components to keep from having to upgrade as frequently.  &gt;If I were to rebuild my computer, it would cost about $750, and I can run everything nearly maxed out, only sacrificing maybe AA quality from 8x to 4x.   That's just bullshit, flat out.  But even giving you the benefit of the doubt, that's still over twice the price of a console for twice the performance *right now*.  In a couple years' time, the console will still be running new games at its expected performance level while you'll be needing to drop another console's worth into a new vidcard to keep up.  &gt;And we don't have to pay subscription fees just to play our games online, which is fucking bullshit that no one should be okay with.  Agreed here, that much *is* bullshit, but at the end of the day, if that's what I have to do to play the games I want to play with the people I want to play them with... I can afford it.  And they do give you games for "free" with it (Furi, Rocket League, Stories: The Path of Destinies, all great games off the top of my head from PS+), which lessens the blow slightly.  &gt;The performance of a game affects your entire experience.   Agreed, but I think we just have different definitions of performance.  If a game is stuttering and dropping frames, yeah, that's going to affect the entire experience.  But if it's simply that I have to play at a solid 30 fps to experience the thousands of hours of enjoyment I've had in Destiny, well, fuck... that's fine by me.  &gt;I've been gaming extensively since the 90s and I'm not okay with poor performance anymore.  Good for you, kid.  I've been gaming extensively since the 80s and I understand when to put overall enjoyment ahead of technical bulletpoints.  &gt;Your statement is like saying, "You're not much of a photographer if you think a blurry picture is bad," or "You're not much of a beer enthusiast if you think warm beer is bad," etcetera.  It's more along the lines of saying "You're not much of an artist if you think someone else's work is garbage because it's not made of the absolute highest-quality materials."  If the art itself is worthy, who cares what it's made of?  &gt;It's called being passionate about your hobby, and having standards.   If you were passionate about your hobby, you'd be able to overcome your hangups and enjoy the great games you're willfully missing out on because of framerate differences.  And it's not "having standards," it's "being a snob."
&gt; You can examine the cans in a few shops.  Ignis will sometimes have a can in the cupholder of the Regalia while he's driving, too.
&gt; Also, those were the first Star Wars EU books I remember reading as a kid,   Yup, those were the actual first EU books altogether.  It was a *huge* deal when those were coming out, that we were finally going to find out what happened to everyone after the fact.  It was the only way we were ever going to know, since Lucas swore up and down that he would never *ever* make Episodes 7-9.  &gt;and nothing ever came close.   And that's the key as to why I don't mind that the EU is no longer canon.  The Thrawn trilogy was great.  Everything else was hot garbage.
No worries!  Turns out /u/ibarelyGNUher beat me to it by a couple hours and I totally missed his/her comment before I posted mine (although, admittedly, their's was without the youtube link, not that that makes it any better).
Hey, calm down there.  I couldn't care less about KH.  I didn't particularly like either of the first two games in the series (although admittedly I could barely deal with the shoulder button camera controls in the first one, so I didn't play much of it... maybe there was a great game under that control scheme that I just couldn't get to).  KH is obviously Nomura's baby and he *did* manage to get the first two out the door as director.  Maybe others who are saying it's just that he's spread too thin are right, and he needed to be taken off of XV/VsXIII sooner and shouldn't have been given VIIr, so that he can focus entirely on his true passion, KH3.  I'm just saying that his track record as a director hasn't been stellar since KH2 came out in 2005.  As in, every project he's been attached to as director since then has failed to come out (barring someone else taking over for him) or show significant progress.  The evidence for the last decade plus points to him not being able, for whatever reason, to properly manage directing a modern video game project.
[I swear some people don't know how to play poker.](http://www.pokerology.com/articles/beginners-guide-to-live-poker/)  I'm one of those people, but even I know that "I see you and raise you" is wrong.
I absolutely loved Tyranny.  I ended up stumbling into a story path that I didn't even realize was going to be possible when I started playing it, and by the end I couldn't fathom how the story would've possibly worked had I gone any of the other routes.  Reminded me quite a bit of Alpha Protocol that way, another Obsidian game with great story variance depending on player choices.  Going back to Pillars now (I backed it immediately when the KS campaign began, but bounced off it pretty hard a couple times once it released), and I'm really digging it.  Not far enough in yet to miss the reactivity of Tyranny, but I *do* already miss the UI niceties.  I think what helped me charge right through Tyranny was the highlighted lore terms in the text, so I was always able to know who or what was being discussed with a simple mouseover/right-click.  Pillars is great about that with mechanics terms, but trying to learn an entirely new fantasyland setting would be so much easier if they'd back-port the Tyranny system into Pillars (not that they're gonna bother since they're in full-swing on Pillars 2).
You can bind keys for your abilities by pressing a key while you mouseover the ability.  Not sure if that was added after release, but I'm finally getting around to playing Pillars now and it's one of the loading screen tips.
I was very nearly offended in this thread about shit-eating!
Yup.  Just gonna go ahead and leave these here for anyone who wants more information:  https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/2jhyr7/i_work_with_wolfdogs_and_see_a_lot_of_regular/clbwc0x/  https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/5xhgr4/this_is_a_wolfdog_crossing_of_german_shepherd_and/deii5mz/
If you just now redeemed it, maybe that's the issue?  Could take their system a bit to get in order and send you the survey email.  Aside from that, I just logged into my account to refresh my memory of what it should look like, and it has all the backer survey stuff under the My Account tab of the [general account page.](http://www.battlechasers.com/account-page)  [Here's what it's showing for me.](http://i.imgur.com/34rtsyE.png)
Yeah, I can see that.  It's something I personally liked about the original (same sorta deal with my absolute favorite FF, VI), though, but to each their own.  I did feel like in XII, though, the game itself was balanced around having every character being versatile enough to do everything.  Everyone having access to Cure, for instance, so everyone could have an emergency healer gambit and such.  When I tried the IZJS version, it just felt too difficult as a matter of the restrictiveness.  That news about TZA allowing a second job board for everyone is the only thing that has me reconsidering my stance on it.  If it were simply the same as the IZJS system, I'd be giving it a hard pass.
Ah, gotcha, yeah, I feel for you guys :(
Thought to do that shortly before your reply, was already in a chat with them, haha!  They confirmed that Amazon Digital Services LLC is a completely separate and distinct entity from Amazon.com and thus the promotional credit WILL NOT APPLY.  Would've asked about the other part (hadn't even thought about the delay in them charging for the preorder) if they'd said that the credit would've worked.  Figured it wasn't worth asking since the credit's non-applicable in this case anyway.
Fair point!  I was really just trying to be a little snarky anyway :)
&gt; (which they no longer are obviously)  Let's not be hasty.  We're having a great season.  But we've still got a shit owner and are likely still a shit club overall.  Hope to be proven wrong over the next few seasons, but a good first half of a season isn't remotely close to enough to discount the half-decade of abject failure that is the Chicago Fire.
And Destiny has supplemental content in between that their entirely-optional, cosmetic-only microtransactions fund.  I didn't spend a single cent on Silver in Destiny 1 but got to play through all the events that it paid for.
Reminds me of the time CmdrTaco dismissed the iPod on /. when it was first revealed.  &gt;[No wireless. Less space than a nomad. Lame.](https://slashdot.org/story/01/10/23/1816257/apple-releases-ipod)  And because time being tricksy like it is, I'll also point out that there was less time between that /. post where the iPod was revealed and the Maddox post when the iPhone was revealed than has passed between the iPhone reveal and today.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I need to go yell at some kids to get offa my lawn.
