I got in trouble in the third grade for spelling correctly.  Turns out the teacher couldn't spell.
It's easy to not get hurt when all you do is take a report and file it somewhere.  Nothing in my experience suggests that police would take seriously a teenager who lost his phone, even if he had GPS location on it.
I've been doing Celeb TV - Lifestyle and Fashion.  As with the others, it goes to App Trailers when finished, and it seems to earn as well as App Trailers.  Plus the yellow pom-pom is easy to spot when I'm scrolling down the list.
You know, I did this for a long time on my Chromebox, and you know what I ended up using it mostly for?  Web surfing.  After a few months, I realized the idiocy of this and put ChromeOS back on it.  Never happier.
Good, I read over what I wrote, and realized I might be interpreted as advising you to overdose, which I totally am not.  I'm just interested in real strong trips, because that's what I enjoy myself.
green pulsing means it is charging.  when it stops, it's full.  there's a PDF manual around somewhere that has all this info, the only place i found that actually explains it.  the remote seems to last a couple weeks to the charge in my experience, the controller must be a lot more, since i charged mine in October and it's still going.  i use the remote more than the controller, might have something to do with it.
And then where do those of us paying rent there go?  Don't fucking give away my apartment, unless you're offering me yours!
View Towers is pretty nice now.  Most of the shady characters have left or been evicted, and the price keeps them from coming back.  After more years than I'd care to admit, it's now a fairly nice, quiet place.  I don't want it to go back to the chaos...when I moved in here, you had to step over nodded-out junkies in the stairwell; there was a woman who wandered the halls, knocking on doors in the middle of the night to randomly ask people for cigarettes; there was another woman who would sit in the elevator and cry; the 10th floor was all drug dealers; you couldn't get through a week without being woken up at 2AM by a fight in the hallway or in one of the adjacent apartments.  I pay to live here, I would be heavily against any kind of appropriation that made it a worse place for me to live.
Ok, sweet!  Thank you for the info, I'll experiment from here and see how it goes.
I played it a few times, a lot of years ago, and I remember enjoying it (although I don't remember much else).  I would be deeply interested, but I have no books or equipment, and no recollection whatsoever of the rules.  I do remember a lot about the setting...I read a LOT of the Battletech novels when I was a kid.  Edit:  We're talking about the FASA game, right?  Or whoever owns that name now.
20 year ago, they had DXM-only pills called Contac Cough Caps.  They had 30mg of HBR, and I didn't have any trouble with them at first, but after 100 or more trips (and they were epic trips), I had some kind of weird reaction where I couldn't even look at a box of them without gagging.  Probably somehow psychosomatic.
Couple points I've discovered in switching my own parents to Kodi, that may or may not be of help to you.  Firstly, the biggest factor I've found as to whether or not my parents could adjust is the complexity of the remote.  A lot of the cheaper Android boxes either don't come with a remote at all, or else they come with a real shitty one.  Remotes that only have a few buttons, like the (old) Apple TV remote, the Nexus Player remote or the Shield TV remote, are better than ones with 20-30 buttons.  Secondly, if you plan to introduce them to streaming from addons, pay for Real Debrid or something like it, saves a lot of teaching headache.  Good luck!
I have one as well.  Out of town till Friday, if you don't find one by then PM me, it's yours.
1.2g-1.5g of DXM definitely gives me a hole experience, which is very similar (although uniquely different) to the K hole.
It mostly worked with my LG surround system, all the functions functioned, except that it switched the input on the LG rapidly to an incorrect input on startup, which caused Shield to stop outputting audio to the HDMI, which could only be fixed by a reboot (which would trigger the same rapid switching that kills the audio).  So, yes it worked, but in practice no.  Edit:  H265 is perfect, I've been watching 1080p H265 streams that look fantastic and buffer in a snap, it's quite nice.
I found an StackExchange article which agrees with you for multi-level dwellings, but suggests vertical for single-level places like mine.  Here it is:  http://superuser.com/questions/618104/do-different-positions-of-the-antenna-on-a-wireless-router-make-any-difference
The best way I found to have fun with 4F-MPH was to redose small doses, fairly frequently.  I'd start with 10-15mg insufflated in the morning, skipping my usual 3 cups of coffee, then redose 10mg or so every hour till I get to where I want to be.  If I started at like 8AM, I'm usually feeling what I want by around noon, on this schedule, and I usually have the advantage of having done my housework, read everything on the internet and written 2-3 novels by then (/s, but it does make for a productive comeup).  Then I slow down the redoses, just to maintain, to more like every 2 hours.  Note that this only works when I plan to spend the day doing stims (a luxury I can rarely afford), and I pretty much have to resign myself to spending the night awake on a cruddy comedown or else use benzos to end the residual no-sleep part.  It seems like 4F-MPH has a short window of recreational potential (few hours), combined with a much longer period of not fun but wired (many hours).
Well, it's not like you can make it any more broken.  You could probably find someone to do it for you (I *ahem* might know someone...) for a few bucks.
Sounds kinda facile, but when I get bad vibes on a trip, I tell the bad vibes to fuck off.  I imagine them as a person; not a specific person, just someone I don't want to talk to.  When I tell them to fuck off, I imagine the bad vibes person getting all huffy and walking away, makes me laugh.  Then they're gone, and I carry on with my regularly scheduled trip.
Canada post changed something recently, I don't know what.  I live downtown, and I always got my Amazon parcels sent to Shopper's on Douglas, but now they go to Cook St. Village, about 20 blocks out of my way.
See, that harsh throat hit is what I like about it.  It really replicates the feel of a smoke for me, in a way that satisfies my cravings.  I tried high VG juice when I first started and it wasn't satisfying and clogged up my coils.
I love hurling on DXM.  It tastes less awful than actual sick hurling, and it's like a rainbow exploding out of my mouth.  Plus I always feels sooooooo much better after.  I just try to hold it as long as I can manage, so as to not lose it before it's absorbed, but 1.5-2 hours after dosing, hurl away!
It happened to me with 4F-MPH, and I'm sure it was a duration thing.  When I was keeping weeks between doses, it wasn't an issue, but once I tried it more than once a week, I started getting the anxiety.
There's so much free wifi these days, I can almost always find an open access point.  Maybe it's different outside the cities, but I don't really miss mobile data.
If I have to eat ketchup to go blind, I'll remain sighted, tyvm.
The difference with nicotine is how it is typically delivered.  If caffeine were ingested primarily by inhalation, with frequent dosing sessions consisting of multiple deep inhales, it might very well show greater addiction potential (would love to be in that study!).  Perhaps this is why oral tobaccos seem to be easier to quit.
Well, I had the crazy idea of making my own syrup at 60mg/mL (one teaspoon per plateau), with like a menthol or eucalyptus flavouring added to make it more syruplike.  Not sure how well it would keep without preservatives, that and being out of powder is the only reasons I haven't tried it yet.
Didn't work for me, every time the Tremor Ad (amusing, tremor ad shaking phone) for the upcoming UFC comes up, it vibrates twice, even with notifications off.  Annoying when it's happening to five phones every 2 minutes or so.
I'm too afraid of dealing with the nicotine to go all the way into that.  I hear it can absorb through your skin from handling it, that's too far outside my comfort zone.  This way I get some of the money savings of DIY without any of the risk and most of the hassle.  Besides, mixing your own is cheaper in the long run, but a lot more expensive up front (you gotta buy flavours, the $15 bottle of PG, the nicotine, however much VG you want, etc.).  If you want to save a lot immediately, as opposed to in a few months when your savings from DIY have covered your startup costs, your options are limited.  If you change your mind, I just got a new bottle of PG, I'd be happy to pour you 100mL or so to get you started.
How does Iris Pro Broadwell compare to newer Iris Pro stuff at 4k?  I got a 4k monitor recently, and discovered my old desktop is woefully inadequate for 4k, so I'm considering options for a new build.
My supply is HCL salt.
It's interesting that the best comments I get on my post are whining about how I didn't use a single word in the way they would prefer.
I did some research as you suggested.  It seems that cocaine has a molecular weight of about 5/6 that of 4F-MPH.  Does that mean I should have used ~300mg baking soda?
*sigh* Yes, I've tested it. I own it. I wouldn't have posted it if it didn't work.
I'll try to post one next week.  It takes ~4 days to get that much SOT, and I'm still away for the holidays with a fairly poor signal.
I tried to warn you.  Reddit loves to call people shills or paid-off-representatives (you even did it here in this post), and it doesn't have to be true anymore for people to swallow it.  You can't mod and vend at the same time, even simply exploring the idea put you in the crosshairs.
Fuck tradition!  I had an indian butter chicken pizza last week that was fabulous.  I've had a weird pizza they called tropical barbecue with pineapple and bacon and alfredo sauce with tabasco.  I regularly enjoy seafood pizza with pesto sauce.
I have around a half a gram of it, sitting at the bottom of a bottle of PG waiting to dissolve.  It's been more than six months, not much action, so I think it might not work.
Depends on the province, I think.  My 12 years of French, taught in rural Nova Scotia, is still enough for me to understand 90% of what I hear in French and enough to make myself understood in French (although not elegantly), and this is 20 years of not-using-it later.  Most of my friends who were educated in AB or BC got 3 years of French in high school as a swan course, and are basically useless in French now.
I feel so old now.  Gonna go cry for a bit.
Found it, it doesn't explicitly say it can control PowerAmp (although it does say Spotify).  It does say it can run any app, does that mean I can pick any MP3 and have it play in the default player (which is PowerAmp for me)?
I'd go and see Agalloch again with my friend who died last year.
My decision to grow a goatee 20 years ago is finally paying off.
I run apps from /r/beermoney on my old phones.  Every single one has paid for itself twice over, and I've made lots of profit past that.
It was, I suppose, looking back on it.  I have dozens of horrific stories that would surely entertain others while retraumatizing me.  It's not something I would wish on anyone, and I have great empathy for people who are in a similar place now as I was then.
I don't know what half those words mean.  I could be any one of them, except maybe Conservative.
I like Lightspeed.  They resell Telus DSL, but you can pay $5 a month for unlimited.  I don't like having to keep track of data at home (it's bad enough on the phone!), so that's totally worth it for me to not have to.  They are also only Telus as far as Vancouver...they have their own links there, stay up during some Telus outages, and have a lower ping than Telus.  I pay $55.95 total for 25/5 unlimited.
It's been like 20 years, I may be mixing her up with Kitana.
Sorry for the unpopular opinion.  I left this market a couple years ago.  I could build a fantastic computer for a gamer for $1000 (my cost), sell it to him for $1300 or so, and things would be great.  Then it got so that the same specs could be had from Dell or some other OEM for $899.  I can't get the same parts for less than $1000, since I don't buy 10,000 at a time.  Sure, my $1300 build is better than a spec-identical $899 Dell; my build can be upgraded down the road, my build uses better-branded RAM and a better-branded video card, but people buying systems aren't thinking about down the road, they are thinking your build costs $400 more than Dell's, nearly 30% more.  If you think you can make a go of it, then best of luck to you, really, but I wouldn't quit your day job.
Not all priests respect the seal of the confessional.  If you get one of those, all bets are off.  I stopped going to Confession when I was young when I caught my priest going to my mom and saying "Hey, guess what little Tired8281 told me?".
