There is also a third alternative: prebuilt mixes and guides written by Mig productions, AK, and the Spanish companies.   A cottage industry has sprung up in the last 5 years that has since swept the model press by storm, where they offer everything from particular effects (rain, grime, snow, mud, oil, whatever), to specific color "modulation" effects (dark, light, shadow, worn paint, chipping fluids). Often sold in "packs" that encourage you to buy a product for every single effect you want to create, while providing professional/expert builder advice on how to achieve or clone their effects that they've become known for.   That would remove much of your questions, because someone has already figured it out for you (as well as dilution, chemistry, mix ratios, paint compatibility).   I personally stick with very "easy remove" materials like pencil graphite, pastel chalk (poor man's weathering powder), acrylic gel mediums, and watercolors. I rarely use oil washes because I find the smells unpleasant and cleanup tedious.   I also tend towards "cleaner" builds because after spending all that time building a model I can't be bothered emulating field conditions in many cases, save for armor models.   Finally, there's a modern trend towards dirtying up just about everything, including things where it might be excessive. Preshading and the like are very useful techniques, but when overused, create *visually interesting* but not actually accurate paint and wear patterns.   There was a hilarious "letters to the editor" from a former tank crewer in Fine Scale Modeler in the last year or so, where a former tank crew member said "STOP IT WITH THE RUSTING TANK TREADS." He claimed that operational tank treads, while muddy, would NOT be rusted; instead, rocks and asphalt would tend to polish it in a color more like a gunmetal/black color. There's some truth to this. Further, Spencer Pollard, even 10 years ago, said something like (He used to write for a now defunct magazine, but has taken up shop elsewhere with other English magazines) "there is a trend these days of weathering everything up to the eyeballs, without any regard to how the originals might have survived in combat." (It was for a review of a Revell 1/32 HE-162, which frankly, would've had very short operational lifespans from finishing of construction to final disposition).   If you want an example of this taken to the extreme, see Revell Germany's box art models of the 1/32 Hawker Hunter (preshading on panel lines gone *way* out of hand), or their 1/32 Hawk T.1A (preshading to the point where it's like the mechanics painted black rings around each drop tank.)
Future is allegedly designed to be self levelling (it's floor polish, after all, the original users, people with hardwood floors, would hardly spray this stuff, use a mop or something like that), but where possible, I would spray it.   For your woodworking project, OP, take a sample and test it.   my F-18E has it brushed on using a wide brush (about 1/4th inch wide, it's a model a few inches wingtip to wingtip).   http://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzzms/brush_painted_1144_f18e_old_project_not_complete/   See also:  https://sites.google.com/site/donsairbrushtips/future-floor-polish  And:    http://www.pledge.com/en-US/Products/Pages/floor-care-finish.aspx
Bottle fed brushes are siphon fed, which means that they generally (but not always) require higher operating pressures, correct alignment of the siphon to ensure proper feeding of paint, and can (but not always) uses more paint.   Siphons/bottle feeds also depend on having a certain MINIMUM amount of paint in order for the feed to work. This means that any batch of paint you custom mix either (1) has to be used up in that single session, or (2) must be stored in an airtight container until the next session. This is not a problem if you spray paints without thinning and out of the bottle, but it's much more inconvenient if you spray a custom mix of thinned paint. Some modelers, even if they know the proper mixing ratios for a particular thinned paint, like to use the same batch because you know that that mixed batch will be consistent with itself, but not necessarily with another batch mixed to identical proportions.   People use gravity feeds because they operate with lower pressures, can use a tiny drop or two of paint. For example, I used to use bottle feed.  I usually had to use several ML of paint and thinner to meet the threshold for the bottle feed. Gravity feed (in a clean brush, mind) requires nothing more than a few drops into the paint channel and some thinner, and that should be enough.   Unless you're coating large sections of a model, you're rarely going to fill that paint reservoir anyway. I use cheap chinese made airbrushes, and find them servicable (but seriously ,get a bettter one if you can afford it). The first one I bought had a pretty large cup (4 of 5 ccs, I think). The latest one? I bought a 2cc cup because honestly, I *never* spray enough paint to fill it anyway, so why bother?   There are people who use bottle feeds and can get great results. Gravity feed is just a bit easier to use in my opinion. However, either one is fine.
My general order of assembly of the cockpit:   1. Paint the instrument panel whatever color it's supposed to be.  2. Paint the cockpit tub whatever color(s) it's supposed to be.  3. Pick out controls with silver/white highlights, detail paint the controls looking at reference photos where possible, use graphite dust as a highlighter where appropriate.  4. Put future floor polish mixed with the relevant clear color in the radar displays (it's not 100% accurate since powered off screens are black, but it's interesting to look at and a nice effect.)  5. Gloss coat ALL of the cockpit surfaces where decals will be placed. 6. Decal the instrument panel. If it's supposed to conform over bumps and knobs and actual surface detail, make sure to use decal setting solution or it won't stick properly. 7. Wait for the decal to dry. Then flat coat if appropriate.  8. Drop using a very small brush, future into the "glass" dials of the instrument panel.   **The instrument panel should be decaled as a separate part where possible (easier to do it that way, since you'll have the most access to it) and then glued to the final cockpit tub.   Your order is fine. I would leave the instrument panel OFF if it's separate, because it'll make it easier to place the decals (on a flat surface) instead of trying to wedge it into an already assembled cockpit.
I don't think that there's anything to be "careful" about, save for the fact that I (personally) find his political opinions misinformed, ironic, or rather silly. But to each his own. He's a guy who likes building models and does reviews of them, good for him.   I guess it *might* be a problem if you're browsing his site at work, in which case your search history might start looking a little NSFW, or your webpage history if he hosts any popups. But then again, if you're browsing the internet at work and you don't have one of those super slow jobs where you have ample free time, then you might have larger problems in the first place.
&gt; I've run into complete peaceniks who said I was a war monger for building death machines and I've always responded with "those who forget history are doomed to repeat it."  You might, then, find this interesting. H.G. Wells, famous peacenik, was well known for playing wargames, and some attribute the modern wargaming with miniatures in part to his efforts. Of course, he also wasn't always a pacifist either. Point is, even pacifists play with war toys, and those who criticize it, well, that's their business.   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Little_Wars  See also the open source copy of the book:  http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/3691   Again, the point is, doesn't really matter how you justify it. You can be a peacenik and still play with wartoys. But that's what they are, and no amount of rationalization will get around what the subject ultimately is.   Also, while I would personally find hanging up a nazi flag strange, it isn't *that* strange if you think about it. It's not all that far from memorabilia collectors hanging up flags of various military units, displaying medals, and god knows what else.   Think of it this way: you really think someone who LOST their side of the war would so favorably view say, an American flag hoisted up in some militaria collector's house? Or a Rising Sun pennant? Or perhaps a flag from the Crusades?   It cuts both ways. This hobby in one fashion or another replicates many, many war machines, and for whatever reason, many, many *GERMAN* war machines.   https://archive.org/details/littlewarsgamefo00well
Unfortunately, the best answer is a local hobby shop, if available.   The one I use next is usually Megahobby, or I just loop it into large orders. Freetime Hobbies I might also have done once or twice.   Supplies, unfortunately, especially paints and  solvents generally must be shipped by surface mail, so they are slow to arrive.   HOWEVER. For whatever reason, if you like AK, Vallejo, or Mig Ammo products, those are available in large lots on Amazon, or in individual "booster packs" as they are marketed these days (e.g. "Allied Tank Colors" or "German Panzer Colors" or "Panzer Aces Colors Pack."   Because those paints are waterbased, they tend to be available for fast shipping.   For Tamiya, Enamels, and similar, expect to wait for surface shipping. Some places might ship them at low prices, but genearlly, when ordering supplies online, you would probably be best suited to come up with either a piggyback purchase, or buy at least several at once.   For me, I have Amazon Prime and I can get AK/Vallejo paints shipped via two day. I can't get that for Tamiya paints, or at least, not without paying extra. See e.g.   http://www.amazon.com/Vallejo-Colors-Model-Paint-17ml/dp/B009LQPSBA/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1435217235&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=vallejo+air
You can probably use it as a wash. The reason why people tend not to use the same paint for their wash as their primary layer is because the thinner will attack the paint. If the new layer (washes, filters) do not chemically react in any way to the cured paint underneath, that's what you use. The rest of it is just whatever artist material/pigment carrier is easiest to work with or has the most desirable working properties.   Would I recommend doing it over a layer of acrylic? Not unless at minimum it's sealed with a coat of future.   The alternative is also to use watercolors, which is what I use. I hate messing with oil paint because of the smell, and while the drying time is an advantage and the translucency is also helpful, it's infinitely easier cleanup (and easy rework) with watercolors. Just make sure to use a drop of alcohol or a touch of dish soap to break surface tension.   Short answer: yes. Long answer: you're probably better off trying to find something other than the actual paint you're already using to wash it, because if you mess up, you'll end up using solvents that would strip off the underlying layer, or risk interacting with the cured paint.   Alternatively, try a commercially available enamel wash.
The airbrush I use costs about that much. There are some compromises.   1. They are definitely not precision machined, at least, no more than is absolutely necessary. Expect less precision, more slop, not as finely polished surfaces. (In fact, if I were to buy another one, the first thing I'd do is open it up, diassemble it, lube and polish all parts I think would interfere with the trigger and valve).   2. They need to be kept religiously cleaned, and require more maintenance per session. Why? My theory is that the less precise, rougher machining (and some design flaws) make it easier for paint to catch onto rough surfaces of the nozzle, needle, and tip, making tip dry a bigger problem than with other brushes that are more expensively lined.   3. Are they servicable? If you keep them religiously clean, clean them and strip it down each session (the nozzle, needle, tip, nozzle head), then they work just fine. But if you don't clean it, it will jam a lot faster than everything else.   4. Spare parts are "expensive" relative to the cost of the brush. It's rarely ever worth it to say, buy a new needle, you might as well buy a new brush and have some spare parts.
If anyone else does differently, please do chime in. I am *not* saying my method is best, but that's the one generally recommended as far as I know, and it's the one I use.   My bottle of set hasn't left the shelf in a few years.   The order I use is this:   1. Build the kit, prepaint whatever parts you like.  2. Prime the model, usually with Tamiya sky gray because i use acrylic paints, fill, sand, etc.  3. Apply preshading, if needed.  4. Apply the base color coat.  5. Postshade, if you wish.  6. Polish if the paint is rough, but this is super rare.  7. GLOSS COAT. I use future floor polish, but acceptable alternatives are spray  gloss coatings, gloss varnish, etc. Wait for the coating to dry. 8. Decal. Use either future, or microset (if you want) as  the surface preparation, then after decaling, hit the decals with Solvaset or MicroSol. After the decals have dried, use a brush and water to remove the decal setting solution residue.  9. FLAT COAT, this is where your matte coating would matter. Sometimes, prior to this coat I also use another coat of gloss or future to help blend the surface together a bit. 10. Weather.  11. Seal with another flat coat if I want it.
Fill gaps and seams, then shoot primer. The primer coat will then alert you to any remaining imperfections and seam lines. Fix those, resand, then reprime.   It may well be the case, yes, that multiple coats of gloss and matte do affect the color a bit, but I find that the effect is small enough not to worry about, and worst case, some people account for this by either using slightly darker or lighter paint (i.e. mixing in a touch of white or whatever). I personally find that the effect is nearly nil, so I don't bother with it, I just gloss then decal then flat, and it looks fine. The only tonal variations I would use is for preshading and postshading, or to introduce shadows into corners and things like that.   And yes, they do take priority because you're likely to just sand off the primer anyway when you're done filling and sanding the gaps.   I don't actually use real primer. I use XF-19 sky gray because I find it to be easy to spray and work with, and I know that the paint I'm likely to use (Model master acrylic) will adhere to that without lifting when I mask complex patterns.   Primer is best sprayed, or done with a paint that is very good for brushing purposes.
ALL the things.   Statistically you'll see aircraft from me more often, but I build anything. Planes, ships, cars, tanks, rockets, model locomotives (working or otherwise), sci fi, you name it, I'll probably consider it.   The only ones I don't really like are anatomical models or similar.
For the jamming problem:   Always spray thinner (alcohol, in the case of Tamiya acrylics) after cleaning.   Each time I use that brush, I remove the the needle, clean that (usually a rinse is enough unless you waited too long), run water and alcohol through the paint cup, clean the nozzle (after detaching it). To prevent jamming problems, I would do this EVERY SESSION. This is what I mean by more tedious maintenance. It doesn't take long, but it is annoying.   Screw it all back together, then blast a bit more thinner through it.   Q-tip and alcohol to clean the dried paint in the cup.
Gunmetal for WWII era, unless there is an intention to weather to incorporate mud, heavy mud, snow, etc. I happen to think many models unless situated in a diorama are too heavily weathered (in the tracks) so I generally leave it to look somewhat worn, but also not coated in mud.   Nato black/gunmetal highlights for modern era tracks, again subject to exceptions for rust, heavy mud, snow. Nato black for the track pads, gunmetal/jetexhaust/steel for the linkages. Guide horns and the like in modern armor, if not in muddy situations or heavily worn, also in gunmetal. Grayish wash occasionally used for worn rubber patterns, but easily overdone.   Rinaldi in Tankart 3 (whose talents are far beyond anything I can do at the moment or have inclination to do), one example:  Dark steel/gray mix, followed by heavily thinned rust colored paint, randomly applied via a sponge. "Planned" randomness is useful. Looking too uniform becomes very obvious.   It looks very good.   As for me:   Wash on completed track sections and road wheels is typically a mud/sludge wash of payne's gray/raw umber watercolors. Sludge/gray washes are also used to highlight road wheel hubcaps, etc.   Pigments are ground up pastels, largely of the same shades with some variations mixed in.   Some highlights, esp for WWII models (also used occasionally on gunbarrels and gunmetal surfaces) are ground up graphite from pencils, and occasionally, directly applied by rubbing the tip of the pencil against wear areas.   My armor models tend to be lightly weathered, and I don't slather on the pigments and oil stains.   Washes typically used include:   Mix of Payne's Gray/Raw Umber into a mud-like color, which is a subjective, case by case determination. Some rust-colored drybrushing, but rare, and almost always in reference to a reference photo.
This is an old project I just took some photos of.   1/72 Revell Nashorn, painted in standard dunkelgelb with some preshading.   It's a bit shiny because I never bothered to apply a flat coat to it (I was still messing with the weathering and the like when I stopped working on it). Just taking some new photos of it since I saw it on a shelf and it'd been sitting there for a while gathering dust.   The book below it is Michael Rinaldi's Tankart 3 for modern armor, which I recently bought. It's a very good book. A bit expensive, but recommended.   The kit itself is very enjoyable to build, but is also very delicate, which for someone like me who prefers building, is actually preferable. Lots of very small parts that can easily be broken or damaged during removal from the sprues. The gun and tracks constitute the vast majority of the parts. The gun itself is probably a good third to a half of the full parts count of the kit; the  tracks are a mix of link and length, which were tedious to assemble but fit very well.  Yes, I am aware of the damage to the gun shields. I didn't realize just how thin they really were, so the flush cutter damaged them and I decided to leave them as is.   Washes are done with a mix of watercolors, and graphite from pencils. Colors used were raw umber, paynes gray, and occasionally, a touch of burnt sienna, but it's largely too bright to use.   Tracks are gunmetal with graphite highlights. I didn't put much rust or anything to them before stopping the project.   The wheels are a bit messier than I'd like, but this was an early attempt to try to use circle templates to paint road wheels. I was and remain less than impressed. It wasn't that much more convenient than painting it by hand, and the results were far less precise.    Paint order:   1. Tamiya Sky Grey primer coat.  2. NATO black preshading and shadowing.  3. Sand Yellow layer with 50% thinned paint.  4. Future Coat, then decals. The Solvaset reacted a bit with the future coat, causing some clouding, which was solved by spraying another coat of future after waiting a day for it to evaporate out a bit.  5. Second future coat.  6. Watercolor washes and graphite highlights. Silver drybrushing on the periscope.
Very nice! Looks like a pretty complex build.   In case you're ever interested in smaller scale ships, the 1/700 Slava Cruiser and 1/700 USS Momsen is also very good. The latter includes photoetch for the masts and some railings.   Ooo, the Z-38. I bought the 1/700 equivalent, took one look at the box and went: "okay, I can't bend this 1mm fold for the ladders or masts.." (puts it away).
Ah, sorry to hear that. I'm glad to hear that it wasn't the shop I was thinking of though, out in the east.
I was asking you that question because I thought a shop I went to was going out of business. The address you mentioned is nowhere near where I thought it was, so my shop *might* be safe. It's listed as permanently closed on google, though .
I like the sotar, but I do detail painting and fine line work. It has relatively low capacity for an airbrush, but has very fine control.   It is not a beginner's airbrush, and needs careful maintenance to prevent damage. It's really more for illustrators than it is for modelmakers.   I used a G23 prior to that (yes, I use cheap master airbrushes). I would probably recommend an Iwata CN (they retail for about 50 dollars on amazon).   I did not, however, find the difficulties he mentions. I've put undiluted tamiya through it, though Vallejo didn't work that way.   That is not recommended practice, but just a counterpoint. I echo, however, that it's really not a beginner's airbrush.   I also did not find it particularly hard to clean; in fact, usually, I just flush the cup with solvent/water, and then spray until clear with solvent. I use mainly tamiya, model master acrylic, and vallejo on occasion.   Until the Sotar, I was using a Master G23, which requires a very extensive takedown process each time. I also used for a while a pointzero 2cc airbrush, located here. I would recommend not getting a crown cap if you do get one.   http://www.amazon.com/PointZero-Precision-Dual-Action-Gravity-feed-Airbrush/dp/B004KNBVVK/ref=sr_1_3?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1451782104&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=pointzero+airbrush+2cc
The Sherman. The reason is because you can get away with a much sloppier paint job than you can on that zero and still have it look decent, it's also arguably simpler, because that's a one color tank plus the gunmetal colors for the MG.   Supplies can be had from Jan's Hobby Shop, upper east side, NY.   I would recommend a can of spray primer (tamiya), then a bottle or three of Model Master Acrylic paints, which brush well if you don't want to airbrush.  I painted this FA/18E (in 1/144 scale) using model master acrylic paints.  https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/2yzzms/brush_painted_1144_f18e_old_project_not_complete/  This is much slower than spraying and airbrushing, though.   I live in NYC as well. I am really slammed at work right now, but if you want to talk models at some point, PM me.
As my tag says..build *all* the things.   I have preferred scales, but I build any scale whatsoever.   The inconsistencies does occasionally lead to "why did I do this" questions, but what I plan to do is put them in display case(s) by scale and theme. When I shift scales, I tend to have a theme in mind, or a reason why I want to do that in a larger scale.   For example, I would have several 1/144 aircraft, but in that case, the reason is because I have a model of an AWACS and I want its fighter escort to also be built; in that case, building in a larger scale would make it too large (or flat out impossible) to display.
I have maybe three times that in inventory...I think I might have a problem.
That also works, to be fair. Without tools that's just what I have to do. I usually flush the paint cup before I even do this, so that's something I probably should have mentioned.   However, if the needle travel is limited, then eventually, you do need to remove the needle. Just remove the needle after spraying the brush clean.
Maybe you got a bad one, because fit seemed fine. The only hard part was the conformal tanks. However, it does have tight fit tolerances on the fuselage (particularly the nose and fuselage/intakes join) that requires very precise fitting. I fit it by pressing the nose and rear fuselage together with the force of a table. The airbrake fit might also be better, but otherwise, it's a pretty easy to build kit.   Further, plenty of modern kits have canopy seams on the top edge, including for revell germany kits, and is particularly common on modern, 1/48 scale or larger aircraft, allegedly becuase it allows the slightly bowed out shape of modern canopies. Those are easily polished out.   But that's fair, maybe later moldings have poor fit. Just look up reviews online,  but the revell USA strike eagle is one of the more modern offerings aside from the super hornet, which also is quite good.   See e.g.   http://www.scalemodelguide.com/construction/techniques/remove-scratches-defects-clear-parts/ (discussing the Revell Eurofighter and seam removal)   Compare:  http://www.hyperscale.com/2011/features/mirage2000b48me_1.htm (noting that "*Blown canopies* in model kits require slide mould technology and usually leave a seam line down the middle of the canopy that has to be removed").   See also, on a Tamiya kit, no less:  http://www.hyperscale.com/2008/reviews/kits/tamiya61101reviewbg_1.htm
Brand new/super sharp x-acto blade, carefully shaving the part. It's very slow, very tedious, but doable.   Sometimes, that's not enough, in which case I sometimes switch down to either a one of those square razor blades, which are even sharper, or a surgical scalpel (hobbyist version; I use swann mortons out of the UK and I use them for instances where the part is very delicate, the blade needs to be absolutely razor sharp, etc. In fact, I usually don't use the swann morton in everyday use because it's kind of wasted for regular cutting; an x-acto will do just fine).
1/48 Revell MQ-9 Reaper, apparently formerly of Skunkworks models. Easy to put together, mostly good fit, separate wheel hubs and tires (makes for zero masking to paint the wheels, which while easy, is also quite tedious).   Super quick to build, highly recommended. I hear the prop is actually in the wrong direction, but this is a quick fun build, so I won't bother fixing it.   This is after about 3 hours of work; preshade in NATO black, top layer is a Tamiya light gray, which will be followed by a light blue dusting, then XF-19.   Yes, I know that's not 100% accurate, but again, it's "close enough" for a weekend build.   Also, I'm using it to experiment with multiple color shading, so it's not super important that my model match a paint chip.   Paint shot through a Badger Sotar 20/20. A very good brush, though not really for beginners (it's really cheap on Amazon, I picked it up over the holidays), good low pressure working characteristics. Paint is undiluted tamiya acrylics, selected because honestly, it's the easiest to use, best adhesion, and dries quickly.   Up next is the underside coat, blue shades to the upper side, sky gray/FS light gray colors on the topside, gloss goat, and then decals. Hoping to complete the airframe over the weekend. I couldn't care less about when the bombs and stuff get done; they are of little to no interest to me and many of my models don't include ordnance.   The other project I'm working on is a Stug III (the anime one), but a morning of bending little brackets to the correct shape tested my patience, so I switched to this for a while.
I used to use them. Good adhesion compared to some acrylics, and when thinned, sometimes easier to brush paint. If you're in the states, easy to obtain, as most stores that sell models (even non-hobby) tend to have a rack of enamels available as craft paint.   Otherwise, I switched to acrylics long ago. The smell is really bad, the cleanup is more tedious, and it's even worse to airbrush, though some people swear by the results. That is to say, it airbrushes very well, it just has a noxious smell and I live in an apartment.
I actually repainted one of these a while back; there's enough detail to make it worthwhile.   It's not modeled on any tank in particular and the number is fictional, but it makes it look a little less absurd.   https://www.reddit.com/r/modelmakers/comments/3gj0v0/172_tiger_i_repaintairbrush_practice/  It's actually a pretty nice toy and has fairly robust electronics for something so cheap.
I liked civil procedure, so maybe not the best. If you ask what a 12b6 is though...
My freehand camo needs practice. Not too happy with it, but it's probably "good enough" for a weekend build where I'm trying to simply things, not obsess over every last detail. Comments are welcome once again.   http://imgur.com/USrTnT7
Thanks for the tip; I might be interested. PM me regarding cost and such.
He's a cottage industry manufacturer. According to him, that's a day's worth of resin kit production. I seem to recall he also does design work generally for models and custom products, and this is a one man shop.   This is why resin costs more; the mold costs are a lot cheaper, but the production time is a lot slower than just injecting plastic into a steel mold. I have that hovercraft, and it's a pretty nice kit.   http://www.gwylanmodels.com/
Yes I remember you mentioning that. Not casting aspersions at all, just that usually this sort of thing is usually referred to as cottage industry.   And congrats! Do post some of the stuff in that new shop of yours. I have your zubr and like it, haven't gotten to it yet.
Yes, the Eduard kit has proven more frustrating than I planned; I think I've sanded down the intakes at least three times and applied more filler to try to get it right. I soon may hit the point of diminishing returns though, and in a way, it's more a testbed for future builds/fun build, so at some point I may just decide to put a limit on how much more time I want to spend on this project.   Are there any sanding tools/tricks you think would be helpful to share that the public at large doesn't know? I will definitely get to your LCAC eventually; I've been slow lately due to work and other obligations.
This is a slight update of the Eduard Mirage III I've been working on, as well as some metal paint experiments that I'm seeing. This kit is proving to be fairly troublesome for me, though not necessarily because of the kit.  I live in a small apartment with very bad ventilation, so using a lacquer like Alclad is a pretty bad idea. I also currently don't have any metallizers or anything else, so I decided to experiment with what I'd normally do: use an acrylic metallic paint, polish it, coat it with future, etc.   This is technically the first coat; it probably needs two more plus a layer or two of gloss or future.   Actually, this is an object lesson in quitting while you're ahead. I've made quite a mess of this tonight, and it will take at least two more coats and maybe even stripping it all off to do it properly.    Thoughts on the metal color? I'm not convinced that the final coat will work that well. The final product is supposed to look like the underside of the F-15E, also included in the album below that used a similar process.
I made very little progress on my Mirage III; the photos show a black coat, followed by a highly unsatisfactory silver coat, and then a gloss coat.   It will probably need another two silver coats and two more coats of gloss; the paint is Tamiya silver, which will be polished/wet sanded, then coated with two coats of gloss or future.   The goal is to get it to look like the bottom side of the F-15E in the rest of the photos.   Why no metallizer/alclad? Well, I live in a small apartment with poor ventiliation, so spraying lacquer in there is pretty much a no-no. Also, I wanted to see what the limits of polishing acrylic paint might be.   Comments regarding (1) how to improve the coating, or (2) whether the F-15E example is a decent natural metal finish based upon available materials would be welcome.   ***The reason why the F-15 is there is mainly to compare the metal finish of the engine bays and seeing if that's adequate for a bare metal finish for the mirage.
I make Heller stuff. Their oldest stuff is not great, but their more recent offerings (this is relative, it's decades old) isn't super terrible, just simplified, and they do offer some interesting subjects.
Oh, I'd forgotten about those. I'll pick one up the next time I'm in an art store.
Also, I have so many works in progress because I get bored really, really easily, and like really complex kits.
Same. I use upgrades like railings and ejection seats, or instrument panels. I tend to avoid big conversions because lets face it, my time is limited and the last thing I want to be doing after work is filing down that cockpit set to fit. I do it occasionally though.
I usually stick with one or two manufacturers whose paint i like, use conversion charts, and if that's still not good enough or its oddly specific, buy the particular brand of paint called out in question. That actually is pretty rare though.    Over time you build up a stock of paint that you usually go to. I use a mix of tamiya and model master acyrl, and rarely feel the need to buy other lines except where I want something specific, or it has some quality I want, e.g. better metallic paint.
In that case, what kind of cardboard/supplier?   I used to use illustration board for architectural models, or museum matting board.
There is a guy out there who used 3d printed masters to make rc scorpion/scimitar in 1/16 that he offers as a kit. It's not unheard of, but until the finish on the parts is better at more reasonable prices, 3d printing still isn't quite there yet. I think with electronics, it costs around 600 USD.   I might buy the kit later this year but it's quite an investment.
https://starshipmodeler.biz/shop/index.cfm/category/165/maschinen-krieger-mak.html  A US importer who also happens to run a good sci fi models site. Well, it used to be better, anyway.   I personally want the Krote, but that is a ton of money to shell out for a robot that isn't even a foot tall.
I'm being conservative. Usually I get them for 6 to 7. I live in an expensive city.   Also, I almost never use spray cans. But I won't say that you can easily get them for five.
Nope. Long island, new York.
PM me as to what it is you're looking for...I don't keep track of these things but I'll keep an eye out.
Model master acrylic is good paint, as long as you lay down a good primer. I use it all the time, along with Tamiya. It's also a good brush painting paint, again once you lay down primer.
And I will point out that I am not affiliated with any of these individual users, or their websites, or the listed websites.   Best of luck.
I would check out themodellingnews.com. It provides product updates, and also some good quality builds on occasion of a variety of subjects.   Plasmo plastic modelling (on Youtube) is highly regarded, and he's very good; and fast.   No, it was supposed to be hard edged camo. The contrast should have been stark; those were two very different colors (if I recall correctly, in early BF-109s, a straight lined, dark gray/dark grayish green) with stark contrasts. Blending them together makes no sense; if anything, you entire model seems looks almost "blurry" in visual effect because of overuse of blending.   The panel I am talking about is the one right before the left side's exhaust stacks; it's the square shaped panel, which part of the canopy protrudes over. It's on the left side of the fuselage. Look at the upper left, and you'll see a curved area of visibly darker shading that makes no sense.   Masking canopies is tedious as all hell. Next time you buy a eduard kit, buy a Profipack; it'll include photoetched parts occasionally, sometimes some resin, and most importantly for your purposes, a canopy mask set which is tape that is precut to shape.   What i use for canopy masking is Tamiya tape (you can also use bare metal foil; a self adhesive foil), and then, with a brand new, razor sharp blade, I use the blade to cut through the tape. It's a delicate job; you need only apply enough force to feel a certain "click" or feeling you've punched through the paper, and that's all. Regular tape is too thick for this application, and Tamiya tape is thinner and is more tolerant of handling.   http://www.swannysmodels.com/Canopies.html  It's a tedious, boring, and annoyingly irritating pain in the ass that is totally unforgiving and requires that you be absolutely right. Also, you need to be gentle, or you'll scratch the glass. To be blunt, an entire model that is otherwise perfectly executed can be completely ruined or made completely pointless by a ruined canopy. Unless you're building something where it logically wouldn't be there (like a wreck). These days, I find the exercise so tedious and annoying that for anything below 1/48 scale, I seriously would purchase masks for all of those, and above 1/48 scale, even then, given my limited hobby time, it's actually worth my money to pay for the masks.   Also, I emphasize that you need a NEW or razor sharp blade for this.
