Because it's WDAZ and everyone working there is 22.
That's because she was a lesbian so they always flirted with the fact that she was a dude.
Honestly though, having read the book, this is a great casting. I read it before they announced that there was going to be a movie and the entire time, I thought of Donald Glover for that role. The nerdy cool guy who just kind of hangs out in the background and then comes up with THE plan.
Thanks! But don't you have any other technology than VHS?
Clearly you've never been to Chicago.
At the time, the CGI was solid. It's all we had man!!!  But yes, I remember going to MKA the day after Thanksgiving with my dad while my mom shopped. I was disappointed but not as much as I'm sure he was.
I really liked FGL. And then I saw them in concert. It was a good performance but you could tell they were high and maybe drunk.
Bacon hung dong in Wild Things too. For Matt Dillon and no one else. ... The 90s were a strange time.
I used to play video games until I was about 28. That's when life took over.   Wife, kids, hyperactive dog, job with way more responsibilities, more time needed to care for my physical appearance and well-being now that I'm past my prime. It all adds up. And while at the end of the day, I'd love to play Madden for 3 hours, what the hell am I gaining from it? Is finishing Star Wars Battlefront going to make me a better person?   I also feel that games have become too expensive and force you to be far too engrossed in them to enjoy them. It's why I always tended to buy sports games. I didn't have to spend 5 hours playing them to accomplish something.   I am afraid that I'm going to have kids that beg me for video games and that they're going to become loads in high school like I was if I give them whatever new gaming system we have by them. And worst of all, I'm going to want to play it too. I want my kids to experience nature, get good grades and exceed at life.
Sorry to hear you have trouble kissing someone. And your friend was actually probably a little weirded out that you didn't kiss him but you sucked his cock.   No matter. You seem to be OK overall. You just need to see a therapist and get past this hurdle and you'll be right as rain.
Went through this recently during a water line break.  Get hands dirty fixing something after the water has been turned off.  Better go wash my hands.
As a North Dakotan, I watch all these snowdiving gifs and videos, then I wonder how they handled their hypothermia and/or frostbite.
I'm a republican and these guys can go get fucked by Obama's small black dick.
Chick, who at 14 was already a stunner, basically threw herself at me for months and I didn't act on it like a stupid 14-year-old.
Marrying the woman I'm married to and not making a move on one of my good friends who still looks at me like she wants to have my babies.
Did the same at 15 on a flight that was less than half full. Came back to my seat and my parents were like "are you OK?" They thought I got sick. Apparently my face was also very flush.
I'm just happy we're finally giving Dragan a chance. Someone got to Earl and told him "Don't leave the #4 pick on the bench when you're terrible. Just play him. Who cares?" Turns out he's decent when allowed to touch a basketball.
Stay at Teddy's in Watford. It's fairly new and has a bar/lounge that rivals one in any major city.
You have a smart father.
Everyone is bitching about the customer here. But as a server, you have to read your customer as well. Are they old fashioned? Call him sir and call her ma'am. Are they young and hip? Be casual as hell with them and they'll appreciate it.
He actually masturbated with Gerald while naked in a hot tub during a meteor shower party.
Jesus Christ, put us all on Mountain time like we're supposed to be then. The sun doesn't come up in Bismarck until like 8:30 am in the fall and winter and the sun doesn't set til like 10 pm in summer.
Yeah, The National Anthem sucked me right into this show and started a binge.
Custom on the spot? I did not know that. Next time I'm in state, that gets added to my list of stops.
I'm a Trump supporter and I try to remind my fellow Trump people as often as possible that once upon a time Monica's blue dress was considered "fake news."
I stupidly bought Guardians without the digital copy. If anyone has an extra they'd like to share, I'd be very appreciative.
It's not awesome that I look out the office into the dark at 9 am like some Alaskan.
If that person is the same age as me (male, early 30s), I hope I never interact with them because they clearly don't understand the significance of that day. That day changed the world and set us on the course we are currently on. I was a senior in high school. It was the scariest day of my life up to that point -- particularly because we were all are of draft age and had no idea what the future held for us. Thank god it didn't end up that way, but i will forever try and educate people who throw around 9/11 as a joke that it was an incredibly serious and devastating event.
This actually happened to me once. Was a girl who had a kid. She didn't date anyone because she had a great job and tried to balance her kid too. She literally had no time for a boyfriend. We talked a lot and hooked up a couple times but ended up going out separate ways when I realized she would always choose her kid and job over me. We are still friends. But I've moved on and have a family while she remains single and seems to go through that whole song and dance with other guys a couple times a year.
Yeah I'm a Trump supporter and even as a hobby photographer I looked at this and went, "Huh, this is odd." It's unique. That's all I can say about it.
I was just kinda being saucy because it seems like most of our "heroes" from Marvel movies were busy protesting this past week.  However, I feel like a lot of them don't realize or care that millions of us who watch their films (and buy tickets to their movies, their action figures, etc.) voted for the people they don't like, and we don't want them telling us how stupid we are. It's beyond insulting. I love many of them as actors but I feel like they're so insulated from their fans that they don't understand why so many of us don't care to see them out there doing that, and are seriously considering not watching their films anymore because of it.
I worked for a newspaper, there's no money in charging you to buy a newspaper. And also, they do kinda do that. It's part of why the Sunday paper costs more. Because it costs more to mail with all the ads.
Not much to do here in winter bud. Try us in the summer when it's not so ... white.
Yeah people forget Brady grew up a 49ers fan.
So I once looked up who she was dating. That Patriot made me ashamed of what I have done so far in my life. In summary: She's so hot she basically dates Captain America.
Western North Dakotan here. South Dakota Mines is legit as it gets. They are basically the MIT of the Midwest.
I have actually studied the JFK presidency and this is what I tell people: Just because he got killed doesn't mean he was a great president. He could have been but he had a lot of problems as well. He had more than one affair too. Marilyn was just his highest profile affair.   And yes, I am a Trump supporter. I did pick a side. Your argument is invalid. And when you call a person 12 on the Internet, it's pretty clear you're close to that age.
I man enough to say I stand corrected.
Where are you from fellow North Dakotan?
I would have stood up, said "this class is racist against white people and you should all be ashamed," and marched directly to the administration office to file a complaint.   Beat these fuckers at their own games. That's what they would do to you in the reverse situation.
I am a r/the_donald member and have an English degree. The number of spelling and grammar errors on that subreddit aren't any greater or less than the rest of Reddit.   Also, you guys are really reaching and it's getting sad.
When I joined Reddit a few years ago, I learned very fast that my conservative opinions had no place on r/politics.
D2 is FAR superior to Juco. I used to be a sports reporter and saw many Juco guys flame out fast at the D2, D3 and NAIA level because the organization and game-planing at the four-year level was just so much more superior and intense than it was at junior college, where they were there to basically play ball, get Cs and play organized street ball. Often, the talent couldn't translate to the more organized system.
North Dakotan here. Ours are going away from the Indian Chief to simple one of the entire state. It looks terrible and the old Indians are upset about it.
Drive anywhere but ND sometime. We have great roads. Seriously, go to Montana.
North Dakotan here: These boys goin' fishin'. Can't go hunting until at least September. There are rules.
We have inherited many of these from my parents. They are made so much better than the Tupperware today.
I'm a 49ers fan. He needs to go play in the CFL on the eastern side of Canada where his socialist communist liberal attitude will be appreciated.
Took my kids to the zoo.  Saw a wallaby.  Asked if his name was Rocko. They said no.  I sighed.  My kids looked at me confused.
I was hoping for Thornwell or Bell.
