When I'm physically tired I fall sleep so quickly. I do exercise in the morning. Stay up and active until my body tells me I'm tired. Have a long warm shower, snuggle under the duvet, reddit for a bit, then I'm out!
The fact that I live on the other side of the world from where I was born, but can be back there in less than a day, have friends and travel all over the world, and at the push of a button have a free video call with anyone in the world that has a connection. We are so amazingly connected, it's mind blowing.
I live in Vietnam. Have western sized feet. My shoes are imported. 3.5 million dong on average. But they're good shoes.   Anything cheaper is generally terrible for your feet.  ( when I lived in Canada too )   Shoes are an investment in your feets happiness!
All this talk of smells of your SO. Ugh.  I'm single.   Vanilla.
I think having an Asian fetish is ridiculous, and not appropriate, but I have a height thing. I prefer tall men. Mines not so extreme though. I know men who WILL NOT consider non Asian women, and it infuriorates me. But I might infuriorate short men.   Edit an s
I'm going to open a pancake cafe ( flour, milk, eggs, baking soda)  specializing in fancy pancake art, by using a squeezable bottle to make shapes while pouring it.   As the chef, I won't use the topping, but syrup, fruit, and jams will be available at your table, if reddit allows.
I had a motorcycle with that name once.
I'm not usually attracted to people I can't have a conversation with, so, yeah, in my case it's usually just them not being 'into me like in any way.' ^^good ^^times.
I know. I'm in the middle of trying to figure out why I don't think I deserve to be happy.   Avoiding the hurt taking risks *might* bring, but...ensuring hurt anyways.   Thanks brain.
Yep, agreed. Not easy to do, but... I am actually working on this.
I most likely live on the very opposite side of the world as you.
Thanks. It's funny ( but not really, at all) that I literally have to practice telling myself this... You deserve to be happy. One day, I'll believe it, I swear.
Maybe if you pretend to not be attracted to me, and I pretend to not be attracted to you... It will work out somehow. Well get past the sabotaging ourselves stage, with the relationship intact!
So you can judge me based on my appearance? I'm not bad looking. And I am a really good person.
A restaurant is what it would be! You're right though, if the toppings aren't allowed on top of my four ingredients, I'd skip the baking soda, and replace it with Nutella.
I don't fit nicely into any of those boxes, and I have no childhood abuse or traumas or anything that would warrant them.   Mainly, I think it's just due to me unconsciously not thinking I'm good enough for some reason. I have lots of friends, I am a good person, people like me. I don't know why I do it.   Anyways, thanks for the insight. It's interesting.
Water polo. Get naked in the pool, yo. Fit men treading water naked? Yes please!
I just had a dinner party, and I made a roast leg of lamb, roast veg, and chocolate brownies. Looking around a room full of other people happy, and laughing together and full of my food makes me so happy. Smiles every time!   Edit: Lots of other little things too...  Children's giggles  Sunsets  Thunder and lightning  A freshly washed floor  A glass of red wine   Manicures and pedicures  Someone else doing my ironing  A cup of coffee  Feeling pretty  A perfect hit in tennis, when the thwack sound is just right  Freshly washed sheets  Bubble baths  A good book.
My hometown in British Columbia is famous for hunting. The biggest mountain goat that was ever hunted in the world that was recorded was in the mountains outside my town.
I saw Jude Law once while walking in Primrose Hill. He is such a beautiful man.   Naturally, I looked down when I walked by! :-/
She lied to me and betrayed me about having feelings for the guy I also had feelings for. Feigning support while pursuing him behind my back.
I teach Year 1. Do not baby your children and think you are helping them by solving all their problems for them (social and otherwise), carrying their things and tying their shoes, etc.   They WILL go out into the big world and they will not be ready if you have not taught them some sense of responsibility. It can (and should) be taught early! Before they come to my class!   It makes my job so much easier if they have at least had some sort of experience with this.
When I smile, one side of my mouth goes further up than the other and that eye squints more than the other. Basically... My face is more asymmetrical than most, and I will never meet the typical requirements for beautiful.   Luckily, I am atypically beautiful anyways. Kinda. Maybe.
Boil and bake. Yep. They're delicious. I am trying to post pics!  We'll see if my wifi comes through for me, or not.
I will never be without bagels again! So excited. ( they are hard to get where I live).
It's been so long I honestly don't even remember. Maybe... Horray, sex!! Usually, for solo stuff, I don't think. Just focus on the feeling. Sexual meditation!
YouTube my favorite songs.   But, getting bored of reddit doesn't ever last long.
A day without coffee is a grumpy day.   Same goes for a day without Internet.
You cannot answer the question without making swooping generalizations.   However, I know a lot of men that are in denial about just how much their penis rules their decision making.   I am not fooled.
I keep some in the freezer and they act as pretty good ice cubes in Baileys.   You're welcome.
I have done something similar in my class before. Not porn ~~( thank fuck)~~ (thank *no* fuck) but an image with swearing in the caption. oops.
Me too. I can do it from time to time. But... Holy fuck. I'm tired after.
My class are 7 year old ESL learners.   'Ms Whoneedsyou, what does fuck mean?' Is not a question I want to answer.
Does he think my labia are too big? ^^not ^^even ^^joking
I'm tired just thinking about it!
i will check this out. but not at work!
I live in Vietnam.
I don't wipe when I'm peeing. I just drip dry.  Toilet paper lasts forever at my house.
All of my internal organs.
Crosswords and stuff. Jk. Retired. Used to be a regional manager of water and land pollution prevention for my provinces government.   My Dad is amazing. I love him so so much for all the things he did for me, and continues to do for me, for all his support, unconditional love, and cuddles. I'm a daddy's girl for life.
I bought a house.
I, too, love bagels. I recently learned how to make them.   Everything in moderation.
It's absolutely terrible. Feels like you might die. For me... It manifests this way... Increased heart rate, hot flashes, throat closing/ tightness around throat, gag on your breath. I sometimes vomit, or have diarrhea, or cry, or all 3.    They are so terrible because the symptoms can overlap with other things, and then I panic about panicking, because I had a panic attack symptom, even if up until that point I was not actually having a panic attack. Well... I am now.  Good times ( not so much).   I am pretty good these days at breathing my way out of them before they escalate. But before I figured that out... Fuck, they sucked so much.
Really, really tired of being alone.
I'm tall. I saw it.
Wine. A bubble bath. Chocolate. Sex. Meditation.   All.
Canadian here too! I didn't know that though!
I didnt sit because ... Cold bum... But, I ran my finger along one of the slats. it was quite pleasing. :-)
Toilet paper. Meh. I go without easily if I have the little hosey thing. ( I live in Asia)   Their mobile phones. That shit would drive people insane.
It's just my normal brownie recipe, with a special silicone shot glass baking tray. I'll link ya.
