But this 15-year first novel is going to make me rich...
That's one abusive relationship.  In college I met a lot of "Started this novel in high school" types. And a lot of "restarted my novel in high school" types.
Independence Park has a farmer's market. It's along Irving Park and Springfield and held on Sundays.
Waiting for One Piece to finish has kept me alive for years.
&gt; I hate having to fake happiness and I might as well get good at it   I don't recommend this. Faking happiness really doesn't get people to like you. It makes you more tolerable on a superficial level of interaction, but can actually do damage when attempting to form real relationships.  As for your problem, some people might be waiting for you to give more of yourself to them, to show some vulnerability. Sharing problems isn't usually about finding solutions. It's about finding things in common and building social rapport.   A normal person complaining about their problems is not the same as a lonely person wanting to share more of themselves. The two types of people have completely different understandings of very similar behavior.
Hit me up
Perfumer by day, writer by night. I like the cut of your jib.
Dang can't a guy pass out on the beach without photos being taken
A shitload of these apply to me.   I am destined for greatness.
I'll be in the neighborhood come August.
Do you stay near water sources? How meticulously do you budget your caloric intake?
Hit me up.
Honestly I am not sure. But for reference I'm 6'0 and have considerably long legs.
The DX 35mm is great. It's like old faithful for me. Great for some quick draw street photography on a sunny day.
You're right, I'll just have to invest more time into testing these lenses out. I'm saving up for a huge trip next year, which is why flipping the Tokina is so tempting. The Sigma is also faster, so I might end up using it at night anyways. (If only I had money for that Tokina 11-20 2.8!)  The Sigma 17-50 is a very good lens for its price. I take mostly urban/street photography though, and rarely 'proper' portraits, so  I often find myself on the wider end of things. If you shoot Nikon DX like me, you could always grab the Nikon 55-200 VR. It's cheap and sharp, and I know a lot of people shoot portraits with longer focal lengths at f/4. I guess it all depends on your needs. I'd go crazy if I had to swap lenses every time I wanted to go wider than 28mm though!
I have a D5300 with fortunately has an articulated screen. Time to take lots of test footage.
Honestly my prime lens is so sharp there's no perceptible difference from f/2.8 and up.   And, yeah, usually some area in the middle will look sharpest. [Ken Rockwell has a chart here](http://www.kenrockwell.com/tech/focus.htm). Ultimately the only way you can know for sure is by testing the lens yourself, since there is always going to be variation.   There's also user skill... tucking your elbow against your torso to gain stability, holding the camera well with both hands, etc. It sounds like a no-brainer but it took me months of practice just to hold the camera properly in a natural way.
I am proud of this photo I took in Taiwan a month ago.  https://www.instagram.com/p/BTYfazyBQTo
I was arrested in Jordan after someone accused me of insulting the king. The accuser was a local Bedouin at Petra who ran scams on naive tourists. Earlier that day I had interfered with his racket, preventing a confused Japanese girl from handing over 30 Jordanian dollars.   I returned to my hostel at 9:00 p.m. and found him and his friends waiting outside, smoking shisha. We shouted back and forth a few times. I ended up in tourist police custody.   The tourist police held me for 8 hours. They interrogated me slowly in bad English, and at random intervals burst out with "DID YOU INSULT THE KING?!" I told them I didn't. Then they transferred me to the real police station. I was to stay there for an indeterminate period of time, until the governor of the area had a chance to meet me and decide my legal fate. Which was probably not good, since I had pleaded the fifth (right to remain silent) half the time. But the Kingdom of Jordan cares little for the US constitution.  Fortunately I was released around 4 in the morning after a high-ranking officer strolled in, shrugged his shoulders, and told them to let me go.  The cop who arrested me gave me a half-eaten stem of grapes and drove me to the center of the sleeping town as a dust-storm rolled in.  The story goes on from there, and there were a lot of details I left out. I plan on writing a book about my experiences one day.
My finger slipped I swear.
tfw you spend 30 minutes in comp games just to draw
I think it depends on the hero you're playing. I like Tracer on Volskaya B but Anubis B is annoying as hell. In general I hate attacking Anubis. Something about that map breaks Plat brains on attack.  If you want to win your gold games on 2CP, just convince your team to run the cancer pantheon - Symmetra, Torb, Brigitte. Everyone ends up with 450+ hp. It almost never fails.
I'm out of LULs. Me BibleThump now.
I'm scared
I walked out of TFA disappointed, but entertained. TLJ had the audacity to be boring. It killed any motivation I had to see future Star Wars films.
she's actually gold. Lvl 900 mercy maim
I got mei :3
Wait, you're not supposed to try it for 5 minutes straight? Shit.
"Mcdonald's doesn't even have royale with cheese here!"
I GOT SO NERVOUS WHEN EQO WENT PHARAH
Grav sucked my brain out my nose
yea I meant to type SBB but my brain farted
i voted for him in the all star game LUL
I've been encountering many sub level 100 accounts lately just not giving a fuck. There's an influx in alts or something
I had no idea he played against the outluls lol
Taimou actually stated he stayed in on the Philly game because AKM was unwell. He hadn't practiced the maps but still perforemd well.
Trade completed with /u/JoshAntal_.  Traded my $45 Paypal for their $50 Amazon Gift Card
"Ok let's try now."  Rolled and SMOKED my doggies. Better luck next year.
His back can heal now :( rest up finland's gift to esports
What's sad is that the top level Genji and Tracer players can still get along and have fun, but Hanzo &amp; Brigitte are so severely punishing for the skilled but not extremely dedicated players who hover plat to diamond. I started trying out Hanzo for shits and giggles and was getting SO MANY HEADSHOTS while barely trying at all. Unfortunately I just don't enjoy the hero.
It's sad to think this might be the last time we see Misfits play together.  RIP!
I have a feeling we'll be missing some fun players next season BibleThump
It was a tough ride, not gonna lie.   Thanks Mike for making the difficult decisions that led to this great stage 4.
Time to see NYXL take off the training weights against my favorite team monkaS
a few months ago
He's going Zen if JJonak ever gets sick
AKM has practiced for it more. It took Taimou a lot of time to remember who he was though. I guess we'll never know.
I got confused
Normie society freaks me out. The pattern of responses people are expressing on that page feels so foreign to me.
Leather Jacket (which I will never be able to afford)  Messenger Bag  Gloves  Soft shell Jacket
