Can't they jailbreak it? Source: I know nothing about phones.
I never heard of this game. I LOVE arpg's. I'd play the hell out of this. It looks great.   Thanks for doing the giveaway.   [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
The opposite, been playing since Game &amp; Watch. I just grew tired of FPSes. I have played a bit of Left 4 Dead (the first, and never the second), but the picture of L4D2 looks like a third-person isometric game, akin to the early Resident Evils. L4D2 is an FPS, no?
Well done.  As someone who's allowed for an exception to the no-cheating policy (i.e. forgiven), don't ever allow for an exception to the no-cheating policy. You'll end up regretting it.
Ooh, I like this offer. Nice giveaway OP.  I'd most want Ori and the Blind Forest, but going with your theme of stretching your dollars, I'll stick with my recent request for Oddworld: New 'n' Tasty, since it's still on sale. The reason for either game is the same really. I love platformers, in all shapes and sizes. I love exceptional ones like Super Meat Boy, puzzlers like The Swapper or The Bridge, action ones like Guacamelee, stealth ones like Shadow Faction, and beautiful &amp; tough ones like Ori and the Blind Forest. My [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut).   As for the person I am closest too, That's an easy choice for me: my wife. We grew up on opposite sides of the globe, speaking different languages, yet are nearly identical. Surprisingly, our values and cultural upgrading are very similar. We care passionately about all the same subjects, love the same music, and enjoy the same aesthetics. We have the most heated and outrageous arguments, but even those are great. She's incredibly intelligent and insightful and challenges me on a daily basis. I respect her as a partner and an equal and now, can't imagine my life without her. Before, I was just dating for companionship with no interest in lifetime commitment. Meeting her taught me why people get married. So we did. :)  Sheen nyen kwuy lu (my wife taught me how to say it, I taught myself how to spell it)  Thanks OP.
I practiced my mom's signature and just signed whatever I needed myself. Anything less would've tipped her off.
I never called it a documentary, though it does document the lives of three indie developers. Likewise, it's meant to be inspirational. Stories of three (+teammates) devs that persevered through hardship and personal ruin, 'cept John Blow, of course. ;)  It's about inspiration. Success always has a tiny sample size. I'd much rather watch a doc about them succeeding, then me failing.  [Or you could just watch this. :D](https://youtu.be/nuHfVn_cfHU)
I have to admit, that's half the reason I linked it. Despite all of his controversy, I found the video surprisingly sincere and earnest.
Did you mean twenty two years ago? I remember playing it too, also around a clunky CRT, but it must've been around 1993.
I've watched the video numerous times, but I never quite understood what it was supposed to be about.
Oh, lol. I'm thinking of the right game though, right? I never played return to wolfenstein. Ok, I see what happened.
Thanks to advice from /u/delti90 and [his awesome guide](http://anthonythomas.io/tag/gba-macro/?pow=datea), I've been enjoying this little toy all week. He also makes and sells these if you can't do it yourself.
The point of removing the top screen is to make it more portable, lighter, save battery life, likewise none of the games play on two screens.   The original creator did it because of a broken screen. I did it for the reasons above. If I want, I can reattach the screen. But I already have a 3DSXL for DS games.  It's incredible how much more playable and balanced the system is without the top screen.
I use gbaexploader.
I opted to 100% it. Great game.
I won't lie; I clicked for the butt. But I came away with something infinitely more profound.
I woke up my wife laughing to this, you fucker. 10/10 would read again
My bam stick brings all the boys to the yard.
Ahhh, I had the original MGS3. That's great though. Maybe I'll look into playing it without having to rebuy MGS3.
This is an awesome giveaway idea. I haven't played a single Fallout, but that's going to change with Fallout 4. I can't wait to give it a try someday. Good luck to everyone else.
I feel like I remember playing this game on my iphone years ago. Or at least, a game very much like it? Same aesthetic, etc. Is that possible?
I had no idea. I thought it was just a port of a simple mobile game. I love platformers. I consider it a specialty of mine.  Favorite indie game... this is a tough one. The stuff coming out the last two years has been incredible. But I'll go with Super Meat Boy. The commercial success of SMB, and Braid just before it and Limbo after, for me and I think a large part of the community, paved the way for indies. It proved 1-5 people could make a huge difference. That the love and passion of individuals could be expressed and well received. It pretty much blew up after that. And we've been benefitting from it ever since.  Thanks for the giveaway op.   [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
My first concert ever. I was 13. It's been downhill ever since.
Don't lose hope. A lot of indie developers are showing it love. Super Meat Boy will be coming to Vita (free for PSN+ people) and several kickstarter projects are building vita ports, most notably Bloodstained, IGA's comeback creation: https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/iga/bloodstained-ritual-of-the-night  Irony is I've been in the market for one of these. I'm trying to get the PCH-1001 with OLED screen. :(
I stopped after the "golden hour" nonsense. It's been genetically proven that some are born with a predisposition for long days and late nights, as opposed to early to bed/early to rise. While others are sleeping, I'm working through the night. Go ask a doctor about the golden hour. Lol.
Her name is Caleco ;) they're bonded sisters.
Wildstar would be great. I was a wow player for years, but many of my friends left for wildstar. I never joined them and this would be a great opportunity to do so.
It's probably because I'm on reddit too much, but the more indie games I play instead of AAA games, the less I get burnt. And if I do get burnt, it's over $5 dollars, not $80.
Hi Charred Grass,  Wow, at this pace of gifting, you are heading straight for the ranks of /u/last_minute_hero and /u/maximumdan . Kudos! I seriously applaud your efforts. Without further ado:  [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)  [Dex](http://store.steampowered.com/app/269650)  May 8th (the day after it came out)  I am furthering my already deep knowledge and first hand experience of metroidvania and rpg side-scrolling platformer style games. I recently cleared Ori and the Blimd Forest and omgicantsayenoughgoodthingsaboutthatgreatgame! Dex actually takes it up a notch, with a kind of non-linear, open world, side-scrolling, rpg platformer set in a cyberpunk world with a female protagonist. I mean, there are just so many buzz words there that excite me. Talk about potential for a great game. In some ways, it feels like a combination of VVVVV, Cave Story and Flashback. With full controller support to boot.   I couldn't say I "deserve" the game, nor can I promise to be the most qualified poster here. I can say this though, and that is: A game gifted to me (like the ones before, save two (not my fault!)), will be thoroughly enjoyed, adored and completed. I am a lover of all things gaming and dare to call myself a connoisseur. Also, I fully expect that after so much time on GOG and with so many games A. I can't/shouldn't make requests anymore and B. Every game is potential the last game I am gifted on here. Thanks for one more chance.
I'm on mobile. Did you really just give out gold like that? Awesome!
Heading home to check the underside of my cushions...
Thank you. I'm sending this to my mom.
Nice. Gratz. I know the feeling. I had to restart after EE. 70 hours gone. 100 in now.
Gratz on the games, but really, gratz on getting such a thoughtful Santa. Putting thought into a gift makes all the difference in the world. Getting sent all those puzzles to decipher is one of my greatest dreams.  Thanks for posting all this too. Great read.
You can use a trainer to switch the stats and traits around. Skills you'll have to find and learn. Small price to pay versus having to restart (I've restarted four times easy).
I just bought my Vulture in Diaguandri after selling my Cobra. After outfitting, I barely had enough for one rebuy. My trip back to my preferred hunting ground was 20 jumps.  I basically fuel scooped at every star I could, but there were times I hit three dead stars in a row.   I've never used fuelrats, but I had the site open and ready in case I couldn't make it. :D
[This is the first and last time I went without a fuel scoop](http://i.imgur.com/g3CBkZT.jpg)
For me, the 1:1 model of the Milky Way is worth the price of admission alone. Hell, I got Horizons too and I haven't even bothered to install it. Flying around is enough for me.  With open-ended games in general, it's always best to make up your own objectives. I learned this from years of MMO playing. Pick your own best task and run with it.   For me, I have one goal (for now). It's to get to Sol. First, I fell on bounty hunting as my chosen profession (though I started as a skimpy trader). I'm Allied with Federation, just bought my Vulture, and am 30% towards my first rank. And mind you, I have NO idea what I'm doing.  But I love that about the game. I still remember my first Frame Shift Jump. Trying to figure out how things worked and how things relate to each other. After that first jump, I was like, "Wow! I think I just opened up a wormhole!" And that first time I opened up the Galaxy Map and zoomed out. Jesus Christ.  As an avid and lifelong gamer (and NOT even a particular fan of space sims), these are experiences that no other game can afford me. When I want a story driven narrative or twitch gameplay, I go play something else. When I want to keep order in the Milky Way Galaxy, I play ED.   Oh, and I don't even play multiplayer. Just Solo Play on a TV with a wireless gamepad. I don't even have a HOTAS! lol.
I use the same for both. Worked out that way. Lucky I guess. :)
I love crosswords. Grew up on the nyt crossword. Love will shortz.  That was incredibly fun. Thanks for that.  [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)
40 hours a week, no benefits, $14/h, CPA preferred  wtf are they smoking?
Can I get one? I actually like the Dirt series.
I can grow a beard, but I won't sport one just because I don't like what they've become.  Does every bartender need a beard and two tattoos with an obscure t-shirt?
I'm horrible at this game, but I'd love to participate if you haven't reached the max already.  [Steam ID](http://steamcommunity.com/id/nomnaut)   Signed up as nomnaut. :D
I thought it was going to be her wedding ring. I still carry both rings with me.
Yup. With no penalty. I also only play solo. Like a single player game.
/u/resrep and I had an insane match! We were toe-to-toe the entire time. Every goal was hard fought and never came easily.  In the last minute, I managed a one point lead. This game was so close, that that point should've been the nail in the coffin, but in the final twenty seconds, resrep evened the score. And into overtime we went.  From the start of the bell, we had at it. Three minutes of pure battle, and it looked like double overtime. Then resrep took a longshot straight for my goal. I got lucky and made a credited save. I countered with a dribble up the left side and with resistance from resrep, took a bounce shot. It went in and ended the game 3-2.  Ultimately, we both won, because we went on to play 4x4 with our spectator, /u/acenair836, and had a great time.  In other news, I went on to play /u/angelicgrace. I was summarily trounced. :)
Can someone explain UA and barnacles to me? The ELI5 version? I'm a 75 hour CMDR, but only play solo and come to the boards for advice. I don't know anything about this hunt or what's going on. (I also bought horizons, but stick to vanilla ED for now since I'm still new to the game).
Following the tutorial to a T, I can't seem to get the rackets to affect the trajectory of the ball. I'm using 5.2.3f1 personal. Did something change between 5.0.4 and now to make the tutorial not work? I downloaded the sample files and created a project with those and it had to rebuild it (citing incompatible between 5.0.4 and 5.2.3). Unless that's just a canned message we can ignore.
I didn't know about the symbol!!!!! Thank you!!!!!!  This! Is someone has just mentioned this. Right now, the symbols are meaningless to me. I'll look for the federation icon.
