Interesting they went with the Snapdragon on the Selfie and went with the Atoms on the tablets. If the 10" tablet is any good especially considering it has the new 14nm Atom, I might get it as a replacement for my aging 1st gen Nexus 7. Currently using the Surface Pro 2 as my primary tablet.   Also, FINALLY USB Type C in a mass market device!
&gt; ZenSelfie: I got my Zenfone2 and i dont take selfies. The Phone is great and a flagship shaker for 200-300, depending where you live. If you like Selfies, good, if not, dont bother.  Even if you don't like selfies, having a good front camera is nice. I use my phone to video chat with friends/family all over the world, so having decently good camera helps.
Aoba, Myoko, Mogami are all solid ship when played right. Love my OP Mogami right now :P
You... Stop tempting me to buy a 3D printer XD
I've used both Anker and Aukey chargers/batteries and they all work well. As long as the Anker one says QC 2.0 you'll be fine. And obviously, you need a QC 2.0 compatible phone/tablet as well.
Minefields would be interesting... But I'm afraid half of my random team will die to them for a variety of reasons.
Lol. Fail on my part. Fixed now.
How did you crack the band? I wear it 24/7 and do swimming, running, jogging, sleep, etc all with the band on since December, and no issues.
Ben works closely with designers on ships as he's the guy that originally came up with the ship descriptions and such. Not sure how involved the rest of the community team is with this other than maybe dealing with the marketing/website related things.
Heck, lots of things in the game are names by Ben too. For example, the Graycat was named after his childhood cat. Ben was one of the first people to join the team and has a pretty big impact.
I'm really happy that Foundry 42 Germany is growing and pretty much dedicated to developing CryEngine.   Also, judging by all the optimizations they've mentioned, I suspect quite a lot of us will get better performance in AC and FPS in the coming months.
My primary rig is still a i7 920 OCed to 4+ Ghz. Still a beast and works very well. Gonna upgrade this next year.
Lmao. I avoid chat for the most part because it's the same shit questions over and over again. Besides I have better things to do with my time.
&gt; My grammar does suck so that's valid teach me the ways of the language claim to know?  lol.
Are there even 3D ultrawides? I'm looking at the 34" ultrawides btw. I currently have 3x 22" LCDs in an eyefinity setup but I absolutely hate the bezels so I'd rather have 1x ultrawide + 1x 22" setup with the ultrawide being the primary LCD for gaming.
&gt; Ultra wide would piss me off though as your average video doesn't really use that ratio. I get pissed from 4:3 or 16:10 format even, lol.  Heh, that's why I still have the 2nd LCD and a TV ;) The ultrawide is mainly for gaming and productivity.
Yup. Btw, have you played EVE and/or been a leader in a org?
&gt; Since my girlfriend is on the team too, we could even say I'm in love with it. :)  Sooo when are you and Amelia getting married? And TFTS is invited to the wedding right??? :D
&gt; We both neither want marriage   Does this not impact your taxes? In the USA this has a noticeable impact depending on your income bracket.   &gt; But we're very happy together right now.  :D
Which modules are you using? Also, have you been able to uninstall all the bloat? If you have managed to get rid of the bloat, what's your SOT and overall battery life?  I really like the design and price vs performance of the Zenfone 2, but the bloat and SOT/battery life has been putting me off. ASUS forums and other places are reporting lots of wakelock issues.
Bingo. Ran it multiple times with different priorities and carriers, and these were pretty much the choices all the time.
And the 1GB RAM. I have the Moto G and the 1GB RAM is really starting to show its limits especially with Lollipop.
The 4690 should be more than enough for gaming for quite a while. I'm still using an OCed i7 920 for gaming and it's still running strong. If you think you'll OC get the unlocked version for a little more. Also consider that the price for used CPUs drop like crazy. For example, you can get used LGA 1366 CPUs under $50 now.
Back in the Galaxy Nexus days I managed to get about 20-30min extra SOT with under volting. Pretty big deal when the GNex had such shit battery life.
You're reading the ramblings of someone without much self control and driven by the hype built by CIG and the community.
Thanks. I was just about to ask that same question. That strap does look quite good on the Bambino.
Pretty normal if you do consulting/freelance work ;)
I'll just stick to my $6 feeler gauges :P
When's the wedding? 😛
Mate, if he's in to watches already, just wait until he gets in to cars (if he isn't already) lol. There seems to be a lot of overlap between watch guys/car guys and vise versa.
Yeah the 3M Crystalline has a very high price. It also seems to depend on where you get it done. A buddy of mine in SC got the same exact tint as mine for like $100 less.
Heh, I went from a Moto 360 to real watches.
Yeah, I plan to keep the cars for a while, it's definitely worth it.
&gt; it's reddit meetup day  You're actually going to a reddit meetup?
Can confirm it's the Chantilly area.
Get a G Shock. It's really robust and you can just wash it off after the workout. That's what I do.
You know what the funny thing is? The rich people wear Apple Watches. I work/worked with CXOs for some high profile companies (mainly tech and finance) and every single one of them wear an Apple Watch everywhere.  The exception was really fancy dinners/galas where they wear the luxury watches.
Mate, invest in some Weathertech floor liner. Every single car I've owned have had it and it's made cleaning up messes so easy. Floor liner and ceramic tints are a day 1 buy for me.
Truth in 24. Both the first and second. It got me into cars.  Edit: OK this is more of a documentary than a movie, but still.
Can confirm. Saw one in DC last Friday. It was parked in one of the parking garages near the Rosslyn metro.
Because for some stupid reason, insuarance is quite a lot more expensive for the GT based on my age/location. Like I mean $1k/yr more expensive. That and gas milage. I plan to daily it (giving Corolla to mom, Civic to sis), so with a ~450-500mi per week commute the gas adds up.
There's still a very large difference between the sim and real tracks. I have experienced Summit Point in iRacing and in real life (with a friend's Miata) and they are quite a bit different.
I would make that deal too. At a constant 55 I would probably be home in 30-40min instead of the 60-80min it takes me right now.
Indeed. I am currently using an adapted Sigma 17-50 f2.8 with my A6000. I have to manual focus but that works fine for me.
Aww I read that as M3 and was kind of excited 😩
Lmao. I have to figure out some context to use that in the future.
Call ahead and saying you are making plans to get one in the next 2 years or so. Just be upfront about it and sound serious/honest. Then ask if you can arrange some time to test drive a PDK. I've done this and had no issues getting a test drive.  Also check out if someone from your local Porsche club is willing to let you test drive a PDK.
I have a Scharnhorst and does quite well in it, mainly because I play it kind of like a heavy cruiser. I think I'll just save the XP and see how the French BBs are like.
Yeah, VA requires it too. What I did was get a fold down licence plate holder: https://www.americanmuscle.com/speedform-flip-down-license-plate-holder-manual-10114.html  Then I drilled a center hole in the piece that connects under the bumper so I could re-use one of the factory screw holes instead of having to drill a hole in the bumper like the instructions mention.   No issues with cops in VA/DC/MD with this setup.   This is how it looks: https://i.imgur.com/nJgk8ti.jpg  Folded down: https://i.imgur.com/oY0YA1D.jpg
I wasn't aware of that. Will check it out. Thanks!
