I love pitbulls.
I brought you back up from "0" (like it matters). But you should get that checked out.
Christ thats so pathetic it made me sad. You need to examine your life before you keep trying to shit on others'. Thats not even a dis. Im literally saying that you have problems and you need to get them checked out.
And i thought i was dumb.
I've never noticed his demeanor this clearly.   He doesn't look like a guy who aimed at killing the president and succeed. And thats a fucking accomplishment no matter how you look at it.
I can understand that.
I dont care about the women. I just want the couple behind them to be my grandparents.
I just cant wait to be a father and enjoy talking to kids as if they were people.  Apparently something's wrong with me.  Also staring contests.
I uhhh. Just realized that thats David Attenborough. And the guy from jurassic park is Richard Attenborough.
As my grand pappy use to say; "there are two things in this world you shouldn't rush; love, and bowel movements. And i love taking bowel movements."
As a veteran i am surprised.
I said Im a veteran. If you dont know enough about life to know that THATS your answer then youre hopeless.  Go back into your whole.
Ya, but i actually don't see why you would have to give up owning your own car. Like ever.   I don't need to buy my own bike because my city has bike 24/7 rental stations through out. But do i own my own bike? Yep.
Just had the micro version of that man. Feel like a jenga stack ready to fall apart at any moment. But even so, sometimes all you can do is pick up the pieces and move on.
Your a real pal. ;)
The salmon migrations keep me up at night.
I already voted last year in my current address but it says im not registered. Is there a difference between that and caucus registration?
I just want to be a part of that gang.
It's an honest question considering i cant find anyone else griping about it online.
Dad?
Well now that a smart group of people downvoted me for no fucking reason ill tell you to watch it because it shows how a guy gets help with his anxiety of using public restrooms. It actually helped me.
Thank you. Im too high to figure out what the fudge a colonel fried chicken is.
Im too high for this.
Oh i loved the ever loving shit of it. Bought it twice and played through 3 times. But ya.
Man, she had A LOT of hangover diarrhea on her hands.
Thank you.  I knew i wasn't saying it right.
I miss that game so much.
Sometimes i have a similar experience when even my best friends are at my apartment. I get into an unreasonable agitated state and i just want them not to only leave but to just stop. Stop what, i don't know. Don't know what it is but I've found that playing mental tricks on myself  helps a lot.     I imagine that because of my being short with them or snarkyness I've made them want to leave (i try to do this before it becomes reality). And when i feel remorse (for the hypothetical i created) it helps with appreciating their presence. It flips my agitation into appreciation.
Although it was very useful. In that it helped realize i have no friends.
Until you find yourself having an inner scream fest right?  Try the flip thing. I know for a fact that having someone i know or care about resent me or feel hurt because of me is the last thing in the world that i want.     Part of my problem is that i don't handle unexpected guests very well.    So i use the fear/unwanting of that reality to give my crazy brain some logical perspective. It forces my character to show up.
I miss my grandma.
It's possibly the biggest if not the only reason why people (myself included) are so hung up on 2.
I feel for you. I had the exact same situation happen to me. Except the psychopath I dealt with left the store saying "thank you."
I'm still unemployed because I stood up for a coworker in this exact situation. :(
I just straddle the toliet.
Me too thanks
Wow. I never got that before.
Their family business of making stock company photos is doing quite well.
And shes from Iowa!
*Everyone* loves to go on about biotic this and biotic that but soldier was my favorite. Mind powers are great but you're telling me that we don't have to worry about ammo anymore? *AND* I can vamp up my sniper rifle to be a hand held fucking howizter? Sign me up.
I need to start paying more attention.
And I ain't got no job! How's the doggy daycare pay out? I've always thought of starting one.
Hi jim! Just wanted to say you killed it as Gerry Gergich! In a show with so many incredibly talented people you really make the cut and add such a needed glue. Thanks so much for being such a great part of something amazing.  My question: what was it like working with christie brinkley as your wife?
That's me. I'm not buying the next ME game. Even though I played through the OT 8 fucking times. FUCK BIOWARE.
I like to sleep with my eyes closed!
Me too thanks.
Meh, reality gets tough. But I wouldnt trade depression for blissful ignorance any day. In the end, reality will always be all we have. But I'm just glad you enjoyed it! Also I'd suggest finding a cool new hobby! Cooking helped me a lot.
I was part of that experiment! But Chris Hanson was there and ruined the party.
I'm so excited! I'm so excited! I'm soo scaaared!
I've walked past that mosque at about 2am (0200) when about 300-400 of these guys were getting out of prayer. I was in a sea is islam.
