If you want kids to stay away from something, don't tell them that moms disapprove. When I was a kid, the fact that my mom didn't want me to watch The Simpsons just made me want to watch it even more.
Aw man I'd love either Marth or Robin.  I've been close to getting each one with no success :(
Wow I can relate to that. It's funny, I can now afford to have the top model for most every tech category, and yet I still get excited when I find a deal for a good condition 15 year old Mac on Craigslist.
One of the things I hate about where I work is that everyone is either too old or too young to have kids in Girl Scouts.  I just want to buy some cookies damn it!
I hate that attitude. I worked as a stagehand in college and had a lot of fun. It was hard work, but it's more fun helping to set lights and stage equipment than making food at some fast food place.  There would always be those who want to just stand around and not get their hands dirty because they just want to see a free show.
There is a chain of salvage stores in my area that sells the trash items.  Basically, that TV or shirt that Walmart was going to throw away gets sold to this chain. The store marks it in such a way that you know it was salvage - for clothing, this means black marker over the label, for other goods it's usually over the original bar code or something. It can be a great way to get a deal if you're willing to dig through stuff, when they get new stock they just throw it on the shelves. It's how I got a National Geographic world atlas for $10, and a 19" PC monitor for $40, among other things.
I like it, so far I've played Skyrim, Star Wars The Old Republic, FF 14, and a few other games on it and it's handled them pretty well.  I didn't get the base model though, I got the one with the i5.  It's also a good little Windows PC if you add a keyboard and mouse (it only comes with the Xbox controller). The Netflix Metro app is pretty nice, as are all the tablet style apps.  Basically the same things you do to make the app finger friendly also make it easier to use from ten feet away.  On the desktop I also changed some of the accessibility options to make things more readable from the couch. I made the system fonts a bit larger, and used the option to increase the size of the task bar and windows, again to make it usable from ten feet away. All in all, it's a pretty nice machine and I highly recommend it.  It has a lot of power for its small size, and is still quieter than my Xbox 360.
I haven't had issues with Best Buy with orders for even the more rare Amiibo, I'm sure this will be fine too.
Exactly.  On that human development index map, I live in one of the dark green counties, which is surrounded by yellow counties.  This county is just as religious as it's neighbors, a while back our public school district actually got sued by the ACLU for pushing religion.  The reason it's dark green is because the per capita and median income are both at least $10,000 higher than it's neighbors.  Those Jesus pushing public schools get modern computers and textbooks, better teachers, and smaller class sizes.  The students at those schools are more likely to have parents who are home enough to push and encourage them to perform as well as they can.  Their parents are more likely to have gone to college, and more likely to have professional careers.  They are more likely to encourage their kids into a career track, and can afford to give them assistance if they what to go to college if they want (and they are more likely to want to).    Religion isn't a hindrance to prosperity or health.  Religious people want quality schools, they want to raise their children to live happy, healthy lives.  Poverty is what prevents those things.  Poverty is also not caused by religion.  Most of the wealthiest parts of the country are as religious as everyone else.  Poverty is it's own vicious cycle.  Every cause for poverty is also an effect.  Bad education leads to less skilled labor, who get paid less.  Because they're paid less, they can't afford to pay as much in taxes.  Because the local government doesn't get enough in tax revenue, they can't afford to fund schools as adequately as they should.  Poverty isn't fixed by getting rid of Jesus, it's much more complex than that.  To fix poverty we must first rid ourselves of senses of entitlement and greed and build a society where people's basic needs are considered a human right.  If you ask me, that's a much nobler cause than ridding the world of religion.
&gt;with the exception of the Scott's Tots trainwreck  I love the trainwreck episodes though.  My favorite episode of the show is probably Dinner Party.  It's so gloriously awkward, and almost all of the humor comes from the characters reacting to Michael and Jan's ridiculously dysfunctional relationship.   Scott's Tots is a runner up for the same reasons. This is the same type of humor that made the British version a success, and I think the reason why a lot of fans of the UK one don't like the U.S. version.
I know that, but outside Canada it's just a regular fast food place.  But in Canada, it's bigger than McDonalds.  Probably the closest analogue is that Canadians love Tim Hortons like Californians love In-N-Out Burger.
I have the Alienware steam box, and I highly recommend springing for the i5 one. It's only $650 on Amazon, but it runs everything pretty well. I've been playing Final Fantasy 14 on it every day since I got it 3 weeks ago on high settings and haven't seen any issues.
For some reason, I am irrationally annoyed that he decided to make his announcement for his idiotic campaign on my birthday.
That 4 player achievement would have been easy to get living on campus. When I was in college, I used to bring my Xbox to one of the lobbies, where other people would bring their controllers and we would play Halo 3.  Those were fun times
I didn't know they come with a keyboard and mouse now.  My original model just came with a controller, which was a plus because I wanted to use the Harmony keyboard.
I think some of that was the way the writers would give Reed large amounts of dialogue about being with women (notably the episode where him and Tucker are adrift in a shuttle pod).  The way he would awkwardly talk about women reminds me of the way I would feel talking about sex while trying to "pass" as a straight male, if that makes any sense.
I start to throw up a bit when I see cereal with milk in it.  The milk makes it all mushy and I can't stand mushy/soggy food.
Well, at least from a logistical standpoint, reincarnation makes more sense than heaven does.  A quick search suggests that it's estimated that over 100 billion people have ever lived, so even if only a small percentage of them end up in heaven, it means that heaven would likely house more souls than the entire current earth population, and that's assuming that only human souls are eligible.    If I *had* to have a theory as to what happens to a person after death, it's probably what I would turn to, because it at least makes more sense than the biblical afterlife.  One of the big reasons the idea of an afterlife is because no one wants to believe that a person is just gone, especially children.  I'm all for raising kids without religion, but I would probably try to give them some kind of explaination like that if I didn't think they were mature enough to really deal with loss.
I agree that's the better way to go, but would you explain it that way to say a five year old?  I would think less mature children would need a crutch to start to understand loss.
Has Hyundai said that the 2016 Elantra GT will get the update?  The dealer who sold me mine said it would but I assumed it was a rumor, I can't find anything concrete.
The Cincinnati metro area is in like three counties just in Ohio.
I have a similar use case.  I don't watch video on my phone, I don't really do heavy web browsing either.  I pretty much just use my phone as an iPod that can make calls, texts and do quick web searches.  I keep upgrading so everything runs smooth, but my use case hasn't really changed since I had the iPhone 3G. I've sort of resigned myself to the fact that I'll have to put up with a larger phone, but I'm with you, I would love a the 4" form factor to be brought back with the same internal features as the current ones.  Hopefully they won't make it "last year's phone" like they do with the iPad mini.
In leveling roulette, I expect to find newbies who done quite know what they're doing.  If I'm playing a new class, I might even be that newbie.  As long as they aren't assholes, I don't care if we wipe or have issues during the run.  I don't want to be chasing players away because they aren't performing optimally in Tam-Tara regular.  Practice makes perfect after all.
I haven't logged in to Facebook in a few years now, but back when I made an account, I just didn't select anything the gender field (blank was an option) and it referred to me as "they".  I wonder if it still does that.
The first bit of female clothing I switched to wearing everyday was underwear, and that was when I switched to stalls.  It's just too hard to get your "thing" out to pee standing up while wearing panties, especially when you get them a little tight to hold everything in.
I have a friend who did that, he said all the locals told them they were daft for visiting in January.
Indians who come here are usually pretty friendly though and they bring fantastic food with them.  I've never been to India but I don't understand how it could be so bad.
I didn't do stuff like that when I was a teenager.
My sister had a destination wedding.  I tried getting out of it by saying that I didn't want to spend the money, and then my dad bought me a plane ticket.  So I got to spend the weekend in Maryland in February surrounded by my sister's friends and her insufferable family-in-law. :/  The reception did have a full bar, and I sampled everything, so I guess there's that.
If you still haven't sold it, I'd take the PowerBook off your hands
Eh, I have the regular 3DS XL and I've preordered the Pokemon New 3DS bundle.  I'm planning to keep the old XL so I can swap between them if I want.
I've been considering getting one of those LG ultra wide displays just to have more visible in Xcode.
...I made all of my stuff default to Bing on purpose.
I have serious concerns with putting my data in the hands of someone who's business model is literally to sell it to the highest bidder.  Before I switched completely to Bing, I tried both side by side and for my purposes, Bing gets the same results and I get to feel all good inside knowing that I'm helping to break Google's dominance of internet search.
&gt; laptops are usually bought at a full price  Apple promotes financing options for all of their products, and people do use it to buy more than they can afford.  The reviews online for the Apple Store Barclay card are pretty terrible, mostly because idiots don't read up on how interest deferred financing works.  As a general credit card, it is pretty terrible (over 20% interest).  But if you think of the interest deferred financing as a loan and pay it off within the promotional period, it's a pretty good way to go.  I bought my current MacBook with it, and once I paid it off, they offered me free financing again which I used to buy my Apple Watch.
Back when I ran a public server, we didn't allow swearing, partially because we had children playing (we actually had several people join because it was a good place to play with their kids) but more importantly, swearing can easily become spam, especially when there are children on the server who think the word "fuck" is funny.   Though I would usually give warnings and suggestions for quite a while before actually banning someone.
Not OP, but that's the case for me.   I don't really browse the Internet on my phone and I don't watch video at all.  Having a larger screen doesn't do as much for me as it does when it's easy to hold.
It would be amazing to consistently get long sleeve tops with sleeves that are actually long enough.   It's so frustrating when I find a nice top and it always fits in every way except length.
I was driving in the summer once, going south in the afternoon so the sun was beaming in the passenger side, where my phone was sitting in the seat. It shut off until I moved it to the shade and it cooled off a bit.
I always worry that people are doing this to me.  When people tell me that I look pretty or 100% female, I get suspicious and worry that they're just trying to be nice.
You could be right about the oil change, I don't know much about that stuff, just what the dealer told me about mine.  I don't remember the Accent being sluggish in traffic, then again the car I had before was a first gen Honda CRV.  I also had the Accent SE model, I don't remember if there were any performance differences between that and the base model.
What I love about the 12" Apple laptops is the fact that they're almost the exact height and width as a sheet of paper.  My 12" iBook fit perfectly in a stack of textbooks when I was using one in college.
The only thing I have a problem with is the coating of feces horses leave behind when you ride them in the street.
He changes costume for almost every song, it's pretty impressive.  He's got a table right off stage with each part of the costume laid out, and he changes right there while the video plays.  It's funny, the first time I saw him in concert, I had no idea who he was.  My dad had to work the show and asked me if I wanted to go with him.  I went, I figured if it was lame I would just go to his office and use his computer.  The theatre had broadband and we still had dial up, this was around 2002.  I stood along the wall in the balcony and watched, not expecting much.  But as it turns out, the show was fantastic.  Weird Al is an amazing performer, and the songs are all very clever.  During that show, I went from not knowing who this guy was to a huge fan.    It's kind of funny sometimes how that stuff works out.
I often wonder what I must have done in a past life to merit being born trans in this one.
I was kind of disappointed that they turned Mauville into a giant mall.  I liked it better as a town.
If you live in a place where the online company has a physical presence, then you will be charged sales tax.  I'm still a bit annoyed that Amazon opened facilities in Ohio because of this.
Well I guess I changed it and forgot about it.  It's not really a huge deal though, most users probably should stick with the App Store anyways.  It's not like my parents need any software other than what comes on the Mac.
I went to Video Games Live when it was in Toledo in January, it was a good show but I'm still disappointed that they didn't do Baba Yetu.   But the live version of the Skyrim theme they did was pretty awesome, so it kind of makes up for it.
This is exactly what I meant.  I was suggesting creating a neighborhood of fabulous men in evening gowns and a pound of make-up.  Trust me, I know first hand what transgender actually means.
