I really don't know about this. Usually i am a veery bad critic when it comes to anything I consume through shows/books. My bias towards liking disallows me from objectively viewing how good or bad it is.  From the thread on /r/all, it seems a LOT of people did not like it. This could mean that the audience that did enjoy it is mostly not composed of redditors, but I still feel it is significant. There were many problems they picked out that I didn't notice before, which worries me
I always forgot to use the active anyways or forgot to buy it  justbronzethings
This is really hard for me because the major reason I finally changed was after a very violent set of images/videos from the food industry. Sometimes I am stupid and think that meat eaters are murderers. Just random thoughts that don't let me just accept my decision without caring how other people act.  On the one hand, I would love it if there were more vegetarians simply because of the animal sacrifice. However, I know some people can't because of very complicated reasons. Overall, I think because I was guilt-tripped (?) into it, I need to do it for others to.  Still trying to get over that hump I guess.
I'm Ron bergundy?
We are either too lazy to want to socialize more or too scared to try because of our inexperience. It's like wanting so bad to drive around and go out in a car but feeing afraid to get behind the wheel because you might steer the wrong way, etc.
I want a white Peter Parker and I'm Hispanic.
Me too thanks
Do you have any places online you recommend for eating cheaply as a vegetarian or vegan outside of Reddit?
We are all mc-labs15 on this blessed day
Unfortunately I recognize that I usually regurgitate what liberals tel me, so I wish I was more informed about actual policies. What I do know with more certainty is that the trump has asked for establishment money/support even though he is anti-estab. Also, I keep hearing that Bernie and trump are ways apart from their ideals, but I have the feeing they are closer than with Hillary. I am sorry you are dissappointed again by a bernout who lacks all the info. I want to try harder though, to get my hands on some unbiased news coverage. Hard to come by though, some have told me even impossible
Pls I don't want to start crying again
Lol I'm gonna try and watch that cat woman scene and see if it is as bad as I remember  Edit: yep it was. Jfc..
However there is some validity to what he says. I am a victim of my own pussyness as well
Fuck that noise lol. Shuddering atm
Me too thanks
Me too
We make our own golden statues at home
I am all upvoting reposts and fucking the meme on this blessed day
Me too tanks
We make our own blood at home. My wife uses a rolling pin for her serial killing
I use meatatarian vegetable sauce for my veggebles
why isn't anyone on top of me :(
as a high frequenter of this sub you are sorely mistaken if you believe we shit on their sub or their movies. it happens on the contrary. whenever they talk about reviewing their films they have to bring in ours and how they are mediocre average popcorn flick family fun safe boring generic repetitive bland unsophisticated dog heaps.  also me too thanks
I haven't even begun to peak
Just finished watching it? Not the last last season tho, seems kinda uncessary
this is the kind of content I subscribed for. honestly, this frog is like jesus for me
I've seen that video
Not really. Usually I'll get a sweet coffee drink a few times a month but rarely more than twice in single week. I don't depend on it (yet)
As an expert marine biologist I would certainly add another sea specimen to that list
my Negga
Having friends absolutelynotmeirl
ok i will check them out thanks!
hey its me ur bj
I can super duper relate to your initial story. I have had to awkwardly explain why I feel I have a problem talking with people after describing experiences where I excelled in conversation (relatively speaking). However, these "social successes" are really random and happen sporadically so to speak. I haven't reached a point where I have more control over how significant the conversation becomes.  Thanks for your advice and more about your background. I will try and focus on these things and hopefully I can find some more people to talk to, at least to practice!
Actually I do but particularly modern smooth jazz. Still need to listen to classic jazz
this guy didn't look as 'drugged' up as other people i've seen go through same experience. he definitely looked like he felt every bit of that dull metal. fuck (metaphorically speaking of course, due to blood pressure and loss of consciousness and yada yada)
duckduckgo is my shit
Friends? Absoluteynotmeirl
Get motivated you fuckers. Yo tambien gracias
listening to gus talk in Spanish hurts lol. I don't know if its simply accent or if it's even on purpose but it just seems like it comes out forced
Very coherent points! It seems you know what you want and are able to distinguish your real desires. This is what I want to emulate. Thanks !
Ok  Me irl
I am sorry that you had to witness that, and I hope that other people never have to personally. However, exposure to these types of events helps people be informed, in many ways. It is unfortunate when it leads to traumatizing experiences, but I think with an open mind, they can be more helpful than not
It's understandable how your experience has informed your opinion, and I certainly do not want to come off as insensitive to that. It is unfortunate that you had to endure it.   To give you my view, I occasionally do it because I am able to gain a perspective on my mortality. Now, certainly, after watching two or three incidents, why seek more? I would say then, that there's more to it than just that. There is almost this inherent "interest" that you hear others talk about, and it's almost indescribable. The simplest way I can describe if I tried is that sudden urge to look at a car wreck as your driving by. You know you shouldn't, or you think it might be insensitive, but you do it anyway. That is an urge I have, but it's meant less to "satisfy" it and more to just inform me, although I suppose after a while, you could make the argument that it's due more to the former than the latter, and I would be hard pressed to debate you on that.
I agree. I think it is important to occasionally reconsider the validity of our opinions, and I certainly have to revisit my own. I don't intend to put down your views in any way, however. I happen to hold this a little close to my chest.
Bah I'm heading back to phx end of this month. It's been a while
I identify as a two wheeled pedaling machine you cis scum
Fuck this machine bro. I can never NOT use my biceps instead of the correct main muscle group. Same deal with cable row. Whenever I start with low weight and eventually move up, it just seems like I'm using the wrong muscles again. Any advice?
Honestly I am always on the search for new and related artists (in regards to all aspects of music: vocals, style, elements, etc.), and it has been a little difficult to find other groups who do it just as well.
thanks will try again
