I just want a keyboard that puts comma and period to the right of space. Having those so easy to access is the thing I miss most from android
He changed back to Selfie as according to him there's negative memories/emotions attached to the Kori name for him
Oh, that's not good! Sorry you had to experience that, man
No problem! Summonerschool is great. I've been playing since closed beta and I still find myself on there quite often. I'm Ruran in-game if you ever need another person to play with.
I must have just hit bad times then, I got trapped in D for a good 20 minutes due to how slow traffic was going in and out of it, not to mention the people driving slower than smell hoping that a spot would open.
I talk to Miguel (the guy who runs parking services) fairly often and he makes it sounds like they aren't allowed to ticket until a certain date. If you get ticketed before that you could probably get it dropped.
I consider a 9AM class super early =P. If you're getting there that early then you'd be fine yeah. Past around 11ish the only consistent parking I could find was the park and ride.
He's only human. I'd be a hypocrite too if I was staring billions of dollars in the face
We had a Cris!
Quas made a decision to change his life some as he had been suffering from depression and some other stuff, he wanted to try being more outgoing and confident and etc. In trying to make that change an 'incident' occurred which resulted in his suspension while they sorted it out. Quas then decided to completely retire and pursue a medical career.
http://www.modelmayhem.com/1808997 this is her i believe  source: http://miyashiro.typepad.com/my_weblog/korra/
Matt is nice to listen to. Speaks clearly and with confidence and actually answers the questions. Also his voice is like velvet on my ears. He could be a radio announcer.    Edit: Dominate said "I don't live in the house anymore so I can't really judge." I wonder if that's a sign that Dardoch will be fully taking over the starting position?
I play a game for the game, not the client.
I know, it's a joke :p Denmark produces an insane amount of talent despite it being pretty small
Sorry, I was only able to catch NA and EU this week so I can't really speculate one way or another why he put ahq as s-tier.
Ah yeah I probably should have clarified that he goes by Wolfe now. I edited that into the post. Thanks!
Wasn't trying to claim that at all, sorry if it came across that way. My point was that I see way more EU trash talking NA than the other way around.
Spring 2015 playoffs I believe. I thought they had been reverse swept in the gauntlet as well but I was mistaken and that was a 3-1.
NA tops man...   Edit: God forbid I make a joke that paints NA talent in a positive light =p
The way it's sounding, Scott may be gone longer than a weekend   Edit: my phone corrected SmittyJ into Scott. I'm going to leave it
If he can grow a fro that magnificent he'll be my new favorite player.
As someone on the east coast, 6PM PST is brutal.
Blade and Soul feels just enough like an action game that I start to compare it to them, but it's not good enough combat that it stands up to those games. Something like Skyforge feels more like PSO and is easily separated in my mind from single player games. Every time i've played B&amp;S I just want to go play a single player game with better combat, I never have felt that way with other MMOs. Might just not be a game for me though, as much as I enjoy the art style. I enjoy the minute-to-minute combat of Skyforge or even WoW over B&amp;S
I'm so scared to start any C9 members. If Bunny plays they'll be terrible point-wise
Just completed discrete math. Please no more induction proofs
I think i'll pass, thanks! Regular induction proofs weren't the bad ones really, it was strong induction that gave me nightmares.
Nope, it was COT3100 at my uni
I don't use many 'metro apps' (not sure what they're officially called?) as I mostly use my Pro 3 for note taking in class and coding/projects while i'm on the go. I didn't go for the finger print sensor so it was $130 and with how much I use it i'd definitely say it was worth the money.
I know! It was a surprise to me as well, but a very pleasant one. Fits the 3 perfectly and is many multitudes better.
I'm tall so I've never really had an issue with it on my lap, I have more than enough room for the kickstand. Overall it's definitely less convenient than a laptop in that situation due to the kickstand being required. Smaller people (i'm 6'3 for reference) might want to consider a different device if they'll be using it in their lap a lot. It'd definitely be near impossible for someone short to use comfortably in their lap I imagine. If they weren't trying to do work though they could just unsnap the keyboard and use it as in tablet mode. Getting a lap desk to extend the surface area you could place it on would also be a fix.
Yup! I love taking notes on it. Unfortunately my handwriting is just as bad on a Surface as it was on paper
Oh jeez, yeah I can't imagine it being very usable in your lap at 5'2. I have over a foot on you and I feel like my lap is just big enough that it works well.
What even is this comment? I like Immortals, not sure why you think i'm salty that NRG lost?
He's the love child of Scarra and XWX.   Finally my fanfiction comes to life.
Ah yeah I meant relegated as in they had to play in the relegation tournament, not relegated as in dropped out of the LCS. I apologize, that was poor wording by me!
Probably going to be downvoted since it goes against the sentiment in this thread, but i'm the opposite of you. Been playing since closed beta and for some reason i've hit like a second wind on league this season. I'm enjoying it the most i've ever enjoyed it and I might actually hit plat this season.
Yeah, I've tried the TL forums and some other subreddits but they're just not active enough, unfortunately.
Wait, people dislike LFR? I use it a lot :x
Oh I know, but he definitely hangs around and seems to have an active hand in the team. I imagine he'd be someone to step in and know how to handle a young, skilled but headstrong player like Dardoch.
Yup, you're right. I'm a dummy -.-
Player since beta here. Can confirm I've come back after every break. I've played this long, it would take quite a bit to make me not play
I remember all the comments about how it was Froggen and 4 bad players when the roster was announced. Seeing the team come together is cathartic
Ahh I miss the old Jesse Perring memes. He still works there iirc
Do you still play WoW? I'm really looking forward to Legion. IT KEEPS DRAGGING ME BACK IN
Antenna has been crashing so much for me lately. Every hour. Tried reinstalling and no luck.
Piglet -- a korean -- also picked up his play quite a bit after coming to NA.
I've gotten raged at and met way more trolls in Overwatch than I have in League in the past year. People in Overwatch have a strange obsession with calling others "faggot"
When Piglet was in Korea before coming to TL he was at the low point of his career. No top teams wanted him. He came to NA because TL was pretty much his only option. Last split he was playing *really* well, he looked like one of the top ADCs in the west. That's a big improvement from when he joined TL.
I still remember people screaming about how the Viktor changes would ruin him and he was going to be terrible to play.
&gt;froggen and even is a sven one trick at this point  Are you okay, man?
