If we get the right package.   I do not expect to be getting the right package anytime soon.
SQUATS  JUMP ROPE  LUNGE SQUATS  and remember to ice your knees  that's all it is really  after a bit of training I bet you'll be close to doing [this] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Bwpi-LLv2k)
I was 6'4" at the time of that, 6'5" now and I can't jump as high as back then (I was touching the top of the square back then) but I can get to dunking height much more easily now.
i just mostly did track and field (high, triple jump) but it didn't help as much as just doing squats, lunge squats, and jumping rope. I would probably emphasize lunge squats and jumping rope the most out of all exercises in terms of verticality. Because verticality is a combination of explosiveness and strength; you also can't go wrong with incorporating some dead lifts into your routine (maybe some cleans as well) but if you had to do the bare minimum to reach 10'6", i would definitely stick with lunge squats and jump rope.
Im happy with Booker but I lowkey wanted Portis at 13
Damn I wish I could link that picture of Saitama saying "ok"
#HE LOST FEELING HOLY FUCK  so glad he's feeling better at least.
How people draw well on miiverse befuddles me. My personal accomplishment was drawing a Lennyface for Naughty/Nice Splatfest.
I just got to S after busting through A and A+ (honestly A and A+ were way easier of a time than B+ and A-) and I might have to agree; I'm not really getting better playing in S. At this point I'm staying away from solo ranked and I'm playing with my friends in squad battles, and it's so much damn fun playing this way - and I feel like I'm getting better, too. I feel like it might be a bit of a trope that "oh look you got to S now you're only gonna squad battle so you don't lose rank" that I'm following, but I gotta say, not worrying about the rank of the opposing team... it's definitely really unstressful
nash had a lazy eye too
Devin booker that was sick as fuck have my children
it's surprisingly good grip on the padding of the stanchion. we played in the pauley main court in IMs at ucla and I jumped off of it to reverse my momentum after dead ball was called on a fastbreak and I got some nice air.
August, level 42, rank S30
True. I was at the monmouth game and there was NO energy.
Anyone else here play Undertale? I'm making a concerto piano version of the final boss of the pacifist run's theme song.  I put some progress up on soundcloud (soundcloud.com/kingzzylard)  In other news, I realize I have no motherfuckin game when it comes to talkin to girls. I can get a haircut and look damn fine but it doesnt matter if I just dont know how to talk to girls. Really regretting my all-boys hs education rn.
daddy walton can't leave the west coast due to flying issues regardless.
Damn now I need to go name my mii "Ice^3"
welp I have a new idol to look up to. this guy makes fucking amazing music
Bro im just tryin to levelup gear  I ain't got time for your needless shenanigans
every time i step on the court i need to relearn how to shoot all over again.  Also my body is letting me down HARD. My shinbone is terribly bruised and Both of my calves cramped up yesterday. I'm barely 20, why is this happening.
here in LA for school. wanting to go to arizona for a while now.
i have an andre iguodala shirsey but that's the only shirsey i have. i have barkley, nash, and two bledsoe jerseys otherwise. i've bought a KD shirsey for my sister but that doesn't count for me
i dipped out all of today because i was cleaning my place so that I could have 20 people over to play smash and mario kart 8 while getting absolutely hammered  that's where i've been, i'm normally on these
Well if you're willing to drive to westwood, LA, we are chillin and drinking rn
we all are taking vacation  the team is taking a vacation too, we decided we'd join them
He just swum RIGHT through your ink, that's gotta stink  also I love that you gave him the switcherooni right after he gave you the switcherooni
we just tied minny and we're on a downward swing. If we win only 1 out of 8 games for the rest of the season it's very likely we finish sub 20 wins and land the #1
personally I agree. If we have a good enough package, then yes, everyone else including bledsoe, len, and knight are tradeable.
i know i was doing the shiteroo
Yeah I've been ad libbing it. I can definitely adopt this format; i'll do that for today's post!
I haven't played enough SZ with this weapon to gather enough on playstyle for this certain game mode; I will defer to the community.
thanks! I couldn't have done it without urging from the community
I don't really have a main but I can guarantee that damage stackers fuck my shit right up. The amount of times I've exclaimed "FUCKING LUNA" or "FUCKING E-LITER" is way too high in proportion to the other weapons. The few times I stacked Defense Up, I actually noticed I was coming out alive a lot more because of the damage creep meta.
oh hi there how you doin
Hi! i work at both. I'd say 6-10 for BFIT, and pretty much always after 3 for Wooden.
all i got is da-mage, sorry for my mis-sin, but i've been practicin'
over the last few months, i've realized that only a select few spurs fans are actually *that* bad. most of you are quite nice and courteous. sometimes yall can jump the gun and not realize that your pride can be taken as arrogance, but every good team is subject to that, and we do not blame you.  but I'm sure you guys know who your bad apples are by this point. Can you guys please call em out when they start a-shitpostin?
i'm addicted and I just can't get enough
wait, when did I say i was gonna wear a spurs flair? you're the one who set up the bet.
damn that fuckin stinks. one of my best friends has insomnia and she always looks like a trainwreck.  on my end, i think i have inflamed esophagitis. i made the mistake of gambling *on it and trying to play basketball on top of it when it didnt feel as bad.  now i feel like absolute crap. and every time i breathe / swallow i just feel like shit.
I like to be as quick as possible when running the tentatek. I use a camo hat with 3 ink saver subweapon subs, and then the rockenberg swim speed up main shirt with the krak-on run speed up shoes. I don't fuck around with this, i have a necessity for velocity. A need for speed, if you will. GOTTAGOFAST
YO I played a few games of TW with you! I immediately sent you a friend request saying something along the lines of "I FUCKING LOVE YOUR NAME" and every now and then I'll jump into your lobby.
I splat them, and then i squidbag the FUCK out of them.  and then I do it 4 more times for good measure.
Exactly! When I really start feeling like I can't kill someone to save my life (lol), I switch to this weapon and immediately break even or go 9 and 3 or something crazy like that. It's too easy to grab kills with this weapon.
I find an affinity for a new weapon every damn week. I once said "Man I hate using the Luna and the Bamboozler; the first (and only) times I used those weapons, I went 1 / 13!"  Last week I went 20 and 6 with a Luna (yes it was Tower Control) and I went 7 and 1 with a Bamboozler in TW.  Never rule anything out, squids.
I will deviate to the norm every now and then and pick up the .52 gal / Octoshot Replica in ranked. Good games with those weapons are 15 / 7, 13 / 8, Essentially 3:2 ratios. Great games have included 22 / 6, 23 / 5.  For turf wars, it depends on the lobby, but if I notice I'm having good games for multiple games in a row, the ratio tends to be something like 8 to 1 or 10 to 2. (This is applicable for any particular weapon I choose to use)
I just had one today
we hold the trophy
[REQUIRED VIEWING] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fQbmF0dwW4)  just a poor guy being let down by his teammates while he tries so, so, so damn hard to bring them back up
lol  my biggest gripe is that it's fucking team world vs team usa again. It should be team rookies vs sophomores anyway.
