Kibbles. I found her on a construction site where my friends parents were having their house built. We joked that she would have been dog food if we hadn't taken her home.
Just starting out painting too. I spent this morning putting models together for a few hours before work. Planning to primer them and cure tomorrow, then just do one layer at a time each day before work. Probably have to set some time aside during the weekend for the detail work.
I haven't noticed anything, but the only thing I have to compare it to is WH40K, and those models definitely get sliced like butter.
Rumor has it that he taught the bird to swear because his wife wouldn't let him.
This is my first time painting anything. I know I could still use more colors before I go with some ink.
Thanks, I noticed that when doing the weapons. The insides are a pain to paint.
Its not much different from most other cities I've lived in, just on a slightly smaller scale. It has all the typical stores and restaraunts. The only thing you miss out on is all the major concerts, but theres a few a year.
As a collector (of various things), I cringed reading that post...
I'm still subbed, but I only show up when the new chapters launch. Seriously considering unsubbing. My guild has like 3 players and my raid group has disbanded and quit due to no new content. No point playing a game with nothing to strive for. Plus I played for the community and social aspects, and I'm lucky if there's one other person I know online
I don't think I've been in my ship since KOTFE launched
My parents have Hughesnet. 1.25mbps on a good day, and they're paying almost 3 figures a month. Oh, and its a 475mb/day cap, where the pool refills 1mb every 10 minutes (I did some independent testing). So, ironically, you can play MMOs all day long, but 1 youtube video kills your internet for the rest of the day.
This is actually the last book I read. I have Kenobi, Mercy Kill, and a bunch of other books on my "to read" shelf, but Apocalypse was really the best way to round it off.
On a positive STD test
I lost interest when my friends stopped playing. Another friend started a private server but you can only do so much with 2 people.
&gt;Heading for the US end of July / beginning of august for the first time and for couple of weeks and I was wondering what is the best / tax free place to buy computer components from.   &gt;As I understand, Microcenter and Fray's are the best, but what states impose taxes on computer components so I can avoid them? we will be visiting more than one state but did not decide which ones yet  Google the sales tax for each state you'll be visiting. I wouldn't suggest planning your trip based on which states have no sales tax.   &gt;If I bought from a tax-imposed state will I be able to redeem the tax when I exit the US? (like Euro VAT) ?  I don't believe so. US taxes (sales tax) aren't like VAT (value added tax). The VAT wikipedia article explains the difference fairly well.   &gt;Also, will I face any troubles in the airport by having those components on me (all new in their original package)? I am planning to put them in a carry on case on the plane (When components bought from Germany there was no issues, but not sure if US is the same case)  You'll be limited on carry-on items, so it would be best to put it in your checked luggage unless you don't have anything else to carry on with you.
Call into work. Fuck dealing with the fallout from that.   Then I'd barricade myself inside.
I have a Russian coworker who is $20k in credit card debt, works 2 jobs and says he needs all this to live an "international lifestyle", whatever that means. He has a timeshare he never visits, goes to Vegas for all his vacations, and has multiple "get rich quick" schemes that he's been "perfecting" for years.  *LITERALLY* living the American dream. Meanwhile, I'm $20k in student loan debt and just past the point where I'm not living paycheck to paycheck anymore.
My girlfriend is almost a better shot than I am. She was watching a horror movie and made the comment "if she had a gun, this movie would have been over in 5 minutes." Her sister, a bleeding heart liberal (she's voting for Hillary of all people), said "No, she'd end up shooting through her house, her neighbors house, and kill a little kid."   The disconnect is astounding.
You don't notice it if worn properly. The closest thing I can compare it to is wearing boots all winter, then switching to regular shoes and going "man, my feet feel a lot lighter"  Edit: also, I don't carry mine every day. If I'm just going to work (where I can't), or running to the store, I don't bother. But if I'm going to be out running errands or shopping all day I will. And if I'm out at night (usually dinner and a movie with the girlfriend), then I definitely do.   After the string of movie theater-related shootings a few years back I started getting serious about it, plus I had a few run-ins in parking lots with sketchy people begging for money, and some of them don't take "no" for an answer right away.
Pretty common in Europe too (source: was born in Europe, had dick mutilated at a young age).
A lot. Both my brothers still live at home and are gamers.
Lol, I know what you mean.
My girlfriend was like that until her sisters boyfriend moved in with them. She still does it when he's not around.
&gt;A deranged kid in a country where there are good gun laws will maybe come at school with a kitchen knife and the worst case scenario is that someone gets a bad scratch.   I have a Canadian friends who was stabbed with a streak knife multiple times for refusing to share a cigarette. On school grounds. He was lucky the blade missed his spine/CNS. He still ended up being hospitalized for a few weeks.
Mine did it to a dead crow...
I can only speak from my experience, but this is about as close as the aurora borealis looks with the naked eye. http://auroravillage.com/media/uploads/slideshows/home-slider-1.jpg  If you have some clouds, it blurs it a little more
Same, its been about 4 months for me...
Where I work, we only deal with actual computer equipment (PCs, printers, etc.). We have an entire maintenance department that works on the general electric equipment (coffee makers, etc). I once got a call about the volume on a TV fluctuating, and another about a paper shredder.
I built mine a barn
It's just you. I had a map to a cave and still couldn't find it
I played on one for months, and aside from some issues with pillaring (which was promptly fixed), I've had nothing but good interactions with other players. The worst part was the rubberbanding, but thats an issue on all official servers.
Introduced my family to Cards Against Humanity. My mom won more times than any other two players combined, and we played through the whole box. I saw my parents in a whole new light that night.
No. I'm tired of compromising away my rights.   Before 1934 anyone could buy machine guns without government approval.   Prior to 1968 you could have guns shipped to your house.   Before 1986 you could buy newly manufactured machine guns with government approval. Now you can only buy ones already in circulation.   Between 1994-2004 "assault weapons"  were banned with no impact on gun related crimes.   1986 was the only year gun owners got anything close to a "break", in the fact that traveling with a firearm was made slightly easier by nationalizing a law.
Pandora set to The Cult  I also have a sleep sounds app set to campfire + rain
Kind of odd, but ever cough/sneeze so much you almost black out? That fuzzy feeling when your head starts to settle feels so good, but weird and scary at the same time.
Nope, its Dragon Dance. I've slowly been updating the missing blocks myself (see the Spruce door?)
Fair enough.   For some background, this pig showed up in my yard one day. The next time I logged in, it was in my house. He just hangs out there now with my wolves.
Identifying cars based in the shape of their lights. According to my grandma, I've been doing it since I was a kid.
I'm blaming alcohol.
me too
Apparently I deleted the old pictures. Had to retake them http://i.imgur.com/VrsZ8a9.jpg  Also turned the 2 console chairs into one swivel chair.
I had blinds up and the shelf next to it, but there was a gap and apparently it was just the right angle for the light to hit the shelf.
My landlord replaced the windows last year and since then I just moved my shelves to the opposite wall.
I have 2 grey ones growing up, from bucket sets. I have at least a dozen orange ones from recent sets. I was actually surprised that the new AT-ST didn't come with one.
I'm confused about your comment on the shape of the cab. I used to work for a used car dealership, and every time we had cars delivered, it was by a conventional (nose cab) car hauler. As far as the police using them, every police agency I've seen always left the car hauling to the local tow companies.
Gives my wallet time to recover from the binge-buying I did in December...
waiting for my ep 7 Falcon to arrive on Wednesday...
Oh god, I've been here way too long...
If you're going to build it, buy used. I think I paid $30 for mine.
Young enough that I can't remember. I have sets that are 2 years younger than I am, so somewhere between 2 and 4.
