No. I used to be a woefully poor student and I work hard for what I have. Shopping is a hobby. Everybody liked to look good. I embrace my girly nature. There is nothing shallow about looking good and feeling confident so long as you don't judge others by what they wear.
I work with engineers. Everything that could be simplified requires a long, tedious process. It's all about formality. And engineers are so dry that I feel like I'm in episodes of 'The Big Bang Theory'. And just about all of them wear such bland clothes for function rather than style.
I signed up for Arbitrary Day, Reddit Turns 10, and Disney. My matches are good people and I wouldn't mind being friends with one. And two aren't lurkers, yay.
Ha I've never liked her. I used to be in the minority and would get downvoted when I expressed my dislike of her. And now it's popular to dislike her. She irritates me to no end. I used to find Spencer insufferable but quite like her now.
Britney Spears perfume.  Now that probably doesn't sound that bad but it was from my ex's mother and every year I would get one. I hated the smell and so ended up with five unopened celebrity perfumes at the end of the relationship. Nothing like expecting to get the same crap every year.
My friends don't watch this show. And most people I know talk about 'Game of Thrones'. I'm not into fantasy. I'm a girly girl who likes literature, old films, drama, so this show is perfect for me.
In my hipster uni days, I used to play 'Imitosis' repeatedly. I don't think I fully comprehended the lyrics but I had indie cred for 'discovering' him.
I just watched 'Josie and the Pussycats'. I want to see everything with Gabriel Mann.
Australia.
I got into LK Bennett because I was googling her shoes. I have one pair of strappy heels that are gorgeous though expensive. And Reiss heels are so nice and not hugely pricey on sale but I'm being good. Gosh, for a girl who is into bags I do look at shoes a lot.
I really don't think he's a bad policeman. He's in a difficult position as he has loyalty to the girls but tries to stay professional. And he does do arrests like he's instructed to like with Egg. And if my partner had been hurt by a maniac, I'd be extremely unprofessional about it as well.
I'm so over the Toby circlejerk.  I felt so sorry for him when he first appeared and was an outsider. He's been through a lot, what with being bullied and being sent to juvie for something that he didn't do. He of course got emotional and irrational and joined the A team. I'd do whatever I had to do to uncover the truth about my family.  I like Spoby but I personally feel that Spencer is in the wrong most of the time when they argue. Spencer gets a lot of love on here but she's not a very good girlfriend. She cheats on him and acts bratty when he has to work late and can't bend the rules for her. The way that she acts you can't blame him for being a bit possessive. He does have to work on his communication skills a bit though as he doesn't do well when Spencer is being emotional.
I like the watch. Personally I'd stick to the traditional watch brands so Citizen, Seiko, Tissot, Casio, etc. A watch ought to be classic, not trendy. Maybe get her something with a thin strap.  Michael Kors make popular watches though not to my taste and most girls like Kate Spade. I wore a steel Guess watch when I was at uni that was simple, adjustable, and not horribly blinged and logo'd.
I live in Aus and hope you have me! Maybe try and send it from retailers like Myer, David Jones, JB Hifi, Dick Smith? I bought my Macbook from Dick Smith and the prices are lower than from the Apple store.
I loved Anastasia Krupnik! Thank you for giving me a literary friend throughout my childhood.
Ha, you understand what it means? Always nice connecting with fellow cat lovers.
I find myself missing a colleague who I'm sure liked me and then when he resigned, I let myself like him. I didn't want a work relationship. And nothing happened between us though there was definite attraction there. We could never make it work. Dammit.
Marshall was the one who pressured her into Rome when she had misgivings. And after he persuaded her, took a job behind her back.  I don't recall exactly why he worked at GNB but wasn't it because Barney pressured him by having him buy a super expensive suit? If you're referring to her debts, she supported him through law school and then owned up to her debts later buy selling her clothes. She was willing to divorce him so he could his dream home.  Lily is my favourite character. I hated her stealing things but I feel that Ted blamed Lily for his and Robin's initial breakup.
There's not even that much downvoting in this sub. I've been on Reddit for a while and this is honestly one of the nicer ones with votes. I just don't like seeing threads calling out people on their not very believable theories. Let's not make fun of other people's theories even if they don't make sense.  I hate seeing people make fun of the actor's looks like Tanner's hair, Sydney's lips, Toby's chin, etc.
I accidentally on purpose sent my ex's mother messages meant for him. I was devastated, angry, and begging him to call me. Didn't go down well and made me look like the crazy ex. But fuck him for dumping me over the phone after a four year relationship.
23 isn't old, don't worry about it. I got my first boyfriend when I wasn't much younger than you and I'm straight. And if you don't want a relationship, that's fine. Don't be embarrassed.
My MacBook Air. It just works, amazing battery life, it's really lovely using it, and has better depreciation. I'm not computer savvy enough to be able to program and upgrade whatever so it suits my needs.
Ooh, I want to do 7. But must limit funds as I spent a fair bit on this round of exchanges and I only did 3.  Jewellery and nail polish are a definite. I'm a girly girl and I actually need the stuff. And jewellery might be small enough to ship in a small envelope.
Oh god, I just read your story and like so many others, cried so much. Can you please share anymore photos of her? She's as beautiful as you described and you shouldn't sell yourself short.
I want to be double teamed by Scott Eastwood and Max Irons. Their dads were hot in their prime but they are finer.
I take a lot of photos which can annoy my friends. I smile when I look at old pics and it's a good record for my friends and future family. You can't really regret taking a photo of a future happy family. It's a few seconds for a years of viewing pleasure.
I'm a Melburnian and perma single so not going to try and get the ring. Mildly disappointed that Reddit used this story to advertise their site and then it got picked up by news sites before you had made your decision. You're going go get more people giving you a fake sob story or asking for money. Whilst the ring probably isn't cheap, the money isn't a big deal if it means transferring any negativity that might represent your engagement and giving joy to a happy young couple.
Please recommend me inexpensive dry cleaners that are in the city area. And does anyone here outsource their ironing? If so, what do you pay for it and can you recommend anywhere?
Thanks! I'll check them out. There isn't a chore I hate more than ironing.
I'm a girl and I wish I could control my emotions to not make myself cry. We cry from frustration more than sadness. I've only really known guys to cry from sadness rather than being overwhelmed by little things.
Ha, I couldn't help myself. The Tom Jones song is lovely.
Which state do you live in? I love Australia, just hate how expensive housing is.  None of that is great though it personally doesn't affect me. The politics isn't great but it's not as bad as everybody says. News Corp is awful and I get my news from SBS, ABC, and The Guardian. I've read better articles in the Daily Mail than I have on news.com.au   I actually think that our mental health support is relatively decent, at least in my state. There is community counselling services and whatnot. Our welfare programs could be improved but we don't have as many poor people as say, America. Jobs are plentiful if you live in Sydney or Melbourne.
I honestly want a kitten. Can you please post a pic?
I find this insulting to people who have experienced seeing their loved ones terminally ill. You cannot be a martyr and spend all available time in a hospital. You need a break and it's incredibly insulting to suggest otherwise.  I think most people are passing judgement because of his coke use which isn't relevant.
I find it disappointing that you had to explain skiing whilst your wife was in hospital. A rational person would understand that would have been a tough time and you would need a break.  Hope you're doing well now. It sounds like you're successful and like others, would love to hear more stories.
Do you really think that it's okay? So there might not be any chance of relationship but you do the polite thing by finishing the date. She cleared her schedule and made an effort to come and see him. I've had bad dates where we had no spark and anything in common but I would never rudely finish it abruptly.  Really, it's not like she behaved in an offensive manner to warrant his behaviour.
She specifically went out of her way to see him as she went to his house. They were about to go for dinner and then he told her to go home. What excuse could he make so he would not seem rude? Her food issues are childish but it wouldn't have killed him to get pizza with her. They got along otherwise apart from the food thing. Ending a date over   something trivial is incredibly petty and childish.  If somebody had cut a date halfway because they couldn't be bothered, I would be offended. I always finish a date out of respect and I'm not immature enough to write them off over the first trivial thing I don't like about them.
Good old hipster uni days. Friends and I would one up each other on how obscure how music was. I would listen to some boring music just because nobody had heard of it. A lot of the bands weren't popular because they were boring. Went through the Pink Floyd and The Beatles phase because I was too cool to like Katy Perry and Lady Gaga. I got into the indie scene and discovered Muse, Eskimo Joe, etc before my friends did though.
Ha, apart from the classic rock, it was pretty obscure. I was really into indie music. Muse and Eskimo Joe weren't mainstream when I liked them though.
You haven't said why you think that you're poison so no, I'm not going to believe that you are. You haven't said what's going wrong in your life. I think that you're just hurting and feeling guilty right now which is understandable but the pain will pass. A really poisonous person would have nobody miss them which isn't true for you as Bri would.  If you feel like you've been poison all your life, what got you this far? It seems like you were able to form good relationships and whilst they might not have lasted, you were quite important to them. Just a few people should not determine your happiness and life.  I'm not going anywhere. I may not care for you and be in your life but I'm a stranger and might be able to help you  through.
It doesn't matter if you're unattractive to women right now. You're only 18 so plenty of time for you to get a girlfriend if you want. I don't believe that every single one of your friends is dating or getting married and even if they are, so what. Enjoy being single. I didn't get my first boyfriend until I was 21 and I was thin and cute. You are not defined by the relationships that you do not have so you need to tell your parents to stop pressuring you.  Exercise and better eating will help you lose weight and has positive mental benefits. A job itself at 18 is quite good and very few 18 year olds have career type jobs. These part time jobs are not meant to be long term. You may have cheated but as long as you maintain your scholarship then it's fine. It's already been done so work hard and prove it. You have friends but to combat shyness, perhaps join your school's public speaking and debating clubs.
&gt; No. &gt; no, no.  What used to get you through the day?  &gt; I think you completely misssed the point of everything i said. &gt; The problem is not "gee, in life sometimes you can't be friends with everyone." I am not an 18 year old college student down in the dumps. &gt; The problem is tht I am poison to everyone. When you said, "The actions and feelings of X should not determine your life." My response was "They don't. It isn't "a few" and its not "their actions." It's many, most, and it's my actions and my feelings. &gt; The end.  You haven't said why you're poison or what you've done. I've made it clear that I'm not going to judge you and I'm willing to listen but you haven't told me much apart from repeating that you're 'poison'. I don't care if you've committed a serious crime, dealt drugs, spread rumours, stole, or cheated on someone.  &gt; It's not, "an unfortunate fact of life, gee whiz kiddo, you jsut gotta learn to get back out there, sometimes you are no longer friends but don't sweat it son, you'll pick it up in no time." &gt; This is what I am. i am poison to everyone and everything. There is nothing in my life that would lead me to believe otherwise, and there never has been. This is not "gee it's unfortunate but sometimes friendships just end." I am poisonous toe veryone I am around. &gt; the end.  Maybe I could help you find something for you to believe otherwise.   &gt; i give up. you don't understand. i dont think it's possible for you to. that's okay. it's my fault.  I can't understand if you're not talking to me. Help me understand. I'm talking to you right now and I've got a lot of time on my hands.  &gt; No, I can't. Even if I could, it wouldn't fix anything. I would ust poison a whoel new set of people. I refuse to do that. That's one reason why the gun is my only option.  You underestimate people. You might be 'poison' but some people like that. Some people can help you remove the poison. Live for yourself but don't do this because you're afraid of hurting future people you haven't even met yet.  &gt; (1) It doesn't. I live far from aynthing like that, but (2) even if it did, I wouldn't go. I am pioson to everyone i meet, remember? I would jsut poison a whoel new group of people. Killing myself is the only way to prevent that.  What makes you think that removing yourself from this world won't be more poisonous? I'm talking to you right now and despite you keep repeating that you're poisonous, I don't feel that you are. And if you have that affect on me then it might be the same for others.  &gt; No, they won't. They never have. I wanted to talk to someone, maybe, but only so i didn't feel alone as i'm putting the gu to my head.  As I mentioned, you underestimate people. You're not alone. I'm taking my time to talk to you and you may not think so, but others would to.  &gt; Forget it. I can't explain it to you in a way you would understand, and you don't care about listening to it. &gt; i'm sorry. goodbye  I'm trying, I really am. Help me understand. Explain it to me.
I'm very much into the arts and have been to many, many of these sort of shows. Most people dress up though it's a very accessible show unlike say, the ballet or opera. This show would be quite family friendly so you would get all types. Jeans aren't common at musicals but nobody is going to look askance at you. I always wear a dress, skirt, or tailored trousers and heels. Part of fun of going to the theatre is dressing up though.  I'm going to Matilda though Singin' in the Rain is one of my favourite films.
Yea, Peer Gynt and Ode to Joy were my introductions to classical music in primary school. It was certainly pleasant but I didn't have a strong interest in it. Classical music was background music for a long time for me.   As a uni student, I couldn't afford to go to the ballet or musicals so I would Youtube it. I rediscovered Tchaikovsky and other composers and then went to the occasional free classical concert. My first 'real' concert when I started working was a Joshua Bell one and then I became obsessed.
Why do you want to kill yourself? I looked through your history and there is nothing wrong with being a virgin at 30. Plenty of people go through lives without partners and the older you are, the more likely you are to be committed o relationships. Do not put unnecessary pressure on yourself to have sex or be in a relationship. I didn't really know what I wanted to do with my life until I was in my late 20s.
I just googled 'conversate' as I hadn't heard it before and as it's quite a new term so I wouldn't use it. However 'irregardless' has been around for a while and it was in the dictionary in the early 1900s. 'Irregardless' isn't even flagged as a spelling error.
He edited his post as the original comment was rather confusing. I wasn't sure if the kid was Asian or white.
Odd thing to wait for but if it works for you... Anything could happen in two years and who knows, you could be happily married then. I'm bound to enter my 30s being single which I'm fine with. Being in a relationship is something that I will look at after I achieve some other goals. Age is a blessing. Being older can mean that you can leave behind the baggage of your 20s. Romantic relationships do not define me and they shouldn't you.
And religion is somehow to be blamed for all mankind's problems.   I live in Aus so a lot of is around how stupid Americans are for not having more stringent gun control policies because of so massacres and accidental shootings.
Friend of mine had a phone interview for a senior BA role yesterday. They were looking at paying 55-60k as a package. Now it could be that they were fobbing him off but really?
