I could help again, not sure about the SM though, I'm at 2.9 still.   Edit: just checked, it will work
Same, you only see them if you light the crypt so I sometimes don't notice them
I use a dark infused falchion, as anyway you need 20fth/20int to use the Majestic GS. It's quick, allows you to catch rolls, to backtab your opponents and to finish them when they have low hp.
awww Roenna looks so cute  EDIT: now I'm gonna feel really bad knowing every phantom and npc invader in the game is smiling like a madman trying to kill me
Not a quest, just my own lore, don't worry
I agree, I just forget about it often because I'm doing pve/coop or fighting bosses, and as a result I switch what I've got in my quick access slots.
Not exactly mean, but I was using immolation to make a sun cosplay (literally naked and praising it, like everyone should do it), and I got summoned for an IK fightclub. I also used the self-poisoning of the Sanctum Mace to die faster, so I was loosing health pretty quickly.  When the fighters saw me, they stopped fighting, got closer and started praising too, and casted warmth, enough for me to survive poison and immolation. I then jumped on one of the burning rocks down the bridge, and two of them followed me to their deaths. I was laughing the whole time, it was awesome...
There's not a lot of hackers, I played 700 hours and only saw like 5 of them.
You shouldn't use an effigy every time you die, or you'll run out pretty quick. A bit later in the game you wil find a ring that will prevent going below 75% of your max health when in hollow form.   Right now, what you can do is get the key to the Majula Mansion in the forest of giants from Cale, then in the Mansion you'll find a Pharros Lockstone. If you use it in the area below the Ballista traps near Pate, then you can get the Chloranthy ring, which regens your stamina faster.  If you can, try leveling your adaptability around 10 to get more invincibility frames on your rolls.   Always try to keep some space from the boss during the battle so that you can roll backwards if low on health. Always roll in the opposite directions the attacks are coming, it makes them easier to dodge (except the grap attack where his sword changes color, just avoid it). If you need to heal, try do do it by dodging his attack and walking backwards using a lifegem, the best moment to heal being when you dodge the last hit of his three hit combo.    In my opinion his most dangerous attack is when he does his three hit combo but with the first hit sped up, it's really hard to dodge.   Overall it's a pretty hard boss, but the good news is that if you manage to kill him alone you'll probably get a lot better after that.   And don't worry about having problems in the game at first, everyboy has difficulties at first (took me around 15-20 tries to kill the pursuer the first time I played).   And if you still can't kill him, drop your summon sign, get summoned, help kill him either at the first platform where you encounter him or in his boss arena, and then you'll be human again and will be able to summon people to help you for the fight.
Yeah, probably the place I hated the most in my first Sotfs playthrough.
You can still do it pretty easily, at least I personally can't run to Smelter in Iron Keep without killing the Knights, and I can run to Blue Smelter without killing anything in the Iron Passage.
I was mainly playing on the Bridge back then. Now I agree that most people in the arena have some skill, though I'm really sad everyones follows the meta that much (playing on pc sl150, all I see is rapiers/straightswords/katanas). As a result, I invade most of the time, but it gets boring to fight unexperienced players, though ganks are fun.
Same for me, except I really like using the great club to fight ganks
I must say that when I escaped the ratway with Esbern it was such a clusterfuck that I simply murdered every living thing I saw, she probably died in there then
Marked for Death was my dragon/boss killer on my first playthrough. It's fucking powerful.
I guess I wasn't using it properly then , I'll give it another try!
Yup, having to use a ring slot to cap your build is annoying as fuck. I also use the Ring of living most of the time, which makes it so that I only have two ring slots left (and I also often use Third Dragon in one of those two slots).
I can help, add me on Steam, same name as my reddit account
Mmmhhh yeah I kinda get it now. Welp, guess we'll have to wait for everyone to get the fiber
I'm gonna fight the Sinner again paying more attention to this, thanks!
Nope, was just saying this from memory, so I'm probably wrong
A lot of people think the game's soundtrack is a pale copy of the Dks1's soundtrack, but I think it's just because there are too many bosses to really remember their themes.   I really like the soundtrack too, and I could listen to the Majula theme for hours.
Spinning around isn't always done on purpose, it's just hard to stay without moving the left stick when playing unlocked, so I often do it too even when I don't really want it.   Also, I agree that some players focus too much on playing unlocked when they could be way more effective locked on.
Don't mind me, I just don't like using any meta weapon as they don't feel rewarding to me, but I think I just want to prove myself I'm skilled when I'm not.
It seems like having a fully upgraded heavy hitting weapon when fighting him in NG makes it really easy, with a +5 BKGS I was able to kill the Sanctuary Guardian in one try, Artorias in two and Manus in three or four.
I think water scares me as well. I can go in there, but if I see solething big moving I'm noping the hell out.
My fastest cheese was unintentional, he died off screen in one shot for whatever reason
making the run from gran soren to cassardis all the time gets old though
I'm not saying you suck, I'm saying that it's better than being locked on and that learning it is useful.  The game is faaaar from perfect of course, and I'm not in any way insulting you.
yup, it causes water flickering for me as well as animals running in the air
It bugged out for me once, I think that in my savegame the area is still glitched and still has fireballs falling even though everything is gone
Just so you know if you do get a pc: there is a way to transfer your saves to pc. I don't remember what I used to do so, but it works and it seems not a lof of people know about it.
Yeah, I've got a Gtx970, but using ENBs and graphical mods my framerate gets around 40-50 fps outside, I'm dreaming of playing it at 60 fps.
Yup, but I don't care cause I'm getting it for free myself
On the opposite, this is good news because it *should* be more stable, with hopefully Dx11 and be 64 bit. This means that if mods aren't for whatever reason hard to port, we'll get an even better Skyrim (and for me, for free).  It's almost genius on Bethesda's part, cause it will also push modders towards porting their mods on console as well as they get a free game.  Basically, I'm happy I don't have to pay it, and it could be really good so I'm trying to be positive.
Ah, I use Immersive Citizens now as well. Didn't know it replaced Run for your Lives and When Vampires Attack though.   I've got no real advanced knowledge about modding, I just like to read and dig a lot in threads to check out interesting stuff. Thanks for the kind words!
Black Knight Greatsword. I used it in Dks1, was sad it wasn't in Dks2 ([despite the name this should have been the Syan GS](http://darksouls2.wikidot.com/black-knight-greatsword) but they made it a BK weapon for some reason).   It has a cool moveset in Dks3, the R2 being the same as in Dks1 but chargeable, and way faster, and Perseverance which is pretty useful.  Edit: Also the Zwei of course. But I use it less often.
I can't find it right now, but he said in an interview that he hides behind a shield all the time and progresses slowly
The only time I've had this glitch was when my FPS were above 60. Turning on VSync in the NVidia Control Panel solved it. I don't know what else could be causing this.
Thanks! To be honest that's what I'm looking for, it's gonna be fun trying not to get my npcs killed.
Thank you! I wanted to know if the mod itself was dangerous, I'm gonna try a "realistic" playthrough with survival mods, a mod to save only in beds and this one. Should be fun.
The "Linking of the Fire" ending would lead to a really short Age of Fire I guess (or a weaker version of it).  The "Lord of Hollows" to the Age of Hollows (Aka Age of Men in Dks1 maybe, as Kaathe is behind both?), with their leader having the power of the Flame for himself (whatever that would mean).  And the "Fire fading" ending would result in an Age of Dark, like what we see in the Untended Graves, but the Fire might appear again, maybe like a balance thing.  These are my guesses from what we know, my own interpretations.
The game has way better optimization, I can run it on medium at almost constant 60 fps on a laptop with a gtx840.
I didn't want to try it because it looked like it added tons of features (too much for me), but seeing that it has become more accessible, I'll check it out!
I just use it for news, not discussion. /r/truegaming has some interesting stuff sometimes
Solstheim is pretty good! My favorite is the lab you can find at the end of a quest, it's special
this scared me so fucking much as a kid
It's fun but I never want to have to do it ever again
Far from easy, I had to learn the whole thing to be able to beat it and died tons of times to the spike ground phase where you have to wall jump. It did make me way better at the game though.
i play offline idk what ur talking about
