My bad I guess,  I have just never seen one for sale,  but i  may not be looking in the correct area
I was a member briefly,  I let the membership lapse after some of the political bullshit mailers I started getting from them,  conservative crap that had nothing to do with the 2nd amendment
My grandfather was pretty  much gone at the end,  but when I showed him my new Swiss army knife he immediately started trying to take apart the chair he was strapped into.   Muscle memory is amazing.
Have one with hole in heart and missing valve.   Just found out,  he's On meds,  he's about 8 and the said he has about a year or two.   Expensive vet visits, and your pet insurance won't cover it probably.
I do this.  Doesn't phase me
I think i have a copy of nasas own space habatat study book from the 70s/80. Pm me tuesadysih when I am home again, I might be able to send you info.
Firehouses.  They are pretty good about helping out runners.  Source: Dad was a runner, your mileage may vary.
I'll be in my wine cellar.
You got off easy.  Source: Have dad.
Could be a ghost image, but lightening connects first with tendrils coming up from the ground, these are often visible from what I have seen.  That house/lawn just missed a direct hit.
Joined day 2-3 i think
She doesn't like sad stores, you do. I don't like them either.  Get over it.
I think bill Murray also had a story about Thompson and a hangover cure.  They had been partying hard for days, and Murray suddenly realized he had an audition in a few hours and was way too fucked up to manage it.  Thompson mixed a bunch of stuff in a blender, had Murray chug it, and told him to lie down for 2 hour.  Murray said he woke up 2 hours later feeling perfectly sober and better than he ever had in his life, aced the audition, and never did find out what was in the blender.   I probably have details wrong.
Yeah, thats really bad.  Are you under 25?  Get that looked at in the next month or be dead in the next year.
My bad.  Lemme change that to something that looks just like an assault rifle in hello kitty and day glow colors.
Nah, I am just someone who understands the difference between a full auto hello kitty rifle and a semi auto one, or a realistic toy doesn't make much of a difference in a shoot/don't shoot situation when some dipshit carries one into a starbucks.
Meh, I need some moron to heckle on facebook
Step 1: pour oil on jennifer lawrence.  Step 2: like I would ever get to step 1.  Step 3: big energy sector profits.   Edit try vanguard vine energy sector fund, it's way the hell down
IM pretty sure about 1000 of those are mine.  Edit: My bad, 1,401 and one of them.
Went to one in Sapporo.  Was much cheaper than hotel internet(I had a hotel)  and the cheap room had a better setup than my home or office. REasonably ergonomic chair, great mouse and keyboard, good screen, videogame access, etc, etc.  Bigger rooms had bigger screens, easy chairs, chouches etc.  Had big manga book selection for purchase, and exelent selection of snack food machines for a fairly small enterprise. More coffee/tea drink machines tha nred bull ever dreamed of.  Including a french fry machine.  Which I never tried.
It's in there for problem cases of people moving in with girlfriends/boyfriends in the dorm.  Unless you are annoying your roommate noone is going to care, or if it's really, really obvious you don't have a home.
Awwwww, I always wanted to develop my fake psychic powers.
Depends on the animal.  My old dog was extremely friendly, but very protective of his car.  I don't think he would have actually attacked for breaking the window, but he would bark the shit out of you.  He might bite you if you tried to take anything out of his car, including him.
My mom was able to use this service a couple of time during chemo. Amazing how big a difference a little help makes when you're tired all the time.
&gt; ame neighbors called the city on one of the nicest neighbors I've ever known about his boat that he had in his driveway for a week after he had just moved in. He was still trying to find a marina to take it to. &gt; Busybody neighbors can get in line and kiss my ass.  Youre too nice.  I would have declared it a pink lawn flamingo sanctuary and decorated accordingly.  THe dandelions are there for the flamingos, DO THEY WANT THE FLAMINGOS TO STARVE?
Fuck you, I am in brave newbies, were all spais.
&gt; Funny thing? I didn't realize my sister was from another father until I was 16 years old, and my girlfriend asked why my sister looked nothing like me and my brothers.   AS it should be.
&gt;  Jesus, most of my shits have some kind of prayer attached.  Tone down the hot sauce by about 20%/
My dad builds fire engine models.  What is he really going to get out of it?  WHo will ever care if he builds them all or gets an award.  Hes not helping humanity.  FUck it  HE ENJOYS IT.
Yeah, I think there is a guy that has a hamburger printer.  No, I'm not kidding.  Meat grows on it and is scraped off layer by layer
Is reminding me of breeze from home in latvia
Stephen barnes wrote a book where one of the books involved a zero-gee boxer, he talked about this a bit i think.  I read it 20 years ago, so not much help, called "street lethal"  Also, knives might be back in style if there are spacesuits involved.
Big plants want to eat you.  Those big goddamn tropical leafy ones.  I just keep an eye on them.  They're waiting for their chance.  I blame voodoo island with Vincent price
I dont know what city you are in, but you can take an NRA(other options available) training class for basic pistol, it takes about a day. Then goto a range that lets you rent pistols and try a bunch.  Pick the one that you are comfortable with and like.  Make sure the caliber is big enough to stop intruders, and small enough to not go through 3 houses.  If you are not interested in spending the time to research and learn to use a gun, dont get one.  Pepperspray works wonders.   Disclaimer: I have done the above and do not own a gun.
I have worked in loud environments where I was the only one who wore earplugs.  When I had to listen or talk, I would take one plug out of the right ear.  This is also the ear I use with headphones mostly.  There is a detectable 10%difference between the ears in frequency and sensitivity as far as I can tell.  Wear the earplugs.
Depending on where he moves down here, he can get a lot cheaper off metro line, and some apartments have parking included.  Blus metro is a burning shitshow.
40+ I can afford touch up paint, carryon.
When did snickers and twice change?  I don't by candy bars often, but those are two of my favorites
Voat was all stormfronty last time I  was there, several months ago.    Edit:holy crap it's worse now
Mine did the same thing when he was a puppy of that size.  Whole shitty chocolate Easter Bunny.  He was hyper as fuck but OK.  Looked it up later when he was full sized, it would take like 1-2 pounds of unsweetened bakers chocolate to kill an 80 pound dog.
WHere I grew up in CT, my grandfather would take us down to a man made gravel beach at the end of a seawall.  Everyone would break their beer bottles there, but as a consequence, the damned thing was half  sea glass.  Trick was finding blue glass for a while, then that came back into style and was much easier.
Had a contact lens stuck up in the top of my eyeball for several hours once.
Back in ye olden times when i was learning to drive, there was no center console, you could just reach over and stomp on the brakes.  Now get off my lawn!!
Good luck, was 2 years ago and dont know which mod it was.. Had velociratpors and triceratops and stuff too.  check skyrim nexus
I had to eat my own leg because all the bread was gone. My lactose intolerance made the mandatory milk purchase a medical issue. I was too late for the toilet paper.  Don't ask me how I wiped, I'm too ashamed and the cat may never be the same.
I think they were describing changes in the vision as different operations and time went on.  And the macular discoloration sounds like macular degeneration which my grandmother had, which means increasing sized patches of dead retna areas, so maybe you have a few small patches where you can see a limited amount.  edit: Littleapplegirl below explains it
Have a friend with essentially an underground stream running through their yard, their pump kicks in about every hour,might be a worse case of this.
Yeah, I blew up a guy a few weeks ago, wound up giving him some new ships, gave him some advice and tips and may have talked him into joining my Corp.  Poor noob bastard jumped me when I was pretending to be mining and his ship just kinda evaporated after one shot.
Try switching dentists.  I used to get at least 2 cavities a year growing up untill we switched dentists to a guy who was a friend of my dad.  I have had like 2 in the past 20 years since then.
My sister turned orange at one point because she loved strained carrots so much, and was picky about everything else.
