Got some tips for a scrub like me then? I really can't stand this map at high tiers...
You'll probably have to improve it by a lot. My clan for example requires at least 1,6k recent. And we weren't even close to getting a tank for anyone. Got some camos though.
Lol i hopped in my t54, played like 5 games, circlestrafed a Jagdtiger to death an bam that's 2100 damage against TDs... I didn't even try for that mission. Just play like you normally would and you'll get it eventually.
I play it in a way that never leaves me alone. So i always stick around other targets and do my part by doing damage, tracking and baiting shots. Sometimes heavies really want to shoot me instead of the heavies next to me. And i'll happily eat that shot if i baited him out far enough for him to eat 3 shells in return.
A lot of couples around me actually do that. Of course it‘s not a real punch but rather a poke. But given Animes tendency to take things to extremes i can see where that clichee comes from.
It would be intresting to know if that works in WoT. I know it worked in Warthunder. Back then i used to load a lot less shells to keep my front ammorack in the Bulldog empty so i didn't get blown up that much.
I guess people progress down the missions at different speeds. I'm around 5.2k battles in and i'm on MT-15 for the T55 and the other 3 missions are at around 5-7. Getting those honours on the 15s can be quite annoying though.
Then go for the Luchs. Cutest tank in world of tanks and a bunch of fun. Pretty much the only lowtier tank i willingly play.
I'd still go for the Mutz honestly. I can't speak for you but i don't mind having my radio operator behind by a bit. I'd rather have that than play that horrible slug that is the panther 8,8.   Other option for crewtraining: Get a Pz T25 or a Turan III. I got my first ever Pools medal in that T25. It's just a glorious little tank and it trains 5 crewmembers for the Panther line. So does the Turan III only problem being that it runs out of ammo constantly.
D.Va or Reinhardt. Reinhardt because he's german and i like to talk to cool old people. D.Va since she is pretty much my age, shares hobbies and seems like a nice person to get to know.
It really was yesterday. Got oneshot by artillery that wasn't even gunning for me but for the Jagdtiger i was passing. Combine that with two other shots that take off 80% of my health in the two following games and you have a recipe for salt.
Wouldn't the jews wipe themselves out by doing this?   Also being circumsized (some medical crap as a child not hygene or religion related) i don't quite see how it would stop me from enjoying sex. Even if it is less fun than for uncircumsized men i have no way to compare and well... Judging by the amount of fapping i do i don't see how that would affect my sex-life if i had any?
My point still stands. Let's say someone cut off a bit off my tongue when I was 1 or 2 years old. I would have no memory of how food tasted before that. I would still eat and enjoy food. The only Difference would be that I keep getting told the food would taste  better if I had more tongue left. Why should i care? I can't change it now so what's the point in feeling bad about it. Afterall i still enjoy my food. Some foods will still be my favourite foods and i will enjoy them. What do you get out of constantly pestering me with how much better it would taste if I had more tongue left. Why should i care. I'm starting to get the impression that it's the uncircumsized people that are insecure about their members. What other reason would these people have to constantly try to convince us that our dicks are somehow inferior? You enjoy sex, we enjoy sex. If it makes you feel better telling yourself how much more fun you're having with your extra skin fine. I just don't get why you have to constantly try to make people feel bad about their dicks?
I only ever had that with the bran storyline. I almost skipped all of it. The rest of the story pretty much kept me hooked all the way through.
Other way around for me. Got 67% winrate in the Panther and only 54% in the Panther 2
I meant why should i care in the sense of "why should i care if i still had my tongue". Let's go with the tongue example. It has been cut off for example when i was 2 years old. I can't get my tongue back and i don't miss it because i have no memory of how having a tongue was different from not having one. I literally have no reason to care if i myself have one or not. Now along comes "Anti-tongue-chopoffer" and pesters me constantly about how i should miss my tongue and how much better everything would be if i still had it. All you accomplish or try to accomplish is making me feel bad when i would really have no reason to.   Tldr: I didn't mean why should i care as in caring about other people. I meant why should i myself care about my own dick being circumsized. You telling me it would be better the other way does not help me in any way shape or form and all it might do is make me feel bad about something i never had a reason to feel bad about before.
Again your analogy is flawed. I can assure you my dick works just fine. It does all the funny tricks yours does. Gets hard, gives me pleasure and shoots white fluid. It's not gone. Rather you should put it this way. "Why should i care if i didn't see as well as other people". And, wearing glasses i have experience in this field. Before i first wore glasses i saw incredibly badly compared to someone with unimpaired vision or glasses. I did not care about it though until i was forced to wear glasses because of my drivers license. In essence i did not feel hindered in anyway. I didn't feel like my body was worse in any way. But then again. Putting on a pair of glasses is an easy fix whereas reattaching your foreskin is not something we do. What i'm trying to say is that if you've been circumsized you don't feel inferior to non circumsized men. There is no reason to. We don't know it any other way so there is nothing we miss about having our foreskin. Just as i didn't miss my glasses till i had some. Would i get a new foreskin if i could? Maybe, maybe not. Depends on how much different the experience would be. But since you don't want to cut yours off and i can't reattach mine we just have to take each others word for it.   Also i think you presume that i want more people to be circumsized or anything. Not at all. I also think we shouldn't mutilate people unless medically neccessary such as in my case. I'm just trying to say that this whole "haha you're inferior" attitude leads nowwhere. There is 0 point in telling someone who was circumsized that it would be better another way. he can't change it and most likely he has no base other than your word for it. So why would he give a shit. Rather use your time to educate politicians and soon to be parents instead of trying to make circumsized people feel bad about their dicks.
Only 60 people in RDDT main? Hm last time those guys did a recruitment thread (like a month or so ago?) i applied and didn't even get a reply :/ I didn't have the T32 yet (T29 atm) but i had a T54 l9wt. and an IS3-A. But apparently that wasn't even good enough to get a reply saying "sorry go somewhere else". (WN8 checked out as well)
Well back in 2010 when i started i was the absolute youngest guy on our server with 14. Back then the vast majority of players i feel where 20-30. Still autistic fucks most of the time but at least without screachy noise and some amount of intelligence. Minecraft multiplayer used to be so much more fun back then. No it's just a chicken pen for 9-13 year olds that think they are gods if daddy pays them a server with 20 slots...
Thx a lot i'll take a good look at that strategy. I never even considered demolishing my sparring chamber because i wanted longbeards sooner rather than later. it's a really nice surprise to see this much helpfulness even though my initial post was kind of ranty.   I'll keep the auto bar imbalance in mind next time i play. Thx again for helping an angry noob :3
I'll "give you a call" either tomorrow or the day after :)
So i popped on today sadly couldn't find any recruiters. I'll try again tomorrow if that's alright. Could you tell me what their server group tag looks like?   Greetings.
Thx but i think at 5k+ Battles played and 2000+ recent Wn8 i know heavy gameplay mechanics :D I just never bothered to go down the IS line so i was wondering wich is more fun / quicker.   Also i have a dank heavy crew from playing russian prems.
I also happen to know a girl who did that to herself... I hope you're over whatever made you do that. I'm sure you'll find many people who find you beautiful anyway :)
I wish i had gotten the Nachi on EU. Only one of the myokos where the camo colour doesn't bother me. Sadly the decided to look her behind that incredibly stupid mission to kill 20 of each nation when noone plays russians...
It's not as BS at starting Fires as the Cleveland, aoba and Budyonny and not as good at DPMing as the Leander but i think she still has a place. The best games i've had in her were games where i could go ham in canals and torp unsuspecting Battleships. The torpangles are really great and put the Aoba to shame. The good thing is you don't have to show more broadside than to bring your two guns to bear anyway so people often don't realize that i'm launching torps at them.
Hey at least you didn't get the boring "no detonation" signals 250 times like i did...
It would be nice however i don't think it's that unrealistic. Some people have a really really hard time moving on from people they fall in love with, even if they're rejected repeatedly.   I have that problem myself, and i even know a couple of people that have it far worse (suicidal thoughts and in one case attempts). Mostly it just takes a long time and in some cases a lot longer than for the "average" person. I find it quite plausible that molly would mope after sherlock for 2-3 years. Don't really have a grip on what amount of time the show covers.
I actually will thank you very much. I've been watching the first season of that the past few days and i can't remember how many times i've thought "Hey i wish the BBC sherlock was still like this. Solving cases and bantering greg to a pulp and shit".
Oh sorry i missed that last part. My bad.
I really feel bad for her. If someone rejects you and wants nothing to do with you after the fact you can at least move on. It's way harder when they still tell you that they like you and like you to be around them...
Are they really not shipping to the EU? That makes me a bit sad...
When i go to checkout and enter my Zip-code for some reason it says shipping unavailable... Any idea why that could be?
Ah i found the mistake. Confused a number and a letter. My bad :P thanks for responding though :)
And then there are people like me where the Stepdad makes for a much better father than the one whose sperm i actually developed from.
Mostly cruisers and i throw in BBs and DDs for good measure. It's not that i don't know how to do well in a cruiser at that tier or a battleship for that matter. I just get insanely bored when i play carefully in my BBs. I miss the lower tiers where you could sometimes actually pull of a good torpedo rush with your cruisers. It's not just the ships but also the maps if you ask me. I'd take some of the low tier maps over tears of the cruisers any day of the week.
Your second paragraph surprises me. The impression i keep getting is that individual skill really matters less at high tiers. Since everyone is just waiting for someone else to make a mistake instead of making plays all you need to do is hit well. At lower tiers i feel way more capable of actually truning around a game by myself if i manage to take a very good position or something like that. For me the most frustration stems from the maps. Most of the Tier 10 maps are so large and open that the opportunity to make an aggressive play is quite rare.
I got a 1000 gold earlier. Nice premium camo for the upcoming ranked season. So far i was lucky. 50k free xp twice and 2000 gold so far.
I once tried the Narutorun in 6th grade or so (11-12 at the time)... I did it only once but even 10 years later i still cringe...
Holy shit i ran like that once in PE and i still cringe. How have you not gone into witsec or something?
I once heard two girls in the row behind me make a joke at my expense so i turned my Head like an owl, and started laughing like a literal disney villain. The looks on their faces and the reaction of the rest of the class were priceless.
The American Education system sounds like complete shit tbh.  You have those Ivy league colleges and all but the ground work seems like trash. When i went to school (until 3 years ago) teachers made their own tests, decided how many and what kinds of tests and only had broad restrictions on what certain grades needed to include as topics. The only standardized test we have here is the final exam of your school career. And even then teachers are provided with a selection of questions of wich they select a required amount so they have some control over the test.
I don't play games only to win the game but also to have fun. And being jumped by a degenerate ape with a pet mercy over and over again is not my idea of fun especially since the guy on the other end might as well be comatose.
Damn that's retarded. Honestly can't be arsed and just uninstalled. I'll go back to CS where the ranking system actually makes a degree of fucking sense and there aren't any characters designed for people with parkinson's.
Same. Kind of disappointed that this weeks reward was the rusky commander though. Only nation where i don't really need a 10 point captain right now...
The true evil is our weird system for articles.   Ich bin in der Schule (I'm in school) Die Schule brennt (The school is burning)  My stepdad's niece is from Australia. She's been living here for 20 years and still gets it wrong a lot.
I always wondered. Dont the fuckers just fall asleep at some point? I mean surely even a baby must get tired? Isn't being around him doing stuff keeping him awake? Enlighten me i'm not a parent and don't have siblings so i'd hardly Know.
And then you paid for your coffee with one Bitcoin?
I haven't seen many people called traditional german names like Heinrich, Helmut, Wolfgang, Ewald and so on.
I study the same thing and nobody ever asked me if i wanted to work for NASA. They all ask what industries i can go into though. Maybe it is because i am german and NASA is an american thing.
