my characters are Ms Marvel (costume), Spidey (ANAD costume), Venom (no costume yet). I manage to wipe everything pretty easily with Cap Marvel and if she is in a bad situation venom usually does the job as he seems pretty tanky and rarely gets badly damaged
I actually got 40 instead of 30 for the lower package, so that was interesting. That said, I have no clue why they wouldn't just give people the advertised amount? Is not like they corrected it right away or a day after... they corrected it today when they were supposed to send them
The person didn't play V1, where the characters storylines were being talked about. The person continued to 'pick apart' my sentences by gathering their own meaning out of them when the whole post was an innocent inquiry in how a certain character got in before others who are perceived as more popular. Not once did I state my opinions as facts, and in fact gave proof as to the perceived popularity of other characters due to game's story/updates/etc. And not once did I resort to insults like you or them did, so how am I being a 'condescending ass'.  But forget it, this went long enough. I can't wait to see who the 3rd ff14 is, as I play the game, I can't wait to play with a character from the game!
good. I watsed x15 trying for another pull on Lightning's banner after the x50 and ofc got nothing. This makes me feel less bad about it and the savings till SSSB begin now :(
I did, 8 uses has been enough for me. Specially since I usually use Tyro as whm with Wall
1400 crystals and some more incoming through the stash. I hope I can buy Loki's and maybe Angela's if it turns out good.  Only have Loki rank 4 so Also want some bios for him (her!)
I find Cap Marvel great fun, and even if you are 60 bios in you can always use them for gear. Other than that I'd go for Silk/Hulkbuster. The 6* Hulkbuster skill is pretty fun, and Silk is pretty good.  If you have the new costume or willing to get it, Angela is also a great fun character
I'm also not sure about the 4th gear. But right now I have Stark Backing and it seems to work well on her
I like this, even though your Dismissals are pretty high, it doesn't proc enough to call this a dismissal strategy. I didn't think of Reflect on his Cura as my highest hones are magic based, but I'll give it a shot
Its happening a lot today to me
nop :( I would love to get Shehulk/Angela or Silk to 5*, but idk if I will be able to buy bios for any of them. Angela is 4*, like 70 shy to 5*. And Shehulk/Silk are 3* but I can't afford x2 of their sales to get them to 5*, so I was thinking instead using the crystals for Kingpin's costume
thx a lot I will give this shot!
no thanks when he was being offered as a bundle with shards before.... I know that might no happen again, but ugh too expensive.
Cool Mom Punk Barbie, I'll probably buy tbh
well that sucks I will just have to read the story on this. I get really bad motion sickness on first person shooters :( I literally put myself through hell just to finish Fallout 3 lol  But that sucks :( , the VR thing was never gonna happen for me anyway :(
thats another thing, I have 7* SG and 6* plat sword :F. I'm scared of wasted books
i added 4 of u guys, wasted 30 stamina trying to get one of you to show up... all 4 show up at the last "refresh".  The RW refresh UI update cant come soon enough...
I'm currently using Tyro, Ramza, PCecil, Bartz and the healer changes depending on the relic's i've gotten or really just put whoever for leveling and use a shared medica.  I've gotten lucky in basically the team having built itself due to the relics I've gotten.  First Tyro's SG, then Pcecil's SSB which is a constant 9999x3.  After that I got lucky and got Bartz's Excalibur and that just made the game easy mode. His attack is so strong he usually does 8k+ x5. AND gives me a def 50% buff that stacks with protect, or basically eliminates the need for protect.  Then the unthinkable happened and Ramza got both of his Relics (Shout/Tailwind) and basically became the most versatile character allowing me not even bring healer for some fights. And of course, as an emergency cure if needed.  Anyway, my point is that I think that the setup you wrote about is indeed an amazing one.  At this point I would like: PCecil's BSB, Beatrix's SSB, Garnet's Wizard Rod and Selphie's Dreamstage.  Usually my go-to RW is Garnet's Wizard rod for the Res up and Regen, but I'm hoping more options start showing up soon!
oh yea i did that... 30 times :(
127, hoping to get to 150 for the fest. Kuja 2 broke me
I finished him with all of them rank 1... full mastery.  I did go a bit crazy with my hones tho since I like summoners.  Had Alexander/Valefor r5 , Levi/Ultros/Shiva/Ifrit/Ramuh r3, Fat Choco r2.  Used Focus RW, have innate Wall and Yuna's Medica + High Regen.  Had Hope use the x2 Summon Magic , with Alex/Levi.  I actually had times I had to reset because I did too much dmg during phase 2 where I wasn't seeing the 3rd background.  My tip is: Go moderate on Phase 1, Go Slow on Phase 2 till you spawn the 3rd orb, then go Hard.
My only SBs in this realm are Auron's Shooting Star and Yuna's Hymn.  Both are good, but rest of my team is poop. Auron/Tidus/Yuna/Wakka 80, Rikku/Braska/Jecht 65~  Luckily I do have 3 solid X Swords, 1 Dagger and Auron's Katana. But I'm having difficulty setting up the right team.  If I only had more wind orbs I could hones some stuff to make them stronger! Damn X roster has no Knight 4*++ I was shocked!!! hahaha  I'm guessing everyone is going with Shout RW? I don't have any shared shellga SB but I do have protectga shared SB.
omg I totally forgot Rikku has bard!!  Did you save up some uses of Powerchain/FullCharge on Tidus? I can hone both to r2 or one to r3, but have no SB/SSB on him so wondering if you spaced out Tidus' abilities and mixed them in with some normal attacks until you got him to low health?  I got Shooting star on Auron so he can take care of some dmg.  Wakka for breaks, no SBs. Could give him Protect SB or to tidus.  Rikku, got no shared shell sb, but could give her bard shell + Dismissal 8 uses. (No thief's revenge).  Yuna has Hymn, so I can do the same.  Sorry for the longish post, just having trouble with this Cid Mission.
the #3 brought back painful memories
Thanks for this, now to save my Mythril for IV and then XI
Got Ham, Spidey on CW.  Ham is almost rank 3, just waiting on some sandwiches.   Only Missing Statue on decorations, currently at 4 buggle's (saving them for boxes first). Have already bought 3 boxes. I ended up buying the 1 web/12 hrs thingy, its helped somewhat but I still get 1-2 octos I have to deal with which is kinda annoying. Seems they really wanted you to buy the x3 one.
Its a bad app. Have had it for so long even have FF1 and FF2 for free there (only reason I havent deleted it) but login in its too much of a pain if you have a software token (Since I play ff14) and on top of that its just glitchy.  Square tends to give up on their phone apps, you can tell they want people to use it because of all the promotions and "exclusives" they give it but they won't do anything to make it better. At least give us the option to always be logged in if we want to
dont care for lizard, but venom is one of my favs. I'm hoping he has some form of dual-voice over, maybe a muffled Venomified voice and an Eddie voice
7 of those books were mine lawl, no curtana or doublet tho :(
Aw I liked the humble chilean who is essentially agreeing but due to the fact that they are only recently getting drag in a more mainstream manner. And it is so true, in latin/south america there's so much homophia that people go out of their way to avoid being targeted. So of course not everyone in Chile is going to have the experience that others do.       I have a really hot straight friend from brazil who has like the best hair ever and does this amazing hair styles that would give any gay hair envy. And he was showing me pics of his time from Brazil and his hair style was very basic/"normal" done, and I asked him about that and he said that people in the streets or just in general people around him would always target him for insults due to his "gay hairstyles" so he would avoid styling his hair for that reason.      I mean something as silly as that got him to experience bigotry, I think that's why we get along so well and why he is so open to gay people. And likewise, I think latin/southamerica is becoming more accepting at a much slower rate of anything LGBT related.   But hopefully shows like this inspire more people to become proud of themselves and the drag culture. And I hope the racist bitch in the vid gets thrown under a bus.
so i screwed up my SL teams and ended up at 25 barebones, but can T2 one of the following characters. Who would you say is more likely to be able to defeat DD. I have groot available for backup as well.      Moon Knight, Black Bolt and Ghost Rider.      I was gonna T2 all 3 at some point, just been waiting for the gear custom gear for them. But I have decent ones for any of them if needed be. I'm just worried that Moon Knight won't have enough damage to deal with DD, and while GR has great damage it is mainly on vs villains.       Lastly, would you recommend MK uni? I have GRs/BBs but MK's doesn't seem that great.
Geez I thought this was /r/Peoplefuckingdying and was about to see some adorable puppy getting a tiny sweater on.      It also reminds me of me being a kid and putting socks on my uncle's rottweiler and him being the most playful and adorable dog ever.
I'm pulling on Banner 2 at least once, but I kind of want on Banner 1 due to the +Element gear. I know Ice isn't the best ever element in the game in terms of boost, but it is one of the two +Ice armors available.      Already have Cid Gloves and Ashe's bodysuit for the other elements, but the other stuff doesn't hurt. Hmm...
My game keeps crashing whenever Bartz (enemy) uses Light of the Four :( . I've tried everything and it keeps crashing there, dunno what to do. I'm guessing no one else is having this issue
i did, also reinstalled but the same thing is happening. I remembered I have the game linked on bluestacks so i guess i'll try to do the fight there! so weird tho, it's never happened before
mine is still not upgradable yet, can't even see the old requirements
well i'm here to convince you to get him.  Reason is, this is the 3rd time he has come back and his price remains the same. So that at the very least gives some piece of mind in that you aren't going to get shafted (hopefully) by a lower cost later on.      If you are missing anything from this event, then at the very least you also get a bonus.      He was the last character I was missing and I had shards from the sale, so I said oh well!
do you have a screenshot of the CS ticket? They haven't gotten back to me, and it'd be nice to have some solid evidence on it. Plus it's nice to know which representative answered, since we have gotten incorrect info from them before
Thanks, I just heard back from them as well confirming this phew!  They also said Winter Soldier and co will be upgradable as the event progresses
that 6 &gt;3 cancel on &gt;2 combo is unmatched, my strange has a 200% dmg proc and the amount of times I get 100% on WBI due to killing the WBI boss in less than 2 secs is growing.
Mine is rank 2 since civil war so not sure, but can confirm that he isn't upgradable past that yet
You can use selectors on her, so in a way she is a more farmable character than a bunch others.  On top of that, if you don't even pay attention to her you will have her at 6* eventually. That's how I mysteriously got Cho to 6* without ever playing him lol
Yea I know, I wanted Satanna to be Villain and then get a Hero costume. With Daimon being Hero but then a Villain costume, but alas they made them both heroes even tho Satanna's costume is akin to her Villain role
ok ill try this on my last pull, against all common sense i'll make one last pull even tho i have gotten everything on that banner except for the claws :(
Wow you replied to this just now? Lmao . This was after the election before full counting was done, and I'm Canadian. But l recommend you find something to use that free time on instead of  digging old posts! Best of luck henny xx
if you aren't going all the way, it isn't worth it imo.   Also, you better pick either your favorite character/costume combo or one of the latest costumes because the second that character gets a new costume, the last one will likely be useless....    I wanted to upgrade Cap Marvel but figured she is due another costume very soon, specially with Marvel putting her front an center now.    I upgraded Red Hulk, and while his dps got better it isn't a game changer.     So yea, the system can be quite punishing
should just contact support, is likely something went off when you leveled and had the costume. Probably not programmed to "re-increase" the drops after u level.  Hope they help, cause i'm half way there! :(
If they made Groot usable on his own with that Combat costume? Sure!       Same deal with a Warwolf costume, there's just not much point to use these characters outside of their support roles.      I've been working towards getting Wasp pretty  geared up since she has solid stuff, but offensively her ceiling is pretty low. So it's a similar issues with Groot, not much he can do outside of the healing buff + T2 heal
I usually use a 17 gears Volstagg to solo a combat stage, he is very tanky and once you get used to him you can use him pretty easily to Invuln + Get his summons to draw attention + Reflect dmg back and then use his 5* to get a big iframe window
omgggg    my pulls:   100 - Lambent Hat    1/11 - OSB   1/11 -Mythril Gun   3/11 - OSB + Mythril Gun + Luminous Robe
