Yeah- read what Lemon says to you because he is the boss of Feral.  For more than a year, I think, my bandwidth figure reads as a few GB per month as my actual traffic is for the types of traffic Feral does not count. It kinda makes sense; I think by now Feral has a lot of long term customers like me, who are in any case using much much less than the theoretical bandwidth limits.
It is likely she would change, but bear in mind all cats are princesses and princes, and you are kinda forced into lifelong slavery when you take one on. But you had them already- you surely know that.  PS Plus on top of that, they are plotting to kill you.  Seriously- yes she would change, but it might take a couple of years. Or it might be overnight if you're lucky. One thing I do know- it's impossible to predict whether a cat will want to sit on your lap.
There's quite a lot of cutesy over here e.g. Boux Avenue sleepwear.  Primark is low-end; my gf says it's better for men than women. Maybe that's why my Primark stuff has worn very well.
Yeah- I read on your post history...  You are from in or near Halifax - well, no wonder you feel what you do when you go back- that end of W Yorks is just amazingly beautiful.  But more than that, that end looks more to Manc than to Leeds (Bradford is in the way) and you even support Man U.  If you are planning a family, it's a no-brainer that it's better for children to grow up outside London.  We're in the other end of W Yorks, in Castleford. But because of the attractions of your end, we will more often go out there than locally (e.g. Shibden Mill, the Gray Ox, the Fleece at Barkisland, the Ram's Head at Denshaw/ Saddleworth) and probably the pub we've been to most often (not that this is so often) is the Turnpike between Ripponden and the M62 J22 - which is a perfect stop coming back from Manc and all points West and North. By London standards, 35 miles along the motorway in 35 minutes is the equivalent of 6 miles in traffic or on the tube....
If not more. I've had an external on 24/7 for 6 years now. However, now I've posted this it will no doubt fail tomorrow.
Feral hosting (I've been with them 5 years s a customer); the other two most recommended are whatbox and bytesized.  Those three are very reliable; if you go elsewhere make sure to get better value than they offer.  You can download all the what freeleech torrents and seed them.
I've got good stuff from Arnold and Arnold.  http://www.arnoldleathergoods.co.uk/
OK, well funnily enough I had some spare minutes today when i was out with the car and really had to use up the time (I was waiting to pick someone up from an appointment) and so I actually went in the Asda where I get inhalers and bought a spare.  So this one was issued today and expires end of Oct 2017- that is 21 and a half months.  My previous one from them (because of this thread I asked them to check!) was on 10 march 2015 and expires Dec 2016 (like yours!).  I also googled for you and the shelf life seems to be 24 months.  http://www.medsafe.govt.nz/profs/datasheet/v/VentolinCFC-freeinh.pdf  So one presumes they buy in a batch and sell it gradually- that means your current two were likely obtained some time between December 2014 and spring 2015.
Like a lot of people are (or used to be) I was brought up a nominal Anglican - the line always was that British people say 'I'm not very religious' when asked questions about faith.  Now, as  Brit, though, the Anglican church means the Church of England to me- unless there is a world congress or synod or something, I never ever think about Anglican congregations abroad.  I actually love the cultural side of the Anglican church, but I think it is in a really difficult position a) it tries to be inclusive (we say high church and low church) and so deals with pro- and anti- women clergy people and gay clergy people b) its buildings are impractical and expensive here, because largely old and listed c) its forms of service and stuff, as well as the bricks and mortar mean it's much harder for it to adapt than for non-conformist churches.  I warmed to Rowan Williams over time, especially when he wrote the Narnia book, I'm not sure about Welby. I think women clergy are an obvious good thing, but I don't have any view on how the C of E and Welby relate to other Anglican churches abroad. In the UK,  the obvious divides (apart from Christian and other religions and no religion) are between Catholic, Anglican and Non-conformist.
I think we looked at about 50 places before we bought one.  Assuming your mortgage adviser has said there is likely to be no issue, I'd start now. BUT....  It's gonna depend a LOT on how fast the market moves in the area you want to buy in.  We saw a couple of episodes of Location Location Location recently and thought they were really true to our experience.  1) in London, a couple of buyers / sets of buyers were looking around the £300-450k mark. The flats were terrible and even after having their offers accepted, both sets of buyers got gazzumped. It was a lot of effort for nothing.  2) in Yorkshire, a couple of buyers had a budget of £200-250k. They couldn't get exactly what they wanted, but they had plenty of time to manoeuvre and in each case got a lot of property for their money. One set of buyers went for location above everything, the other went for the house looking and being right at the cost of location (it was more countryfied than she wanted) but it was not a property we saw- it happened after the programme was filmed.  So it's more helpful to look now if you are buying in a slow-moving area. Dunno how people manage in chains in fast-moving areas, one might have to get an offer on one's own first...
Linux? Well, I did it on rtorrent with the sed command; full instructions on bib's forum thread, it's method 3. (Obviously when the website returns!!)
I run mine using a thin client-   https://www.feralhosting.com/faq/view?question=76  though if you are not on Feral you may need to do the manual install not the script to get the info.  Basically I get a deluge install that looks and feels like a desktop client.  Your seedbox provider may or may not support this!
I only know second-hand (friend was a reservist) but yeah, joined means joined the Reserves and then means joined your unit. I don't think you are ever locked in. My friend just decided after serving for a while they didn't want potentially to have to kill people.  Unless you are actually mobilised, which may not be war, it may mean helping fight Ebola or clear up after a natural disaster.
David Blackburn (link below).  Done 2 jobs for us (originally recommended by several neighbours)  and one for mum-in-law. Best tradesman (of many) we've ever had in the house, (or on it!). BUT he's Ponty way....  https://www.yell.com/biz/ideal-roofing-and-fascias-pontefract-7620224/
Yeah, tbh he confused me by telling me in a post once he did NOT like cakes. I have to say I felt betrayed and , yes, bullied.
Oh no! Have you met me IRL?  Know any good careers in the Army? Or the French Foreign Legion?  Oh sorry, it's racist mentioning the French.
To be serious, OP, I have to agree with my friend here that Somerset is a lovely county to live in. This is speaking as a resident of West Yorkshire (but not born in Yorkshire; however I am now fiercely loyal/ patriotic about the place, unlike Mr/Ms T above).  I do not know Taunton at all, but it is surrounded by lovely countryside such as Exmoor and the Mendips; both the North Devon and Jurassic coasts are really close and West Country people are very friendly. The weather and the quality of food/ drink ingredients are good. (I do note some areas of Somerset had much too much rain last winter).  Bath, Bristol and Exeter are all also not far away.  Most English people would regard Somerset as a really nice part of the country.
I think you should rescue her when she seems upset.  Funnily enough I saw this kind of situation where there was a litter and an older kitten. The older kitten was incredibly boisterous, even violent, But the kittens' mum and auntie seemed to think it was OK.  However, I'd be careful in this situation when it's one on one.  In a couple of months, things will be more even and he will seem more like a big brother.  We have an 18 month old and an 8 month old. At first she was a bit scared of him, but from when the younger (girl) was about 6 months, she and the older one became really good friends. She never leaves him alone now.
Having medication to hand is key.  The rest depends on mobility. If you have a car you can quickly drive to a shop or access the Internet.  With mobile Internet you can access most details like insurance instantly.  When we looked for property, I did check flood risk carefully, but sure, no-one can be sure of escaping a gas blast, a tornado, an unexploded WW2 bomb, a sinkhole.....
If people call me a European (as opposed to an English or British person) I bristle a bit, even though I am very pro-Europe.
tvtz  Only had about 1000 members, rules were to keep at least 4 torrents seeded for ever, at least 16/7.  It was because of them that I started leaving my computer on 24/7 to torrent.
Yes. And even with a spousal visa and with indefinite leave to remain you can work.
AFAIK in the US there is a culture of litigation, therefore people always consider that option in life-situations. So what I am saying is Americans begin from a different mindset.  Here, although there is some no-win, no-fee stuff going on, by and large people don't tend to think of the legal implications of doctor-patient, more of the moral and personal ones.  I know some cases where the greater difference in culture between the doctor and patient made it harder for the two to communicate and the patient got a less good outcome. But those were also cases whee the patient would not have dreamed of litigating, because they likewise perceived lawyers to be very different people from themselves.  Therefore the cases that go to court tend to be the result of very serious mistakes or disagreements.
We use only half to two thirds overall, because we don't often put the heating up above 15 C.
Yes. I have TERRIBLE handwriting and it would be confusing if I did not!
I'm happy going with someone who is not the two they trialled in the season finale.
Depends how old they are. Like /u/hoffi_coffi I don't know what a strata corporation is. But no, most older terraced houses are completely independent.  A new build terrace house or an ex-council one on a housing estate may still be administered by a company in terms of the common parts (roadways etc.).
I get a lot from rutracker (I don't know russian, but google translate does the job) and each album is tagged either 'tracks' or 'image.'  Also there are some categories purely for high quality rips, some of which come from vinyl.
Yeah, do the maths, (or math, as it is in American English!). Rough rule of thumb is that you have to pay admission fee 3 or 4 times to make a subscription cheaper.  A lot of English Heritage stuff is RUINS. So it is very questionable that it's worth paying to go up to it rather than just look from the other side of the fence.  As for the 'stately home' element, it really depends on how much you like that. My dad used to say 'Once you've seen Versailles, you've seen them all.'  It may be that, if you like countryside, you just visit one big one (like Windsor or Warwick, both of which are separate businesses) and save the time for the open air.  In any case, with these things you can normally decide on the day. You pay the admission first, then, at the end, if you wish to sign up, they refund you / subtract the cost of your entry that day.
I'm guessing. It's been a while since the last one.  Tracker is still up for me.
Yeah, there's an Admissions office and they are st up to deal with this kinda thing.
There was both a pen AND a pencil in my booth.  I don't think voter fraud is an issue. It would take far far too long to rub out those marks, and it would be hard to do so in public.  Would be easy in North Korea, though.
Put incredibly crudely, yes, in the aftermath of WW2, societies and the children they had tried to provide a compensatory, good experience to  the horrors of war that the parents' generation had experienced. I think Americans like to remind Europe of their financial contribution to this.  I believe that globalisation, in terms of cheap but good manufacturing in the Far East and the consequent development of those economies and societies, are what have made these visions and aspirations so difficult for Western societies.  It may well be that the more laissez-faire attitude of the British state has made the resulting society of today here less 'neat.' I mean, traditional Labour was actually a very conservative party, tied to traditional working class interests. Thatcher's government privatised and deregulated as a way of fending off the onset of globalisation; that made things less equal and less communitarian.  New Labour then believed, I think, they could only take power by extrapolating those same values to a wider section of society.   While they did have a heavy public and social policy agenda, they also had very strong free market values.   So however there has been direction in public policy (e.g. we are good on our record of treating minorities well), there has not been any real thought given to resulting social inequalities. for example, i believe that in Scandinavia, the range of income/ wealth among people is narrower - so more people are living at roughly the same level, materially.  I did benefit not only from free tuition but also student grants; however, the 'price' of this for the UK at the time was that very few could go to university. I already felt by the time of graduating that stable jobs were hard to come by. I didn't actually benefit from low house prices, and did move out of London partly for the much lower property prices.
£14 a month is £2500 over 15 years.  That's probably (minus excesses that can't be claimed) roughly what we've spent in vet bills. Also, once the pet reaches the age when illness is more common, the insurance starts not paying 100% of the claim.  Pretty sure those vet deals are good though.  We currently have 4 pets; only one has insurance.   I think it's sod's law. Get the insurance, pet will be really healthy; don't and he/she won't.....
I think all English people can suffer discrimination on Western European countries. I'm grateful I speak various European languages (but especially French) with a decent enough accent that I am not thought to be English until I choose to reveal it.  My SO (white British) lived about 10 years in Vienna in the 90s and thought that they were a pretty snooty bunch. She thought, as I did when I visited (not her, I didn't know her then), that the younger people were better. We've been there every year for the last 15 or so, and have kinda found that the younger people have turned into what their parents were like.  Likewise, my uncle is Swiss-German, so I've been in Switzerland a lot. I find the Swiss a very stodgy people- pretty insular and narrow-minded- again I'm talking about interacting with them not in English.   With both French and Italian people (I've lived in Italy), I've heard plenty of casual racism from white natives- not towards me, but in attitudes. Again, talking in French and Italian, not in English.  I don't think anywhere is a paragon, but having spent a lot of time in various capacities in Europe, I'm happy sticking with Britain.
The one I really remember is 1973, the 3 day week.  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Three-Day_Week  But maybe also 1978-9  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Winter_of_Discontent
I remember we all crouched round candles.  There'd be a schedule published in the newspapers as to when the power cuts were.  Power cuts would be a nightmare today in the Internet age.
My girlfriend told me not to hoover or wash clothes (normally I would on Sunday as 9-5 Sunday electricity is free on the tariff I have). But I did have to sweep up some crumbs. I guess for hygiene reasons that is a good thing.
Well, I guess one of the good things about a movie is that you can't talk, so you can do something fun without there being too much pressure to get on together, and then you have something that naturally sparks the conversation.  So it would better, IMHO, to have coffee/drink + movie + late dinner.  If you kinda know you can easily have a conversation, then dinner on its own is fine, or other no-pressure activities- go for a walk somewhere nice, for example.  Personally, I'd always go just dinner if it actually was a date.
One other relevant point (I used to live in London for over 20 years) is that it is far away. Cornwall is furthest away you can go overland without going to Scotland. So it's more practical to go for 4 nights or more, whereas all of England and Wales is practical even for a normal weekend (leave Friday night, return Sunday night.)
Gosh! I'm really surprised you are surprised to be greeted by strangers in the street, and yet are not in London.  People are very friendly in Manc (I say this through gritted teeth, of course).   I'm still wishing strangers 'Happy New Year' round here and they me.
OP said: "This is my first ever registration in the UK."  So probably the people to whom OP has applied think there's a risk that OP does not exist.
I'm sure he was- those reports of him being a 'gloomy pessimist' chime in exactly with how I remember him.....if I extrapolate from the distant past (I saw him every day for 2 years and we were good friends).   Managed to dig out my comment from when he initially resigned:  "I've heard his name around the place and noticed the unusual name, but only when this broke did I look him up and find, yes, it's someone I knew very well as a student- a year above me, doing the same subject at the same place.   He was a deeply pessimistic and grumpy sod even then, sitting hunched up in his grey flecked sports jacket, as if he had no neck.  But in those days he was an extremely abstruse thinker who read an enormous amount of left-wing theory that was fashionable with more or less all of us. He was a bit abstruse for his teachers, but respected by all of us. I seem to remember also his love of theory cost him as good a degree as he deserved.  Never knew what had happened to him; amazed that he had an entirely traditional career as a civil service mandarin."
I'm shocked and not shocked by how many of my friends have ended up in public life.  When we were students, we looked around the hall and there were loads of portraits of ex-PMs. And we thought and said to one another that if this continued, there would be those among us that would be running the country. And that was a terrifying thought, because we knew we were all idiots and madmen.  I would never have picked Boris to have the highest political profile of us though. Nobody would have believed for a moment that such a buffoon (he is unchanged) would have become Mayor of London....  EDIT: I should say that as students, we despised anyone who had political ambitions.
OK, well how do you explain it?  It was very inconvenient when what cd closed, but the two main replacements seem to be doing very well.  I'm not the right person to ask, as I'm not staff anywhere, so I don't know why Tolkein gets this treatment.
I'm in the UK. Steinway don't do that here, nor does Boesendorfer or Fazioli. If you go in as a customer, you ARE a customer and you can try what you like. I've heard other people talking about the 'roped-off' pianos in Steinway USA.  As you say, many music stores sell more than pianos- if you have a nice experience in the instrument bit, you might well buy other things in the other departments.  But OP's situation seems to be different- they know he isn't a customer.
Well- a lot of my suggestions are pretty touristy, but good....  Shopping: Harrods- Bicester Village Designer Outlet   Have an English tea in Fortnum and Mason or at the Ritz.  Good pub to eat: The Cow or the Westbourne in Notting Hill.  Fish and Chips: best at the seaside or in Yorkshire/ Lancashire/ North East. Brighton (South Coast) is easiest seaside from London.   A nearby castle: Windsor Castle or Tower of London. Warwick Castle is near Stratford.  Highgate Cemetery (has tours)or London Dungeon.  Stay in cottage: check out Alasdair Sawday Special Places to Stay.  Veg food- a lot of South Indian stuff specialises in interesting veg.  Ottolenghi is fashionable.
Sounds like she might be more suited to teaching younger children than you, for whom issues such as cadences and harmonies do not arise for several years.  Yes, you would be better suited by a different teacher; that does not invalidate your lessons though. Getting into good habits is an excellent thing.  4 months is a tiny amount of time though, although it will feel much longer as a) you have been playing independently and b) you are old enough to have your own mind about these things.  For me, it's more worrying that she doesn't know the answers to your questions than that she does not volunteer them as parts of your lesson.  When I have taught in this sort of situation, I have taught as little theory as possible in situations where I know the pupil is learning it at school or otherwise in music lessons. Because duplicating the stuff they can learn elsewhere means they get less good value out of the lesson. And I've tried to do as much of it as possible as homework, again so that the precious lesson time is more efficient.   But if the teacher does not know the things you want to know in the first place, that is not so good.
Yes, damn you from me too.  I can't (or rather, I shouldn't, as I have a lot to do) get any food to eat for 6 more hours.....
After 25 years in London, think how I feel now living in W Yorks. Even in my 1.0 litre car, I can always leave the lights first if I need to....
