I'm having this same dilemma. I have an old Getzlaf jersey from 2007 and then a Lovejoy jersey as it is but I want the new jersey we got this season.  I wanted to get a Silfverberg but I'm waiting until we re-sign him or something. I thought about getting a Jackman jersey but we only sign him 1 year at a time and I don't want him leaving as soon as I buy it. I REALLY want a Kesler jersey but he's another one I'm not sure about contract wise.
Haha I'm glad someone else from here saw them too. I got a picture with both of them. I was beyond stoked!   http://i.imgur.com/dwM6S9W.jpg  http://i.imgur.com/jCBpXGP.jpg?1  I didn't notice Gabby until I noticed Beauch so it wasn't a total shock factor I guess you could say. He was there with his wife and kid. His wife had a Ducks hoodie on, his son had a Ducks beanie on (he actually took the picture for me) and Gabby, as you can see in the picture, had a Ducks hat and polo on. I told him thanks for a great season and I hoped he could bring the cup back home to Anaheim next season. Providing he's still our coach..  Beauch was sitting 2 rows in front of me and I recognized him right away by his nose. I just went up to him and said "hey I know you're with your son and I don't want to bother you but is there any way I can get a picture with you?". And he was super nice about it and said yeah sure go ahead. I then told him that even though he might be disappointed about how things turned out that I was proud of the guys and thanked him for a great season and how I hope we re-sign him. But then I felt bad because I was the first one to get a picture with him then about 9-10 more people came down and wanted pictures haha.  Gabby didn't even know Beauch was there until he walked through the aisle to go up and get something. The look on each others faces was priceless to see. They chatted for a bit too then Gabby and his family left after around the 4th inning. Beauch happened to stay all the way through the 10 innings.   http://i.imgur.com/fRD5gbv.jpg
An original six team with more fans than a 23 year told team who is playing like utter shit right now...not surprised what so ever. It actually happens rather often. I'm a STH for the Ducks and we get outnumbered by opposing teams ALL THE TIME.  EDIT: And it's the fucking Wings, so duh.
I will be there my fowl brethren
Perry - Getzlaf - Benn has also been quite great for me as well.
I did the same with a real-time all base Ducks team. Got to D1 but could never really compete with my squad.  You gotta remember it all comes down to the dude with the controller in his hands 9 out of 10 times and not the players you have. BUT, I will say it was awesome being someone 5-0 or something and looking at their squad to see they were running an all MOV or TOTY team. Good times.
My MOV Kesler is seriously unreal. I've had him on my 2nd or 3rd line and no matter what roster I've used he's been absolutely unstoppable.
Well, in my personal experience it's worked EVERY time I've been in there. Whether I'm trying to trade a player or looking for a certain player. I've even had people specifically help me look for a certain player just because they wanted to. Never even asked them either. The trade/sell threads are probably one of the best on this sub hands down.
I use hybrid controls too and I've wondered this too. This same shit has always happened to me where my lines go 1-3-4-2. And my 4th line will also stay out the longest too. It's really odd.
bought some coins off him and he was extremely fast as well as polite.  would buy from again!
Yeah my MOV Kesler with the C on him got out skated by a back skating Clayton Stoner..
You act like us Ducks fans don't already know this shit haha. He was our coach before he was ours unfortunately.
Heatley was one of the worst card I've ever used. Had him on a line with MOV Perry and MOV Getzlaf at the time too. Such a bummer too because I was excited to use him.
Bought 400k off him. Went quick and easy. Would buy from again.
bought 200k extremely fast from him. would buy from again.
I'll miss him in Anaheim :(
Yeah those were the only ones that really looked appealing to me. Think I'll do that. Thanks!
Dude I totally feel you on the spawns. They are absolutely awful. Especially when I'm playing on Endor.
I never even got to use Dengar to experience the said 1 hitta quitta
So, technically no. I already knew how to select a certain mode in the playlist but I wanted to know if you could actually stay in said mode rather than having to quit every time and rejoin a WA.
Tis why I just quick sold him
Bought 500k, quick and easy. Also really cool and a fellow Duck fan like myself! Would buy from again if he wasn't going to go overseas and defend our freedom! Thanks again man and good luck!
I am chill buddy. Just saying.
Accidentally quick sold TOTY Kuzy last year. That was fun.
Your post will for sure get downvoted because nobody believes in ice tilt but I agree that there is something coded in the game or what not. Last year I packed my team to the gills and couldn't get to D1 so I sold everyone and made an all base team of the real-time Ducks roster (had a few LOW 80's and high 70's players in it) and I made it do D1 EASY and then won a title. So there's DEFINITELY something in the way the game works. I also think it's funny how people call it "momentum" when that doesn't make sense. How can Chara outskate someone with 95 speed going backwards in the opening minute of a game? Not momentum... As for this year and the synergies, I've used a team with only 1 player synergy and made it 4 divisions HIGHER than when I used a team with 4 player synergies and 4 team synergies. It's just bizarre.
That's cool though. I totally respect that and we definitely need more people in this sub who act and think like you do because I think this is great. And on how to avoid giving away to stacked teams? Eh I have no clue. You can't really say "oh let me check your team out" because they can change it and lie to you too easily. Only thing I've done in my 3 giveaways were try to check out their comment history. Look if they've posted their roster before or are asking for rare players in the trade thread or what not. Normally I'd say a new user would be prime for a giveaway but sadly a lot of trolls on here make new accounts to shit talk or to fake being a new user so they can have a chance at a giveaway. But hey, a giveaway is amazing and I hope it brings you good karma regardless.
We're twinsies!
I didn't downvote anything?
I've had him for a long time now and he's great for me. Best SS I've used.
Got a gold
I got patches and that's it if you don't count the Christmas Laine.
Nowhere. Already quick sold him and Bissonnette
I got Christmas Laine, a gold collectible and Patches. You DEFINITELY hit the lottery. Awesome pulls man, congrats.
Already quick sold both haha
Got a base Giroux for 1500. Already have his 90 TOTW but there was no way I could pass that price up
Better pick up Subban then. Cheapest AS captain as of now. Last night I got him for 135k.
My prayers go out to you and your family man. You guys will get through it! Mom's are fighters!
I wish. As a Ducks fan I bought 60 bronze packs total, 30 for each week, when Max Jones and Sam Steel were TOTW and I didn't pull shit. So bummed. I still look for them at least once a week and I have yet to see either.
So, Theo's sister is pretty attractive and Hampus's sister is literally Hampus in female form.
Lost 13 in a row a few weeks ago. Before that I had never lost more than 3 in a row. I stopped playing for 9 days then come back haha
I'm guessing you mean MOV Perry? Well he plays the exact same as his base right now (I have both his base and MOV) because of his lack of upgrades atm. But I'd say yes he's worth it. He has one of the best shots in the game IMO and he's just 4 points away from an upgrade to 90. Better get him now before his price inflates because of that.
Perry, Getzlaf, Seguin, Parise, Bergeron, MS Kesler, Pietrangelo, Weber. Hell, you might even be able to get MOV Simmonds at 60k like I did a week ago and play him until he gets an upgrade or 2.
no worries man! sorry about you having to get rid of your team! hopefully this one turns out better and you have more fun with it!
Haha I wasn't getting pissy I was just messing with you. Seemed like you were sleep talking to something so I had to comment to lol.   But to answer the OP's question, I'd expect them to remain the same because of Kolzig being legit and having it be a pretty easy set to complete.
Kesler. His MOV was EASY my best player last year and this season he's having his best year since 2010-11. Probably going to win the Selke too. So bummed.   It's even worse because I'm a Ducks fan and he's my favorite player in the league.
I use his MS too. I don't deke very often, especially with him so I don't really notice. He's a beast for me though with WW, PP, BS, B, CG and 1T activated.
Bought MOV Subban off him and he went above and beyond to help me out. EXTREMELY nice and patient. WILL and WOULD buy from again. Honestly will only buy from him again.
As a Ducks fan I can say this is fucking hilarious.  It's Ovi and it's not even close.
You got Pietro for 125k? Damn IMO that's a great grab. I think I paid 170k for him AT LEAST about 2-3 weeks ago.
Honestly not even surprised with Maroon. I miss that guy. I just KNEW he would be great somewhere else. He was never used very well with us which sucked
