A guy missed a chance in almost identical fashion to that first milik opportunity today in a game that i played in. Both times the player should have gotten over the ball imsteqd of snacthing at it. Poland could give this tournament a shake too, playing very neat football.
Had a go at martial for exaggerating yesterday on the united-boro match thread and copped so many downvotes. Useless cunts
13 years ago old mate drove off a cliff, the dumb cunt
Not as bad as my manager. Bloke decided he couldn't be fucked coming to our game and played 6th division instead because it was closer to his house
Bit late to the party but i sure am. I'm not worried at all but just to be safe i always jog in the opposite direction to traffic. Stops people sneaking up on you from behind or stalking you
I was hungry and had some left over rice but nothing else to go with it so i put mi goreng noodles with it and cheese. It was horrendous.
My sleeping pattern is completely ruined. Too much premier league
The girl is hot. I'm a simple man. I'll watch it
Mi goreng every night
I like vancouver girl
Good game. Now to hit the sack as I've gotta be up for a round of golf at 5:50
Feel for the lad. Hopefully he gets a good run in the team and makes some runs
I wish those cunts came to my cricket club. I'd be in the test team by now
Hello world, this is me
Thai for dinner. Really good
Currently observing a spider sucking out the juicy insides of another spider on the outside of my window. Scenes
I couldn't find anyone who shared my name. I guess I'm unique :(
How much leave do new fathers get in the UK? If he misses a few games you certainly couldn't begrudge him, however he will want to play if he isn't too sleep deprived.
I'd be the absolute worst at this because I'm not a massive fan of weddings. Don't really like the idea of having everyone focus their attention on me but then again, they say that the wedding is for the lady, and the proposal for the man.
Used to play cricket with a bloke called the wiz
I'm kind of over seeing this hulking sloth of a human everywhere. There are always 2-3 threads on the front page about him and he's obviously in the news all the time. I just couldn't give a shit about US politics, I'm far more concerned about our own leaders and the jobs that they're doing.
Please, will listen every night. Probably watch a bit too on foxtel but the radio is amazing
Yeah no. I've played both FB and CM for my local team and FB was a undoubtedly harder.
Pffft, you guys should come to australia. I live 20km from the city and the median house price here in a normal suburb is already above $1m. It goes up the closer you get too.
In melbs mate
I like vancouver girl. She might not be the hottest but best girlfriend material by far
First game of the 2003 World Cup. Symmo made 150 and waqar got taken out of the attack for bowling beamers at him
Was playing seniors at 15. Good fun. Averaged 46 as an opening batsman
I have a mate who is half italian and his nickname is genuinely "salami". When he gets a missus i reckon we're going to have to give him a few ideas
She makes me sad. Always crashes out here and she's one of my favourite players
Went to the same school as the founders of the genie army. One of my mates' brother is in it
It's at about this time of the year that I fall in love with genie. At least until she gets bundled out in the second round and leaves me disappointed. This is quality tennis
Girls aren't less intelligent than boys, It's simply a choice. When I did year 12 a couple of years ago there were 3 girls in my physics class, just 1 in my specialist maths class and 4 in my maths methods class. Admittedly my school wasn't the smartest going around but there were certainly more than 4 girls/100 in my year that could have managed that level of work. Since these subjects are some of the prerequisites for STEM subjects at uni, it isn't surprising that there are less females in these fields. They simply don't want to do the subjects. Dumbing them down won't be beneficial in any way.
The girls on tinder in Newcastle have the roughest fucking heads
Gonna watch this show for delta
My under 16s team from 3 or 4 years back had genuinely better fielders than this. I took a one-handed screamer to get a shitcunt from vermont out
Have fucking work at 10:45. This match is like the last meal before someone is executed.
Reckon every kid circa 2010 got one, except me although i got a prem ball a couple of years later
Tutututututut....well, how's his wife holding up?
Just the casual $4k
His wife
Saw him live a couple of times, the bloke is a sick cunt. Was scared anytime he got the ball on their forward 50.
Swinburne? I have 3/4 exams there starting on thursday. I had my first one this morning on campus. Saw i cute as girl that I'll never see again
I spent 3 or 4 years looking for casual/part-time work in the admin field. No one would hire me because I was young (depsite doing a specific course to land a job), relatively inexperienced and tbh probably because I'm male. Now I work at maccas casually whilst attending uni.
It's in burwood east. Everyone refers to burwood east as burwood. Fuck burwood, we don't like them.
My cousin might get a go in the future with a few more teams. She plays in the women's rep comp or development league or whatever it is at the moment. Would be pretty sick
Just got home from work. I'm stuffed
I look nothing like either of my parents lol
Walked past a bloke in a suit who was sat, passed out at a bus stop on flinders street at about 4:30 this morning. Vomit everywhere and the poor sod looked like he'd pissed himself too. Hope he's alright
Oh well. I'm proud that we outplayed one of the best teams in the world. Maybe there is some hope for us as long as we don't continue to give away shit goals. Also shows that mooy and rogic aren't as important as first thought
