I always really did hate her in the comics, i liked Gwen more. I was just hoping for an excuse to see them fuck.
I think because i play Smash more than any fighting game i can teach myself how to do it, but i remember screwing up so much in MvC3 and accidently using a super move.
Think i threw up in my mouth.
Thank you for this tip, and Happy New Years.
I don't know how well received MLP stuff is here considering the [most controversial post](https://www.reddit.com/r/rule34/comments/1gmnf1/rainbow_dash/) in the sub is MLP.  I personally don't have a problem with it. Nice work.
The giant statue guy from Ninja Blade. It made me quit the game entirely.
I have several questions.
Yeah i got the butt after like 5 tries.
If my waifu [Cory Baxter](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/unanything/images/9/92/1hlkvo23.jpeg/revision/latest?cb=20150908081355) isn't accepted i will make such a scene
I'd get the last DLC i'm missing from Hyrule Warriors and the rest for Bayonetta.
I bought a Rock Candy for my PC and it looks like a regular Xbox controller with cooler start/select buttons and blue.
I remember in a game on 2fort the entire team was in RED's sewers congaing. Then one dick Pyro from BLU came in and flamed all the RED's. There are times when you can put aside your differences and dance.
Well then it turns out i'm a racist.
I was so afraid it was going to end before he finished.
You think thats bad, my birthday back in July I went to Nintendo Land for my birthday and when I got back I found out Iwata died.
I post in the comments frequently and I can snap crowbars in two. I think i'm deserving of a gold flair.
police  please  my address is 123 help
Early Life Peter Parker was born in Queens to CIA agents Richard and Mary Parker. While Peter was still an infant, his parents were assigned to infiltrate the Algerian based spy ring controlled by the communist agent, the Red Skull (Albert Malik). The moment the Red Skull learned that Richard and Mary were double agents, he had them killed by one of his agents, the Finisher, in an airplane crash overseas and then framed them for treason.[21] Peter went to live with his uncle and aunt, Ben and May Parker, in Forest Hills, New York; they became Peter’s surrogate parents and raised him as if he were their own son. Over the next nine years, Parker grew to be extremely bright in science and became a high honors student at Midtown High School. Parker's shyness and scholastic interest often made him a social outcast and a target for bullies, primarily football star Flash Thompson.
I got to 400,500+ before my sister closed the tab while I was at work.
You look like [Kevin from Game Grumps](https://41.media.tumblr.com/b8963480cf56f9fdbca57ee69f5d5ff6/tumblr_ngpy5cz6pc1ts1r9uo1_500.jpg).  Either that or I might just be racist.
Pokemon XD Gale of Darkness holds a special place in my heart.
My Star Wars headcannon is that under every stormtrooper is an anime girl.
I was young but I remember pointing out to my mom that they screwed up.
I know. That's why I know it won't happen. But still, Even if they are 10+ years apart I would love it.
Ive noticed. I didn't know it was so disliked.
And that's why I can't play one round of any online game without a 12 year old calling me a nigger.
Mac Black, I'm okay with this.
I've only actually seen article headlines about this. Tell me he ain't for real.
My anxiety isn't worse but it is pretty bad when around extended family. Plus thinking about how quickly they can become complete douches if you happen to disobey them.   Then again maybe other people are more close with there families. All of mine are the obnoxious rich kind.
I've had a lot of favorites over the years. Currently it's Infernape, he's an adorable fire monkey.
I actually have a headache that hurts in the back of my head right now. I was hoping for the answer.
Nah, i'm more of a Marvel guy. Are they comparable?
Dude when I was 5 I wanted to be a fireman. You don't usually stick onto stuff like that.
Serebii hasn't said it's out yet. I just checked and I haven't gotten mine yet.
I probably wouldn't even be able to make Pikmin listen to me.
[Here are most of the ones I use.](http://imgur.com/a/gRi0U) If it's not already noticable, I like Spider-Gwen.
Probably the song during the levels in SMW3D with the pink and blue blocks that switch in tone with the song. I forgot the name but i'm pretty sure it's my favorite because of SuperPPPU.
One of them  is named Usatame, I think the other is Foxy something. Both of them are great though.
Dingleberry always made me laugh even if it is gross.
I usually down two or three Advil PMs. Probably not healthy at all but it works.
I don't want to like this. But I just don't have the willpower.
I'm really glad I enabled the NSFW thumbnails to show like regular ones do. Saved me a bunch of rick rolls.
Spider-Man for N64. It was pretty much my favorite game in the world back when it came out.
Ice. I usually just get an Ice type move and give it to my water type if I ever have the need for it. Which is usually only for Dragon type E4s/Gym Leaders.
I have played them. And I do think they're relaxing. Something about simple 3D platformers like Mario Sunshine and Ratchet and Clank are relaxing to me.
I'll be the gem /u/MasterRedx. My gem weapon is weaponized procrastination.
I was raised by a single mother with two younger sisters. I don't think I was raised to hate women.
As a bisexual this is so fucking angering. Asking a trans person what gender they are leads into a panic attack but it's completely okay to call an entire group of people disgusting for what they're into.   This is literally the equivalent of someone going on social media and saying all gay people are disgusting because of what they like. I mean holy shit I honestly don't understand how people can be this fucking hipocritical.
I had to spend the money because I didn't know where the school was. I mapped out the route while in the cab so I didn't have to pay for another one.
I usually use the given names for the protags. I hope it's something good this time, they've been doing some weird ones recently. (Orlando, Hilbert, ect.)
