Haha well I don't know about there but Hamilton has a disproportionate amount of white trash scum bags to normal people.  Kinda, really sucks.
I agree. I know it must be difficult going to your life is a man when mentally and emotionally inside you are a woman. But it's becoming easier in society now to become the person you think you are inside and also physically change your appearance to match what you were feeling mentally. I'm not saying it's as easy as going to the doctor and getting a mole removed, but this individual in the picture based on what I know about him definitely deserves the courage award. It takes so much courage to overcome what he has and accomplish everything he has done after losing two limbs.  My apologies for any spelling mistakes I am using voice to text.
Oh I agree with you 100%. And I'm sure it does happen other places with the exception of countries that allow you to just buy the toy by itself.  When I was 10 years old I would buy small bags of chips to get a sticker with a picture of my favorite wrestlers on it (Jake the snake, Andre the giant etc). And there came a point when I was throwing the chips in the garbage and just keeping the stickers.
I wish I had some of that stuff. Wouldn't make my vegetarian girlfriend happy. I have an alligator head at home. Small one. I like the one you have standing up. Where did you get the elephant foot? I was guessing rhino btw.
My ex-wife had to go through the same thing at your daughters age. I know how stressed out and afraid you must be but everything will go fine. This day and age with the medical technology and practices it we have you have nothing to worry about
Really? Wow. I never knew any while I was single. Would have liked to find out
I hear ya. Must have gotten to you and slowly felt like "you" we're hurting them, am i right? I'd last there a short while only.
My girlfriend has at least one as well. Doesn't seem to go away. It's been there a few months at least. I'm convinced that it's a "pimple" or something similar. And if it was squeezed old keratin would come out. Like a blackhead etc
Do you have keratosis pilaris? I do and I have to squeeze the clogged hair follicles to get rid of the gross bumps they make on my arms and other areas. I hate it. Tanning is the only way that gets rid of them. Not sure why. If I go to a tanning bed a couple times a week for say 5 mins on medium strength it fixes me up.
I'm so jealous. That's an amazing haul! Where do you live to get such great berries already?
He looks like a huge douche bag. My condolences OP. I have an idiot step brother also. Luckily I never have to see him. He's a stoner idiot too. Got arrested for having a grow-op in his rental house few years back.  He's a total idiot so I feel your pain.   http://imgur.com/b6wynTp  http://imgur.com/RjSAlry
I've been to jail for a short period a few years ago. I'm a recovering addict so it was inevitable. Anyway I would have never ever let me kids come see me that way. That being said it's a baby in this photo. So it wouldn't know what's going on per se.
Damn. Those are huge blackheads.  I've never had one that big. Sadly I have almost perfect skin.
He is a quote from one of the UK men that hired Louise Hunter for a "party". Make sure you're not eating as you read.   "When I arrived I found the living room covered in plastic sheeting, and the two girls in the living room chatting and the rest of the guys drinking and chatting. Having got changed into my latex the party got underway, with both girls pissing on each other, and inviting us chaps to piss on them. French kissing Kira, covered in piss was a memory I'll keep for a while, as was licking piss off her amazing tits, all the while being encouraged to do more.  I rimmed Kira's ass hole deeply while she rimmed another chap preparing to shit, she tasted great, with other peoples piss running down her back too.  Once the shitting began, both girls were keen to stuff their faces, covering each other, sharing shit from numerous guys and asking for more! I had time constraints meaning I had to leave before emptying my arse, but really regret not doing so- these girls are the real deal!  Looking forward to the next one."
I'm in Canada and that's also true here. It's fucking bullshit. No wonder so many dads that can afford support don't give it and would rather just buy the kids clothes and pay for hockey and camps etc
Sorry should have mentioned I recently went through the EXACT situation with my GF and her family etc
That's funny I did a project on the whales when I was in grade 3. And now I'm a marine biologist.  .....actually I have no job :(
I don't know how to get/check for mine. My tonsils are not very visible.
That suit is awesome. I'm wanting to get the right drawing of that diving suit for my next tattoo. If anyone can help....btw
Oh I know. You're talking to a former punk rock boy. Oi!
I have literally never smelled that bad in my life. And I'm a heroin addict in recovery who has at certain points in my life not washed for a couple days.
I gotta say...I am impressed. Biggest one I've ever seen. I'm a recovering heroin addict. So I've been seriously constipated in my life. And I've never EVER dropped a brown trout that big. 🙏🏻
good for you. That's usually not what gets people to quit. Not by a long shot. It often has to be jail, family stop speaking to them or overdosing multiple times. Even then that's not always enough. I've been using on and off literally my whole life starting at 13 and what finally did it for me was being thrown out of my house by my girlfriend and being on the streets for a week with no money, clothes etc. now she's being very very supportive and is proud of the progress Ive made since that relapse and its all been for the greater good.
Told her it said "tuna" wrote it upside down
I wish I was that thin
I love how you guys describe this shit like you were ACTUALLY climbing the mountains somewhere. Or like you actually have gone outside in the last 6 months. I play games too. I have 2 GTX 970s but Jesus....I think you go a little too deep into this stuff.
Had the exact one from the gap 2 years ago. Wasn't too sure about it.
Your wife is quite the cutie. You better shape up or ship out you drunken hooligan!!
I'm on methadone and this happens to me. Not that bad of course. But it still happens. I was told it causes water retention but now I see that is what is happening, correct?
Glad to hear that you are clean. Keep it up. One day at a time is solid advice. And always kick yourself forward, not down my friend.  I didn't have this water retention when I wasn't on methadone. I've read many places that it does cause that. Plus first hand I can say the weight gain is horrible. 60 lbs plus once I hit 80-85 mg! But ya my ankles do that same thing when I have socks on all day or so.
My uncle's.   ~~chop~~ shop at closing time.
Not to mention it's not a happy thing to be an addict. No one wakes up and thanks god that their an alcoholic or heroin addict ever morning. Being an addict is a very sad lonely place and sadly the only way to cope with that for most is to keep getting high or blackout drunk
I'll be honest. I edited the photo to see her butthole.
I'm surprised reddit hasn't blow this up with upvotes because of the friggin Subaru
Ahh too bad. I'd like something interesting like that. I have a couple things like this; turtle shell And alligator skull/head.
Those red PSU cables are sold out everywhere. Can't get them where are i am.  Note: no need to link to a PC store in Norway that has them, by assuming I live where you do.
At least you learn when and when not to try to for those affections. You should have a better understanding of when it truly is a possibility. And when it's just a ridiculous, impossible situation that you have no chance of anything except losing your pride.  The worst time it happened to me ( and ONLY time) was when I was working with a pretty girl. I had her phone number for work reasons. We all had each other's. So I called her, no answer, but I left a message asking if she wanted to "grab a pint". Looking back it was a lame message I think. I never heard back from her but as soon as I saw her at work I could tell the excuse she was giving me was pre-rehearsed. It was a very uncomfortable 5-6 seconds while I just waved it off as no big deal; don't worry about it sort of thing. I never did such a thing again.
My wife and I were talking about it and we don't follow American elections too closely. But there was always the possible thought that he could win and be your next president. Slim chance is a chance right.
My girlfriend's gonna kill me!
Guess I was poor.
I just started using Windows 10 and I thought "Edge" was IE so I tried browsing online with it and all sorts of pop ups and bullshit started bombarding me more than ever before. Even installed some browsers and other "fix my PC" stuff. Terrible. I had no idea how bad that was.
I had one of these
There's a trial going on right now in my home province of Ontario (the city of Toronto) regarding a youth who waved a knife around in an empty streetcar and ended up getting shot to death by police. The police constable is charged with murder. After reading about him personally in the newspaper, he sounds like a overdriven macho bully. Who was just waiting to shoot someone. That scares me a lot. Some police officers SHOULD NOT be police officers. But they don't get figured out until it's too late usually. Sadly they give some great, noble policemen a bad reputation.
I don't know why this happened to me for the first time in my life last year from the stuff I was getting from my "usual" guy. It had to be the stuff in particular because it didn't happen again with different stuff. Really hated it though. Anyone here from Hamilton ontario? How would I go about finding someone in my area?
Canadian themed? Maple leaf? I love new balance. It's all I'm comfortable in. Where did you get these beauties?
As someone who doesn't have a good relationship with my parents also (barely speak to one, not at all to the other) I know how good little wins like this can feel. Enjoy. Take little steps of need be and you'll get there with her.
Damn I've been through that drunken hell more than once. I always secretly was pissed off at those "friends". And then you have the friend who's mother sets you up with a spare bed and nice fresh smelling blankets and sheets. Better than at home!
You're moving up in the world now! Please take me with you :)
Me either. I mean it's not the worst thing I've seen. But I'm moving to Russia.
I hear you. I'm lucky to have a place now.
