Okay, okay. I'll stop. You're right about it being a trivial thing.
Thanks! I may get the MSI GTX 970.
On the bright side, everyone has cool stories about skipping class while i've never skipped a single class and I feel boring.
Thanks. The game looks good so I may buy for my PS Vita or PC if I build a PC.
Ah, okay. Thanks, i'll try it out next week when I reinstall Fedora.
I use a Dualshock controller because Playstation is the best station.
Okay, that is accurate. I apologize for my previous reply.
I do it with my cat.
Okay, thanks. I may get it with the GTX 970 :)
Thanks. I've been trying to get into Jazz and I really like these.
I must admit that i've never tried it in Linux. [It's supported](https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Sixaxis) but it's much easier in OS X because extra software isn't needed. I've only used the Linux program to connect it to my phone but not my Linux laptop which doesn't have bluetooth :P
No problem. I also recommend reviews. Text and video reviews. Headfi is a great forum and it also has great reviews.   Also, the MDR10R is supposed to be an affordable version of the MDR1R. It doesn't sound as good as the 1R and is smaller but it is affordable. They're bassy headphones so you'll like them if you want bass over an accurate sound signature (most people do) and if you listen to bassy music. In other words the 10R will have good bass but the mids and highs may not be as good as the AudioTechnica. The Sony headphones will still have better bass than the AudioTechnica. This is why it's great to test your headphones before buying them. It's like a flavor of sound.    Your mind is probably set but there is an older version of the ATH M50x for the ATHM50 which costs $135 and the older [V-Moda LP](http://uncrate.com/p/2010/05/v-moda-crossfade-xl.jpg) (which is bass heavy) costs only $120.
It's a ["higher low-end"](http://i.imgur.com/wP6Hhi3.png) laptop. The newer phones and tablets are more powerful.  I don't use it very often.
I could but it's not worth making an account.   I wish that Engadget still used Disqus.
That is correct though i'm more a "dot hack" guy :)
The best thing about the Motorola Xperia Priv is that I can install ROMs from Motorola, Sony and BlackBerry 😉
Play the game whichever way you want.  I used a map for one of the dungeons. Likewise for Dragon Quest 1.
No problem, I'll be happy to give you a more in-depth guide if you run into difficulties.
I'm pretty good at it.  http://imgur.com/d6W0t4m
I use the PS4 controller
I tapped the screen :)
Persona 5, Disgaea 5 and Uncharted made me buy a PS4.
Uhhh, I gotta change my passwords if Tumblr got hacked.
Thanks for info. I really want a Sony DAC for my phone and laptop :)
Yeah, I grinded like crazy in the final dungeon and got all kinds for OP materia like Knights of The Round because Sephiroth was hyped to be this unstoppable, incredibly strong character. I owned him like it was nothing.  It's not just Sephiroth, the entire game was easy.
He was one of my favs from the start.
I bought my PS4 for $299 in December. Sweetest deal ever.
&gt;The only reason I still have my ps3 is to play the ps1 era FF games, and persona 4.  You can do this with a Vita too :)
Well, the 1200 model is much quieter than original so maybe that's why mine isn't very loud :)  https://www.reddit.com/r/PS4/comments/3lt3p2/how_loud_is_the_cuh1200_revision_at_close_range/
Picked up FF8 and 9. Wooohooo!
The entire back of the Xperia X is made of aluminium so the NFC chip needs to be placed in the side or the front.   Other metal phones have plastic or glass antennae for the NFC. I personally believe that they're all ugly but that's just my unimportant opinion.   It's form vs function and Sony went with form. I kinda support the decision, I love a beautiful smartphone.
Oh, I understand. The PS Store never maxes out my bandwidth and so games download slower than they should. This allows me watch YouTube, Netflix, play Battlefield multiplayer and all sorts of stuff but it's understandable if your connection is unstable. Sounds like a bummer.
Thanks for suggestion. I'll try if I set up the NAS :)
Dunno. I pre-ordered the game and I got a rare top-tier lure (with the white sign) that works well on all fishes.   The last two sidequests [here](https://samurai-gamers.com/final-fantasy-15-ffxv/navyths-sidequests-final-fantasy-15-ffxv/) should help you. Go to the spots in the last two quests (with the appropriate gear) and keep fishing there...make sure to get the rare fish like the  Vesper Gar and Murk Grouper.
I had that happen to my S4 too but it was caused by a poorly designed case.
I am a diehard Sony fanboy. Check out my post history.   Any more questions? Replies may come in late though.
I guess I'm buying Persona 5 then.
Sorry to hear that bro.
I bought Bloodeborne recently, I regret not buying Dark Souls 2 or 3. I prefer the dungeons and dragons setting over the horror setting.
I would be angry too if everyone from my country was killed and I was a survivor with a bounty on my head.
I love Atelier and I would love a more story oriented Atelier game in same vain as Final Fantasy and Persona.  I've also sworn off Compile Heart so there goes Dark Rose Valkyrie.
I've had an issue with Debian but not with any other distro.
Never happened to me.
And here I was about to buy a 256GB card....  I'll wait for 1TB.
Thanks, it's hard to get girls like the type you described around here but I'll look.
18 here
What if you're hideous and boring like me?
Thanks hun 😘
We don't have our own store in the Caribbean. We just use the NA store (it is part of NA after all)...but we use the American version. $60USD to our currency is $162.  The import tax is exactly I mostly buy digital games despite preferring the physical versions. Buying a copy store would cost you a little over $300 in local currency.   A Galaxy S8 or iPhone cost a little over $3000 and loads of people buy it. I prefer Sony phones...I'm very loyal to Sony.
What kind of quirkiness?    I'm quirky, maybe I could be a great speaker.
