Yea I get the time zone thing. Maybe change PM to CST?
They do it to me every time.
Ooh good to know. I'm pretty powerful though, I have all 5 war Chiefs and the whole top row in the second area, made the end really easy. I'll just brand and betray, the usual orc business.
Sorry I'm not too sure what your question is. Are you asking how to make a deal with the devil? I don't think there is one hard and fast way.   My faustian bargain came this way- I was at the music store, and there was this bitchin guitar. It was 700 big ones though, and I didn't have that kind of money! So I left. Outside though, there was this man. His skin was pale white, his face covered by a black hood, but I could see his eyes- baby blue. He offered me the money on exchange for my soul. I was never a fan of Blues, so I took the deal. The sucker though- he gave me the check and just walked away! Never even asked how to collect his.   Anyways the check was good and I got the guitar. In retrospect I wish I had asked to be good at it. I can never find the time to practice, and I only know a few chords, so it basically just sits there in my living room. I'm thinking about trading it for a PS4. Anyone want it?
I love kincades, on Tuesday and Thursday? Best wings, so cheap.
Good offer, too bad I'm 300 miles away and also drinking at home.
I STILL haven't gotten my refund from last year. At this point, I am just counting those 75 dollars as gone.
Haha I wish. 1990 man.
I've seen this one a hundred times
"I was shitposting on reddit."  "Checks out."
Holy shit I am DEFINITELY buying these now. They literally made that family happy!
It was a veerry long 1.
I am sick from laughing
Ahh come on, it was early, no coffee yet, AND I was commuting on the train. I'm leaving it.
But then I'd have no money...
So you can understand that, in general, women dislike catcalls. They can avoid catcalls by wearing headphones. It is not being 'full of themselves,' it's eliminating an annoyance and a danger. I do the same thing, but to avoid panhandlers and clipboard carriers.
Am I suck at it. I lost the game for my team three times in 5 games.
This was before his career started. He dropped out of school after this.
In Cincinnati there is a highway called Ronald Reagan highway. I call it Cross County DAMNIT!
I worked at Michigan and Monroe and there were a few guys who went up and down the street.
At 60657, about half of our wedding RSVPS were mis-delivered. We also had credit cards and government documents never show up. My wife's medical school diploma was delivered in a shredded envelope.  EDIT: Completely forgot, we mailed a cashiers check from that zip as well, never showed up.
I play it in Cincinnati... So it's kinda foreign, Yea.
Haha back when this place was the Chicago Theater (8 or 9 years ago) I went to many, many free shows here. Someone in my group would get 10 free tickets every month or so. They never realized we were 18 so we weren't buying booze. Most shows sucked, but I did see the Sklar brothers who were pretty good.
Blocked at work unfortunately. I have followed Scott Adams for years and saw his descent into madness.  You seem like a nice person.
My wife ordered my christmas gifts off amazon. They were delivered to Lasership, and were supposed to arrive that night by 9 PM. Well I didn't hold my breath, but she checked the app and... it said delivered at 8:40! But we had been there and there was no package.  So we opened a ticket, amazon said, wait another 24 hours. Still nothing, so we contacted them again. They said 'well I guess it is lost' and shipped a new package. Also delivered by Lasership, but it actually arrived that time.   Two weeks later (so, 16 days after it was supposed to be delivered?) there is a package on our doorstep! Surprise Surprise, its the original. Sent that back to amazon.
OMG don't even get me started on what my wife makes... she's a first year resident. I think if we threw ALL of her salary into her loans, they wouldn't accrue any more interest. Guh.  Good luck with applications.
My first winter in Cincy since coming down from Chicago. Obviously less snow here, but then again I didn't drive much in Chicago, and it was completely flat. I got to work OK, but going home I climb 2 big hills (Whetsel is the big one). Should I just say fuck it and take 71 with the traffic, or will the roads be pretty clear?
Haha! Is that spicy vodka? I could never do the spicy liquors, too much pain all at once for me. What I CAN do is tequila shots with cholula and lime juice. Yum.
Oh god my pants...
It's a little more work, but I find it worthwhile to use butter instead of olive oil, and stuff the cavity with a lemon and some herbs.
Damn, I moved back a few months ago. Oh well, I get Skyline whenever I want now.
I decided last minute to go down to Grant Park for the rally on election night. An incredible moment that I hope I never forget.
We plan on having a plan
&gt; 3392 Erie Ave  Good to know, I go to Keystone occasionally. Their lot is always full.
Op, I worked for an assistance company for 4 years and currently work for a company that does travel insurance (not Allianz, and we do not really compete with them much).  I think that Allianz is a bit confused here - they are probably looking at this from the view of you being ON THE TRIP when the accident occurs, which is why they want to be notified in 24 hours so the assistance company could medically monitor the case. I would file an appeal - explain you were not yet on the trip, this occurred in the home area, and that you are not filing a claim under the medical, medical evacuation, repatriation, or trip interruption benefit, but under the trip cancellation benefit.
Seriously, a friend of mine sold their spot in the West Loop for 50k. For a parking spot. Crazy.
Yeaaa I'm not gonna slip someone a fiver to humiliate myself a little quicker. I still like the place though, went there for my 21st.
How do I learn how to do this. My mom's mower is running poorly.
I'm getting tickets for Saturday, I GOTTA see those baton twirlers.
oh. Then nobody take financial advise from me. I looked it up, and what is called 'Tax-Loss harvesting' does something similar, but replaces the sold security with a SIMILAR security, not the same.
That number isn't income, it is net worth, and it is negative. So assets (cash, stocks, car) minus liabilities (credit card debt, mortgage, and the big one I am sure, student loans).
&gt; Filing multiple state or non-resident state returns  I moved states this year, earning income in both. Does this mean I cannot use CK to file these taxes?
Hell I encourage it. I point out small things, take pictures, etc. I've never been charged extra.
No, I was wrong. I thought it was a tax deduction.
Fuck. I refuse to concede that is a Crap beer. However, after a long day o work, Crap beers are great. I don't need anything interesting after a 14 hour kitchen shift.
That guy with the crazy hair is Jaden? He looks different than the last time I thought of him 4 years ago.
The Children's residency is, obviously, very good. I know a lot of people who were initially disappointed with being placed in Cincinnati, but after a few weeks/months, pretty much all of them love it and the city.
When I worked there 10 years ago, the crusts came frozen. I am sure it has only gone downhill by then.
&gt; pool ball kinetic machine...  seriously one of the coolest things. Some of my earliest memories are running around the mostly empty halls, and then watching this thing in wonder for what seemed like hours.
My dog loves almost everything. Little kids, women, men, other dogs. But I have seen her scared and uncomfortable enough times to make sure she is always on her damn leash. It is for her safety. It is for everyone else's safety. It is for the squirrels safety.
