I'm actually quite excited about him having Khali on the podcast next week.
That was pretty much desi-hindi. He was trying to stay in hindi but moved pretty often into hindi. It's like hearing my drunk uncle trying to speak hindi.
preparing for an exam on tuesday :(
things can look so bright once you see them from a distance. and yeah that's what I've been doing for the past couple of days. Although the first week was tough as it comes.
Writing a test on saturday...sooo gotte prepare a bit today. That'll be a fun friday. Sadly no NFL today, so not a lot I can watch while studying.
This is one of the more ridiculous ones but boy is it fun. Just having 10 free social policies as poland after every era or getting money for buying land as the USA. Gotta play is today after Uni!
Thanks for that...didn't realize it after like 600hrs of playing.
25 here: It takes me a whole day after a bad night of drinking to recover. Just started with a "less alcohol" diet. Problem is, that most of my friends are students who work part time (max 12-15hrs a week) and I work full time already and am doing my masters degree as well. Soo... those bastards have the time to recover. I don't.
Austria.
Wieselburger Stammbräu is my personal favourite. After that Stiegl Goldbräu.
I love to drive on that track in any F1 sim.
25, working on my masters thesis is currently the worst thing. Like I know I should be doing that but working fulltime surely doesn't help with motivation.
I srsly need to sort out my time management issues or else I'm in huge trouble in regard to my masters thesis I have to write till end of the year.   I'm working fulltime and studying as well. I've got 3 major exams coming up til end of june and my mentor wants me to hand in the exposé of the thesis til end of this week and I'm pretty sure that it's a near impossible thing to do.
I did two of these. Both around noon CEST.
I know how the ğ sounds but can't figure a way to type it out.
And we have rather large eastern european community here. so yeah, quite lucky here.
For me it's always Rosicky, that guy has been in the czech NT like forever now.
I bought some picks of destiny in 2009 or so. They still randomly appear somewhere in my appartment.
I do the John Cena shirt take off thing sometimes. But only if the sleeves are loose enough.
Austria. Although we might have already blown it.
Was there a couple of years ago. Am excited to see familiar places. Also the tower section will be interesting.
We did too! Yey 3rd place club.
Alright, found a new club to support.
all that andes hight-training paying off, man.
Yooo good luck.
Living in austria: Cricket is definitely a niche passion.
wrong toothpase-tube habits. i.e., if I'm the top-to-bottom-squeezer you should definitely not be the somewhere-in-the-middle-squeezer.  edit: jeez man, the reasons on this thread are anything but subtle.
Will you get me a coffee as well while you're at it? There seems nothing going on in the match yet.
we all are man.
Ah the bittersweet moments of being fan of the Austrian NT. Bitter? Well, we rarely win anything. Sweet? That's the "next time around then" moments.
Vienna here: we jaywalk as we like to but if children are nearby there's no jaywalking.
Austrian here: We had our fair share in WW2 and had a whole year of history curriculum dedicated to the war. With field trips to concentrationcamps, visiting survivors and went to an hospital where they used to "treat" kids with behavioural issues.  All in all, you learn really everything there is about the war. The curriculum spans from history lessons to other subjects such as english or german as well.
Have a good paying job with future perspective and am a masters thesis away from grabbing my masters diploma. And scored the goal to the 3:2 in our football game yesterday where I played right defender.
A nice shower, well fitting clothes and a good mood. That shit gives me so much confidence that I feel super sexy.
Yup, I have a couple of those "don't touch them near dad" topics. Politics is definitely one of them.
Same with the austrian presidential elections. I voted but will go nowhere near a discussion about whom I voted for and why.
Sad to hear this on the one hand but on the other this leaves the LB position to Alaba and opens up the midfield for one of the better suited players.   I'm quite excited to see the changes coming into the team towards the WC qualifiers.
Not messy at all. Except for a couple of condoms in the garbage nothing really there to be embarrassed of.
ICH WAR NOCH NIE AUF R/DE. MUSS ICH WOHL MAL ÄNDERN. FROHES NEUES, FOTZE!
Am an ERP Software Consultant, specializing in financial services such as loan and leasing. Have a ba in business, doing my masters.
Couple of things here. First, working out on a regular basis and secondly reducing the amount of meat and alcohol I consume. Game changer guys.
Cricket training tomrrow and after that we're choosing our new shirts because the austrian CA decided to go with the white ball from next season on. Dumbasses.
I love to stand in the middle of a gras field and hit leatherballs with a wooden bat. Occasionally I like to throw the ball aswell
Going to try couple of these things in next nets session! I can see how my stance isn't quite there yet.
As of now... I watch sports every now and then. Focus on soccer, F1 and sometimes the NFL. Oh and wrestling. But thats...you know for the storylines.
You guys are still more into cricket than we are in Austria. But hey, we're moving to white-ball cricket come summer.
Club's getting coloured kits for white ball cricket. Man, I never knew that SO MANY places offer printing them in India/Pakistan. Alibaba is filled with places that print the clothes.
Sharjeel with a SR &lt;100. That's new for me.
Hey there Mrs Bong!
Beer's out on the balcony, Pizzas are prepped to be cooked once into the rumble.
