my family is from india. over there most girls using the trains avoid makeup, perfume and nice clothes to save themselves the hassle of attracting anybody's attention. these slutwalk and femen "protests" aimed at democratic and correctly policed societies seem to be more of a social gathering than "fighting" for any cause - you don't realise how good we have it that most people in our society already stand against violence towards women. in india there is a literal shortage of women, because many would-be baby girls are aborted by families rejecting anything other than boys. i spit on your pretentiousness, showing your tits and calling it feminism...
hey, i also wanted to add: if you find that it stops working suddenly one day, without changing anything, it might simply be that your router has assigned your devices a different IP address. to "fix", go into your router's control panel and assign each of your devices a permanent IP address (by entering their MAC addresses). that way everyone will stay put!  again, very cool tweak, very grateful, and thanks for the tutorials and tips :)
yea, it seems all a blur now :-/   although, i remember thinking "i still have questions, but i'm just glad it's over", and not waiting for new episodes, biting my nails for answers, making sense of crap on 4815162342.com, lol
this is so nri indian, omg! i know soo many of these women! they've been imported into a strange country and live only to serve their arranged husband - it is the saddest thing, lawd. they don't drive, care to learn the local language, so forget the tv, going shopping, hell contact with anyone else (especially if there aren't other indians around). the beginning of the movie 'namesake' made a solid caricature. rural indians, man..    edit: i forgot the most important part. they become so dependent on their husband, that they need him around every waking minute. but it's only natural that he can't or has work or just needs a little break, man, and they'll take it as a bad omen, "holy shit it's not the happily ever after from bollywood and mythology of yore!", and they grow bitter, and then fat, then they die from diabetes. what a miserable life i just painted :-/
i am crying, and my sides hurt. thanks
The rain pelted down. Me and the wife cowered under a newspaper, in the middle of the evening traffic. Not a free cab in sight. We meander further and further down the street, until at last one signals he's stopping. I feel a presence yet again. Not this time!   I rush my wife into the taxi. "Where'll it be, mate?", the driver turns round.   Jackman.
i love your website and i use it very often, you guys are doing a great thing!
my favourites:   - hardcore lesbian scissoring, up 918%   - top pornstar: kim kardashian   - holiday that reduced traffic the most in india was brother-sister day/raksha bandan (aww! or, ew?)
that's why, since then, i always close the goddam lid
you called me an asshole and are characterising me as mad about 'nothing' - am i the only one with a "narrative"?   i am of immigrant descent. it INFLAMES me when people take it that immigrant workers have zero ethics and will bow to any requests by employers.
yes, this is exactly what i am accusing you and others of racism.   you believe that if an immigrant workers found him/herself in that position - "found a fault that needs immediate repair or people will die, but management might sack me if i say anything" - this immigrant worker would decide "it is better to keep my job, than possibly saving people from dying".   i am of immigrant descent, with family all over. i can tell you, if faced with *keep my job* or *save a life*, we are not as fucking DAFT as you accuse us.
yes, again, i understood that line of argument.   what i am saying is that the money you earn with "blood on your hands" is not a worthwhile endeavour for immigrants either.    you are right to say, (if it is what you are saying), that i can't call that racism - because that's not what it is. i could call it foreigner discrimination or something else, but it is no less belittling in this context.    you are also right, (if it is what you are saying), that employer-sponsored visas have a questionable working order. i have my reservations, but i did not give any opinion on its functioning.    but i don't think this changes the fundamental humanity of a person hired through such conditions. (this is especially not true of someone that needs a higher education for jobs in engineering).    i live in europe, where many of our countries are RIFE with right-wing, isolationist mentality, particularly impregnated since the recession. to me this was yet another example of people pointing their problems at a portion of society that has no role in their tragedy.    on the other end of things, (maybe you don't think this is relevant), an immigrant is exactly that, an immigrant. i come here principally to make money and have a better life. if i then have to deal with moral dilemmas and face being kicked out, then fuck it i'll go elsewhere.
man i hope it wasn't too long before they told you otherwise.   it was literally the first thing my mom taught me - the left foot rests. who knows, maybe she learnt the hard way too
sometimes i find myself with no choice in the vending machine but to buy those lucky strikes in the softer paper package. unless you're a cowboy, you are bound to open it like a bag of crisps, everything popping out :-/
guys, i found my cousin!
i'm here aren't i ;)
man i was so happy about that :D nobody ever talks straight in these videos
how did you have the foresight to get that prenup?   dat shit cray, glad there was a happy ending
haha, my dad *rented* one of those briefcases for awhile - holy blast from the past batman!   i recently tried searching for a new "high-specification" phone in small form-factor, and the only decent contender seems to be a sony z5 compact, which is still 4.6".   there is practically no hope for an iphone 4 size device :/ (which was the greatest for reading shit in bed single-handed)    edit: i think [this was the phone my dad had](http://www.tvfilmprops.co.uk/userdata/PRODPIC-1901.jpg)
from the north of scotland all the way down to the italian alps, and back... by bus??!!!   [22h drive](https://www.google.com/maps/dir/Aosta,+Italy/Skye,+United+Kingdom/@51.631977,0.804992,6z/data=!4m8!4m7!1m2!1m1!1s0x4788ded6c5aff5a7:0x5625987c799cd59b!1m2!1m1!1s0x488c312261bdc1ff:0x585c356fe9c86218!3e0), is already punishing enough without the window smashing!
i'd say actually: they always *want* to come back :/   because if they went through the masia it most likely is their dream club, the team they follow on tv, their idols also played here, etc.   it's so sad that from day one they enter masia they are told "kid, don't make your expectations too high", because a tiny percentage of them ever end up playing football professionally, let alone reach the first team!   this guy touched glory at least 1-2 matches, and now sadly he's shown out through the back door :( it's just very sad, i felt the same way for deulofeu.   once they leave, unless they're super good at their new teams like cescs or piqué, they are not that likely to be repurchased.   well, now i'm thinking about transfer fees and corruption, and maybe you're right again... bah
tl;dr 3   my son is a fairy, and my daughter like likes my nephew. only one them dies.   but she goes on to make cool movies of her own
guys, i've been thinking ... i drink water every day, and water drowns people ... i'm slowly killing myself to death!
haha, i never thought about it! holy shit, you've made me paranoid now :/ where's that damn tinfoil
i love you guys to pieces :D i laugh every.damn.time i've seen this, always picturing an old timey telephone
you know what, if i wasn't such a goddam sexist i wouldn't have frozen feet all fucking winter!
i didn't like that one, and i thought there was too much damn hype around the release.   for me, the simpsons summarise best the daniel craig movies:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xGyaQZfR_Q
thanks, that's fascinating.   sorry that i didn't think to google it myself -__-    &gt; Variants of it were manufactured from 1920 until **1982**.   &gt; Only made obsolete by the electronic variety, it was simple and cheap for the time.    i never think about how much the cost of a device influences its demand and innovation/development.   i faintly remember my mom being so cross with me that i broke my calculator and needed a replacement. it was only about the equivalent of $40 today, but back when *she* was a kid in the 70s they used to cost much much more.
man, a good scratch, especially after you're done taking a shit - i mean... omg...
i think it's silly they want to ban encryption, but i do respect that the guys who'll ban it would have been democratically charged to do so.   you're right that if people cared about encryption, no matter if they voted the guys in charge the people would stop the motion going forward with general discontent.   i can't think of any state, or any party in any state, that would outright campaign for a gun-ban. it's ballot suicide, because evidently most americans want guns.    now, leaving democracy aside, there's a real argument to be made if you carry out a comprehensive cost-benefit analysis.   i'm from a country where it was implicitly declared that the expenses derived from gun violence are far greater than the expenses on policing.    europe isn't immune from terrorist attacks, but we have exponentially lower levels of "passion crimes" and suicides, simply due to the fact that you can't grab a gun every time you get angry.    encryption works in parallel but opposite direction. to make it easier for the police to read your data it also makes it easier for the criminals. the cost from data theft and going back to dinosaur practices just to keep data safe, most likely weighs more than catching a terrorist plot in the act.   and get this: it's probably even more expensive in relative terms if the damn terrorists had such a hard time getting a hold of weapons in the first place!    what i'm getting at is that all countries to an extent have to value human life, and to me it seems americans are rather undervalued for such a developed country
same story :/   after you reinstall and configure all your basic shit, make a system image. at least you'll be covered for the next time this happens *sigh*
agh the good old days with this switcher and zephyr :')   alas, i've now become used to Tage + GridSwitcher, and i think i'd miss seeing the app previews even more
helped me survive uni.   that and nutella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o5yo9daO1ic   man, i'm just sitting here salivating
it also helps that i have no life
i don't understand what you're saying.   the public insurance option has effectively made all private options more competitive.   furthermore, practically all options make you pay less in events of co-pay, not to mention that they cannot reject you on "pre-existing conditions" nonsense.   i'm not american, so i don't understand how any of this would raise "health costs", that idea is counter-intuitive
yes, and actually that's much smarter!   i was just doing it on the pc as i was saving them to my hard drive.   i just checked with iFile - it takes a few extra taps to see the pic, but you don't need a computer
that's my point, the left-over pics/videos are not in another folder.    the 10*x*Apple folders are where the pics in your Photos app are saved.   when i went through these folders, i was surprised to find MANY more pics than what i see in my Photos app.    these left-over pics are ones i had deleted a long while ago, but actually they haven't been deleted properly.    it's really time-consuming if you have a lot of files, because with only a random filename it's impossible to know what pics are not in your Photos app (i.e. left-overs) - you have to open each file, see the picture and check whether it's a photo you've kept or one that never got deleted properly
yea, maybe i'll wait for ios10 jailbreak :/    if you can, please check one thing for me: the total number of photos in your Photos app vs total files in your 10xApple folders.    - Photos App: Albums &gt; number under Camera Roll   - iFile DCIM: go into each 10xApple folder, and get the Files count at the very bottom.    if they mismatch by only a few, it's ok, probably means a few photos' edited files are saved separately.   but if there's a lot more files in iFile, i think you have some left-over files
thanks for checking. maybe it's a bug with my ios 8.1.1 version, or i've screwed something up can't tell. if only i could restore and jailbreak, haha
i would try out disk pie, but i'm having another problem since a year ago where i can install apps from cydia but they don't appear on my homescreen -__-   tweaks are fine, but i can't add apps, it boggles the mind!
i can vouch fr the unorganised order, i had to open each damn picture over dumb wifi to check if it was a left-over or not.   i didn't see any pictures i recognised from imessages, but i don't use that much anyway.    i had two long batches of photos from last year relating to a sports event on tv, and i Know i deleted all of them except for a few i posted on social media. many of those i specifically remember deleting right from the lockscreen camera interface, while it was locked.   i thought maybe before unlocking the deleted permission was wobbly or something, but then i found screenshots from that day of websites about said sporting event.    i honestly don't understand the behaviour except for that it really did happen - took these pictures, deleted them, yet when i go in through ssh into root dcim folder i see them right there next to other pics that i've kept and are legitimately in my photos app.    these undeleted pics and some ghost ass used storage space really baffle me
i tried the 'uicache' through ssh/putty a few months ago but it had no effect :/   maybe i'll try deleting appsync, but that sounds like it'll break more than what it'll fix :s (i mean, don't i need that?)
you were totally right about app sync - i uninstalled it, resprung, and it showed me some cydia apps i'd installed but never showed before on the homescreen.    i then installed it back, and tried installing something else to see if i can do the same "refresh" with icleaner and terminal. alas, no success: icleaner pro just did minor cleanup and entering uicache in mobile terminal did nothing either. (both these apps i could only install after deleting appsync).    thanks for the tip about uninstalling appsync!   i'm gonna keep having to uninstall-reinstall it, because i think i need it for appcake (which i need to install older versions of youtube and facebook whenever i fuck up and update them by mistake!)
i came here for a funny, new, temporary sub; now i think i might stay for the augmented connections :'(   that tumblr is amazing, and this sub is going to the top!
massive thank you to the [developer](https://github.com/Elusive138)!!    the above is a Display, that you need to unzip into your User/AppData folder, then you can restart and set up within Growl.    it works amazingly well, once the notif slides out, it stays within Action Center - it sounds simple, but it was hella hard to get this to work!    i'm personally using it to get all my iphone notifs piped onto my laptop :D    e: jailbroken iphone, using the tweak [GrowlNotifier](https://www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/337pli/tutorial_how_to_setup_push_notifications_using/)
wake info is already mentioned above, but this brought to memory one i used back in ios 6 days: [wake with weather](http://moreinfo.thebigboss.org/moreinfo/depiction.php?file=wakewithweatherDp)   from what i recall, this one uses siri's voice instead of the generic one.   but, honestly, i stopped using these alarms because it finally did my head in ;D i just wanted to show some android fanboi that iFarts could also do this function
great question:   http://www.ghacks.net/2015/09/13/make-your-windows-10-taskbar-100-transparent/    i only made it 90% transparent though, i can see the tray better
awesome :D   if anybody else wants to play, i think you can join via the website as well:   http://eurofantasy.uefa.com/en/fantasy16/leagues    i honestly don't know how it works, but i guess we'll figure it out once the euro starts!    i'm "KaButros" btw!
btw here's my squad (s means sub):    &gt; Hart - Neuer(s)    &gt; Kosclelny - Bonucci - Lindelof - Jordi Alba - Lukaku(s)    &gt; Modric - Kroos - Busquets - Iniesta - Draxler(s)    &gt; Lewandowski - Griezmann - Rashford(s)    and i'm all about the classic 4-4-2 ;p    i have no idea how the league and point system work, but this all sounds like it's gonna be a lot of fun! and the more people join even better!
