I spend 99.99457% of my year not in the ocean
I saw a Maryland local access sketch comedy show (may have been University of Maryland) called "The Big Show" over a decade ago. Does it exist anywhere on the internet?
When we went for our mortgage, not doing anything major to our credit was recommended. Definitely best to avoid increasing the credit card to avoid headaches.
Didn't he hurt his shoulder on that play? I think we had a decent lead at that point. I remember yelling "Dammit Brandon!!!!" in my living room.
Home brewing beer. I have read things online, but need some basic beginners guides/instructional videos.
Can't find them in MA either
Credit cards also have reward programs. My credit card has a cash back rewards program that has helped provide some additional spending cash for my every day purchases, and larger purchases.
I don't fit into my jeans from high school anymore.
Went from listening to rock/metal to everything,  but really enjoying jazz and retro new wave.
There is definitely some help that could be had from /r/relationships that might be needed to help with your wife and her spending habits/communication within the relationship. I know you state that your wife has income but not to count on it. She created this debt, and should take some responsibility for it. Does she work full time? Could she find full time work? This really could make a big difference in becoming debt free from a debt she created.  As far as expenses go, the only thing that jumps out at me is the $100/month for lawn care. I see you have an HOA, is the lawn care required? After working in a building all day with fluorescent lights and a computer screen, I find great pleasure in weeding, mowing my lawn, and spending time outside.
Depending on where you live, there are some fun destinations to drive to. During our honeymoon we went off season (Late September) to a nice little beach town. During the day was high 60's so we walked the beach, sat outside, had drinks, window shopped, did a museum, and had some really nice meals. During the night, we even relaxed with a bottle of wine together and some time a fire. There is also sex.
&gt; It was my understanding that gay weddings were catered with pizza.  I am a married straight male, and wish this was the case at my wedding.
I feel like we wanted to see if the run game with some fresh RBs could win it for us. It unfortunately couldn't.
Put it in the freezer and feel better
That is definitely a really nice gesture by this individual. That being said, tennis balls are not the best for a dog's teeth. [Here is a post about it](http://blog.petmeds.com/1800petmeds/tennis-balls-and-your-dogs-teeth/). There are some other dog-specific balls that are better for teeth.  I definitely don't want to come across as a negative post. I was surprised as we used to give our old dog tennis balls in the past. For our current dog, we use "Chuckit!" brand balls.
Firefighter. Thinking that you mostly visit schools and save cats from trees instead of how dangerous fire rescue really is.
I was going to say this highlight makes me sad. Opening weekend is one of the best times of year in sports (next to March Madness). I was on vacation during this game. Awesome to watch this game and then sleep in on Friday.
Snow does a get job of reflecting UV rays. Hiked a similar snow field and ended up with a sunburn under my nose. The one place I didn't add sunscreen. Just hit me when I saw the snow and exposed skin.  Very cool and historical pic.
No panic room. Just have a panic bunker.
Mac, that you in the photo?
Nice job man!  What is one of your favorite healthy meals and healthy snacks?
Have always wanted to but have never seen Steel Trap (2007).
Yeah, I have reminded several people about the Ravens game where we came back from 14 down twice. That type of fan is insufferable. "Game over" with 12+ minutes in the 3rd quarter happens way too much. We were down 10 in the Super bowl when we beat the Seahawks, and that was coming out (after the freaking Ravens game earlier in that season!). These are probably the same fans who talk about the Super bowl before we even played the Texans.
I remember that dirty play. "Integrity of the game".
Oh honey...
My wife is pregnant for the first time.
He also makes me poop at the same time every day
New friend for life
Is anyone planning to watch the Super bowl via Roku this year? I am interested in doing it since I have cut the chord. My HD antenna doesn't pick up Fox. Looking to see what my options are.
Is anyone going to be streaming the game via a Roku? I've cut the chord and don't have cable TV. My HD antenna doesn't get the game on my main TV.
My city has a lot of hills. It sucks since my HD Antenna picks it up on the 2nd floor in our bedroom. For the regular season/playoffs, CBS comes in on both my TVs.
We break up and this is how you treat my Ace of Base albums?
ITT: A lot of examples of physical and mental abuse. I'm so sorry that anyone had to deal with that kind of disgusting human behavior.
Agree on that but when he came in it crowded the dance floor. She ended up clipping him at bit while she was dancing and shimmied away in style. It looked like she had a few more moves to bust.
Snow days, and enjoying without any concerns because the rest of your peers are doing the same.
His mom bought the bigger suit, because he would "grow into to".
Nobody pays me in twerks
That feeling when you are waiting for the schools to scroll through and everyone is cancelled but you only get a 2 hour delay.
Here with this group is good
Going a brown ale right now
I want pizza
Wish I still lived in Boston for pizza purposes
I am sure you could clean up at certain hotel bars. I would be fine with it.
I clicked on the link and there was a man with goat horns. I think I scrolled too far.
Beer still tastes good
Drinking some Baxter beer from Maine. Let's fucking go!!!!
That hurt
Rubbing my pup's belly with my foot while in bed together
Same here. I learned to turn the NPR on the radio and let it wash over you.
My testicles hurt watching this
