Not bad blood, just blood between Suarez' teeth. We're still cool.
Yes. I'd be treating the lads out to the clubs after games, buying bottles 'round the table, and taking care of all legal fees involved with prostitution scandals that came after said clubbing. Because I can afford it.  If I were not a billionaire, I would not be taking care of 5th division player's kits. Even if I were a millionaire, I'd still be looking for a good paying job... have you seen inflation rates lately?
Seeing little kids hide behind their parents when I approach. Not because I like fear in kids hearts or something. I just feel like I'm still a kid, and I can recall being shy at that young age. So its interesting to be on the receiving end of it, reminds me how fast time flies.
Man, the day we can watch sports on Netflix is the day i cancel my cable service.
In the U.S., most euro games are before noon, way before I start drinking.
Like fucking 18 wheeler's. It's funny because I have to think that not even the directors knew how to drive manual.
Only ever heard that one song. Clubbing in the U.K. must a different scene than East Coast U.S.
I've always wanted to wage a campaign of nothing but guerrilla fighting. Shame, now I know it's not a viable option :(
Put me down for mid March.
I read this in Argentine. Bravo.
At the gas station!
Time for my weekly visit to /r/reddevils.
I swear, one giant anime corporation got broadcasting rights across South America in the 90s.  I digress. Fuck you. Pokémon is not shitty. Pokémon was life.
Can confirm.  Source: am rich asshole.
Is heroin that much harder to kick?. I have ocassional relapses into my pill addiction (I have a medical use for them, I just abuse them when I get bored). The withdrawal sucks, but its nothing like they portray in Ray.  Should I just save experimentation with heroin until my death bed?
Nope. They hide my narcotics from me though :/
I've done management in development, and it sounds like your describing a waterfall methodology. Given the lessons learned form Rome 2, I would expect CA to dedicate a bit more time in UAT.
My thoughts as well. I figured Smith's agent had a big say on the Deadshot costume, because the lack of the mask kinda takes away from the whole Deadshot image and instead you get Will Smith in tights. Meh
How far down Falcao has fallen. I don't know who had it worse, him or Torres.
I hate to say it, but get rid of some of the extracurricular activities and description of college.  Most recruiters will only read the first page. Put everything you have to in the first page. Less is better in this case.  Also, spell out (as in, list out) all the PPM, Scheduling, Ticket Tracking, and all that good software you've used. Recruiters look good when their candidate knows their shit, so they are going to look for the key words before they present you as a candidate ( *bullet item - I am proficient in MS Project, PlanView, Jira, etc.)   EDIT:  Also should note, a lot of recruiters use software that parses your document for keywords (see above). So try to put it out there in as basic language as you can, because your first screen against getting that job is probably whatever software they use.
If I was playing at such a quiet stadium as the Library, I too would be nervous and take down Costa.
Oh, I personally don't care about your scenario - no offense. I just saw someone cast judgement on people they don't know by reading 3 sentences that describe the event from one point of view. This knee-jerk reaction is what concerns me. I am concerned my fellow man and his intellectual well being, and how that well being affects us all.  If I can change one person's mind, I consider that a win and an improvement for the world.
Any permanent side effects? Last thing I want is half my face to be all droopy.
Visit South America some time. It's really easy to find it, especially in Peru and Bolivia, and the quality you find would usually cost you an arm and leg in Europe and the States.  Not that I'm endorsing drug use, but I'm all about new experiences - and you might as well have the best if your trying it once. Not to mention the price. In some places, cocaine is cheaper than dinner at a decent restaurant.
Agreed.  Source: I'm an obnoxious introvert.
Nah, just i need to be alone to charge my batteries, socializing drains me. Obnoxious because when I am charged up, I border on mania.
Shame for me, all we got in the Washington Metropolitan area is Bolivians, Brazilians, and Central Americans.  For the longest time, no believed me that I was Latino, but then again, all Americans had seen up till then was Mexicans.
Shame you can't join in on the bantz we got going on in latin america.
I've been in that boat. How's your relationship with family?
It's funny on so many levels. I'm going to hell for this.
A six figure salary for a non-senior role is common in IT as well. The economy over there is so hideously inflated, I wouldn't be surprised if another collapse originate from there.
It has nothing to do with hate. It has something to do with people talking out their ass.   Look up Pele and the most famous shot you'll see is his knuckle shot during the world Cup. It's not my fault you started watching football two years ago.
I suggest a diazapam next time your engaging in such activities. I dated a girl in a similar situation and after suggestions from a friend, she tried a small dose of xanax before we got intimate. It "relaxed" her enough to get her used to sex. Eventually, she was conditioned to enjoy sex but it did take a while. Hope you have a patient guy who can roll with those punches.
What do you mean by getting a scale and dropping a mg a week?  Drugs don't phase me anymore. I've had migraines since 12 years of age, and the amount of drugs they've tried on me has - it seems - made me tolerant to any sort of sedative, whether its an actual tranquilizer or anti-psychotic side effect. Maybe this means I can't be ruffied?
You got to try psychedelic mushroom for migraines? If so... Awesome!   Sorry to hear your going through what your going
&gt; bloody good update  Eyyyy, I get it. Also, thank you for listening to VC fans request for Blood Knights - my armies are finally fully representative of the VC roster - while rebalancing their more OP strategies.
Its in your head. Been smoking for over 15 years, and let me tell you, there is a way to conquer the paranoia.
&gt; money*  * that probably means half of the players we currently have on the startinf XI. Aside from Hugo, Jan, Walker, Rose and Kane, the subsequent expenditures were enabled by the Bale money.   I personally like not being a 1-man team. I remember those Redknapp years (and that one season with Bale and AVB). Those were fun, but true rollercoaster times.
Body crippling depression.
it's a passionate language. after so many years of not reading spanish, that really felt nice to read.
Pochettino made the exact same rotation I did on my FIFA 17 career for the domestic cup with Spurs.
We have a Hulk
wasn't until the 2nd half of last season where the mood wasn't suicidal against the Top 6 on this sub. even then, a lot of us were hesitant we would even be in top 4 this season.  god damn, did we hit gold with our current manager.
No joke, as a person very familiar with the subject, the man sounds defeated.
meh, I've learned to have fun at clubs. It might be because I'm spanish and dancing comes like 2nd nature, which is where I get the most attention. but just like college, people know when you are the one sobber, miserable person amongst all the people letting go. it definitely shows in your face and the only people i know that can enjoy clubbing sober are those with good poker faces.
I saved to gif for future innuendo usage.
That was go to solution while in a cast.
I feel like such an ass now. I wanted Ricardo Rodriguez. I wanted Davies. I wanted anyone but Rose (or Naughts) being part of the back 4 (now 5?). But the amount of work he does and the amount of pride he has for the shirt... I honestly don't deserve Danny.
I only bust out the crayons for children who i think will be able to learn from the visual aids.  in your case, I don't think that will be much help.
shit. they must have changed the chemicals in spice, did I never felt shit like that in the 1 year i was smoking the crap.  in retrospect, I should have just become a temporary alcoholic instead of doing that shit.
