Caffeine is an indirect trigger of mine, as in, it leads to anxiety then to dpdr, not always,  but it can...  I'd suggest cutting back on caffeine and soda for your general health as well...
Reminds me of this Eastern European cab driver I had once, the man reeked so bad of sweat I couldn't breath. Red lights were a nightmare, however once we were moving with the breeze it was barely tolerable.   It was a long cab ride,  $60-$70 if I remember, I didn't tip him shit.
That's quite a ride you had  ..  Wtf did I say now??? fuck me you people are sensitive
What god damn cowards. Crimes like these are just the lowest of the low, fuckin' amateurs.  I'm glad you're okay OP, it's just a damn phone life goes on, go hug your loved ones
The last real serious rape occurred in 2007, nearly a decade ago. There were never any "shootings", it was actually  some degenerate's gun that went off and unfortunately struck a student, and I believe that there is a difference.  York's small community feel is both a blessing and a curse. Everything is within walking distance and the campus is easily accessible by foot wherever you're going...  However at night is becomes fairly desolate in some areas and can get a little quiet, hence why these muggings and sexual assaults occur; they are crimes of opportunity. Thankfully York has many options in place to not leave you waking around the campus late at night by yourself.  Do I feel safe? Absolutely. Taking a look at the statistics it is no more dangerous than U of T or Ryerson. I believe the media is also incredibly unfair to York, and make it out to be some dangerous ghetto where people are always watching their backs and whatever else. It's actually a really nice place to be, especially in the summer.  And I can also assure you 90% of the student population does not give a flying shit about all the political bullshit that happens on campus (Middle Eastern conflicts, etc) and are just there to learn and enjoy university life.
I was recently on vacation in Rome, where the federal government assigned armed military personnel to patrol EVERY subway station, and every tourist attraction day and night each with what looked like AR-15 rifles.  It did not make me feel safer at all, in fact it was incredibly unnerving and quite saddening as well. They're useless against explosions anyway..but I guess if it helps some people feel at ease why not..
I admit it was more so unnerving. Reality really hit you know? This is what life is under constant terrorist threat, and thankfully we don't really see that here do we? And lets face it, they're useless against bomb attacks.
I can assure you that "checklist" is not crucially mandatory. Every first year has to do some form of advising with an advisor just to make sure they're on the right track...  That being said, pick the major you want to go in, and enrol in the courses required in order to get your 30 credits. Essentially you just need to build up your GPA so they have an idea of your standing when you apply to switch.  If there's a lock on your account preventing you from enrolling, just call them and explain your situation, and don't worry, they wouldn't force you to stay in something and take courses you don't want/need. You're gonna be fine! :)  PS  Keep your patience and be respectful/nice to whom ever you talk to in terms of switching. You hear many stories of people getting "York'd" but the admins deal with some huge asshats as well. Being courteous goes a long way..   Good luck
It's just a shit post. I hate these "jokes". In their close minded heads people believe just because *they* haven't personally encountered something that it automatically translates to "DAE REMEBER THIS??!?". Plenty of damn schools still use overheads, and even Smartboards and individual laptops/tablets were introduced over a decade ago, it's nothing "new" and "groundbreaking"...  You're not old if you're in your 30s ffs  All that's changed for me personally has been the introduction of more cloud based/paperless classes, were small quizzes are done online and assignments submitted electronically, and of course online textbooks...but who knows how far back this goes back too...
I've been there for 6 years, and I've only made friends with/ group members with good hard working students. Yeah a few were annoying but all in all the vast majority of the students there want to excel and work together, you're in it together so make it worthwhile.   If you're a good hard working person you'll find that you'll attract the same crowd.
Agree 100%, I visited a few coastal towns on the Amalfi Coast in Italy and now I see what "catch of the day" really should mean, as in alive in the morning and on your plate by mid-day. Fresh and simple, exactly how I love seafood but I understand if others have other tastes.
Between Finch and the 401 on the southbound lanes...  I made a post a few weeks ago saying how incredibly dangerous that area is especially late at night while cars fly by at highway speeds as others sit still to enter the 401 lanes because of construction...I pray this wasn't the scenario, but it wouldn't surprise me if it was. Like too many incidents, laws and regulations only change in Ontario once lives are carelessly lost.  May they rest in peace.
I love that location. You don't have to worry about parking, and the lines are hardly 5 people long if that. It sucks (not for them i guess) if they're ever at Evergreen and they run out of ice cream at like 1 or something..
The heater is used to regulate air temps quickly while still circulating air, I've never felt the heater running on its own in the summer.   Seriously, people take many of the good things of the TTC for granted. Good thing we have air conditioned units, unlike Montreal, or ventilated, cool stations unlike Montreal or NYC. Or that our busses are clean and actually have AC.  I went to Rome a while ago and had to endure an entire bus ride FULL of people (I'm talking sardines here) in 30 degree weather where the dipshit driver didn't want to turn on the AC because of his own comfort. It was beyond horrid. I'm surprised no one fucking fainted. Not to mention the BO. To this day I'm still happy temperatures are regulated by a separate system and not up to the driver. I still honestly have yet to ride a transit system I wholeheartedly like better than the TTC.
...what? First off your response needs a look over because it's pretty vague. Secondly I never stated we shouldn't complain or " discuss it". I was merely stating my own experiences with transit systems in major cities around the world, and that they each have fairly large downsides as well.
Why are you so convinced she'll be out in four years?  EDIT: Yes I'm an idiot, I do apologize. Sorry.
Stouffville and Bayview actually
I used to work in York Lanes and there was always some guy who brought his laptop into the bathroom stall, laid it down, did god knows what.  Then would later see him walking around York Lanes laptop in clutch grabbing food and touching all the communal sauces and whatever else.  People are fucking disgusting.
Didn't know his boss was Walter Jr.
FWIW this isn't specific to Toronto. In Bucharest, Romania, the exact same thing happened to a teenage girl, unfortunately costing her a foot..I remember seeing it, it's too graphic IMO but accidents happen..
I find smaller things are best to get from Pusateris and WF. Any form of Jams, spreads, cheeses, etc; are great.
I've seen this before, I went to Italy last summer and they had Wind Mobile as well...with the exact same logo. After doing some research I found out they weren't related in the least bit.  I wonder if something happened as now Wind is Freedom Mobile (right?).
I have this insufferable ass of a neighbour who lives beside me in a house situated on a corner, so naturally his lawn is fairly large. Nearly every Saturday I can't have some peace and quiet because this ass clown tends to every blade of grass, every shrub, every flower with his array of obnoxiously loud, gas powered tools he must use. The trimmer, the leaf blower, the lawn mower, the saw, it drives me up the wall. He spends more time tending to his yard than actually enjoying it.   I grow vegetables in my yard and that's god damn it.
You know, the original pricing wasn't all that ridiculous. I was in Heathrow recently and they have a similar train which was like £22 one way. Converting that to CAD that's about $40 one way...  I'm guessing they can't add more trains during rush hour to prevent this from happening? Or have some trains run directly to Pearson without any stops? The Union-Pearson Express Express-for-real-now?
Hi there, welcome! I'm glad you found this subreddit and decided to post.  I've had this for nearly a decade, in fact my "10 year anniversary" is this month.   For me it was never weed induced, I had a really strange panic attack that snowballed into a bunch of crippling social anxiety issues that led to where I am today. So for me, stress is definitely a factor. I'm sorry I can't answer your question in regards to how much you can still smoke.  I also find lack of sleep and artificial lighting a major trigger.   When I'm at work and face a particularly difficult challenge, I sometimes literally feel like my brain is frying, even short circuiting if you may. I feel easily confused and unable to focus. This by far is the most infuriating   Over the years, basically the only thing I've really tried to avoid is excessive caffeine. Not so much a regular coffee, but energy drinks and espressos definitely make me more prone to symptoms, and a generally poor diet as well.   I try to exercise and eat well whenever I can
I was driving late at night on Yonge just north of Lawrence when some completely ignorant woman who was jay walking was motioning for me to stop so she could cross the road..  Like wtf
She was apparently visiting London for her first time accompanied by her fiancé who was there for business. I can't imagine what he's going through right now not to mention the entire family...  No more than three weeks ago I was there taking pictures of Tower Bridge from London Bridge with my family, having  a great time, something like this happening never passed through my mind at the time, but it deeply saddens and angers me at the same time that everything you loved can be ripped from your life in an instant..  May she, and all those killed in the attack rest in peace, and a speedy recovery to those injured   Edit: I may have gotten some points about Christine incorrect, it seems she had actually moved to Europe to be with her fiancé, not visiting, sorry.
It is incredibly sad, yes  I'm perplexed to accept that this is in fact the new norm. My trip to London with my family was part of a larger one to Paris and Nice. Before leaving, I had major doubts the night before my flight debating whether I should cancel the entire thing or not. I mean what the hell was I thinking, obviously these places weren't safe..  And what a fool I would've been. I had an incredible time, the memories formed in each city I will cherish forever. The atmosphere, the food, the amazing people, the architecture. What I saw didn't resemble locations victimized by terrorism, but on the contrary; they were bustling with life, and full of charm, happiness, and love.   So I will say it's a shame to live in fear, to live with the ideology that terrorism is part of our lives and we have to accept it, to have your image of places around the world tarnished by unfortunate but rare events such as these..the world is too beautiful for that
That sounds like a real cheap ass boss. I'm assuming he bought some accessories or other random crap that we both know has a ton of markup. Even if you couldn't officially price match I'm sure it was possible to find $25 to take off whatever else he had in the cart. I + my managers used to do it all the time.  That being said, Apple products always had a very thin (or so we were told) profit margin so unless they wasted more money on geek squad, then there wasn't anything to do in terms of reducing the price..
The effects you feel off of Benadryl will eliminate as soon as it's out of our body.  I took WAAY too much cough syrup once, I felt high as a kite, my heart was racing, and I had really..strange derealization. But I don't think it activated my dpdr, it just made me feel high which in turn felt like derealization.  Don't worry about your anxiety coming back, this is only temporary and you'll be fine!
Going to work is honestly one of the best things that can help with this condition. Why? Because it's keeping you busy, it's stimulating your brain, it's putting you into a rhythm/routine where you feel like you're contributing, and that in turn shouldn't give you more reasons to be full of anxiety.   At the very least, it'll get your thoughts off of it and make you focus on something else...  So don't be scared, don't let it take over you life, push through, fight for what you want and you'll feel better and better
HahahahahahaahaIStillAmUnemployedHAHAGAAHAHA  Fuck my life
What about that Syd that little sociopath from Toy Story. I swear the scene in his room scared the shit out of me when I was little
A mall seems really strange...Markville is what, 2 minutes down the road?
Haha I still remember how much criticism this thing got, not to  mention how much shit I got from my PS2 fan boy friends to loved to tell me how crap the Xbox was and its stupid big controllers
You can see this first hand in York Region. At one point, there were about 7 houses for sale in my neighbourhood. 3 sold, the rest got pulled off the market.
I also live in Southern Ontario. I think it is and it isn't. About...6-7/10 times a person in the left lane in front of me moves out of the way to let me pass  I feel like it used to be a lot worse, but also many of the highways are already full of traffic that the left lane is busy as is.
No trust me the UK really is far far worse at this. Even in driving, they use miles and mpg to measure fuel economy but purchase fuel by the litre?? That one really confused me
Now imagine how nice it would be if we could sensibly tear down the entire Gardiner...  I really hope I see the day
Thank you, this is exactly how I meant it, wasn't trying to downplay issues at home (which isn't even the USA FWIW).
This area of Toronto is bittersweet for me. I'm really happy it exists, but I'm sad knowing so much more of Toronto could've had that same character and charm those buildings in the background do. I know other parts of the city do, but they're usually just scattered around or in disrepair  *Thats* the real history of the city, and we should preserve more of it
This is interesting, I just finished renting a Ford Transit for a small project, and with that van's heightened seating position I was able to peer into everyone's cars every now and then.   The amount of people on their phones is disturbingly high.  I saw a lady checking directions with her phone in her lap, a guy In an F350 with a trailer with headphones in and texting, some idiot swerving out of his lane into mine during that freak storm recently, etc etc etc.  Don't bother with 911, it's an epidemic. Steer clear and drive defensively.
Fellow VW owner here, did you not get offered a fix? I've always wanted a TDI, but used they were always too expensive with too many kilometres, too bad they're now a thing of the past.
Yeah, my brother and mom are like this. My brother because he’s anti-apple and deals in absolutes as in whatever’s written on the spec sheet so obviously they’re all overpriced because “hurr muh Microsoft!”, and my mom who thinks she needs 16 GB of ram and the latest i7 to browse Facebook..  And I’m the one who doesn’t get listened to when I tell her she’ll do fine with a MacBook..as in not the pro.
Unfortunately many of the Country Styles around me suffer from a huge lack of both professionalism and franchise managers doing whatever the fuck they want.  I went through a phase, I really liked both the coffee and Boston Creme, but no two locations are the same. Coffee was rarely available on demand, donuts virtually non existent towards day end, not like 11-12, like 6 PM, dirty restaurants, etc.  Them and Second Cup are probably not going to be around in the near future, but I’m sure there will always be a damn Coffee Time.
I used my points on a Dyson vacuum and quite regret it. That English guy sells them well, but it’s nothing extraordinary.  In fact mine has a really idiotic design flaw that involves picking out nearly all of the dust out of the bin because it won’t fall on it’s own into a bag when emptying.
No, the dust/debris just sticks to itself in one giant glob and never ever comes out on its own, I always have to pick it out by hand, I don't really mind but I also feel I shouldn't have to with a $600 (or however much it was) upscale vacuum.
I drive a BMW and I don’t agree with tipping..where do I fit in?
I really hate it when people say stuff like this. You think these kinds of issues are exclusive to Air Canada? This shit happens all the time, to countless airlines. I’ve flown Air Canada many many times and have never had an issue, so what  does that say?
No, I’m sorry but that’s not correct. Managing a Costco is a massive operation, it’s a gigantic warehouse that operates almost 24h a day at its peak (shifts start as early as 3 AM).  I worked there and hardly knew anyone outside of my department, just the front end had a combination of over 20 people working as cashiers, managers, supervisors, receipt checkers and whatever else. This excludes customer service/returns, the restaurant staff, admin, tire centre staff, etc.  They’re able to pay their staff well and keep prices low simple because they’ make next to nothing on brand name things, and only generally make a profit on Kirkland products (something like 10%), membership fees, and a general no BS attitude to just about everything. Not to mention most of the merchandise is purchased directly from the manufacturer. It's in their (manufacturer's) interest to have product on Costco shelves.
