Married her, now we actually want a baby :&gt;
"a bit" insulting, if you ask me. And im not even Japanese.  ...and "a bit" is a diplomacy talk.
&gt; Can you still have a relationship without sexual relations?  Unless both parties are asexual, and assuming its not an open relationship, such relationship will mostly, not last.  &gt; She has opened up to me about her childhood, she said her step brother used to force her to do things.   If she was abused, was she in a therapy later? Maybe this could help.
Actually, I once wondered would the elephants foot undergo at least some fission if subjected to a nuke going off nearby...
I literally always did that to that city. Just because that crazy scientist-style girl there. Tho, the first time Ive met her as a ghoul, AFTER the fact, was...unsettling. A bit.
&gt; Should I discuss this problem with my therapist?  What for. Its too late anyway. *chants "one of usssss" :D
If you have any STD, he has a right to be upset. The "most people have it" is a bit bullshit, and not everyone wants to get involved with a person that carries a disease. Im 100% clean, and I expect my SO to be 100% clean, no exceptions. If he/she is not, its a 100% unrecoverable dealbreaker.
I, for one, use facebook mostly for family/closest friends contact or sharing, and intrest groups. Nothing more.
Why should I give my earned money, that I worked for, with my abilities that I worked to get, to someone without the will or ability to work themselves? I work, I want to keep my money.
If they are not smart / hard working enough, not really my problem. My resources are for me and my family alone.  Also, not US of A here, thankfully. How's your national debt going lately? :&gt;
Nope, dont have a mortgage actually - bought an apartment with 100% my money. As for people you mention - they all given something unto the society at one point, and are citizens of my country, and did not commit a crime to get into its teritory, and have a potential to grow back up again. Unlike most illegal immigrants. Those, I owe exactly nothing.  edit: I do not exactly care why someone is poor - if its mine assets, its mine. Not theirs. Sorry they did not have opportunity or didnt took it, but its not my doing.
&gt; because why would a 38 year old want to date someone my age?  Ok, as I'm a guy, i'll drop my simple 2 cents on this: Why not ? If there is attraction (and its mutual too, in your case), if that person is of legal age, if you both have the same/similar maturity level...why should he not pursue that,exactly? Because society says the age gap is too large for them?  TBH, if both persons are commited to work (and this is THE important part, and the hard one too) on a relationship, then the age gap is not the bad thing, and sometimes can be even a benefit. Might be harder than a relationship with less age difference, but not impossible.  Now, what /u/MsSadieDunham said, focusing strictly on sex, from his side, could be a red flag, especially if the rest of relationship goes down in frequency. Then again, my wife and me, we started as FWBs in 100% open relation...now we are at year 10 together, and 8 years married. Took much work tho, esp. that my life goals had to be put on hold for most of that time. So you should consider that, and seriously too, if you want a LTR.
confirming I did in fact make that mistake at first &gt;&lt;
You should be ok after some time, but dont do that repeteadly.   Fun fact: this is also how temporary flash blindness works: overstimulation and photopigments in cells getting bleached out by intense light flash.
Developer here, confirming we also dread any friday relases. As a rule we do not do fridays, and skip to monday at least. That way, if the system goes down, we have time to rollback or patch it.
well they did have plans to expand PI, i hope this comes one day, at least a bit. For now, I mostly play the market and sell my stockpiles, especially now that citadels upped the need for PI products.
Im planning to do a realistic furnaces mod, where all advanced furnaces work with batch loads, also you need specyfic type of furnace for specyfic material, and some of them require additional material (like limestone for a blast furnace iron recipe) or use additional "fuel" (like graphite electrodes for arc furnace steel recipe, which would last for 3-4 loads), they'd also produce slag byproduct that you'd have to remove.
One lung is way more than enough to sustain life, albeit you will have highly reduced physical performance. Some lung cancer patients have had way more than one lung removed and still live on, for example.
One thing for sure, I would not shit MYSELF.
No, its not my source of income - but its one of topics that interests me :)
My friends daughter is nearly 5 years old now, and was fighting metastised cancer for the last year +/- few months now. Had one remissal after first chemo session, only for it to come back afterwards. Lost one kidney and half a lung. Still fighting, with second round of high dose chemo/radiotherapy now, and stem cell autotransplants. And they are still uncertain wheter or not she will live thru it.  Worst hell for a parent I could ever possibly imagine. :/
36 years old here. Over 250 hours in now, about 20-30 restarts with various mods. And loving it :)
welcome to the club of being banned from /r/relationships. I got banned because I told the guy not the take the GF back - bitch cheated, got pregnant with that guys kid, and wanted back to her cuckold to raise the kid with his work/money. LOL.
Meant child support :P poor translation from my native language :)
&gt; I don't drink, don't use drugs, and am better coordinated than average  This is exactly why there is a difference between a gun-free zones (which are bad) and zero control over when someone should carry a weapon (which is even worse) - you WILL have intoxicated people in such club, period. You do NOT want them to carry a weapon while in that state, belive you me. The security guys should have access to weapons tho.
&gt; I wasn't happy in this relationship but I felt the areas in which I weren't were fixable  The question is, wheter he sees those problems as fixable as well? Also, being unhappy in a relationship should preclude babies (unless it was an accident).
If my partner kept such information from me, it would be grounds for immediate divorce for me (lack of trust and lack of disclosure of a serious issue)
No. They are not together anymore, but she still holds some emotions / feelings towards him that she wants and needs to process before moving into a new relation with someone else.
If a woman can force (technically) literally everything on a man, don't you think it should go both ways? Its only fair. Until that is not valid, im staying with mine option.  And yeah, i'm not a benevolent person, and also I always try for malice before anything else, just in case. And act accordingly. Works wonders, you know? :)
The fusion reactor problem right now is not fuel anyway. Its "how to get more useful energy thats easy to convert to electric energy out of the reaction, than the electric energy you put in to achieve, contain, and sustain the reaction in the first place, then how to do that full-time" problem.  But, I also can easily see SpaceX going beyond where anyone went. They certainly got what it takes.
Once a guy gets ditched by woman once or twice, because of not having making them orgasm every time, we kinda tend to try and achieve it. You know, for our own good :P  edit: and he mostly will get told its his fault too. So, thank your own gender, girl ;)
&gt; Maybe they're reading too many men's magazines   In my experience as a guy, i'ts more because women tend to demand it, more or less, or throw that in our face when they deem its good for them to do so.
Im getting a Yamaha MT-07 soon. Nimble little 700cc, looks hot too ^^
Ok, guy here.  So, was is a poly relationship, or a FWB relationship? You say that  &gt; I don't have romantic feelings for him  and  &gt; I did want children.   What's his side of the story / relationship? If a guy is on only FWB level with you, him wanting children with you is, honestly speaking, extremally unlikely. Especially if he knows you have no romantic connection towards him. It looks like you two are/were not exactly on the same page.
I'd leave the date. Question reeks of a feminist looking for her proper cuck, and im just not into that kind of treatment.
&gt; From what I've heard, they're very religious and conservative  Most of us are actually normal people.
15+ is technically legal where I live. So im good. Fortunately.
STD is an STD. Not everyone wants to have health problems, thank you very much. For me, its a 100% deal breaker. I expect my partner to be clean.
Where I live, contactless / chip takes ~2 seconds to complete. Yeah, US of A has been long behind the rest of the world in some cases.
LOL my first thought exactly.  ...are we addicted? XD
And then, be a cuck once she meets someone rich? :) Been there, saw that. Protip: be careful with women more rich than you are.
Ok, as a guy that went thru some extreme feminist BS:  Yes, this is extremism. But that extremism is mostly not taken care of within feminist community. And in fact, is often, even encouraged. Because of that, one of main reasons of guys going MGTOW way, is a massive loss of trust towards women in general - "just in case" they get hit again with the results of all that.  edit: and in i.e. US (but here in poland too, unfortunately), those results are often life-changing / socially debiliating for the man, with little to no consequence for woman doing the deed.  I mostly recovered that trust thanks to my now-wife, but many of us guys simply stop even trying, with loss to both sides of this conflict.
Again, as a guy (and semi-pro photographer)  I've got a feeling that "they could be men" is not the only thing that women are told to belive and  try to pursuit. Once you see how much CGI and photomanipulation is involved in commercial photoshots, you really stop seeing those commercial as much more than lies. Yet, women are literally (!) bombarded with commercial, idealised "women"....things (edit: i say "things" because, sometimes, so much is changed that there is not a pixel of original person on that photo anymore. Like, down to body dimensions / proportions that are literally not achievable in real life, again, without massive surgical intervention), and are told they should look that way. Which is, often, physically and medically impossible, without massive surgical intervention. No, the skin will not be pixel perfect all the time, no matter what makeup you use. No, not everyone has THE perfect body dimensions down to a centimeter. No, not everyone is "perfect" in any way. I'd even say that noone is perfect in any way, even if very limited one.  Yet women, being bombarded by all that, from every direction / in every way possible, start to belive all that BS, and loose themselves in pursuit of all that.  Just my 2c.
&gt; Bro, not everyone with a career has poor work life balance.  True, but its way easier to just weed out everyone not meeting my criteria, and not waste my time, than  to look for an unicorn.
Hey, OP, do not feel bad about them, they are really looking good. And really, symmetrical breasts are mostly either in a padded bra, after surgical correction, or after extensive photoshop postprocessing...and most of them never look as good as real ones, even if slightly unperfect. You have exactly nothing there to feel bad or be ashamed about :)
Walked in on her fucking someone else.   Nope.
//whoever wrote that, will be fired as soon as I find out who it was  (c) former company boss, before times of git/svn, over a quite fucked-up and convoluted part of PHP code.  //do not touch this. I've got no idea what this shit does anymore.  over a 200 lines worth of SQL query, complete with multiple databases and triggers. Yep, we didnt have access to said triggers anymore. Yep, they were crucial to internal workings of the system. No, we had no idea what exactly they were doing.  edit:  //following lines are cancer generators. sorry.  with tons of shitty JS under that.
if taxpayers can be forced to pay for feminist agendas, they can pay for fathers agendas as well. Alternativelly -  my wallet, my castle.
Adulting. Definetly adulting.
Had a "friend" whose position was basically "erection means consent, so anything goes, besides I have my needs!" (straight citation).  Not friends with that one anymore.
