If you can get it cheap it's worth it for the exclusives. Ive also spent a ton of money on PS1 and PS2 games, so be cautious of that if you get one.
This is great news, but Ill probably be watching Greg Millers crew.
I used to do that like once a week. I know I fucked up when Boy Meets World wasnt on tv.
I couldnt find the podcast where gavin talks about that guy, but I did find the one where they talk about the kickstarter. It's episode 305 at about 32:30.  Im not saying I believed he did it, was just curious where it came from.
Me and my friends used to do this all the time. He has to be logged into your account when downloading.
When she was confessing, I wanted to lick taste those fat tears and laugh. But during the walk of shame I wanted to get a machine gun and blast the crowd.
I havent seen or read his review, but I thought it was an awesome movie. Granted I was really stoned, so that might affect my opinion.
I was so happy when my little cousins told me DARE wasnt a thing anymore.  So I did my duty and told them that 50% of people who smoke die of a heart attack after their first puff.
Thats pretty fucking cool. Idk though it seems like most console games already do that though. I dont play many shooters so im probably wrong. What im interested in is if you can upshift and downshift with the paddles in forza.
Omg. Holy fuck dude. I didnt know I wanted this so badly.
I didnt play it at launch, I got it maybe 3 months later, but I have never had a problem with it. For sure worth $15.
Holy shit it did. I just couldnt play it it was so bad. Im glad Im gonna get a second chance at playing it now. All I have to do is now is get used to the bobbing.
I aint do much schoolin
Ive realised life's too short to care what a butholes attached to.
Well, like my dads used to always say, " Its not gay if youre not emotionally attached with the butthole."
Ok its cool. Ive only seen the trailer. I probably wont buy it because I have no friends with DS'. Id probably buy it for $15 though.
I dont think spiderman 3 was that bad. It's certainly better.than Amazing Spiderman 2.  Id always hear rumors that they were going to do the lizard, before they announced the reboot. I guess they repurposed whatever script they had. Kingsley wouldve made a good Vulture, but Id love to see Danny Devito in the role.
I loved gears 2. Mustve played through it 4 or 5 times with a friend. I tried 3 alone, and it was way too slow for my taste. Might try replaying 3 with a friend.
Ive taken plenty of pictures with people I dont like.
I meant more on a morality level, but yeah I see what youre talking about. Ive know a couple polygamous couples and it does get pretty confusing. But if there was a way to have it done legally Id have no problem with it. There are smarter people than me to figure out the logistics.
4 feet 20 lbs
They should add to the Geneva Convention that no one should dig up other peoples myspace pages. I hope Im never famous, so no one will ever come across my myspace and care.
Id drink nothing but mtn dew dorito smoothies.
Yeah it's pretty crazy. I love Jon, but I think Dan is easier to listen to than when Jon was on it. Jon would go to some weird places, while Dan is kind of more traditional. I love them both equally, but I dont imagine GG wouldve gotten as big as it is now with Jon still being the not so grump.
I could never finish it. It was way too hectic for my tastes. I might try to watch it again soon, but it had the same problem that lego movie had. It never had any down time.
I wish I could revert it back to the old way. I only played in first person to get the achievement, and never touched it again.
Me and my friend have been looking forward to Halo 5, cause all we ever play is Reach on splitscreen. Probably wont buy it now bc Halo's kinda dull to me in singleplayer.
She's hot af in that Eddie Murphy movie too. I had that on vhs when I was a kid.
Mostly fat
Yo, I voted for obama
I don't wanna see deadpool and I'm single. What do I do? Break up with myself?
Oh yeah. I know a lot of girls who are like that. Like I don't care if you like the more mainstream nerdy stuff just don't holler about it. Maybe I just hate every human ever idk
I was a dumbass kid and I even knew not to try anything Keenan and kel did lol
I dunno. I never notice it lagging after the update. And I haven't played reach in like three years.
I read most of them when I was a kid, but I used to obsess over the first two movies. Gonna watch number four tonight.
I love Rayman so much. Getting through the last level in origins, and the music video  levels where you only have one life is so great. I wish they'd make a new one. My favorite platforming games.
Ur butyful beb
I'm really holding my breath for minecon
This is what my car looks like after working double shifts everyday for two weeks.
I'm not a TV character.
I almost bought Charlie Barlett at the dollar store today. Such a shame what happened.
I'm not much of a spiritual person, but I liked how it showed why people would be. Them needing to internalize terrible events into things they can understand. Idk not every movie's for everyone.
I only joined the preview program for the BC. I don't owe ms anything.
I need a PlayStation lol
THIS IS DONKEY, HES GOT MY BACK. I WOULD ADVISE NOT GETTING KILLED BY HIM. HIS WAFFLES TRAP THE SOULS OF HIS VICTIMS.
The game bully had a line where the dork told the main dude "I may be a loser, but at least I have friends!" that game taught me a lot about fucking chickens.
My bud will at least speak in his lady voice while he jacks me from behind.
I legit got the tenth prestige in mw2 and I just won the Olympics shooting comp just by playing hardcore search and destroy. What do you have to say about that?
Idk if they know how to or just want me to do it.
I work in a nursing home so if anything happens they call me. Not to mention family and gf.
