I'm reminded of a story I head online about a year ago. A man was at Burger King when a mom and her 6-year-old son show up. The kid was screaming up a storm, yelling "I want a fucking pie!" again and again, and the mother wasn't doing anything about it. The man got so fed up that when he got to the counter he ordered all 26 pies they had. As he walked away with his bounty he just smiled triumphantly at the little brat and his enabling mother. It's the most awesome and justified bit of spiteful behavior I've ever heard of.
None of the schools I ever went to growing up even HAD lockers except in the gym; we were expected to just leave our books at home on the days we didn't need them for class and keep them in our backpacks on the days when we did need them. It pisses me off that movies seem to think every school everywhere has lockers.
My school didn't have lockers at all; everyone just left their books at home except on days when the teachers specifically told us we were going to need them in class.
I have a very nice decorative sword in my room; I wish I knew how to sharpen it. I often imagine that if someone broke in I'd use it to threaten them. Sure it has a dull blade because it's for decoration, but the burglar doesn't know that.
Personally, one that I'd list is Click. It had the potential to be a great comedy, but halfway through it made a very abrupt shift from comedy to tragedy.
I wish he'd wait it out for a few more elections until moving to Canada would be a more feasible option for me (in other words, when I've had more time in the workforce so I can network out and work my way up to Canada).
I would love to live in Canada in the future. California is too dang hot and crowded, so the cold temperatures and low population density of Canada would be a blessing for me. Looks like this is another thing to prepare for XD
Local coyotes are the reason why my outdoor cat has to stay in our atrium at night. Funny, a lot of people keep cats indoor during the day and let them out at night, but we have our cat outside in the day and inside at night. The other morning I went to let her out, but I suddenly heard yelping coyotes nearby so I decided to wait about another hour before letting her out.
I'm a liberal and would love to move to Canada. It's not really too much because of the US government; it's just that Canada seems so much more peaceful in general. Also, I'm sick of the high temperatures and population density of Southern California, so I'd love to live in a much colder and less densely populated place like Canada.
That's how I as an American feel when talking to people from Canada.
That's happened to me. A few months ago I was walking home from class (living about 1 mile from your college makes for easy commuting), and someone stopped to ask the closest way to one of the nearby freeways. I've lived in this area for over 12 years but I still haven't bothered to memorize the names of most of the streets or the numbers of the freeways. The best I could do was point in the general direction; I couldn't really give any specific directions.
*stands in front of mirror*  PlazaOne, PlazaOne, PlazaOne
Note to self: Whenever visiting Cancun, bring a Mexican friend and have them make all of my purchases for me.
I'm 23 and never learned how to ride a bike. I've driven cars but have never successfully ridden a bike.
I usually remain barefoot at my own house, but I don't leave my shoes by the door. I keep my shoes next to the desk in my bedroom, which is the farthest room in the house from the front door.
I first saw the whole blue-red blood depiction on the Magic School Bus. They were showing how the heart worked and showed that the red blood cells were blue before being oxygenated. Even when I saw that as a little kid I immediately assumed that they had just done that for the sake of the viewers. I was like 5 and I was able to recognize that this depiction of the process was altered for simplicity for the young viewers.
Oh, alright. I wasn't sure since I knew Hawaii was admitted (though admitted is whitewashing it a bit; forced would be more accurate) into the union at some point in the mid-20th century.
I tend to lean toward the left, but I like to base my political views on what is actually best for humanity, not what my party says I should think.   My favorite historical quote is one by Winston Churchill on the subject of party differences: (may not be verbatim) "If you show me a young conservative I'll show you someone with no heart; if you show me an old liberal I'll show you someone with no brain"
Keep in mind that a "not guilty" verdict won't prevent you from being demonized. The first example that comes to mind is O.J., and more recently there was Casey Anthony. I wasn't around for the O.J. thing (don't remember if it was the 80s or 90s, but depending which it was I was either not born yet or too young to notice), so I don't know all the details about why everyone is so certain that he's guilty despite the verdict. ~~Casey Anthony on the other hand is a monster who was let off the hook for murder.~~
Granted, Casey Anthony wasn't a celebrity like OJ, but her case did become pretty high profile. I still remember the day of the verdict; in the morning everyone was agreeing that she was clearly guilty, so we were all shocked to hear that she was found not guilty.
Found Jesus!
Reminds me of a messed up joke I once heard: "Have you ever tried Ethiopian food? Neither have they"
At first I thought you said the first thing he knows how to make is Doggy Chow.
You buy panties for your son? 0_o
I've been a penny picker-upper since elementary school; I have little upper body strength but make up for it by having very powerful legs.
I use flash for online gaming and watching Youtube. I can't find any free alternatives that could be used to replace it.
I need to start buying a different brand of chocolate milk mix 0_o.
Amazing how you could get your master's degree when you don't know how to read. I specifically stated in the last sentence of my post "Unless you NEED a master's or doctorate for your dream job, a bachelor's degree will be just fine."
But the Delorean had only been buried for a few months, maybe a year. Would it have gone bad in that amount of time? Sorry if this is a stupid question; I'm not too car savvy.
Chairman Drek from the original Ratchet and Clank.  Also, Sephiroth (in the Kingdom Hearts games; I've never played the Final Fantasy games)
I never had a hard time beating her. Just use her own strength against her by countering Rollout with Rage.
That's nothing. In Sapphire version I had an epic win against Norman. His first Slaking and Vigoroth took a lot out of Swampert, and his second Slaking finished it off, along with everyone else in my team except my level 13 Shroomish. Slaking was level 31, had just wiped out 5 of my team members, and still had almost full health, so I was sure I was doomed. I ended up using Leech Seed when he was loafing around, and managed to avoid letting him use any moves (he seemed to be out of everything but Focus Punch, which of course I was able to easily prevent by using Absorb and Bullet Seed). Norman even used a Hyper Potion, but I was still able to keep hitting again and again while avoiding all of his moves until I finished him off. Shroomish grew 3 levels as a result.
I never lost to Xigbar, but I got very close. The first time I played through KH2 I attempted to use drive to turn into Master Mode (I forget if it's mode or form) against him; that was when I unlocked Final Mode. The second time I played through I attempted to use drive to turn into Master Mode against him; I turned into Anti Mode. I barely survived long enough for it to wear out so I could heal.  The only members of Organization XIII who gave me any trouble were Demyx and Xemnas.
I once defeated the Phantom at the point where both Peter Pan and Donald were gone and Sora's death countdown was down to 1.
Ditto, except I was 13.
Demyx was the tough one for me. Xigbar wasn't too big of a problem for me.
I remember when Pokemon was first starting out. I was in Kindergarten when it came to the US, and watched until shortly after the Kanto League. Then, my brother's friend told us that Digimon was way better so we abandoned all our Pokemon stuff (burned our cards, destroyed the 2 VHSs we owned, etc) and got into Digimon. Only a few years later when they were halfway though Johto did it occur to us that we could be fans of Digimon AND Pokemon at the same time. We promptly got back into it and I've been hooked ever since. My brother just has a passive interest in it.
I usually have 1 or 2 Pokemon on my team as tanks, but have the rest of my team use various alternate strategies. As I explained to someone else in another comment, in my first run on Sapphire my level 13 Shroomish ended up saving me from Norman's last Slaking after it had defeated my other 5 team members. I just managed to figure out the best pattern to exploit, using Leech Seed when Slaking was loafing around and using Absorb and Bullet Seed every turn after that so he couldn't use Focus Punch. A level 13 basic Pokemon beating a level 31 fully evolved Pokemon; it was a good day for me.
I only know that because of an episode of The Magic School Bus. Funny how facts you learn from cartoons stick with you better than ones you learn in the classroom.
I hate both of them. I've always hated dark colored sodas, from root beer to Dr. Pepper to Coke. However, I'm a big fan of lemon lime sodas, with few exceptions.
This is part of why I hate the fact that I was born and raised in the US. Everything is served in immense portions. I know very well that human beings can and do survive on much smaller diets than I do, but if I tried to cut down to a healthy diet I'd feel like I'm starving to death because my body has grown and adapted to such a high calorie diet. It would inevitably readjust to the new low calorie diet, but the transition would be miserable.
I'm American and I've always heard it pronounced "care-um-el." I've only seen it pronounced "Car-mul" on TV. Of course, however you pronounce it, I still hate it.
When we first moved into our current house we lost a cat to coyotes, so now we don't let our cats out at night. We had an outdoor cat for over a decade (she died recently) and even then we made sure to bring her into the atrium at night.
6 form? Great, now there's another term for school systems outside the US that I didn't know about. Here we just have Elementary School, which is from Kindergarten-5th or 6th grade (different school districts set it differently), followed by Middle School in 6th or 7th-8th grade, and ending with High School from 9th-12th. I'm not counting college because that's where it gets more complicated with tuition and actual applications and all that stuff the others don't have.
In 3rd grade I got a stern talking to at school after having a fight with a 4th grader about half a mile from school. We had been in an argument on the playground, but since we couldn't fight at school we decided to fight after school on the lawn of a church. Apparently a parent of another student was driving by and saw this, so they reported it to the school. The school claimed that it doesn't matter if we're not on school grounds; according to them we're in their jurisdiction from the time we leave for school in the morning to the time we get home. We weren't punished because the administration believed that we didn't know that, so we were let off with a warning.
I didn't sleep through the whole night until I was 2.
I've been to the La Brea Tar Pits; I imagine it would be something like that XD
I was there 4 years ago and there were no fences at all. Plenty of signs but no fences.
A few years ago I heard a news story about an old woman who woke up at her own funeral. She got so scared she had a hear attack and died.
I remember the ads for the horror movie "The Gallows" last year. It was introducing a new slasher by the name of Charlie, and in the ad it was basically saying that Charlie was going to be the next Freddy/Jason. Outright proclaiming that a character in your movie is destined to stand alongside the most legendary examples of their character trope really seems like an act of desparation (or just foolish bravado). I once saw a documentary where they were counting down the top 13 great American slashers, and Jason and Freddy came in second and first place respectively (others on the list included Chucky, Jiggsaw, Michael Myers, and Hannibal Lectar) so specifically saying this new guy was going to be their calibur was writing a pretty hard check to cash.
