I dont feel like playing around with my drivers.. i did that earlier and everything fucked up.
When i drove to work the next day, we had a heavy rain and some lightnings in the distance. "The Sense Of Me" playing on my cars radio wasnt a coincidence. This was so fucking strange.
First, german amazon said they deliver mine on 22nd, then got delayed to 26th, now to the 2nd of february. Whyyyyy :c
I hella agree with you. I got hooked immediatly when i started this game, max's situation was so similar to mine in school.
Mine has been delayed to 2nd of february... :c
Turns out the release date for germany is the 29th january now. My previous deliveries were sheduled for 22nd, then 26th and now 2nd :(
32 if i recall correctly.
I actually rendered myself a screensaver using all menu variants. :)
[Yes, i do](http://www2.pic-upload.de/img/29513717/lisv.png)    I removed the credits text, so i get a blank screen when clicking on "Credits", i then recorded it and rendered it. :P
With my super slow internet and ~2GB for each one? Sorry, no. :D
Max is made out of pure wife material! :D
I once rambo'd through the door at archives on bank and killed the 4 remaining guys.. i felt like a total badass.
Well, I have a 4.37 KD with Blackbeard, and about ~1.5 with all others. Doesn't this say much already?
Now I know why I always get killed when I try to hide in the closet on consulate...
No, me and some friends filled up a large warehouse in one session and we didn't get a single rare item.
Nope, the 1 out of every 10 runs is wrong. I've did a full large warehouse in one session with two friends and I did not get a single special item. You can have multiple special items in one warehouse.
No, the "after every 10 successful buy mission" is a lie.  I've had about 200 successful buy missions and a win rate of 100%, means I've never failed any of them, yet only got one item.
Uh... what makes you think I'd use "ugly ricer wheels"? I'd use offroad tires of course.  I customize my vehicles with taste and not because "this item is the most expensive one, MUST USE IT!". I chose unique colors that fit the car, and not the most flashy ones.
I did not expect that. Thanks for making my morning less shitty. :D
Yup, was like "shit, shouldve bought that sweet beach view office across the corner" and noticed its the second most expensive one.
Actually, its not. Especially with this cheat engine tool some guy made, its tricky to get into but once you know the keys its very easy.  I've made an album of my favourite shots. http://imgur.com/a/jGdth :)
That usually sends my car to simeons dock...
15€ for me. I love the after-release prices of limited items.. :D
Deep inside I wish DONTNOD would have chosen bae as cannon, so they could create season 2 with max and chloe... :(
Threw mine in the ocean because it was just too fuckin fast and it was about 30k.
The professionalism. Telltale games are good, but they don't seem as realistic as LIS. Might be because there is way more content, side-stories and other things in it.    I also prefer the way you chose things in Life Is Strange. In telltale games, you have a short timer which forces you to chose without thinking properly, plus people are almost always talking in the background while you're making your choices mid-conversation.
It's an issue with the demo, a friend reported the same to me and I had no idea how to fix it for him so I just bought it for him and it worked.
For most people, 6 days isn't plenty of time and easily passed. I can assure you that it is worth it, if you can relate to the characters and the game, which the demo should help you with, to a certain point.
I know. Being a hardcore LIS fans has its side effects... :P
I somehow did the same, the tugboat spawned at the famous pegasus helipad, my friend went to drive it and I parked my insurgent on the back because why the hell not? A minute in we start to get to the waves, it went good for about 2 minutes, and then suddenly we get a quite high jump from one of the waves, the tug dives straight into the next wave and sends the insurgent flying and it hits the front of the boat. It ended up in the water but the boat didnt flip. Hillarious moment though!
RSS has quite bad pings at all times.  I'm usually at ~20ms in all games I play, RSS ramps it up to 80-120, and even worse for some other players.
Not necessarily, it could have fallen through the ground and into the garage. Happened to me a couple times.
Where? I'm never seeing the false releases on PC. :l
I just gave you a compliment and you say I'm mad.  Alright then.
I never even mentioned anything about rockstar or a difference between fun and unfair cheating.  I do know that rockstar bans for extremely silly things now, so yeah.  Concerning getting banned, I'll probably never get banned. I'm not glitching or modding in any way, and we only mod in FiveReborn aka. p/\, which is completely disconnected from GTA's online services.
When we had the 50% bonus earlier, it did not count to the two collections I sold.
Same here, made an account solely to post in this subreddit, and ultimately learned to love reddit.  This action sure had consequences...
It's not that hard. Me and a friend picked up two randoms from a lobby and did it with them on the first try, all you have to do is play all heists in a row on hard without dying, and thats easy with the heist armor.
Working in a store that sells laptops, the cheap price range (non-gaming) often brings back angry customers, and the ASUS support is absolutely horrible. Just for your information. :)  Then again I've had an ASUS gaming screen for my PC for over 3 years now and it's still in perfect condition.
Just walk up from the ramp side, and get into the car. Nobody will attack you because they think you're the stuntman. You can then take off in peace and drive to your Warehouse without getting chased.  I wonder how you managed to get a 10k damage out of that stunt, it's incredibly easy.
I've got a miljet, its huge and unique and okay speed. But Luxor and Nimbus are faster. I think Nimbus is the fastest multi seater plane right now.  Might aswell mention that Luxor is just a Shamal with a different paintjob.
Meh.. I filled the entire airplane once and my game crashed after 2 kills.
If it's not, explain to me why I immediatly get kicked out of the clubhouse as soon as I walk up the ramp? I even own the exact same clubhouse I walk out of.
My clubhouse is full of random bikes, faggios or not shouldn't matter. I did try respawning while it fades to black, and while my character is walking out. I'll try again soon.
So I keep getting instantly kicked out of my clubhouse, and i ALWAYS spawn with my car, never on foot. I can't even reach the dart board before i get kicked out. Any Idea whats wrong?  Is it because I'm on PC with a SSD, or that no other player is with me?
Ah, one of the (apparently few) people who chose the *right* ending.  Welcome to the PLISD club. :')
It's part of a bodyguard outfit, and you need to do a glitch on a yacht or the shower, depending if you're a bodyguard or CEO.   I did this ages ago when the offices have been released, I doubt those glitches still work though.
Tried this on PC, instantly closing the game and the launcher via task manager once Fast-Tracking became available.  Upon going back to a friends session after loading into singleplayer, I was greeted by the same project with the first progress of research.  Does not work.  //Edit: I only clicked fast track, not confirmed fast tracking due to OP not mentioning it. Going to try with buying it now.  //Edit²: Tried it by confirming the purchase now. It took my money, showed me that I've got a camo as the next project and killed my game. Upon rejoining, the game took my money, all my research progress and I'm still on the Assault Rifle Heavy Barrel project, effectively doing nothing but taking my money away.
Just tried it, I lost my money and my research progress, and I still have the same project as before, I didn't even get a new one.
At least he doesn't call me all the time.
