I hope my future wife looks like that when she's that age! She's 59...
We did last year.
I remember hearing it in 500 Days of Summer.
I'm not a big fan of the guy personally. I think a prep arm would be better, not to mention you should draft the best player available not for need.
Tim has really came a long way he used to be so uncomfortable on stage.
I don't know I'm a fan of it so far. Not too high on Jay or Fulmer.
Maybe. I have my sights set on a certain player, don't want to jinx any chance of getting him though.
Thanks, I was in a hurry.
Hey there I am in that thread. I was right!
I was so excited... only to be disappointed.
My bad only skimmed.
I'd be so pissed if that came true.
6 IP, 2 ER, 4 SO, and 1 BB. That's my guess for tomorrow. His numbers are surprisingly higher in AAA than I thought.
Replaced Way of Life for me! Thank you!
I have it already, though couldn't really get into it. Might try again though.
I think a little bit of me, got hurt just watching that.
Didn't help me either.
Lucas Herbert, our 2nd round pick just hit his first home run. For a "glove first" catcher he's been off to a great start.
We have our own /r/baseball podcast.
Are you bald?
I never thought I'd be happy to see CJ, after seeing Terdo's misplays.
Depends if I'm a pitcher or a hitter. If I was a hitter I'd hope I don't get signed by the Padres or if I was a pitcher I wouldn't want to sign with the Rockies.
My rankings were decided by a mix of: ceiling, ETA, injury and injury concerns if any, and the general consensus. I like Sims though he's probably the most expendable arm in the system, IMO.
Freddie is all we have left... You can't take him for us ^especially ^for ^that ^low.
I got one for Christmas and mine didn't come with watchOS 2.0. At first I was disappointed but after that update it blew my mind! The longer I have it the more I'm amazed I lived without it.
Rome Braves, for a little while. It'll be fun to see our future players start off their careers. It'll probably move up levels as our prospects progress.
Well in only one week my dad (who liked Bernie before this week, but leaned heavily towards Hillary) went from being very skeptical of his chances to just today telling me he thinks Bernie will pull of the nomination. He said he'll vote for him in our primary. It's a pretty amazing progression as I've seen the change. I'm sure my dad is only one of many who've changed their mind, but we still have a long way in this fight to keep growing Bernie's support.
I really want at least one more top 50 prospect, preferably a hitter.
I was dead wrong on Riley.
Ok. I've really wondered if Steve Avery's ever been mistaken for that one...
Currently using this. It's hard to read the comments black on black. Can you make comment text white?
I was like WTF at first.
I think Puk will be 1-1, but I'm only 75% sure instead of 100% with AZ last year and Swanson.
So I just saw X-Men Apocalypse the dude who played Beast looks like Freddie.
I know, but I viewed most of it as just being a teenager with the mindset that he could be 1-1. With some of it being rumors.
I hope so, he's my #1.
/r/mlbdraft we did it in our mock draft!
I thought the guy said Kyle Lula. I'm liking all these picks even if we didn't get a bat. Maybe 3 55 present value guys.  EDIT: We got BA's #11, #19, and #39.
I'm in between. Dude is great, but he is wilder than Folty ever was. Makes me really wonder about him.
We're even then, when in 2012 you guys killed us in the WC and denied my childhood idol Chipper from one final trip to the World Series...
That actually makes me feels better...
If IIRC, Chipper also has a son named Trey who could have had the name Larry Wayne Jones III.  EDIT: He actually is Larry Wayne Jones III, but his nickname is Trey.
You would never need another lover because you're a milf and I'm a motherfucker.
My respect for Tim grows everytime I see the man. Amazing guy.
I left out the words similarity score haha.
I will make this image.
Exactly why I don't take them for granted, even if I hate Joe's old man rants.
I forgot how often they nearly kill our players.
Chipper and his wife are expecting.
I never realized Dansby also wears the the mouth guard helmet like J-Hey.
