A lot of people including me had this until I uninstalled HTC's Vive software (not SteamVR). I haven't had any problems since then.
If I had to pick just one it'd have to be Hover Junkers. Amazing experience, I play a couple of rounds daily and can't wait to go back to it every time.  Honorable mentions to SPT, Holopoint, Out of Ammo, Holoball, Audioshield.
I think so but I'll let others with a similar space chime in. I think if you pick a smaller ship you ought to be fine. With some smaller ships I think you just need the ability to turn around in 360 degrees to be good to go. Even though I have a very large room, I prefer a medium size ship and really only make a step in each direction from the center. I've tried the larger ships and feel they're more of a liability than an asset because they're a LOT more open and leave you defenseless. With a smaller/medium ship you can have cover all  around you.
Hmm my 980 barely does medium, even there I feel some frames are dropping here and there. Granted I'm on an old i7-2600k and Win 7. Everything stock but even going to High drops it to 45 FPS for me.
I've never had a zombie closer than 10 feet to me and I've played it multiple times so it never got scary. You need to keep hitting head shots.
WHOA! Thanks!!! Never occurred to me, I can't wait to try!
Thanks, hopefully I wont' forget to try this tonight!
Uhm what does that have to do with anything? On the very first try of the new patch I beat my old score by quite a bit. The game is made EASIER, not harder. It's just that I don't care to just whack at dozens of fruit that are constantly in the air, the game lost all appeal to me now. Have you actually tried it?
I've been very happy with the Strix 980 over the last year... that being said I'm ready to pick up any 1080 I can get my hands on
Uhm that's what I do every time I charge them which is every 3 days or so. I do this daily to my phone heh.
If you don't want to use voice commands to cast spells you don't have to. I just use gesture to cast, never bothered installing voice attack or whatever it's called.
Ah thanks! Yes I made it to the giant skeleton and even with the skull he promptly dispatched me, I haven't gone back since. Thanks!
Ah, if the regular grips give you pain then modding it makes a lot of sense. I have no issues with the regular grips so I guess I'll stick with it (especially since I don't have any grip tape laying around).
That's definitely my main concern. The game is cool and all but I know myself, if I just continuously lose it'll be relegated to "neat but never used" category and I'll keep firing up Hover Junkers or Cloudlands when I want multiplayer.
I played two rounds so far against Level 1 AI... it disagrees =( Seems to translate very well as I am generally good at video games hehe. I had the ghost ball turned off so perhaps I'll play with that on to learn the ropes first.
I've got 1 with Vive in hand already and another building a PC for it
I had that issue but a complete computer reboot let me proceed. Have you tried that?
I ate them already *looks down in shame*
What games might those be? I've got over 40 VR games and Hover Junkers is BY FAR AND AWAY my most played game. I play it every single session... even when I have so many games I haven't played yet, I just can't turn down a quick 15 minutes in Hover Junkers. Nothing is nearly as satisfying as this game when you pull off awesome headshots.
Yes but I don't have the endurance to go 45+ waves in a single go =) I can make it 1-30 but then need a break.
Heck, I have a pool table 5 feet from my Vive area... It's nice to a) always be able to find a game online or b) play against AI with 20 different skill levels at any time you'd like.
I bought both... in all honestly, I couldn't tell the difference AT ALL. I haven't put them side by side to test if there's really a 0.5" difference as someone mentioned here but from having both on my Vive I would've sworn they're exactly the same except for color and one says "wii" on the little buckle.
Newsflash! Not everyone lives in Eastern Europe... I know, shocking shocking discovery.
I must admit, I've done this 2 or 3 times myself... I think that was in the first couple of days of my Vive experience. Haven't done it in over a month =)
Well... answer is two fold: For me, magic hasn't warn off one bit. Still playing every chance I can get after about a month and a half. I have over 40 VR games/demos and haven't had a chance to even try them all as I keep going back to several favorites time and time again. I haven't touched a regular game since I got this thing. My story might be a bit different in that I don't have much time for gaming so I only play a couple of hours a day tops.   On the other hand, if I had to save to buy this thing, I might consider waiting for second gen. I love it and all but it's not a necessity at all.
I concur... I've got over 5m x 5m and I really feel constrained quite often. Would love to have more. I could get rid of the pool table and I'd have about 6m x 10m but I don't think lighthouse is ready for that. If gen 2 can handle that much room I'm dumping the pool table and using Pool Nation VR.
A friend of mine is playing it on an i5 and stock gtx 680 while he waits for 1070s to come out. Oddly enough there's a ton of frame drops in the menus but in the game itself he's smooth sailing vast majority of the time. We were both shocked. He's playing on medium too which is the same as my i7 2600k, gtx 980 is pushing. Granted I get to judder in the menus but still.
I've had exactly zero issues in over 20 hours of Hover Junkers. I can't believe how much I love this game... the more I play the more I want to play it. Damnit I wish I was headshotting people in Hover Junkers right NOW.
It is the DP cable. Had same issue until I switched to HMDI for the Vive to PC and bought an DP to HDMI cable for the TV.
You clearly haven't given it enough time to learn... the arrow goes EXACTLY where I want it to go as I'm shooting small moving targets in Waves 50+ as I am moving and shooting target after target within split seconds. Yes, it's not a game where you stand, draw to your ear and slowly aim. It's an action packed dance of death once you progress far enough and I LOVE it.
If Oculus would reverse their stance on hardware exclusivity, I'd likely get a Rift for the sit down experiences (though honestly with amount of time I get to play I already have a huge backlog of VR titles) but I can't get over the feeling that I'd be supporting attempted destruction of PC's freedom if I give any money to Oculus so it's a no go.
Did you use your waterproof cover over regular foam? I couldn't get it to fit well, seemed like my waterproof cover is just a tad too small. When I used it, really felt the reduction in FOV so I never bothered putting it on. Bought this with express desire to put the waterproof cover over it and hopefully still have decent FOV and waterproof protection. After a 2 hours Hover Junkers run yesterday my foam was a disgusting mess.
aaaaand my computer could run it? Sure, in a heart beat.
Yeah that was my guess as well... I haven't gone back to Longbow after I beat it on first try. Cute and fun but utterly unchallenging. Holopoint and I, we dance a lot.
I'm sorry I don't feel like typing an essay on my phone but there's just so much wrong with the above... Steam is hurting indies, innovation, and the gaming industry? I'm sorry you immediately lost all credibility to me with one sentence. Steam is the best thing that ever happened to indies and PC gaming. They bring you a GIGANTIC audience. Without Steam you're free to sell on your website but very few people will ever hear of your product.   Countless other Devs have chimed in how easy it is to sell on Steam and deal with Valve so I'll take their word over yours. Especially when compared to Oculus.   I personally have no interest in seated gameplay as I've done it for 30 years, sit all day at work and in decent shape to play standing for as long as I have the time. That doesn't mean that others aren't interested in buying those games, they are. I don't want to see PC turn into console wars and will not support any dev that pushes exclusive software. I've got a much bigger gamelog than time so no point in me supporting crap I disagree with.
Were you using just VR foam or with VR cover on top? Just the foam was definitely a no go for me as well. With the cover my comfort level is just about the same as the stock foam plus a small improvement in FOV and clarity but the main benefit of keeping my sweat out of the original foam is huge. I don't sweat much and can play most games for over an hour before I start sweating but Hover Junkers and Holopoint (and to a smaller degree Audioshield) turn my stock foam yucky pretty fast.
Well the reason I picked the card is it's specifically mentioned by Steam support as THE card they've tested for people with USB issues...
If we're talking super small, yes I think so. It spent all of 5 minutes without the leather cover =) I tested to make sure it wasn't very comfy for me and slapped that leather cover over so for my purposes the cut not being perfect isn't a big deal. I'd call it almost well done. Certainly 10 times better than the cut on my sleep mask mod =)
Agreed, I can't imagine the cost is more than a buck or two. The cost to ME to go to a store and spend an hour on this is already over $20 though... not to mention I know I'd end up with a crappy product as can be seen from my butchered sleep mask =)
In all honesty the quality seems good but not great. I tried to pull the two layers apart and they seem like they're attached quite well. The cut is again decent but not perfect. To me, $20 is a cost of a meal so I didn't really think twice above it but I realize that varries by person. I'm not sure what it is about this cover and sleep mask that makes the Vive rest on my fairly small nose :). My wife can use it without the VR cover and it doesn't bother her nose. Somehow the Vive fit seems quite different depending on the person's head. The foam is really very dense so I wouldn't call it too comfy, to me definitely less than the stock foam by itself and not sure if it'll be more comfy that thick cloth, it's pretty hard :)
Will try it if it doesn't involve installing Oculus Home software. No interest otherwise.
When's the last time you tried thumbstick locomotion in Spell Fighter? The reason I ask is I tried it when I first got my Vive and couldn't last more than a couple of minutes tops. I then tried it a few weeks ago after having my Vive for 3+ weeks and can now handle it perfectly fine.  I liked Zgame's locomotion but my guess is you might've built up your VR legs now and don't realize it perhaps? The locomotion here isn't that different, it's still quite artificial. You and I can play it fine but I wouldn't be surprised if people that haven't gotten their VR legs yet won't care for this.
Downloaded it this morning and played for about 15 minutes before work. The first impression is VERY positive. The game is very atmospheric and quite beautiful. It's a joy to be able to walk around a Vive game and not be limited to small area/total on the rail. I'm eagerly awaiting getting back home to play more tonight. Quite a steal at less than $7 too!
Evil newegg... the EVGA card I want shows as in stock, I can put it in the cart and when I check out they take it out and say it's not possible to deliver it to me for some unknown reason. I go back to the store and still says in stock... I keep going around and around trying this. =( TAKE MY MONEY!!!!
Funny, I only have maybe an hour in the Lab, tops. I enjoyed going through every experience there, once. I show it to people here an there but it holds no replay value for me whatsoever. Pains me to say that about a Valve game.
Considering Pool Nation VR made it to Steam's overall top 10 sellers, has stellar reviews and tons and tons of posts about how much people love it - Out of my 5 attempts to play multiplayer, 3 times there were no people at all and twice I had to start a multiplayer game and wait for someone to show up for a while. It appears finding people in Vive MP games other than Hover Junkers is rather hard right now. Similar experience with Cloudlands Minigolf.   Luckily with Hover Junkers I've never had to wait yet.
I've had a wide range of reactions. Some screams, one person nearly ran into a wall and I have solid 5x5m+ area. One saw a single zombie and said no way, I don't want to do this and quickly took off the headset. I've also had a few people relatively calmly go for headshots.
I did nothing and was conversing very well with two people in separate pool nation matches.
Yeah I had a similar experience in H3VR - I turned Uzi sideways so the ejector slot was on top and fired off the entire mag. All the shells went up in the air and as they were coming down I caught a few on the Uzi and was bouncing them on it. I literally sat down on the floor in amazement.
A lot of people develop resistance over time. I started out not being able to do anything but teleportation when I first got the Vive. Playing Hover Junkers (which was uncomfortable for the first few days) got me to be fine with it now though.
