Thanks! I certainly wasn't expecting this result when I first entered. To be honest I'd expected to have to drop out before the end :P.
Oops, I moved something on Dropbox and it broke all links :(. Fixed now. I also hope to have DK2 updates ready to match the new GearVR version, soon.
Yeah, I wasn't expecting as many compatibility issues either.   Scorched Battalion started working on the S6 once I switched from GLES 3.0 to 2.0.
/u/Fastidiocy made the [concept image](http://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2xohqo/oculus_will_die_if_they_dont_x_at_gdc/cp2mvw9?context=3). I thought up some ideas for the controller, but largely I just evangelise for it. It was inspired by a prototype controller seen in the background of an image from when Oculus acquired Carbon Design. I originally suggested calling it the Palm^(^erluc)Key and /u/jonamaton else said just Palmer would be simpler.
One should only rarely accept advice from a piece of fruit, in my experience.
There's an older DK2 version on scorchedbattalion.com . I was thinking about updating it to the latest version once Unity 5.1p1 was available so I could do a Mac port at the same time.
Looking at that image makes me glad I'm not a moderator.
Shipping was US$75 for me in Australia. Some additional shipping options for CV1 would certainly be nice if that was possible (any chance of shipping directly from China?)   Also note that the taxes this country requires us to pay don't apply to purchases under $1000 if shipped from overseas.
It hasn't been buggier for me (though there was a performance issue on GearVR that's at least mostly fixed in 0.6.0.1). I had the impression that when people talked about bugginess they were referring to the 0.6.0 runtime causing issues with software that hadn't been updated to use 0.6.0, but I could be wrong.
The linked 0.6.0 version was using Unity 5.0.2. I've updated to 5.1 recently but am still having issues at this point. Lightmaps stopped working and performance was roughly halved on the Gear VR.
I'd love that, but I'm afraid that even though it was originally developed for the PS3, they mightn't get it running at the necessary frame rate in VR. And either way, they could easily feel that the camera movements would be too inclined to cause nausea. Hope I'm wrong, though, since even if I couldn't personally stomach it for long it'd be great just to be able to look around the environments.
Sounds good to me. I guess the argument against it might be that it reminds you you're actually wearing a headset, though games that it wasn't suited for wouldn't have to make use of it.   I'd like a dedicated recentre button on the headset, personally. If they use a sensor to tell whether it's on your face like the Gear VR, though, that might work well enough I guess.
I'd guess tightening it could get you slightly closer, though normally it'd make sense to set the tightness for whatever's comfortable. Obviously removing the glasses extender would be the main thing, and some of the facial interfaces might effectively put your eyes closer to the lenses than others depending on your head shape.
I've been a proponent of a camera on the headset in the past, but if it was similar to Gear VR's passthrough system (hold button for a few seconds to bring up menu, select Passthrough option, tap and wait for the camera to start up), it wouldn't be that useful to be honest.
Something they should have mentioned when asked about the advantages of a wide FOV is that, when seated, it's actually really awkward to look directly behind yourself with a ~100 degree FOV. Normally you turn your eyes far to the side in that situation. It'd be handy for things like flight sims where you want to be able to glance in any direction without a swivel chair.   Overall, though, while I'd love to try it, I don't think I'll be buying one any time soon.
I'm afraid I can't remember where exactly, but an Oculus member said either here or on the Oculus forums that the current GearVRs would continue to be supported after things went full consumer so to speak, and it's been recommended to developers that they try to support all models.
GirlVR's post is good and constructive and overall I agree with both you and her. Just wanted to throw in some related thoughts.   When I first learned electronic games existed at the age of four ^((possibly three)^), I was intensely interested and basically thought of little else for some time ^((or, arguably, "from then on")^). Nobody needed to market them to me -- they were in fact Nintendo Game &amp; Watch games owned by female relatives and, with the possible exception of Donkey Kong, were fairly gender-neutral: spray insects to protect your greenhouse, move washing lines to avoid raindrops falling on your washing.  Preventing me from attempting to involve myself with these sorts of things would have been a difficult task without killing me. I found I was able to sense the high-pitched sound of an arcade machine's CRT screen at considerable distances. After eventually managing to get hold of a second-hand Vic 20 from another relation, if the type of games I wanted to play didn't exist I attempted to create them ^(with varying, but mostly low, levels of success). Early on, being known to even own a computer actually attracted a level of social stigma at my school. When I heard of VR, I had a strong compulsion to try it that basically lasted 20+ years.   Now, it's very obvious that not all males react this way (though afaik many of the first computer games were created by those who did), and there are women and girls who do have the same kind of reaction as me. Some of those girls will have been opposed by sexism on the part of their parents/guardians and, with some effort, prevented or deterred from pursuing their interest.   My point is simply that if people are really strongly interested in something, it's not always easy to put them off with scattered insensitive comments or vague social expectations, as bad as some of those things may be. /u/girlvr and others in this thread are examples of that. I myself see things that I find offensive or disagreeable with some frequency in the regions of the Internet I frequent, and I don't expect that will ever change.   None of this means there aren't serious problems that need to be fixed, I just don't think they are the sole, or necessarily even the main, cause of the lower average interest among some groups. From both a personal and a business perspective I'd love to get all demographics more interested in the things that interest me, but I don't see changing anyone's inclinations regarding VR as a moral imperative.   ^(Edited for typos.)
As far as I know Samsung should accept four dead pixels as a warranty issue.   &gt; Every single VR HMD I have owned (four) has had dead pixels.  This sounds like terrible luck :(.
And I decided to wait until after DK1 in order to *save money* :).  Following the Facebook acquisition I actually suggested they consider doing this (not that it's a unique idea, and I doubt they saw the comment anyway). People thinking they'd made an investment and deserved a return were clearly mistaken, and Oculus didn't owe anyone anything they hadn't promised as backer rewards -- but that being said, if the Kickstarter did play a major part in helping them get their start and achieve massive financial success, it's a nice gesture to give the backers something extra. It should be good PR as well.   To use an analogy, imagine your friend started a band and you encouraged him, bought his CDs, promoted his music to your acquaintances etc. If he became a big star, he wouldn't owe you anything, and demanding a payoff would be crazy. It'd still be a nice gesture if he decided to use some of his newfound wealth to buy you a present or pay for dinner, though.   Oculus is a business and is under no obligation to act as anyone's friend, but many people involved with the Kickstarter essentially did feel like they were supporting their friends, and encouraging that is probably in Oculus' best interests to be honest. This really is a nice gesture on Oculus' part, and in a best-case scenario it's possible both parties could ultimately benefit from it.
I took his meaning to be that they do have "awesome pre-order bonuses", but they won't use them to *lock people into* binding pre-orders with deposits.  Edit: Wait, I misread the "no bonus pressure" bit. Now I'm uncertain.
Just worked for me now.
I'm certainly happy with my contribution going towards the computer, but if anyone else does want a refund it seems reasonable to provide it given the unexpected change in circumstances. Some people who were expecting a different Rift price might now be finding *they* are the ones who can't afford it :).
Not me, though seeing the total after tax and postage ($599 + $50 + $132 = US$781) made the Scottish portion of my blood run cold.
Me, though I admit the Scottish portion of my blood ran cold when I saw the USD$781 total :).
Ah, sorry, I was in a hurry when preordering and didn't realise it was possible as a guest.   I wonder if the lack of the verification email could be because their mail servers are still being hammered by pre-orders? My confirmation email turned up a few hours late, so if it's just because there's a mail queue the verification email might turn up yet.
I managed to get in ~30 minutes after it opened for April. I thought the billing system was down entirely, so I only tried again every few minutes, but as it happens it probably would have been more effective to spam the submit button and hope for a random success. Anyway, clearly it could have been worse in my case.
I've seen some people theorise that the HTC application form available for &lt;24hrs was some sort of mistake and might not count.  Edit: Also note that I applied for the original dev kit and never heard anything back, so it could be the same this time.
Yup, sounds wise. I actually feel uneasier about the launch date than price right now, but hopefully everything will go well.
I'd been thinking some similar things. Leading up to the expected 2015 release there were a lot of warning signs like HTC reps saying certain things were being worked on or investigated that you would have expected to already be locked down. Then after the delay many of us thought "Well, the second dev kit is probably what was intended to be the consumer version, but they found some things they need to fix. They'll ship those units in January while starting production on the corrected version."  Now at CES you have HTC reps say they're still going to make significant changes to the consumer design (integrated audio) and they plan to take developer feedback from the Vive Pre into account -- all this being possible because of their great hardware experience.   I don't doubt that they have impressive hardware teams, but almost none of those new dev kits have shipped yet, and even the details of how devs will sign up for them are "[still being ironed out](http://www.tomshardware.com/news/htc-vive-pre-first-look,30894.html)". By the time developers have received them and had a chance to provide feedback, how much time will be left? It seems like kind of a tight schedule even if they do plan to start shipping in small quantities.  I hope everything goes well, but these just feel to me like the same type of warning signs from before the previous delay.
Hmm, need to remember my login info.
I did that [last week](https://twitter.com/Sven_Viking/status/684875679549149184).
In case anyone else is interested, I posted a question on the [USB 3.0 compatibility issues]. And also an unimportant question about controllers strapped to your hands.
I was mostly thinking of something to track things like elbows and shoulders, and I expect that'd be a lot better than nothing without an IMU, but good point. A cheap lightsaber/sword/tennis controller (for the balance, and so you could more efficiently smash up your room and bystanders accidentally while playing) would still need a connection to the system for IMU data.   ^(Edit: Actually, maybe a lightsaber would be balanced more like a Touch controller anyway.)
Ah, thanks, [I see it](https://www.reddit.com/r/oculus/search?q=Baby%27s&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on) now. Apologies, I was just checking the Other Discussions list.   In any case, thanks /u/frasernewscast for posting it as I must have missed it amongst the preorder-related posts etc.
Once you're feeling sick enough it can take up to hours to get over it, and sometimes as a new VR user, you can get very sick very fast without fully realising it until it's too late. Going back into even a gentle VR experience can be an issue, then, even without being stubborn.  It's very possible things would have been alright from the start without the controller issue, though.
Keep in mind Palmer said there'll be a way for people to buy extra sensors, so if you are wanting to try roomscale with a Rift I'd suggest ordering a third camera together with Touch if possible. As far as I can tell, three should allow you to set up 360 degree controller tracking without occlusion issues with the sorts of "fine interactions" Palmer has talked about.   I'm concerned about what the international postage cost for a single camera may be if you can't have it sent together with Touch.
This worked for me with a 970. Easier than typing in each command.  Create the file `Engine\Binaries\custom.ini` and paste the following text into it:      sg.ResolutionQuality 100     sg.ViewDistanceQuality 0     sg.AntiAliasingQuality 3     sg.PostProcessQuality 0     sg.ShadowQuality 0     sg.TextureQuality 3     sg.EffectsQuality 0  Save the file.   Start the demo, press alt-enter to enter VR mode, press tilde (~`) to open the console, and type:      exec custom.ini
&gt; I'm not really that savvy with UE4.  Me neither. I assume there's some equivalent of the Quake family's autoexec.cfg where you could paste them in without needing to execute it manually, but if so I don't know about it.
Wow, I knew the wording used regarding the Valve Content Showcase didn't prove Valve was necessarily going to be revealing anything they'd made themselves, but I felt pretty confident there'd be at least one thing, even if it was just a new short demo, or an improved version of existing demos supporting all room sizes. With Valve being interested in VR you'd kind of think some group of people there would be wanting to make some sort of game past the demos they've already shown.   They could certainly still reveal something when preorders open, but I'm definitely feeling less confident about it now.
(I was referring to the original Innovator Edition release, by the way.) Thanks -- so that's what happened :(.
Looks like it was [this one](http://youtube.com/watch?v=K2WmDszPe5M).   Yeah, not trying to change any minds. I'm in the lucky position of being able to claim I need both for work, so don't need to worry as much.
I just missed the first 10,000. I was excited for the potential effect of digital distribution on game prices etc, but concerned about its performance on 56k modems.
&gt; Personally I still like just walking through it all FPS style  I like that too, it's just the vomiting I have an issue with :).   Being able to turn 360 degrees in real life would help to some extent.
&gt; A four dimensional Lightfield does the same thing but in four dimensions instead of three and it produces a two-dimensional blur instead of the one dimensional blur in the example above.  Ah, nice! I was thinking about it in three dimensions and couldn't grasp how it would work. Now I know it's in four dimensions, I still don't grasp how it works but have more idea of why that is ;). Thanks for the explanation!
For various reasons I haven't been able to check everything thoroughly yet -- I've had limited time and spent a lot of that showing it to other people. Generally it doesn't seem like I have any unexpected problems. God rays seemed about how I remembered (a bit annoying in title screens but other than that I mostly don't notice them when I'm not looking for them), and while red tint seemed quite noticeable on black backgrounds at first, it appears to have been a software thing (the logo for Oculus Story Studio actually must have a slightly red background, but once the logo ends the red mostly goes away).   Pupil swim did seem noticeable when I looked for it -- it seemed to be on a similar level to DK2.   SDE is visible when I focus for it but generally disappears when I'm just looking at the world generally. Pretty happy with it.
I just checked and I was confused about a couple of things for a couple of reasons. Essentially it seems like there is quite noticeable red tint towards fhe top and bottom of the FOV in dark scenes. They're visible in Lost, but the intro screen on Lost does not seem to be as dark as the Rift is capable of displaying. The black level isn't all that black. When loading it or restarting it, you'll see the screen go much darker for a split second before the scene with the "stand up" message loads.   I don't need glasses in the Vive but the Rift must be focused further out as things are blurry for me without them. When wearing the glasses, the top and bottom of the FOV are essentially obscured, which makes the red tint considerably less noticeable.
Can I get your autograph? I loved you in *Darby O'Gill and the Little People*.
All I know is I couldn't manage to pull the pin from the grenade (3:23) at Connect 2.
I'm very happy to see this (and based on past statements, presumably Palmer is, too).
I am pro-grammer, but anti-spelling.
