I lie down in bed and put on a nature documentary with Netflix on my laptop (with the screen dimmed). It's not that I find nature boring, it's that I find David Attenborough's voice soothing and it puts me to sleep after a while.
recovery was good.
This is a big one for me, too. It's unsettling, really.
person with the most fuck ups at the end of the year (or semester so two people have the opportunity to be crowned king fuck up) has to buy everyone else like a 12 of beer.
I love bologna. I had two bologna and cheese sandwiches today... :(
See, my parents *didn't* force me to play sports, and I got to choose which I played. However, I wish my dad had forced me to play hockey. I learned (after it was passed the time where I could start playing) that my dad was drafted (or something similar) to the NHL. He wound up not being able to play or go farther in his career because he has a heart condition and the teams saw it as a liability.   I feel that if he had forced me to play and coached me the whole way, I'd be pretty good and possibly--just maybe--been drafted to the NHL.
Thanks! I figured it was the wrong place but I also figured I might as well try!
I've been on newegg for the past hour or so. I guess I'm just not up to speed with what's the best graphics card and everything.   Also, is windows 8 that bad? I'd kind of want Windows 7 but I've never really had any problems with Windows 8 when I've used it.
Thanks! I think I'm going to be wanting to spend around $600 max. However, I'd definitely be willing to spend a little more if it changes my experience exponentially.   I've truly only ever played League of Legends on my computer because it's all it can handle. I'd love to blow cash on Steam just to try some other games but I can't really because my current computer wouldn't be able to handle it.
I am not denying his skills as a player, he is great. But to go down "one of the best" is truly *to me* an exaggeration at this point in his career.  I do appreciate the consistent downvotes though. One of the really good players, yes, but "the best"... not yet.    Hossa, however, is remarkable.
How is you and your dad's relationship?
I am sick to my stomach.
I am sick to my stomach. Blues have been tough to watch lately.
I'm a straight male. You're attractive but to me, it looks like you do your eyebrows. If not, it's strangely impressive that you have a pretty magnificent beard and decent brows.
It wasn't when I started, but it's where I got to experience end-game content in one of the top guilds on a server.   It was awesome, too, because I met so many cool people in my journey to it. The expansion seemed super long because I played almost every day and improved every day. The day I hit level 80 I raided OS with a pug and got tier gloves. I started as a ret paladin, but through raiding Naxx with a guild, I accumulated holy gear.  One time I asked if I could heal instead of DPS and loved it. I then progressed through guilds/raids with holy and I kept getting better. I eventually applied to one of the top guilds on the server and I had a trial and did well. I got in and stuck with that guild until the end of the expansion.   Unfortunately, the guild disbanded before cata (people transferred, quit, etc.) and I kind of stopped playing. I lost the lust I once had for the game.   WoW's awesome because this picture made me relive my experience in WoTLK again through typing this comment. It is unfortunate I will likely never have the same experience playing WoW again.
I don't know if this has been said before, but in Episode VI as Yoda is dying, he tells Luke, "the force runs strong in your family. You must pass on what you have learned."  I think that definitely means Rey is his daughter.  I also know it isn't part of the topic of discussion, but I didn't know where else to post it.  Or it could mean Luke has a son or daughter on his little vacant planet.
I had a dream Shattenkirk was traded for Drouin last night.... ):
My mom always told me to not fall into peer pressure, so I won't. Yea it's a sport, but it's just not my cup of tea.
Oshie was a good name to have for people to cheer for when they've never heard of the Blues, really. Now we have Tarasenko and I believe Tarasenko is way more exciting to watch. Brouwer is also doing wonders for us. I think Oshie needed a good change of scenery and I am happy for him. I am also happy we have Brouwer.
Yes it makes it ok. Have you never played hockey competitively before?  Hockey isn't meant for pussies. Tootoo will be alright. Maybe in an ethical sense it's not right to hit someone when they're down. But it's hockey baby.
I said it a week or so ago, but I used to *hate* Berglund. He was lazy and never used his size to his advantage.  Seeing him play on TV and seeing him live on Tuesday has almost completely changed my opinion. He looks like a new player and it is refreshing to see him play like he deserves the money we're paying him. I hope he keeps doing well and I have a feeling tonight will be another night for that. LGB
Just because someone uses the word "faggot" and "fruitcake" doesn't make them homophobic.   Like someone else mentioned, he was probably just trying to connect with these guys in an immature way. I call my friends faggots when they're being faggots, but because I think they're gay. [Source of that joke in case I triggered you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fcja4WFFzDw)  Lighten up.  Also, the proper word to use would be "worst" cop.
Yes, I am labeling you because you are being hilariously triggered by words on a screen.  You were offended and hurt because a cop called someone who isn't you "a fruitcake".   I don't know what you mean by "you think you are right." though. I don't know if I ever claimed to be right about anything. My first comment was trying to help you see how the cop probably isn't homophobic in the dictionary sense, but was just using a colloquial version of the word faggot. I also corrected your usage of "worse cop", so I guess in that sense I *am* right.  Then you said my comment indicated a bias, which I'm not even sure what you mean by that. What I take away from that is that you read my comment and didn't like the way it was worded, so you choose to disagree with it not because of the content, but because the words aren't spoon fed to you by your mommy.  In a sense, you are also being hypocritical because you seem upset that I labeled you. You labeled the cop as a corrupt homophobe, if the cop were as sensitive as you, he might be offended and would call you out for labeling him.  I hope your popcorn was good, though. I went to a movie a while back and they put white cheddar stuff on the popcorn without asking and it kind of ruined the whole popcorn for me.
I was at that game! So awesome. Thanks for reminding me.
hahahaha man I don't know why you have negative points on this. I don't laugh out loud on many posts on reddit but this made me laugh out loud.
We just play with water in cups and drink on our own accord.  There are better games to get drunk with.
Not that I don't love you, but where has berix been?
You might be thinking that you're about to cum and that's fucking you up.  When I get close (when it starts to feel *reaallll* good) I just pull out, eat her out for a while, then resume. If the girl likes being eaten out, it doesn't matter how long you aren't fucking her, because she's still getting oral and I imagine it feels great. Then you fuck her again and she's ecstatic.   Then you cum on her stomach and then you clean it up and go to bed.
Sometimes I cum and then say "sorry"
i've never seen it.
That's what I was trying to get across by saying how I thought of the intermolecular forces as a rating system. How you "start" with van der waals and go up to different types of intermolecular forces (H bonds, dipoles, etc).   I was kind of crunched for time and meant to come back later to this but it seems other people have hit the nail on the head better than I tried to articulate it.
Someone said buy Organic Chemistry as a second language by Klein, this is good advice. This book saved me for Orgo I.   He repeats that "you will be good at orgo if you understand the mechanisms" and he is right.  The beginning (at least for me) or orgo 2 is about carbocation stability (dies-alder, 1,2 + 1,4 products for conjugated alkenes, etc). It's hard to get the answer by memorization.   Each problem will get easier and easier as you notice similarities between reactions. Mechanisms suck (when you start) but after a while you will be thankful when you start understanding and appreciating the honest beauty of organic chemistry  Also, if you prefer math based classes, I hope you have taken Analytical Chemistry or are planning to take it. It's pretty "mathy" and is one of my favorite Chemistrys.
that karma change is HUGE. Honestly.
Just getting older.
I'm an American that is indifferent about football. I, however, *loooove* me some hockey.
Awesome! I know what I'll be doing in my summer free time.
Keller is a local kid, too. Would be neat.
How do you get it so wet? I've always wanted to paint something in this style.
You should be like "OMG I finally got your joke!"   I'm a guy and that'd make me laugh.
Thank you!  It isn't finished yet. I am hoping to add more blue to the green in the sky so it's not green. Also to make the sky more orange than yellowy-orange--it was hard because this was all wet on wet.   I was thinking of adding a small boat--or something--in the distance. I'm happy you feel the bottom half needs something, too.
Worked on it a bit today. Here's an update: http://imgur.com/U2uBDXE   Gonna let it dry a lot more before I work on it again so I can get the sky bluer and the oranges oranger.
Thanks!  I have been looking at pictures, but just to do exactly what you're saying.   I was going to do more of that when it was dry because you can see the left half of the sky is kind of green because I erased the orange with blue. So the yellow in the orange made it a little green.   I have to wait for it to dry to make it bluer and then I'll try to put some dark edges/areas in the orange cloud. Like in [this](https://bonexpose.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/Contact-Us.jpg)  Then I'll also add more stuff in the water (colors) because it'll be dry and I can scumble it.
Yeah I've wanted to try acrylics but I have a bunch of oil paint so I might as well use it until I run out haha.
Thank you for taking Magnus Pajaarvi off our hands.
I know! I hope it's an actual possibility. Though I don't know how true it could be because we just re-signed Jaskin.
Holy fuck it's Kevin from AOTS.  Literally watched a clip from AOTS last night from the first time in so many years, and now here he is...  weird how that works.
I love you.
I got ranger boots way back when and sold them for 2 mil. Bought an infinity hat and something else.  A few weeks later they rose to 20 something mil and I was heartbroken.
It did not affect me personally so it really isn't a huge deal to me. It sucks people died but it's not a major thing in my life.  You should not be grieving like you lost brothers/sisters because you didn't. It's ok :)
I want almost nothing from Boston. Sorry.
