[I had a rough fucking night, man](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JlmvtAHhnc).
Love the Stabley cap. We're gonna try to get it down next season for a photo, since my BFF is a huge Devil's fan and lives up there.
Nah, you're good. I'd hate to be called a Sharks bandwagoner if you guys were in the SCF and I'm pretty much the reverse. Burns isn't my *favorite* player, but he's definitely in the top 5.
&gt;opposing fans shouldn't be allowed to buy tickets  Not online direct from the team, no. This allows the locals to get first dibs on the tickets. For the record, that was squat to  me. I had a presale code for the first batch of tickets released (9am) and those sold out in under 3 minutes. I didn't get any and nobody else I knew - locals - managed to score any direct from the team. Everyone I know, Lightning or Hawks fan, has had to buy secondary market.  In previous rounds, away fans were able to call the box office and acquire tickets directly without a problem.  &gt;represent their team when they happen to be playing in the building  That's not what is going on here. Chicago fans are welcome to wear their attire in all but 7% of the premium club/lounge seats in the arena and, I assure you, they will do so. There have literally been a handful of people impacted by this policy all playoffs and those were STMs of those seats who happen to have another team (Detroit or NY, typically) as a "primary" team.   I feel like I've tried to clarify this issue for months now. It's not a big deal. It hasn't had much of an impact. I'm a Lightning STM who has attended every playoff game, so I probably have a better on the ground view on this than some random hockey writer in Chicago. The away team is **well** represented here.
I'd need to become friends with the Mayor. We have awesome beer in Tampa, but man...so does Chicago.
[THIS](https://tctechcrunch2011.files.wordpress.com/2014/08/panic.gif) is pretty much me right now.
&gt; If you're going tonight, cheer extra loud for me, please.  Will do!
Neither do I, since I have a zillion already. Good luck finding a taker!
You and me both :-(
Heart attack or liver failure. One is gonna get me.
Cool. Thanks. We're looking at 2nd Avenue and 23rd. Can see Ikea from our yard. At 1,000 sq ft with a small yard, ix-nay on the large dog. Security system for sure, though!
I really didn't want him anyway? Sorry, but I didn't.
Astrobolt inception is happening. I got a t-shirt.
I should probably say something here other than 'MOTHER FUCKING YEAH!!!!!!!' but the room is still spinning.
Oh god. Please no. Also, I'm not hot. So there's that.
I went to both games. In the lower bowl. There were plenty of Hawks fans. Yep.
Oh, I've seen him ;-)
GOING BACK TO TO CALI!!!!!
Cycle Brewing from St. Pete, but we have rare-ish Cigar City Cafe Americano Double Stout (11%) on deck next.
I didn't even go over there. Ain't nobody got time for 'dat.
Fuck that. Glad I grabbed some growlers and stayed home :-/
Dude. We're not wealthy. We're moving to Ybor FFS. But we do like good beer.
Pretty sure I'm getting evicted soon.
I live in Tampa, so I'm down!
Agreed. There are areas of Tampa that I consider far more dangerous than Ybor, but I'm still not likely to leave my doors unlocked or anything. The recession hit Ybor so hard, because it was reliant on disposable income going to restaurants, bars and other entertainment.  Tons of investment going into Ybor right now, which is why we're looking at buying. Not just bars/clubs this time, but residential companies buying up older homes and restoring them for sale or rental. We're looking at a historically restored 90 year-old bungalow, for example. I think with the direction Channelside is heading, you'll see development move towards Ybor along the streetcar line. Or at least we hope!
Key lime pie and Cigar City beer is in the fridge :-)
I've missed 3 watch parties and zero home games all playoffs. I had a big day today that required an early night's rest. Take your shaming elsewhere, thanks.
Celebrity is certainly more adult and with fewer/no kids, which is why I switched over from Royal. If you do choose Celebrity, I'd recommend something like Reflection. It's a larger ship with a ton of activities, but not as large as Oasis.
Seriously. I've decided to stay in tonight. Everywhere outdoors is going to be swampy.
I...uh...I'm keeping #50. Just in case :-)
Tampa knows something about humidity.  Source: sweating my tits off in my #50 jersey
I really need better housing.  *looks at cost of condos downtown*  Whelp. No high-rise for me.
CAN CONFIRM. AM WOMAN. NEVER SAID THAT.
Heading out to join the Sticks of Fire folks at Splitsville in a few and will be getting my drink on.
Oh hells yeah. This year I'm gonna win.   HIDE YO MILK CRATES
Alright. I'm awake, kinda, and fighting a fever. Get it done, Bolts.
Nah. At home tonight :-(
I'm ALL over that. Should make house shopping fun tomorrow. With a cold.
Glad I stayed home then. I drank bourbon through it all.
I'm fighting a cold and didn't want to cry in public.
I'm a Jew. I get pissed off about money easily :-P
Can confirm.
I've done acid. I had more understanding of hockey on acid than those folks.
I have that going for me on an otherwise epic-fucktastic fail of a day.
I think I'd rather be dealing with a boat than a land-based money pit. Oh well. It's my own damn fault for wanting to live in Ybor.
I'd be happy to work on the Crunch as well. I watch a lot of their games, due to my *ahem* obsession *ahem* with a certain Latvian netminder.  Edit: I don't know a ton about the Everblades, but I do know a little.
I'm all for a pre-game party. It'd be nice if there was a way to include the many people here who have season tickets already.
Not too hard to find something like this in Ybor. [Here](https://tampa.craigslist.org/hil/apa/5096426313.html) is a Craigslist posting that's recent. I can't speak for the property or manager, but they seem to also do vacation rentals so likelihood of being legit is higher.  (I saw this when I was looking for properties to buy)
If I have to deal with giraffe, Carle AND Morrow again next year. Oy. My liver.
I'M  ABOUT AS PRODUCTIVE AS THE BOLTS OFFENSE TODAY.
