I worked in one of the McDonald's that was an original test market for the pizzas.  We did full size pizza's too.  They didn't sell well at all but everyone who worked there loved them.  The country ham from breakfast made for one hell of a good pizza topping for my lunch.  They also had roast beef sandwiches that were amazing.
Back in college I hung out with a bunch of guys on the college soccer team.  One of the guys always said his dad knew the first President Bush.  Supposedly managed the communication guys.  I and everyone that played on that team figured he was full of shit.  Well Bush came to town on a campaign trip and the kid's dad was able to get the whole soccer team to the airport to get a picture with the President.  Pretty cool.
Used to do this in High School and College quite a bit.  We called it big foot hunting.  Stopped after one drunken idiot decided to poor a milk jug full of gasoline in the lake we camped by.  And of course a second drunkard threw a burning branch on it to see what would happen.  Gasoline floats so ended up with a Lake of Fire.  Still can't believe we survived that idiocy.
I found someones iPhone a few years back.  Figured out the carrier was AT&amp;T and took it to one of their stores. They should be able to figure out from the phone who it belongs to.  Evidently people don't do this as they had no idea what to do with the phone.  It was as if I had brought them a rotten fish.  Eventually talked to the store manager who seemed to have an idea what to do.  Odd experience.
I had already popped it out and handed it to them with the phone.  The phones battery was dead so had to pull the sim to see who the carrier was.
I just bought and brought home my first bike today...knew I would see something on Reddit tonight that makes me second guess the purchase :)
Out of curiosity, what college did you go to?  I went to a pretty good engineering school and got out with about $30,000 in debt.    Also what ballpark is your salary?  What engineering discipline?  What region of the country?    If you want to climb the salary ladder quickly you will probably need to look at jumping jobs after a few years.  Companies don't have a lot of incentive to give employees decent raises, so you will be lucky to keep up with inflation staying at the same place.  Depending on the discipline you might want to look into consulting at that point.  Consulting has the advantage of generally paying by the hour which gives you the opportunity for overtime.  Good luck.
What I meant with the IT department was not a group of people to maintain the networks.  I am talking about teaching people to develop software, use complex systems, etc...  Many disciplines benefit from learning a bit of the IT discipline to build tools for themselves.  I am sure people have built tools to help handle symbolic logic for philosophical arguments for instance.  I think your fourth point is more of a personal goal for academics, not a goal for a university.  I doubt very many (as a percentage) students go to college with the goal of helping to understand the world.  I certainly didn't.  I went wanting to learn as much as I could about the field I was interested in.  Would I have been willing to pay extra to fund the school trying to understand the world?  Nope, school was too expensive already.    Once again, it just isn't practical for every university to do everything.   If universities had infinite resources then sure.  But resources are finite.  I would expect philosophers to be able to help allocate those resources appropriately, but there is a bit of a conflict of interest in them emphasizing allocations to their own discipline :)
Infinite Jest was the first to come to mind, though it wasn't a book I really enjoyed reading.  I read a lot and have a fairly large vocabulary.  That book had me looking up more words in a dictionary than pretty much all the books I have read in the last 2 decades combined.  I think the author randomly chose words in a dictionary and just wrote around them.  That book is dense.    As for your classics list, I have read 1984, Of Mice and Men (assume that is what you meant), Brave New World, Slaugtherhouse V, The Illiad, The Odyssey, and One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest.   All of those were good.  I think Cuckoo's Nest, 1984, and Slaughterhouse V were my favorites of that list.    As for your vocabulary builders, Inherent Vice and Infinite Jest both fit the bill.  Inherent Vice was a good read, Infinite Jest was more like a painful chore that it felt good to complete.
I don't regret going skydiving.  I do regret not knowing that a jock strap might be important.  When the chute opens and most of you decelerates from a few hundred miles an hour to 15 miles an hour in about 20 feet you become quickly aware of the bits that are...dangling shall we say.  I am not too proud to admit anonymously that I screamed like a little girl when my junk objected to the sudden stop. TL;DR; Wear a jock strap if you are male and go sky diving.
Went to college in Louisville and the dorm I lived in wouldn't let students bring in booze the days before the Kentucky derby.  Searched all bags on way in.  We used this kids method to get it all in through my fifth floor window.   Kid is ready for college!
Since you know the dorm you will appreciate this.  I had a roommate my freshman year in that dorm who was kind of a strange guy.  He liked to climb out the window and sit on the ledge.  I was studying one day when he climbed out.  About five minutes later there is a knock on the door.  I open the door and there is my roommate.  He climbed from our window to the neighbor's window somehow, managed to open it, and climb in.  He then knocked on the door as if nothing strange had occurred.   To help you picture the feat, we were one of the rooms at the end of the hall and the neighbor's room was the adjacent room at the end of the other hall.  All on the fifth floor.
Early 90s.  Have a ton of stories from that dorm.  Here is another one.  Two guys who lived elsewhere used to hang out on our floor getting drunk a lot.  They had the habit of pulling the fire alarm when they left for the evening.  Happened a dozen times if it happened once.  Well, one night one of the guys was completely hammered when someone else pulled the fire alarm.  I am following him down the steps and out the dorm.  He passed out mid stride down those concrete steps and face planted into one of the landings.  This got a round of applause from all the people around as everyone knew he was the one that normally pulled the alarms.  I thought the dude was dead, but he kind of woke up, shook it off and continued down the stairs oblivious to the blood gushing from his nose.
I am two decades removed but they did whatever the hell they wanted back then.
Like I said, I understand this sounds normal and reasonable to you.  Just not something a majority of people do.  Not criticizing, just saying.  I would say it sounds a lot like what I take to Burning Man though so we are not so very far apart :)
Think of something you love, something you think allows you to keep your family safe, something that you use as part of an activity you have done since you were a child (hunting) and suddenly it is now illegal for you to own it.  That is what people are afraid of.    I have never owned a gun in my life and probably will never own one.  But I do understand why people would be afraid they will be taken from them.
I am one of the old guys that just doesn't get it.  I can remember when I was a kid not having quarters and watching others play video games enviously.  Twitch just seems like the modern day version of that and the idea makes me a bit sad.
I am not that old 😀.   I played mmorpgs for well over a decade (Asheron's Call, Asheron's Call 2, Dark Ages of Camelot, Earth and Beyond, Star Wars Galaxies, Pirates of the Burning Sea, and of course WOW).  I get the online social aspect.  I just don't understand being an observer rather than a participant.
I am from America so your comments are not silly.  And believe me the absurdity of our military actions causes me just as much amusement as this Canadian incident did.  No insult to Canada was meant.    I think the reason I found it so amusing is how differently I imagined the US handling a similar situation.  I picture a fully armed contingent of Navy Seals taking the ship with extreme force within hours of any such demands.  Not that I think that is good but it is pretty much how we do things.
No joke, I had a girl grab my junk one time and I didn't get the hint.  I thought she was just joking around.  I would say I got older and wiser but I am still pretty damn clueless.
Yeah, I would have thought so too till it happened to me.  It has never happened again.
Probably normal, but you should ask coworkers if it takes too long whether they got their check or not.  I have had a couple of jobs where they screwed up and didn't add me to payroll right away.  The job only paid monthly too so ended up going almost 2 months before my first check.  Sucked.
Drove my green 1978 Pontiac Catalina to a grocery store back around 1990.  Went inside, shopped, came back out, unlocked door, started car and drove away.  Only then did I realize that the car I was driving was not actually mine.  Turns out someone else had the exact same model car, same year, in the same color, parked in the same row as I parked in, and happened to have both a door lock and an ignition lock that my keys worked with (separate keys iirc).  The odds of that happening blew my mind.  I drove back and parked it in the same spot.  I waited for about 20 minutes to tell the person what I had accidentally done but couldn't wait any longer and left.  Was a very surreal situation.  It turns out that the locks on that car were really bad and wore down to the point that pretty much anything would work in the ignition.   But still an odd situation.
Bar Rescue.  I know a guy whose daughter was a regular at a bar from KC that was on it and was shown in the episode.  They made it like there was a raccoon living in the ceiling, which had been living there for some time.  Evidently it had a raccoon in the ceiling long before bar rescue came to town that was removed immediately.    She was telling her dad that the owners and staff made it seem like the were dysfunctional for the cameras but really just got a free renovation out of it.  I loved the show, but can't watch it the same since I heard this.
Open an account at a credit union in your area if you don't have one already.  Get a car loan for a cheap car and pay it off quickly (I did a year).  Get a credit card with a low limit.  Put an expense that you have monthly anyway on it and pay it off each month. Can't say that is the best way, but it worked for me.  My dad is a very smart guy and opened a CU account for me the week I was born to start my credit history as soon as possible.  I had cash to buy a cheap car ($400) but he made me take a 1 year loan out for it instead.  Along with that I paid my bills each month and kept my debt as low as possible.  YMMV.
Used to go to an authentic Mexican restaurant.  A couple of times I would be salting my carnitas but it kept getting sweeter.  Evidently the Salt and Sugar bags looked mostly the same and the staff couldn't read English so kept screwing up and filling the salt shakers with sugar.
When I went skydiving.  After I landed the adrenaline was pumping through my veins so fiercely that I was vibrating.
Well, I don't have common sence, but I do have common sense.   Now if having common sense were a pre-requisite to being able to use the "feeling threatened" defense then I might be OK with it.
Thought about that actually.  But since Siri has trouble figuring out anything I say when I am relaxed and patient, I really doubt she will understand me when I ask her to call 911.
Plan for a lot of small purchases at home depot/lowes immediately.  Things like garden hoses, rakes, shovels, etc... aren't big enough you budget for them, but they add up quickly.  What I found out before buying is that when you file the change of address form for the post office, the big box stores will send you out a coupon for a significant percentage off your entire bill for one trip.  I made a list of all the small stuff I could imagine and I just bought it all at once.  Not sure if they still do it but worth checking into.
I probably would go with a used vehicle in your situation.  You don't have to get a truck to get AWD and a used non truck AWD vehicle seem to be less than a similar truck AWD.    The truck aspect doesn't really factor into the fuel economy.  I have a crossover awd vehicle now and plan to trade it on a awd truck with the same sized engine and similar trim that has better MPG than my car.  I don't think you can lump them together and get any meaningful stats.  You have to check them individually.  Also make sure you check interest rates you can get.  If you can't get a good rate you are much better off living with your current vehicle till you can buy something better.    And last bit is be careful about spending money you haven't made yet.  Coming straight out of school you have no idea whether the job will last.  I personally would want to work the job for a year and see how I did before spending anything I didn't have to.  For all you know you will hate the job with a passion and you may regret borrowing money for a vehicle that now force you to stay there.    You need a vehicle that will get you to work everyday without fail, but it isn't time yet for luxury.
Used to do this to my mom at the mall.  She would go to the mall and me and my brother knew where she always parked.  We would go to the mall and move her car while she was shopping.   Normally just a few rows over.  The car was distinct enough (orange Volkswagen van) there was no fear she wouldn't find it.    She never noticed.   Or if she did she figured out what happened and just ignored it so we would lose interest.
How many dad's take their young daughters into the men's room anyway when they are out with the kids?   Happens quite often.    How many transgenders have you run into in a restroom in your life?   Me?   Zero that I have noticed.  People need to stop acting like this is common enough to be any big deal.
Cold induced urticaria... break out in hives in cold weather sometimes.   My allergist thought I was full of shit when he tried the ice cube test and it didn't trigger.  Then his nurse wiped down my back for standard  allergy test.  The alcohol wipe she used triggered it.  She first thought I scratched my self, but realized there was no way in hell I could reach those spots on my back.  She called the doctor back in along with the other nurses.  They proceeded to write on my back with the alcohol wipe.  Was more entertaining for them than for me :)
I have had them, and I was raised in Kentucky.  They were pretty good.
It tasted pretty good to me.  Didn't really have any effects from it.
Didn't take long.  I did get in trouble with the security guys for trying to take a picture from the perspective of Mona Lisa of the crowd around her.  Still think it would have been a great shot, but for some reason they don't allow it...
I went to Speed school at UofL and left the state as soon as I could.  Highly recommend that path :)
Go Racers.  Used to play the executive golf course there from time to time (Sullivan's iirc).
It was scary as hell the first time.  After the 10th time you just want to get back to sleep...
Worked with a guy who said he won a World Series of Poker bracelet.   All the winners are listed online; He was not amongst them.    It was often entertaining just listening to his stories and seeing how quickly you could discredit him.  He was actually a reasonably nice guy, just completely full of shit.
German.  In Germany.  Welsh in Wales.    I am a typical white guy with reddish blonde hair, so I get the misidentification initially.  But when I only respond to you in English and you keep going on and on in your language when I clearly don't understand, then it might be a bit much.
How many selfish jackasses have you known that have helped anyone buy themselves?   You think this collosal jackass will help you?   Really?  I tend to worry less about my pocket and more about other people's pockets.  Not sure anything he has promised to do will hurt me but I sure as hell see it as bad for the unfortunates.
As someone whose insurance premiums were going up by 20% a year before aca I don't have a lot of sympathy for you.  Aca didn't increase healthcare costs.  The industry did that all by itself.
There is nothing I have to say to change that.  They didn't make shit up.  They are entitled to cover what they think the story is.  I was a Bernie supporter but I am really starting to regret associating with the people still whining about his treatment.
Where did you learn that no profit means the employees make no money?  Cause that is what you are implying.  Having actually worked for a not for profit I can tell you that isn't the case in the slightest.  I got paid very well.  The distinction?  You aren't trying to increase profits for stockholders and the like.  The people making money actually work at the place.  What an insane idea right???
My sister lived in a house with two others for a few years, and they brought in a girl one of them knew to rent a fourth room when another roommate had moved out.  I will call this crazy new chick Ballerina.  Ballerina decided she didn't like one of my sister's friends.  After having only lived there for 2 weeks, Ballerina decided to unilaterally evict this girl she didn't like.  As in while no one was there, Ballerina packed up all that girls stuff and put it on the front porch.  Needless to say the shit hit the fan when my sister happens to be the first one back to the house.  Ballerina ends up getting kicked out.  The strange part was that when my sister and her roommates are telling the story they tell me Ballerina's name.  Turns out I had dated her briefly a year prior.  And agreed she was batshit crazy.  Sister had no idea I dated Ballerina, and I had no idea she moved in with my sister.  Just odd coincidence.  But she was pretty high up on the hot/crazy graph, as she was indeed a ballerina.
When my parents were paying over 15% for a home loan and that wasn't considered a bad rate.  Sounds great.  Where do I sign up? /s
I loved the round of "ohayo gozaimasu" and "arigato gozaimasu" when you entered and left.  Was like being in a Japanese version of Cheers.
Spent 3 days in Berlin, and rode the subway twice.  Had one of the undercover conductors ask to see my ticket on one of the two trips.  I now feel like I hit the lottery :)
