I'm from Orange. WOS class of '01. There are literally dozens of us!
I'm from Orange, was there until 2004. I never had a bad experience with a police officer. I have family who work for Orange PD, and on the other side of that same family I have those who have constant run ins with the police. Even through all of that, the police have never been abusive to them. In my experience (and family's), Orange PD is pretty good.
I'm going to get some downvotes, but here is my opinion/outlook: Long and short of it: cops are there because of a suspect brandishing a firearm in public. The group of 3 match the description and suddenly, one guy refuses commands while his friends freeze in their tracks. Suspect walks off still ignoring some loud-ass direct commands then turns, sees the officers with weapons drawn still yelling commands, and does what any normal law-abiding citizen would do: he puts his hands on his head and gets on the ground.   Oh, wait. He didn't. He proceeded to turn around and walk away from them backwards. They have drawn on him and are yelling commands... So he says to himself, "How bout I just make direct eye contact and keep fiddling with my waistband."  Those officers are responding to a potentially hostile situation: Someone brazen enough to wave a gun around in broad daylight and, of the guys that match the description, 2 comply immediately while #1 target possible-suspect proceeds to ignore commands and do some very ballsy things. These are the situations that make me not want to persue a career in law enforcement: if I ended up getting killed by the perp (and on video, no less) damn near everyone on this site would have been in an uproar about how I should have shot his ass first.   There's a couple people on here that I have to just say: you can't have it both ways. That's a shitty situation and I don't think I would have reacted differently. There's a good chance, in that situation, I might have eaten lead if the perp had a gun and decided to pull and fire with any hesitation on my part. Again, bad deal. Sad all the way around.
Maybe its just me, but if I'm paying $70k+ for horse pleasure fluid, I want it to be as fresh and naturally done as possible.  Not a horse sex therapist though, and I did not stay in a holiday in last night.
As someone who is blocked from twitter, I appreciate the image.
As a former resident of Orange, class of 2001, there are far bigger problems with Orange. Several nice neighborhoods have just become places for government subsidy filth, and the schools have just gotten sad. I still own a house and land that I let family live in, but I just can't see ever moving back there and putting up with the people there. I'd feel like I need security guards 24/7 anytime it gets dark outside.
If my contract pay included PPV buys, you'd bet your ass I'd try to get some more fans. That would include developing a personality that is also entertaining outside of the ring.
It really bothers me that during the mighty steam sale, I can find most of the games I want cheaper on cheapsharlk.com or cdkeys.com, and they are usually to sites selling steam keys.
&gt;I also left. You are a bitch.  Are you telling me you went somewhere? I don't understand. Are you one of the undocumented aliens he's talking about?
I sure do wish I could get these to work on my android phone. Sucks they're only for iPhone.
Ok, I wanted to make sure that's what you mean, because that's exactly what the point of the "movie" was. I was well aware of that prior to watching it, and looked forward to seeing some of the talent behind other projects (like Ghost In The Shell, Akira, Etc) take their turn as a Matrix short film.   Are you saying you weren't aware of that before watching it?
That's what I was wanting IAMNOTPLEASED to clarify. I was aware of that prior to watching it and expected that, but it seems like they were not, or think it was meant to be something different.
I wasn't aware I was convicting anyone or anything. I was just stating that all of the information that "I" would like to know, is known within almost 30 minutes of an arrest.
I tried telling someone this on a previous post, and I got downvoted to shit.
Post on a local forum related to the incident:  &gt; http://www.yellowbullet.com/forum/showthread.php?t=1671850 My friend of 45 years went to pick up his gun from a repair shop yesterday with his son and got into a shoot out with the owners. sad deal. after they got there they found out the gun wasn't repaired and was just going to take the gun , the gun shop owners wife told them that there was a 25 dollar service charge and they got into an argument . she calls her husband and he shows up with his son and when my friend went to leave, they got into a scuffle and shot him. then thats when my friends son started shooting, taking out the father and son. my friend was shot once in the kidney and arm, his son was stabbed and shot in the head. both are doing find and recovering . I still can't believe this all happened. Him and his son are so laid back. I told him not to move to that redneck town after he lost everything in Katrina. He's another racer and helps everyone and kind hearted. http://www.sunherald.com/news/local/crime/article56305535.html
Bullshit, it's a fantasy thing.  Can confirm, was high school male, had hot teachers I fantasized about.
First time I'm seeing one of his post, how would I, only an English reader/speaker, know?  And fuck you fucking fucks who are downvoting me, but whatever.
I've coined the term for a few friends. I tell them they've been "frontiered."
Let me know if you have any problems with it going to sleep or hibernate through displayport.  I'm having the following problems and can't find a single fix.   https://www.reddit.com/r/ultrawidemasterrace/comments/47reyr/help_ultrawide_wont_go_to_sleepstandby_on/
&gt; Or start shutting down your PC or start turning off your monitor.  This is what I've had to do, and it's just annoying.
In the eight years I've had my car, I've never used the key to open the doors or trunk.
&gt; As a straight guy,   &gt;  I would try gay stuff with him.  I've got some news for you . . .
I couldn't live without Shiner Holiday Cheer or Prickly Pear.   Survive!  :(
Must be nice growing up in a time where wifi is now a part of the equipment an ISP provides you.  You used to have to buy a seperate router or access point to have wifi in your home.
As someone who constantly sees mexican flags on trucks and beat up cars almost any time I have to drive some place, I can "kind of" see his point, but it's not really rant worthy. It is, what it is.
Promptly after receiving this raping, I had to open and play Overwatch.  I hate to do it, because I love a good battleborn game over a good overwatch game, but lately my choices are extremely shitty battleborn round, or acceptable mediocre overwatch round.  Fuck.  Edit: Butthurt downvotes don't change the factual statement that rounds are found faster, and more balanced with elvels.
I can't agree with you. My personal experience has the match making working much better.  No amount of down votes in this sub will make that fact for my experiences any different.
I used f12 for steam screenshots . . .
Outside of the actual game play (menus and shit) for battleborn, I have black bars on the sides because of my 21:9 format monitor. (http://www.lg.com/us/monitors/lg-34UM95-P-ultrawide-monitor)  It goes back to normal (without black bars) during any gameplay.   http://i.imgur.com/OGYZXUQ.jpg
Your comment is confusing. I am one of the low level players. . . .
I'm sorry, but this makes me laugh, so hard. (not at your situation, but just the facts of it all)  An area freaking out, so bad about this, and it's 1/3rd the size of the Dallas metroplex area in Texas.  I fucking drive through an area the size of a country weekly, just to and from work, and people are flipping their shit about it's future.  I can't image if just the CITIES in Texas started to do this. It'd be so weird.  The fact that there is such a panic for a tiny area that economies are going nuts is just crazy to me.  40x the GDP of Ireland in one state alone, 10x the gdp of an entire area in just ONE of the metroplexes in just one states.  It really makes me realize how big Texas is, and how much of an impact it could REALLY have.
i'm going to get downvoted, but here we go.  &gt;I can't speak for everyone, but for those who bitch about the price and the value of the DLC...I for one just don't get it.  $60 for me. 14 hours spent. $4.29 per hour.  Those who "bitch" about the price and the value are the ones who are very underwhelmed by this game.  I'm not going to list all of my complaints, they're all over the internet, gaming forums, and subreddits.    Basically, we feel like this game didn't deliver, it's extremely casual, does not really support squading/teaming up with friends, terrible balance between the "sides", etc etc.  I'm glad you're enjoying it, but you're in the minority of those who purchased it. (and the player stats at http://swbstats.com/ support that statement).  I don't think a followup to this game will be treated the same way by DICE after the amounts of negative reviews, and low online player base with a game of this age. I can only hope they make the right changes.  Before someone says "why are you still here", it's very simple: I keep hoping for some DLC or content change that will peak my interest and justify the 41.7gb of ssd space it's taking up.
Judging by this threads response, I should totally put my friends snap chat on the back of my car like this guy did.
Am I the only one who buys keys when I have a crate?   I mean, shit, I love this game, want to support it, and keep it going.
I toss a grenade then hit R. Still can't kill the piece of shit if no one else is around to help me.
How'd you get your 970m to a point where  you could overclock it?   I have a ASUS G751JT-CH71 with 970m and i7 4710HQ that I'd love to overclock.
I plan on grabbing a set of "take off wheels and tires" of the 2015+ fx4 style whenever I need new tires for my Tremor. I absolutely hate the black wheels.
I can't wait to see Nunes defend the belt on a Fight Night card.
My feelings about battleborn:  "I sure wish I could solo q play you."
I was unable to find any conquest mode servers running 40 people. They all say 64, and are all dice official.
I really enjoyed belica in Legacy.  I just can't seem to play decent with her in Monolith. At. Fucking. All.  I loved the range and diameter for the void bomb. The first right click i made while playing her on monolith made me cry.
I'm still playing it, at least 2 matches every day since monolith, and I still would prefer to be back on Legacy.  I know I'm in the minority with that thought, but I just enjoyed it more. The pace of the game was more to my liking, and it felt a bit more strategic to me.
I've been waiting for a hybrid kit since Aug 3rd.  I'm so paranoid about my card getting damaged from high temps that I've throttled it with afterburner to 75c, with 90% fan speed at 70c, and 100% at 75c,
I'll sometimes run crunch as support for my friend as a murdock or sparrow (now) carry, and we do really well. I build early game health, and once he's up to speed I start switching out to a crit and lifesteal build.  We work really well together.
I'm one of the people who prefer legacy to monolith. The game was just more fun to me. It felt more strategic, and everything didn't have an insta-kill feeling.  I'm not going to bitch and demand they bring it back, that's dumb, but I will admit I STILL had more fun on legacy than I have on monolith, and that's after anywhere from 2-6 rounds almost every, single, day, since monolith's release.
I'll remember that the next time I want to take a 13 steps back in hardware.  Thanks.   Also, not all of the characters are unlocked, you still have to grind or buy new released ones. So glad I play /r/paragon now instead of this. A new hero every three weeks, and they're 100% free to access and play. Also, Cross play between pc and ps4.   Bring on the console downvotes.
I stay subscribed so I don't miss the news about when it goes f2p, or when there's a post about it becoming playable on PC without needing to either wait an hour in solo queue, or get in to a group of 5.
Happens to a buddy and I quite a bit.  We'll notice the other three will typically ignore roles at some point to save and cover each other, even going across the map even though no one asked for help.  Check Agora.gg and turns out we were playing with a 3 stack while we were 2 stacked. Happens pretty frequently to us.
I get the joy of seeing this almost every day in the Dallas area. I make it a point to speed up and just see exactly who is driving the minivan, or toyota camry that just attempted to kill 4-6 other peopled in a drastic lane change.
As someone in a field affected by this: Good.
