Could also be my cat stepping on my laptop keyboard...
Looks like mine thinks we have a whole set of R2s then :D
&gt; Due in our Warehouse Sunday 31 July, 2016   I wonder where I'll be able to order these guys in the US.
Is that a new shipment? If, so, I may get a chance to score one in NYC...
I was in France last week and they had all the Walgreen Exclusives (except for the GitD Yoda)
Ping me if OP already found one. I want one as well.
I use GF bisquick mix. It's by far the best mix I found out there.
I feel the same way pretty often. Wake baby lexm up at 6:30, feed him, get him dressed, then off to daycare at 7:30. At night, I get home around 6pm and he goes to bed between 6:30 and 7. Even when I try maximizing the weekends, I still feel like I don't see him much.  I ended up taking FMLA time off last summer and it was worth every minute.
Per the Family and [Medical Leave Act](http://www.dol.gov/whd/fmla/),  you are entitled to 12 weeks of unpaid leave within the 12 months after your kid is born for bounding. There are a few requirements but, generally, your employer isn't allowed to deny the leave and must keep your job for 12 weeks.  Not many fathers know about it, unfortunately, even when they can afford to take the time off. I ended up taking 6 out of the 9 weeks I planned because I changed jobs in the middle but it was the best time of my life.  I know your kid is older than a year so that won't work for you but keep it in mind when/if you have a 2nd one. :)
Wow the hoth Chewie is pretty cheap! I'm going to get one.
&gt; I work retail and if a customer needs help then employees are expected to help them and be respectful  That kind of sounds like being in a customer facing job, indeed. :)
I picked one up a couple days ago. I didn't make it in the picture. Thanks for asking though.
I used [this link](http://www.walgreens.com/search/results.jsp?Ntt=star+wars+exclusive) to check stock at the Walgreen's around the city.  Somehow the one that had 10+ in stock didn't have any on the floor or in the back (or at least, that's what the employee told me).  I went to all the ones that had 6-9 in stock and found some each time.
I went to the closest to my office in NYC and not only they don't have it but they don't have any SW pops anymore!  However, they had a wall full of Harry Potter ones. I guess they're thinking of banking on that new movie.
I came here to post that.
lol! My wife hasn't caught up on that yet.
I read it as $25 at first. That's my mistake. Sorry.
I was going to keep mine in box but I think it's a shame not to be able to see them all.
Yeah I'm just waiting for it to show up in stores. I don't have to be the first one to get it. I just want to get it at some point.
If you are looking for a GitD Yoda. I have an extra one. We can meet in midtown (I work near TS) and for $13 it's yours
I got mine on ebay for $75 + Shipping. I think you should buy them all at $40 a pop.
Oh i thought that was 24 hours. I'm definitely nicely reserving one then.
I'm definitely cancelling. I'm more worried about getting a refund instead of charging back on my CC.
I just tried the butter tip and it was so delicious!
Reserved again this morning and it looks like they have some stock. I received the confirmation. I'll go pick it up this afternoon.
Born the same year as my father... Ouch.
Ours started getting up by himself without anything to hold on this weekend (great core strength there) and really walking around. It's pretty amazing!  Soon they'll be running around in the playground and we'll have to ramp up on cardio to catch up.
ffs Ibought some last week... I always have bad timing with sales.
He was in the musical scene back in the '60s and '70s so he probably did the former at some point. He was never much of a smoker though.  It's still odd though because I've grown accustomed to thinking that 60+ year old wasn't old anymore. and seeing people my parents age passing away definitely hit close to home.
I just started listening to Blackstar. I did like Lazarus a lot.
I saw that on the site when I got to the office. It was a quick subway ride there and back.
Yeah it's definitely hard to get around in the US. If shipping wasn't so expensive, I'd ask you to get me one and ship it. :)
I still haven't received my shipment from December. It may be stuck in customs but I have no way to track the order.  I did receive the following from their support team today:  &gt; Hello Dean,   &gt; Thank you for contacting us about your missing pops. &gt;   &gt; I can see that your pops were dispatched on the 21st, 22nd and 31st  of December and we do need to allow up to 30 days for its arrival. &gt;   &gt; If there is anything else that we can do, then please do not hesitate to get in touch and a member of our team will be happy to help.  The problem is my name isn't Dean... So did the send me someone else's email or did they mess up my name...  No need to say that I'm really unimpressed so far.
Nice! I'm thinking of getting into the Pulp Fiction pop collection.
I actually just received my first box from PiaB today. I still have some on their way I think. Mine was the Bobba Fett Prototype.
Do you ever get the notifications from Funko? My wife got me the yearly subscription but it looks like she didn't get any tracking for the 1st box.
I have a Spirit Yoda as well but I don't think I can do a better price than /u/nashlib shipped. Unless you're in NYC and I'll save you on shipping.
Do you come to the city at any point? We can meet and for $12 Yoda is yours.
There are 2 targets in Brooklyn with stock but none in neighborhoods I want to take the subway to. :/
I don't remember stickers from the one my parents have but yeah, does it still have the posters?
I didn't get any notification about a contest I won. And my SS sent me Futurama pops
Just asked my wife and she was pretty mean about it so I'm going to assume she didn't do it.
Yea I have the movie category switched on with everything thumbs down except for exclusives and chases and it looks like this guy didn't get thumbed up or down. It's no biggie. The movie was great so I'll keep him!
It's still on Amazon? Ok I'm going to amend my listing then. Thanks for the info.
"I think I left the light on in the kitchen. Let's go back to turn it off"
They've been available online for a week or so. I've been stalking the availability in store of Akbar all that time.
No Walmart in NYC so...
I have [one](http://imgur.com/2d8BFVi). The box isn't in a great shape but if you're in NYC and you want it, I'll give it to you for free.
Where did you get the Undertaker? He's my favorite WWE star of all times.
My wife got me the subscription for our anniversary but didn't see any email from them for the 1st order box. I'll have her check her spam folder.
