I wanna say something witty but I can't articulate my feelings.
Dude. I dig *Minke*. Inspiring every time I hear it.
I don't think atom size would be a factor unless we're talking extremely small. If someone shrinks to a few centimeters or something, they'd probably look identical. Shrunk to a microscopic level and I think things would get hairy.   Not to mention their body systems would be all kinds of ruined I shrunk.
The radon emits alpha particles which travel through the surrounding fluid and ionize it,  creating little tracks.  My friend built one of these as a senior project.
I just use an excel spreadsheet with columns for date, name, distance, elevation, notes, etc. One sheet for hikes I've done and one for the ones I want to do.
That was my favorite class all year. Enjoy.
Seed 4722 in 5m38s http://i.gyazo.com/77152cdd87c955ac38d916cc44084adb.png  Pretty happy with this one but I expect it'll be beat.  16 points on seed 4777 http://i.gyazo.com/77152cdd87c955ac38d916cc44084adb.png  Seemed like a difficultish card without finding gold and lapis underground, and I killed 3-4 skinless rabbits apparently.
I tried out doing a video since they're preferred here. It's kinda choppy, but oh well. I beat my last time of 5m0s too.  Seed 9933 in 4m42s https://youtu.be/Z4G23FXS5HE
"I've got my work cut out for me."  Sweet,  someone already cut it out,  now I don't have to do that part!
Very nice. I hiked to Harry's Ridge around Memorial Day but we were stuck inside clouds all morning. It burned off a tiny bit and we got a glimpse of Spirit Lake on the way back but never could see the crater. Still, Devil's Elbow on the boundary trail is exciting in any weather and there was a little bit of [wildlife](https://i.imgur.com/k52BSTu.jpg) near the trail :)  Gotta make it back this summer on a crystal clear day, and I think I'll take the longer route to Coldwater Peak.
0 to 2. Used to be 2-4ish time permitting.
Makes me feel fortunate to be paying 625 for a 750 sq ft 2 bedroom 1.5 bath townhouse.
I can't say I've done anything as strenuous as you yet--just ~10 mi and ~2000 ft EG. But, so far, it just hasn't seemed to be a limiting factor for me. Maybe I'll see what you mean when I get to doing longer, more difficult hikes.
Ah, yep. I've only been to about 6k. Lots more to experience!
It will for me. I'm just patiently waiting until we hear his decision,  and then I'll be excited or disappointed appropriately.  No point in riding a rollercoaster.
hey that's me
no I'm that guy who's typing a reply to that traitor who never hosts on reddit anymore
I think Crater Lake has to be mentioned. I have only been in winter so it was mostly just a stop-and-see but in the summer you could hike Mt Scott, or hike down and swim, or explore Wizard Island. Maybe others have recommendations too.
Really enjoyed the photos! I'm fairly sure number 4 is taken from Hamilton Mountain. Table is the flat-topped peak on the left side.
you can have mine I guess
my lungs
yeah but I'm an idiot,  so
Diet sodas are really only 'terrible' from a nutritional perspective: they have pretty much no nutrients for your body. BUT, unless someone can explain to me otherwise,  'hidden calories' is a ridiculous term. The calories on the label are what the drink contains (per serving,  of course). That's the energy you take in by drinking it and that's what your body has to burn to counteract it. No more,  no less.   That said,  you mentioned you're exercising, which is good of course,  but weight loss is much, much easier to attain by focusing on diet. If you don't eat it in the first place, you don't have to burn it off. At 6'1" and 250, your body needs somewhere around 2193 calories a day. A pound of fat is ~3500 calories,  so if you eat only 1693 calories a day (call it 1700) you will already lose about a pound a week. Without having to exercise at all. Any workout you do on top of that would help you lose it faster and probably build some muscle.   P.S. Sorry for the rambling,  just trying to help out :)
Yep! I live in the same state but it's still about 6 hours away, so I've only been there once. It was in the winter/spring, so there were still 12-14 foot snow walls lining the road.  I want to get back during the summer and hike down to the lake itself.
"I don't always go to London, but when I do..."
Really nice, when did you take this? I was all ready to hit Angels Rest  for sunset today and chickened out due to the cold.
Depends, but a lot of people watch the Times Square feed anyway. I'm on the west coast and we see it 3 hours after it happened.
I've never had the two together.
And now for basketball! [One of my absolute favorites.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V2GJ2PwXQ4E)  [Then he took the mic.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1XG5Ylw_O5E)
I wish I had a favorite invertebrate!
ever? yes.   commonly? hell no.
Yeah that too! Have been!
4ever   N   deavor told me to make a comment so he could give me a cakeday updoot.  Everyone else, sorry and please downdoot.
Cool!   We don't have as many shelters like that around here, but there are a lot of fire lookout towers that you can stay in.
&gt; Portland: Rainier Seattle  I just realized Mt. Rainier and the word rainier are identical... whoa...
I feel like a monster for having no desire to rewatch the series. I finished it last month and don't misunderstand me, I absolutely loved it,  but I don't see why it would be enticing to watch a second time. Or sixth?! Damn, it's long enough as it is!
I can't say for sure but looking at pictures, its clearance worries me. We had a Durango and still had to go quite slow and avoid rocks and deep potholes. Also passed a Subaru that couldn't make it.
my family tree
Oh... wow! I had to do a quick google because I didn't really know how much a pack was but that's crazy in Australia!
^^ayy ^^that's ^^me   and if I remember to play this, I intend to go 2-0 in all Neilson+ games ever hosted
It's just wet right now. I'm pretty sure all of the ice and and snow is gone now, though it was extremely bad earlier this month. I'm on mobile right now but I can link you a couple of recent trip reports in the morning if you'd like.   As for the bridge that got rekt, it's maybe a hundred yards past the Punchbowl viewpoint. When I went in December the creek crossing was relatively simple. Recent rains might have made it sketchy though. Some people have actually used the bridge anyway, which I think is insane, but to each his own..lol
MRW the floor is lava and I forgot my protective boots at the top of the other rock wall and my buddy has one broken arm and oh yeah, I'm trying to get water out of my ear too so I'd prefer ^to ^^remain ^^horizontal
I wish these were stickied! I love participating.  Also, do #s 7, 15, 27, and 30 have any significance (other than 30 being last) or are they just "get lucky" bonuses?
Thanks for your thoughts. I absolutely understand that it's important to recognize and be as cognizant as possible of the disparities and injustices in society. But short of dedicating yourself to campaigning for overhauls, I don't know of many concrete ways to fix these problems. If you have suggestions, I'm all ears. That's why I said our only real duty is to respect and love everyone (at least, until they've given you reason not to).   Maybe that's apathetic of me. But I also don't think a white person should feel *guilty* for the way things currently are when he or she more than likely had no part in bringing it about. Aware and sympathetic, yes. Guilty, no.   And thanks for the reading suggestions. I will definitely take a look.
Eagle Creek is badass. I still haven't made it to Tunnel Falls though...
Hells Canyon is deeper than the Grand Canyon... impressive. I didn't know that and I live in the northwest!
I stumbled across it this past summer and was also surprised at how empty it was!
Columbia River gorge. About 30 minutes east of Portland.
No problem :D hopefully some of it is useful. I'm pretty new to hiking the area but I've learned a lot and it's nice to be able to share it.
You've been a lot of places. Pakistan, Oregon, Colorado...
