Nope.  I have yet to be in any, although I have filmed some police doing traffic stops.  They had zero interest in me.  Which I guess is actually a good thing.
I remember my test and i backed halfway into the spot and the guy said that was good enough and to move on.  I was like uhh ok.
I know that the casino's I've been to, that you have to fill out tax forms if you win over a certain amount of money.  I am not sure when it involves a situation like this guys where he is being asked to leave for counting cards.  It would seem more reasonable that they want his ID so they can have him trespassed but initially it seems the sole reason they want his ID is because they suspect he counted cards and want to know who he is before they cash him out and tell him to not come back.
A few of my friends are teachers and movie day usually means they are hungover.
I always try to include a news article if available.  Most of the time there just isn't any though because the video is too new.  People do downvote strangely though.  Do bots downvote in smaller subs like this?
I know some people don't agree with me on this, but there are questions you can answer that are not going to be incriminating. If you know you have a valid license, saying you do isn't going to hurt you.
I've thought about this and I believe if I ever have to tell a cop that I don't want to talk to them, I am going to go with something that gets the point across yet also deflects some "asshole" sounding statement in the cops mind. I am thinking "I will not speak any further on the advice of my attorney."  They may now not be sure if you are "one of those youtube people" or actually following legal advice from counsel.
[Article](http://minnesota.cbslocal.com/2015/06/03/new-brighton-woman-says-police-are-harassing-her/).  I posted the youtube video because it mentions at the very end that the last time they showed up, they just walked right in the house.
Oh.  Then I must have seen a repost because it was at zero.  Someone that said they used to live in that city made this comment:  The reality is the principal called 911 and the police pretty much had to arrest the guy once that happened. Lynn police are very easy going, but sometimes their hands are tied.  ooook then
I have to admit that I giggled at his reason for wanting to talk to them. As for the blinds being put down, is it against the law for a citizen to use those radar or FLIR devices, that the police and fbi use, to look into a public building like that sheriffs office?  That would make a great video if they drop the blinds and the cameraman hits a button to flip to some other form of filming.
I thought about the speaker system before but also wondered what they would do if you wore those yellow nighttime glasses at a dui checkpoint. Window never rolled down and they cannot clearly see your eyes. This would be an interesting test to conduct but you likely would end up arrested anyway. Would be great to try if you have a disposable income. This is something I'd love to do if I hit the lottery.
I thought Vanessa was going to bring John after Ethan told her he couldn't attend.  That may have ended an actual bloodbath involving his arm through Victor's chest.
[This is the only way I've ever dressed when I've gone to Disney](http://i.imgur.com/y368QqN.jpg).  (Slightly NSFW)
That is definitely one of those things where a person may act differently than normal.  I am very active in /r/amifreetogo so I see videos of people having their rights violated all the time.  I know it is a cliche but if people don't exercise their rights, the lose them.  That being said, I cannot 100% say that I would refuse consent in an active manhunt of that magnitude.  Another option people have is simply not answering the door.  If the police are going to come in, they are going to come in.
I remember looking at a National Geographic back in the day at school and finding some jungle tribe section with a picture of a 6 or 7 year old child with 2 cocks.  I made sure to show that to as many people as I could.  I think i cut out the page and kept it but I have no idea where it is all these years later.
I just watched all of Enterprise again on Netflix.  My question is, would the crew of Enterprise browse /r/picsofhorsevaginas between fighting the Xindi, Suliban, Augments, Romulans, Terra-Prime(ians), etc?
It was so long ago I don't remember how I found it. It had something to do with AIM.
No problem. That took me over 12 hours to finish but it is for a good cause. I will do another one lazy sunday.
It was very recent because even when Ferguson was going on, it wasn't on the books.  I remember checking for Open Carry laws in Missouri during that and  it was insane how pockmarked this one map was of the different towns and cities that had different rules regarding it.
something about shoving my pistil in her stamen
I live in the USA and there is still a bar in my area that charges 1 dollar for a pint for the major brands like miller, coors, and bud.
This is one of those weird things that I can understand them needing to inventory a vehicle before it is impounded so the owner cannot claim something was taken that was never there in the first place.  On the other hand, you are screwed if they find anything illegal.
It's times like that where recipes from [cookingwithcum](http://cookingwithcum.com/) come in handy.
I do not need to explain myself if I am walking down a street at 3AM and someone gets nervous and calls 911 just because they don't think people should be walking around at that hour.  Sure you have to respond to the call, but if that is the only reason given to  you for the call, then you can ask for my ID, but I do not have to give it to you.  Perfect case and point being the guy who was arrested for failure to ID because someone called the cops on him for videotaping traffic lights at a late hour of the night.  [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSgtWa3hxA8) and [PINAC article](http://photographyisnotacrime.com/2015/03/ohio-man-arrested-for-video-recording-traffic-lights/).
I searched for state laws regarding it and kept finding local ordinances so I'm not sure what is up with that in regards to the state.  I'm not saying the police cannot investigate.  That is their job.  I'm saying that unless they are going to come up with a valid reason to get her ID, sitting in a car in front of a vacant house does not cut it.  I'm sure you already know that even in high crime neighborhoods, you cannot just pull over a car because of the area they are in.  Police typically will follow the car that they suspect may be up to something and wait for the vehicle to break some minor traffic law before they initiate the stop.  I've seen that dozen of times on shows like COPS.  Police see some white guy leaving a drug neighborhood and follow him until he forgets to stop completely at a stop sign or they see his tag light is out.  Then they start peppering him with questions about why he is in that neighborhood.
There is probably a lot more upkeep, but I always wanted to have a parrot or tortoise that would long outlive me just so I wouldn't have to deal with a beloved dog and/or cat dying every 10-15 years on average.
I would never get one without fully looking into the topic and talking to others.  My uncles wife's family have had a parrot that is somewhere around the 40 year old mark.  They were always able to have people at home though.  The only living thing considered a pet in my home right now is a frog that is about an inch long.  It just keeps living and living in its little square bowl of water home.
random poker question....is there a clear established rule on who wins between a royal flush with a joker and a 5 of a kind?  this comes up sometimes when we play cards during our dart league.  Also, I know a 6 of a kind isn't really a legitimate hand but I've gotten that already by getting both jokers and thought it was pretty damn awesome.
we play a pretty simple game.  we play with a normal deck plus the 2 jokers.  each person on each team get as many cards as they can throughout the game and at the end of the game, 3 cards from the deck are flopped.  then whoever has the best hand wins.  Recently the 3 cards were flopped at the end of the game and one of them was a joker.  one guy had 10, jack, queen, king of diamonds so with the joker he had a royal.  I had in my hand 3 5's and a joker.  So 5 of a kind with the flop joker.  Nobody was quite sure who won the money so we split it hahahaha.
I know I watched the HIPPA thing before.  Honestly, maybe they weren't posted and I'm just remembering watching it but never posted it.  I've made so many posts of videos from youtube that I can't remember anymore.
I loved the Under Siege movies and I loved Erika Eleniak's tits.  Now if only Katherine Heigl would have showed hers in Under Siege 2.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
I keep 000 buck as the first shot and then alternate between that and a slug until full.
I have gone to wawa and sheetz one after another to gorge myself. Sheetz though is obviously superior when it comes to pure choices of food.
I had a dove fly into a skylight and knock itself out.  the thing fell a good 20 feet and I figured it was dead.  Until I went looking and the bastard popped back up and scared me shitless.
Interestingly, the only person from my school that went into porn, is a dude and he is now an extremely well-known gay porn star.  And yes, I am straight but still watched some of his videos.  It was pretty fascinating seeing someone you went to school with eat out another dudes ass.
I was at a bar pretty drunk because I was laid off.  After waking up the next morning and combing through the dozens upon dozens of texts about him dying, I saw one that I missed and it was from my boss saying to come back to work.  Thank you for dying MJ.
I'm using Adblock Plus and didn't see it.  So the mystery continues.
This isn't about animals, but I had 3 different relatives die after I showed up to the hospital to see them. They weren't even scheduled to die. Now I feel like the family grim reaper.
I am really really really trying to figure out even the tiniest possible reason as well. This one really has me stumped hahaha.
Along religious lines, I remember those living with the tribe shows with those guys mark and olly. They lived with a tribe on an island that still is a cargo cult. They worship some random navy dude from WWII that they still refer to as Tom Navy.
The looking at titles and not watching the videos is simply ridiculous.  It is true that I have no idea what the videos contain.....so that's why I watch them before posting them.  Also, 99% of my link posting is done in this sub, so the claims of reaping karma is pretty much a moot point considering this is a pretty small community.  I could have X times more karma if I truly cared about it because I could X-post every single one of my submissions to 4 or 5 other subs.  That's not what it is about.
That's why I watch a lot of Efukt.
I've honestly have never heard in person or read something that caused me to feel offended.  I wonder if the whole "OMG THAT'S OFFENSIVE!!" thing is a product of how you were raised, how society has indoctrinated you, or a combination of everything?
You either responded to the wrong thread or misunderstood.  The song Independence Day by Martina Mcbride was used as the opening theme song at one point to Sean Hannity's radio show.  I was just confirming with the other guy that it was in fact the same song as in the video.  The way these guys covered it was great, but, it also made it much more difficult to realize what it was to people that knew the original song.  I honestly didn't know the name of the song but I knew the song itself from hearing it on the radio, so when these guys in the video sang it, I had no clue what it was.  But then the original played at the end and I had a mini "oh shit it's that song" moment.
We had some kid bring a gun to school back in the day.  Someone narc'd him out and the cops showed up, took it out of his locker, and arrested him.  No hysteria or lockdowns.  Obviously an active shooter situation is something different, but even a report of a kid with a gun in his locker nowadays would cause panic.  I guess I can still understand it but my point is that times have definitely changed as to the police and school response.
I'll slap my yuengling against your shiner all night long.
Along with you basically going in reverse with your memories, the saddest part is that a lot of people with dementia become angry and even violent towards their loved ones once they no longer know who they are.  It really crushed some of my uncles when my grandfather would yell at them as if they were complete strangers.
I don't know for sure if his memory literally went in reverse but that was how it seemed as thing progressed.  Obviously all of us grandkids and such were the first he started to not recognize.  Then it slowly progressed into his children and eventually his wife.  It was very sad but interesting when he started talking about things we all could only assume were from his time before meeting his wife.  I am not sure exactly what type of dementia he had but he would also sometimes become very mean and even try to hit some of my uncles because he had no clue who they were and would get pissed off at who he perceived as a stranger.  That was very hard to witness.
I usually stick with beer so I'm thinking the unlimited package with that is my best way to go. For liquor, isn't it also as simple as emptying two bottles of wine and refilling and recorking them the easiest way to go since you can take them aboard?
Exactly.  Remaining calm and asking them questions to get them on record is very important.  However, as I often say, you better be VERY sure of what you are going to say once you are detained.  Even posing a question the wrong way could potentially end up incriminating yourself.  If you aren't sure the question you are going to ask is safe to ask, just skip it or reword it in your head before saying it.
