Yay, a write-up! I'm glad the meet-up was a success, and it sounds like there's good appetite for more in future. In the past we've struggled to get anyone motivated to run this before, so big kudos to /u/heroicfisticuffs for kicking this all off!  I was sorry to miss it, but it sounds like my name was invoked a good deal :-/ Poor local Nethack players must have been so confused...  Hopefully next year's IRDC will get roughly scheduled soon. I can then try to convince my fiancée that we should have our honeymoon around the same time and place ;)
No corruption involved there - just 45 minutes of me talking to myself.
I swear I've been on dozens of wine tasting and have been forced to drink the stuff at countless occasions. Screw this acquired taste malarky, and screw everyone trying to tell me that I just need to drink more. I just don't like wine! :P
As someone much beyond college, when I mention that I don't drink I suddenly get long speeches about "oh, well *I* only drink on these days..." or some other guilt-ridden speech. I'm almost tempted to drink just to make them shut up :P
Or a bit you could swear is "rough-ass art" and it's not till you're humming it one day that a friend informs you it's actually "love your heart".  What I don't get with the song lyrics thing is that some people seem to magically know all the words and sing along easily, when the best I can do is "dum de doo-dooo dah-duh, rough-ass art duh-doo!"
Don't blame everything on "feminazis". For a start it makes you sound like a dismissive chauvinist.  I wrote all the breeding pits lore and came up with the design for the zone, and I was pretty upset when it was removed. But I understand some people had issues with it, particularly as it was implemented. At the time DarkGod and I tried doing some tweaks to make it work better in terms of both gameplay and setting, but there had been so much controversy already (especially with people who had never played it jumping in and complaining) that it didn't work out and DG cut it out instead. I hope it will make it bad in some modified form one day.
I have a tonne of other content in the game, so I don't mind too much. As a contributor one can't be too previous. Sometimes cuts are better for the game, and I certainly didn't want the breeding pits projecting a bad image of the game or putting off players.
Oh, I'm very sorry - I mixed you up with the OP who said he hated the show!
Haha, there's no worry about that here - you never actually encounter other players. Instead you see the changes players make to the world as they play themselves, and when they die you can come across their corpses.  It leads to some really interesting scenarios. You come across some looted buildings, their windows smashed and cupboards raided, traces of fights nearby. You follow the trail and come across a bunker someone has built, but now it's overrun by zombies. You fight through the zombies and find a corpse, containing some nice weapons but no ammo. There's a story to be traced there of a previous player's conquest.  It really fits the ghostly atmosphere of Cataclysm, because you only ever see traces of activity, never actual other players.
Reminds me of a nightmare I had once were I was turned into a newborn baby, but couldn't control my vocal cords or limbs properly in the weak baby body, and my thoughts and memories all started fading away from my undeveloped brain, whilst all I could do was cry and cry and cry... When I woke up from that dream I didn't want to open my eyes in fear that it was true :-/
You don't see all the crap I have to delete in the background! A lot of amateur let's players want to post their Spelunky or Isaac vids here, without engaging with the community or being a part of the subreddit. Rule 2 helps me keep discussion more relevant here.   I've started up YouTube Tuesdays to give a legitimate outlet to this content without having the front page spammed to hell.
Should this be added to the Rules as a rule 0? I know "be civil" should go without saying, but having it in the rules can help with enforcing moderation. It also helps remind people that they can report such posts (often toxic comments in minor threads go unseen by mods).  A few months ago I added "Be nice" as rule 1 on /r/roguelikes and it's helped a lot with moderation and justifying actions.
Well I think these questions are more directed at me than the panel of devs, so I'll answer them here instead if that's okay :)  Starting from July Mark Johnson and I will be having weekly Skype calls to record Roguelike Radio episodes. The intention is to get different guests on for different topics, and to build up a set of regulars we can call on who are able to talk about a variety of topics (DarkGod, Jim Shepard, Tanya Short and Kawa are all prime people at the mo). We also have an audio wizard regularly editing our episodes now, and a few others I can hit up for editing help when he's busy.  The big problem over the last while is that it's essentially just been me doing everything. Me picking topics, me getting guests on, me hosting and recording, me editing, me doing the blog posts and promotion of new episodes. It started off me and Andrew, and as Andrew dropped off a bit due to parental responsibilities it ended up me and Eben or me and Kawa a lot of the time. Having others there as co-hosts at least pushed for things to happen. Unfortunately both Eben and Kawa have also become too busy in life to keep up their activity, and in the past year I've become particularly busy myself. Hopefully a new schedule, with every Tuesday earmarked, will focus more production. Hopefully others can step up to the plate when I'm not around and organise topics I don't have much interest in! Roguelike Radio is far too much "the Darren show" at the moment :P In particular a lot of new games don't get covered because I have no time to get into them.  John Harris would be great to have on more, but he himself has said he doesn't like taking part in panel-type shows as he ends up listening to others chat instead of talking. Also I think he's not been playing many roguelikes in a while - I'm hoping with his revived @Play activity he will do a little catching up and want to talk about things more!  Let's Plays effects... Well they definitely help with picking out people to join the show when talking about a new roguelike. We've come under heavy criticism in the past for only doing shallow analysis of roguelikes, because quite frankly you need to play a game a lot to really appreciate it. With Let's Plays we can more easily find people with experience at the game that also have good voices and audio equipment :) However we never really reviewed games, or at least never intended to - it was all about analysing the design. To that extent I would always try to do some in-depth background research on games before a show. Let's Plays don't help much in terms of research, as watching a game being played is very different from playing yourself or reading a detailed player report. The "feel" of play is so different from what simply happens on screen!  I have no info on demographics beyond the traffic analysis to the web-site, which due to the prevalence of bots and crawlers I simply don't trust. I can publish this info some time if people are interested. On a wider note I am always surprised when I meet people at indie dev events that have listened to the podcast - it is held in some esteem as a rare design-focused podcast, even in non-roguelike circles.  I'm always open to others who want to join the show, especially if they can schedule together an episode themselves. I spend a lot of fruitless time trying to chase people for dates/times :-/
It is worth noting that many traditional roguelikes deliberately do not prevent save-scumming, even though they could easily take more steps to stop it. When I was getting into ADOM savescumming to learn the ropes was accepted as something many players do - just don't share a YAVP after it :) These days modern roguelikes have put in different death-softening features to help accommodate new players. Some traditional roguelike players get huffy about this whilst ignoring the fact that they save-scummed when they started out...  There's a whole interesting discussion on design and accessibility to be had here. For the purposes of the poll a check-box has to do.
Got over 120 results so far. One guy has been playing for over 25 years and never won a classic roguelike :(
I meant apathy actually :) And yeah, a few have claimed tick-fatigue! Though I'm shocked that well over 100 went through the trouble of completing the whole poll. Roguelikers are a tenacious bunch, I guess ;)
I can't help you out, but I'd love to see you stick a recording up on Youtube or something :D
The generic setting comes straight from D&amp;D, and much of it is to do with a lack of emphasis on setting. Roguelikes are traditionally gameplay focused - the story isn't very relevant. Leaning on fantasy tropes is very easy to get players involved. Everyone knows what orcs and dragons do, so you don't have to waste time explaining many of the mechanics. From a design perspective it means minimum effort in finding resources to include - just pick all the best stuff from D&amp;D or other RPGs.  I personally like a bit more depth, and especially when a game has a bit of story I like it to be both original and believable. ADOM is interesting with its corruption system and general hints of a longer history. ToME's detailed factions history are also very compelling to me, especially the morally grey areas the player must tread (but then I did write much of that myself...) I don't think there's anything about roguelikes that excludes them from being gritty, and even think they might suit it well with the constant death. However a tongue-in-cheek approach to death is also very effective, and helps takes some of the emotional sting out of the experience.
Hah, very nice situation! I never would have thought of using paralysis like that :)  Well done on the victory. I've still yet to win myself :-/
Aw, shucks - very kind of you :) We do this out of love for the games and the community, so it's really great to hear that it's appreciated and has a positive impact on people.  Let us know if you have any requests :)
Yeah, Andrew is the one who started it all! And as a special treat he's actually going to be in London in a few days, so he and I can do a live recording for the first time ever :)
Are you in London? Because I do indeed arrange London rogueliker meet ups at times, especially after the 7DRL week.
I'll be there! We should arrange a roguelike dev trip to the Catacombs :)
Well last year we had 2, so 2 continents were covered. Bit of an improvement over Europe-only :) I think going beyond that gets hard, but there's nothing wrong with having more roguelike-centric meetups. I hold some in London each year just for the locals.  The key thing is to move locations each year and host the event somewhere accessible. As the event moves around there's a greater chance of more people being able to take part.  The US event also had streaming last year, which I think would be great to encourage more of in future years. It helps people get involved at least. We could also arrange streamed talks from international developers at the conferences, though time zones would have to fit.
It is good, isn't it :)  I love the sadness in the Silmarillion. The sense of overwhelming woe at points is beautiful. I'll never forget the image of Hurin fighting on a mound of corpses, shouting with each swing, "The day will come again!" until the sun sets and he is overwhelmed.  Feanor was such a wonderful character for how terrible he was. He was so skilled, so charismatic, so passionate, and yet so prideful. I think it's wonderful how you can read the departure of the Noldor and understand completely that what they're doing is wrong, yet still feel moved by his speech. If I were there I would no doubt be cheering him on and marching after him, much though I would regret it after.
I'm a British person in Britain and my British English spell checker only recognises Judgement.
Oh man, those photos make me hugely self-concious. Can you imagine someone taking photos of you at every awkward moment?
I guess if I played more non-roguelike games it might have made sense ;)
The list of works of art that have stuck in the public conciousness for 1000 years is very very few. Of course that's partly due to the lack of permanent media - much more from the modern age should survive to the future.  I'm not that bothered myself, but this is far from the first time we've seen Frontier petitioned to include some cultural icon that resonates particularly with Elite's audience. And it's always a knee-jerk thing on death - if we were to bring up this topic in a year's time people would on the whole be a lot more ambivalent.  Personally I'd much rather Frontier put work into inventing their own celebrities and detail to the universe than celebrate what should be long dead and forgotten ones.
No one dedicates seven days! You do it in whatever free time you can scrounge around, with a bit extra at weekends. Sometimes I only manage about 20 hours over the whole week. Some people do much less.  If you get started with the [libtcod + python tutorial](http://www.roguebasin.com/index.php?title=Complete_Roguelike_Tutorial,_using_python%2Blibtcod) you can have something really basic in just a few hours, leaving plenty of time to personalise and polish things up.  You can do it! I believe in youuuuuu! :D
All of us have real life to deal with and days in which we have other commitments and can't code. Just make sure you have a sensible scope for your project.
I once made a basic roguelike in 1 hour! It wasn't very interesting, mind. The shortest time in which I've made a vaguely interesting game was 4 hours (a stealth roguelike called sick peter). The T-Engine helps, as it comes with so many pre-written algorithms.
Absolutely not. I have used the T-Engine for many games, which includes a lot of pre-made algorithms. The challenge is mostly around designing mechanics and creating a polished game.
If you ever listen to Derek Yu in interviews he tries his best to avoid calling Spelunky a roguelike.
When first watching the series the moment where Sinclair goes back in time and becomes Valen was... wow. Really changed my whole perspective on the universe.  The other big moment is when Kosh reveals himself in front of everyone. Again, gives you a glimpse into just how epic the story really is.
Same here, from Belfast - either "chaseys" or "you're it"/"it". I've never ever heard the term "tig".
I think it's a fair request - people here will know the text better, and some may even have gone through the same process. Everyone knows Tolkien wrote beautifully and there may be some hidden nugget that would be nice to have. In particular one may know the tale of Beren and Luthien without knowing of the Lay, or some other piece of obscure poetry.  I'm getting married myself later this year and my partner and I have been struggling to find a good secular readings. Approaching knowledgeable communities for this sort of thing is a very understandable step to take.
I gave up on message logs a long time ago. I found that they end up full of repetitive information, so players rarely ever pay attention to them. Since my games are very action dense it just wasn't useful to have a log. Instead I use visual effects (such as particle effects) to try to communicate to the player what is happening on the map.  Abandoning the log in favour of on-map effects means players also don't have their attention split between where the action is and a boring bunch of sentences. Another advantage is more map and UI space!  In Broken Bottle I experimented with mad libs style parsing of log messages, to try and add variety to the usual "you hit x". But after playing for a while you see all the patterns and you stop bothering to read anything.  Message logs are over-rated. They can be nice to have so the player can go "what the hell just happened?" but you shouldn't make the player rely on them for gameplay.
Most of my memories are of really stupid deaths, but there is one narrow avoidance that sticks out very clearly in my mind. It was from an ADOM game where a bunch of us on a forum were swapping the save file between us every 2,000 turns. We were reporting back to the group each time and sending over the save file. If any of us died then the character was dead, so it got quite tense - none of us wanted to be the person that got our joint character killed.  The character was going pretty well, and I inherited her just before one of the game's biggest challenges - the Mana Temple. You can read the original report [here](http://adom.brinkster.net/forum/messages.asp?thread=5891&amp;start=56927&amp;page=2) (search for "Darren Grey"). It was a well developed gray elven merchant, and should technically have been just fine. Technically.  My big mistake was not equipping the ancient mummy wrapping going into the Mana Temple, which I usually do to get see invis (the archmage there usually goes invisible) and death ray resistance (the archmage fires death rays, which do exactly what they say on the tin). I only realised this mistake when in the middle of the Mana Temple I got a message about an invisible creature firing a death ray at me. Oh. FUCK.  Cue a moment of me shitting my fucking pants, because here I am in one of the hardest area of the game with the fucking Chaos Archmage firing fucking DEATH RAYS at me whilst I can't even see him! It was pure luck that I dodged the one he fired - I could have been insta-dead already. And putting on the ancient mummy wrapping would take several turns, during which he would insta-dead me several times.  So I equipped a sword which gave me death ray resistance to buy me time, and figured I could switch to the ancient mummy wrapping whilst in Coward mode to get me safe. WRONG. Whilst switching armours I get a message about numerous melee attacks punching through my armour, my stats getting badly drained, a spell whacking off a chunk of my health and the whole area goes dark. Aaaaaagh! The Archmage wasn't just in the area, he was right befuckingside me, and pummelling the crap out of me!! "Do you want to continue removing the white dragon scale mail?" *No, no, please Ayssia, no!!!*  I cancelled the armour removal command and immediately drank a super healing potion before casting a light spell. I was utterly surrounded, with one conspicuous empty space beside me where the archmage must be. He hits me a few more times just to make me happy. Being surrounded gives me no way to get into a better tactical position and also reduces my attack ability, so the arrows of humanoid slaying I fire at him miss. Crap crap crap... He hits me some more, I chug another potion.  Well, this is definitely a problem. I have no easy way to hurt him without getting into the clear, but I have no easy way of dispatching the creatures around me either. *Unless...*  ADOM has an alchemy skill, which by a stroke of luck this character possesses. This usually makes potions, but if you do it wrong creates fiery explosions. My character is fire immune though, and the critters here ain't. Time for some bad alchemy! (Balchemy? Badchemy? No, that doesn't work...) I spam out a bunch of fireballs, frying dozens of goons around me. The Archmage is fire immune too, but with his minions blasted I can get to a safer position, healing myself now and then as he continues to barrage me with spells and stat drains (grrr!)  Finally I'm clear and ready to face off against the Archmage. I get some slaying ammo and try firing them at him, but my crapness at archery means they mostly miss, whilst he continues to whack me down on HP. I use up all my potions, and have to resort to numerous prayers for healing, with him getting me down to 20 HP at one point (out of a max of ~400). I finally get down to my very last arrow of humanoid slaying, and firing it kills the Archmage at last. I had survived! Severely battered and low on resources after the experience, and very much not dead :)
I have sullied a sacred place :(
Huh, even the CGI has been tidied up! This is impressive work. Happen to have a comparison shot from a CGI/live action hybrid scene? Such as when someone is firing a PPG.  And, uh, how can I get hands on this myself? :-/
Yeah, I've given up on them since that. Really sad, cause I used to down them like soda before.
What "riddle" are you referring to?  Forgetting the childhood friend is not unusual. Human memories are faulty, especially from childhood. There are many similar things I've forgotten myself.  Beleg is mystified by this because elves experience memory very differently. Tolkien wrote a few things about how good and vivid elven memories are. You can find some notes and discussion here: http://www.minastirith.com/cgi-bin/ultimatebb.cgi?ubb=get_topic;f=2;t=000383  To Beleg it seems incredibly strange that Turin cannot remember someone who was in his life just a few years ago.
Geometry Wars. It has a really great way of just resetting the mind when stressed. Like a mental Swedish massage.  Or for a more relaxing massage, Proteus, a game where you explore a procedurally generated island with a generative soundtrack. Beautiful game, very absorbing.
If I were you I'd be proud that your son is willing to debate with you over this. Most 9 year olds will just accept what their parents tell them, especially about matter like politics. Be happy that he seems engaged and of his own mind instead of trying to impose your will!
The "Hello all you love lovely people" guy? I love him! I moved jobs a few months ago and no longer pass through there :(
Jobs-wise London is brilliant for software engineering, and it could maybe make you a good deal of money and set up your career well. Just be sure not to squander that money with an expensive rental flat. If you can buy a place then sell in a few years and move somewhere cheaper you'll be pretty well set up.
Source: :( (diagram of my face after eating grapefruit)
Yeah, obviously I'm biased to where I live and work :)
Huh, didn't know they went that low! But if I can save £100 through Birmingham I still will :)
