I was aware of the fact that guns are not banned outright.  You make some good points about why disarmament would be long and arduous which is why i said &gt;It's just never going to happen.  Thanks for the long well thought out reply.
I do it to see how bad my team and squad are.
~~constrict is a word~~  Edit: I don't know why I was arguing. Having read this thread again everything you guys say makes sense. While constricted is valid restricted IS the better term. Sorry for being confrontational. Shouldn't have argued.
6 and 12 countries. You?
People can do what they want. If I paid £40 for my copy I'm gonna camp roofs with ammo boxes and Stiglas, RPG infantry, jihad jeep tanks and pretend I'm Robin Hood if that's what I want to do.
Some of us live with Scots on the border.
&gt;I've been with AMD for 4 years or so it's time to switch back to Nvidia.
I'm erect. And lucky! I' only on 5.1
Np and I've edited my posts for clarity.
No, no, no you don't understand, I have to fly as low as possible so I can show off my l33t MLG pro piloting skills weaving between hills and buildings (until I get rekt by a tank).
I'm OCD about OCD being used as an adjective
Oh yeah I should definitely know this, looks so useful
I'm 45 already. :)
In the banterbus with the lads
You're the one taking the phrasing negatively, I didn't mean it like that
Source for the pic?  Edit: [Someone pm'd me, no sound though](http://www.redtube.com/545799)
Postman in the UK.
How about you go stick your condescension up your arse? I've lived there for 12 years. I'm not some random foreigner shitting on Pakistan for fun. I speak fluent English and Urdu. The country has a 54% literacy rate so no it's clearly not most people. A third of the country can't even read or write. Why are you making things up? You statement is laughable when almost half the country can't even read or write in one language.  The quality of English taught in most schools is nowhere near good enough for fluency. The average person's English is broken as fuck. There's a reason there's so many dodgy English tuition companies that basically walk people through the IELTS even though it's easy af as you say. What you're speaking about is an experience typical of the upper class. It's called anecdotal data. The we you're talking about is the 1%. This statement is a fucking joke.    PS: I was referring to the "most of us" not you specifically.
No one in the UK afaik.
At least I won't be shot
Students? I didn't have to go in today. Mock week, study leave.
I'm just glad I play on servers with active admins.
Oh, I've seen that in the menus but didn't realise it was that upgrade. Thanks. I've got better armour now so should I just sell all my Kaer Morhen armour and Witcher swords?
You could try using a high damage weapon like a DMR if you value picking your shots. Sorry if I came off as rude earlier.
Bostonian so 110% Irish
Sorry I got /r/militaryporn confused with another sub, it does have pictures of all that. It's just that the other subs don't have pictures of people.
I didn't mean to come off as too upset, I'm not that fussed. This line is just something I find annoying.
I didn't notice the sound but I agree about the immersion, the only reason civilians came up to you was to ask for food. Visuals were mixed.
Yes, Germanic languages are closely related to English and many words are cognates plus the grammar can be similar. Try having a look at the German section on Duolingo. I'm learning German at school as my third language and have been for two years, the only hard thing are the adjectival endings (german nouns can be masculine, feminine or neuter) and the endings for the cases (accusative, dative, nominative, genitive) which are a bitch to learn.
I've never heard or seen anyone using it.
PC doesn't except on day 1. My experience before anyone pulls out their calendar.
You running Nova?
Dark CSS is god tier, I run night mode on every reddit app I use.
I'm left handed you intolerant fuck.
I get free tea from my school.
I don't even care, I just feel sorry for the friends and family of those who die in statistical anomalies.
My experience doesn't match yours.
Why? Who's going to do anything over app reviews? My name is associated with many reviews, nothing has ever happened to me.
Except private companies exist only to make a profit. The government has much less incentive to unfairly deny claims.  &gt;It happens all the time in canada/britain.  I live in Britain and have only heard people being denied cosmetic procedures, nothing like the experiences of Americans who find themselves being denied because of prior conditions or unfair policies. Have you got a source that isn't just anecdotes?
You can do that with a variety of other apps and services. I use Pushbullet. Or do you mean from a Windows Phone?
You've never had games crash on console? I've had pretty much every one of my games crash on console at some point. It's not common on either platform though, at least for me.
I liked the beta but I didn't buy the game because I only play one FPS at a time otherwise the different sensitivities make me play worse.
By we I meant all the people in the thread yesterday, not every single person on this forum. What made you think I'm speaking for everyone?  As for the other point I meant to write gameplay* doesn't matter at the end.
I said some people care, my evidence is that thread.
Mate I'll join you  Fuck you ludicrous display and rocket league wankers as well!
&gt;now everybody is going to cry about it going back the other way.  I'm fine with this because it doesn't affect me.
Is this not common? My car isn't even one of those fancy ones with an inbuilt media centre and gps, just has a regular CD player and radio.
African American...
I just used to put the cassette in the cassette player.
Everyone I know does. Family, friends, old, young, Android, iOS, everyone. Surrey here.
