As a fellow Bostonian I dab dki hnmm./m
My father taught me to drive in Boston, saying "If you can drive in this city, you can drive anywhere".  No shit.  After the parking lot basic crap, it was "Hop on the highway, we're going to Boston".  I learned fast.
I didn't make anything.  I had planned to, though I had a ridiculous day and just wanted to relax.  We ordered Brazilian food instead.  It was amazing.
My family had them for a year or two when I was a kid.  I remember setting everybody in the house plus guests to watching Quantum Leap.  I like to think I helped keep it on the air.  :)
Saw them the last time they played in Massachusetts.  (Worcester Centrum, 1996).  Co-Headlining with Pantera.  I'm not being hyperbolic when I say that concert changed my life.
Phil loves to talk, haha.  I think I saw Pantera about ten times in the following five or six years, and they could have always played another 5 songs if he had just kept the stage banter at a reasonable level.  I'll never forget MTV reporting that had had OD'd like three weeks before the show.  Glad he's gotten his shit together...I'm going to see Down in August.  Yeah, Deftones were great too.  The show in MA had Anal Cunt on first, because they're out of Worcester and Seth was friends with Phil.  (He actually did a good amount of the incoherent screams on Trendkill, too).
'97 or 2000?  My friend broke his jaw during This Love at the Ozzfest 2000 show.  I actually made sure to have a "You aren't prepared for this" talk with my friends that had never been to a Pantera show before.  "Be careful.  Stay safe.  And for the love of god.  Get the fuck out of the pit and *off the lawn* when This Love comes on".  Sure enough....half way through This Love, he stumbles back to the bleachers we were hanging out at, holding his face.  Thankfully the onsite medical folks were fantastic.  And yeah...after about my fourth show, I just avoided the pits (which is why I wasn't on the Lawn).  Pretty much every single show, someone I know got hurt.  Cuh-razy.
I got into it with this guy in the comments section of one of his videos when I stumbled upon it a while back.  In a video where he picked apart *literally* every single word out of Laci's Green's video listing the reasons why she was a feminist, he randomly accused her of lying about having been sexually assaulted and implied that slut shaming was explained by evolutionary biology, and therefore....not really a bad thing.  (To be fair to a good amount of his viewers, even enough of *them* were so put off by this that he had to post a 30 minute video *explaining* that he didn't really mean it, but actually....yes he actually did and why).  I actually go back to that video and check out the senseless stream of MRA/GG hate directed at my comment, whenever I feel like being angry at the world for a little while.  Anyway, yeah.  TL;DR - Teal Dear is a useless Thunderf00t clone soaking up those precious anti-fem clicks.
Yeah, pretty much this.  My room mate binged the first two seasons a month ago, and was bemoaning having to wait until June for Season 3.  I was like "Dude....just shut up".
Yeah, it's not surprising.  It's the same four chords over and over again, in the same order from start to finish.  I'd play it with my friend singing at Open Mics...but more because I love the shit out of the song, rather than "It's easy, and I want to get laid".  It's actually (sort of) the same four chords as Smashing Pumpkins' 'Disarm' during the verse.  (Well...different chords, but same root notes, and  progression).
I spent $10 on their card last year, and got back over $60 in rewards and concession discounts.  The card isn't good if you go to the movies twice a year, but if you go enough to care about a rewards card it *definitely* is.  AMC is now, hands down, the best chain in my area.
I haven't seen anything on sale that I particularly want.  It doesn't help that I've promised myself I'd get through the last couple episodes of the Game of Thrones game, and at least a bit more of Dragon Age before Arkham Knight comes out next week.  My backlog is kind of absurd at this point....I'm being really picky about what I add to it.
The show has had it's funny moments, but I don't know that I've ever laughed out loud like I did at that scene.  It's almost like Bryan Fuller remembered he's Bryan Fuller.  (Obviously the show is very Fuller, but it's not typically as funny as much of his other stuff).  Edit: I lied.  When Verger stabbed Hannibal's chair, and the "Mouth slightly agape" look of horrified disbelief and rage that Mads put on.  Funniest moment in the show.  I rewatch that scene when I need a laugh.
Blech.  I tossed $60 at it, because I've been a big Shenmue fan since Dreamcast, but this is annoying.  Probably won't pull my support, though.  Happy to help, regardless.
Honestly, to me...he's either got you crushed or has nothing, and has you on a better nothing and his hand won't hold up at showdown.  Pot odds, you have to be right once out of every 3ish times to be profitable, and you said he was loose (I don't know if you meant he just has a wide three bet range pre-flop, regardless of the rest of his play).  To me, it's a reluctant call...but still a call.  I'm not a pro...that's just my opinion and reasoning.   Edit:  Of course, I'm ignoring the part where there's another person in the hand he still has to beat to win the pot that's already there, and he's betting into a dry pot.  That's tricky, you're right that they're probably betting with something better than a pair of queens.
One of my favorite parts of the season is when Brook says "You are *really* bad at your job".  That whole storyline was just gut wrenching, and made Healey practically irredeemable.  I want to see him destroyed professionally in Season 4.
I ordered one.  I'm buying it anyway, and wanted the pipboy.  I don't pre-order things to get exclusives or to make sure I have something on day one.  I pre-order things I know for a fact I'm buying on day one, and specifically special editions that actually come with a thing that I want.  This is both.  Maybe I'm a bad /r/gaming subscriber, but I'm not a part of this 'no preorder' circlejerk.
I want to participate in this discussion, but I'm running face first into (relatively minor, but still) spoilers in every thread.  I'll be back when I'm done.
Ender's Game is a fantastic book.  I have no trouble saying that without having to twist my mind around how disgusting Card is.  That said, every time I purchase anything associated to the man, I donate *double* what I paid for it to GLAAD.
That movie ruined Jacob Pitts for me.  Dude played a US Marshall that's also a crazy bad-ass sniper on Justified, and every time he comes on screen I think to myself "....this isn't where I parked my car!"
Eternal Sunshine is one of my absolute favorite movies.
I....honestly can't answer the question.  It's like asking "Who is your favorite child?".  Except there are almost 40 children.
I know!  I really wish he had just used his normal Scottish accent, just to differentiate it a little more.  Though it it kind of effective in carrying over his ridiculous inherent likability by using a voice that's already instantly endearing to a lot of people.  (Driving home the point that abusers that are successful in getting away with it always come across as 'nice' and/or 'likable').  Every time he says "Well...." in JJ, I was like "NOT THAT, TOO!"
Sometimes I'm convinced that I'm the only person (other than a friend) over the age of 12 that loves pretty much all things Minions.
Came here to say that.  Saw someone already made the reference.  I'm glad I'm not the only one that quotes that line.
I've seen The Force Awakens twice so far, and the first time I was in the bathroom during this speech.  The second time I passed out for about five minutes and missed it again.  Good to finally see it in potato quality at least, haha.
I haven't seen it, but a friend told me that he even pronounces it that way in the movie.  I kind of need to see it if it's true.
Well, then I need to see it.  Source:  I'm 35 years old and love stupid kids movies.
Oh, I'm sure.  I was just giving myself crap.  :)
Kickstarted it way back when, and downloaded it yesterday.  Ate two hours in what felt like ten minutes.  Super, super fun.
Having emotional problems at school to the point where I requested to be allowed to go home.  Went to a vocational school, so I spent half my school time with one teacher.  Nurse calls this teacher in to see if they can talk to me.  Confide in teacher, explaining the source of the problems.  (Girl related).  Teacher helps me feel better, so good on him.  The next week, he's mocking me about the issue in front of the rest of the class, including said girl.  I tell him to go to hell.  He gives me detention.  Worth it.
This.  Dropped a bunch of weight last year, and everyone is like "How'd you do it!??  You do paleo?  Gluten free?  Weight Watchers?  Atkins???".    Uhm.  No.  Ate less.  Exercized.
If you're into the metal, my ex put on Sleep's Dopesmoker one night.  (It's an hour long song).  It may be a weird suggestion, but it was kind of amazing.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hIw7oeZKpZc
I honestly don't even have any fucks left to give to bother getting up to speed on this, but my recollection is that Zoe had a restraining order placed on him, including barring him from writing about her on the internet.   He's been fighting that, and as a result of fighting that, the Massachusetts legal system is actually pressing *more* charges.  It boils down to:   "Leave her alone"  "NO!  I HAVE THE FIRST AMENDMENT RIGHT TO CONTINUE TO HARASS HER!"  "Ok, not only is that not true, but now we're actually pressing harassment charges."  "BUT MUH PEACHES!"
Ok, you just ruined Dory for me.  Thank you.
I listened to Too Weird an obscene amount for the year after it came out.  I love that album.  (Casual Affair is probably my favorite song by them).  Vices &amp; Virtues was also amazing, though.  I think they get better with every one up until this one.  (Haven't listened to it enough to decide).
I'll hate on it if it's terrible.  They could pull it off...stranger things have happened.  As for right now, I'm just glad Mr. Curry is well enough to be on my television screen, especially in something RHPS related.  :)
Today I learned that he was from Boston.  I'm now actually sad that I'm from Boston.
Leaving the mall, and getting irrationally angry at the teenagers standing outside of it.  They weren't doing anything.  Just standing there.  And that made me mad for no reason.
Precisely.  People act like the entire foundation of the relationship between Roland and Detta/Sue is that he's white.  It's a part of it.  It's a big part of their conversations throughout book 2.  But the relationship itself can still hold true if she's calling him some other names, and has another reason to hate him.   The Drawing of the Three is my absolute favorite Dark Tower book, and one of my favorite books ever written.  I don't think that makes my opinion any more valuable than anyone else's, but I know that book front to back, and I just don't see how it's that big of a deal.
Regarding her changing stances on....many things, a friend who works for the Clinton campaign and rationalizes it as "At least she's willing to change her opinions, and she's more pragmatic (rather than idealist)".  I think it's kind of horseshit, but that's how it was rationalized to me.  I'm not going to give her shit for (even only recently) being on the right side of things, but Sanders has been fighting many of these fights his entire career.  That says a lot to me.  My union (IATSE) recently threw Clinton their support.  Most of my brothers and sisters are less than pleased.  (Especially prior to the primary).
I saw this on my front page, and thought it was from /r/movies for some reason.  And I'm thinking "Wow, go /r/movies!  Way to have great comments upvoted to the top!"  Then I saw the 'Social Justice Barbarian' type flares, and everything made more sense.
Knowing when friends/people I know well are lying.  Either all of my friends are terrible liars, or I'm really good at picking up on little things people do when they're lying.  It's tough to not call someone on it, when you know it's happening, but can't really prove it.  (And almost always later ends up being the case).
"I even made my parents call me Mulder...."
http://picklewizard.com/  Though, I did this to a friend...and dude attached a super creepy note to the thing.  So instead of letting my friend wonder what the hell was going on, I immediately clarified....because it was *way* too creepy of a note.
I had no idea RDJ did the commentary in character.  (I never listen to the commentary tracks).  Time to watch Tropic Thunder for the umpteenth time.
Yep.  I was four and my dad let me have a small sip.  I was very confused as to why all of the adults were drinking this vile beverage.  30 years later, and I understand why I hated it.  Dad gave me Budweiser.
Loooooooooong time Anselmo of all varieties fan, and I'm equally sad and angry about this.
Anselmo came out to sing Kill all the White People with Type-O at the Ozzfest in Massachusetts back in 97.  He stole Peter's bottle of wine, haha.
Long time fan, and I've been sitting here for the past hour trying to wrap my brain around how disgusted I am right now.  (No, it's not particularly surprising, but still).  I was singing Cemetery Gates at karaoke last night, and listening to Down on the way to work.  Just.  Dude.
