THAT'S where I know her from! Thank you!
Maybe I'm cold-hearted, but I kept turning to my husband and saying, "I don't feel bad for her at all." :)
Right?! Pretty much "overnight." (Except I know that overnight success is always anything but.)  Anyway, just finished reading the roundtable and I really enjoyed it!
AH I love this idea! I dunno if I'll re-watch all of them (esp with SYTYCD having moved to Monday nights) but I'll definitely pop into the discussion threads.  I actually didn't watch JtV until after Gina won the Golden Globe, so I didn't see the pilot until quite some time after it had aired. I liked it enough to watch episode 2, but to be honest, I wasn't 100% hooked on the show until episode 3.  I was also more interested in Rafael (for Jane, not myself) when I first watched than I am now. :P
Ah, good point. You're right, it doesn't suit him, and if I think about it some more, Amelia probably wouldn't want to live in her dead brother's custom-built dream house. (I wouldn't!)  But I would love for their place to go to someone meaningful...
Just thought this was interesting! Her yard in particular is beautiful.  You also get to see her adorable daughter a few times.  Here's Patrick Dempsey's too, which I might actually like better lol, because I'm all about openness, light, and Frank Gehry: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z0rM-eyNiDU  And of course they both have copies of Gray's Anatomy (the real book) in their homes!  *Edit to add: OK after watching the whole video, I basically want to live in Dempsey's home/family! Makes me even sadder that they're splitting up...*
I'm not exactly sad that Rudy is sick...
Lol whoops, didn't notice, decided to err on the side of caution rather than the side of possibly getting my head bitten off! Thanks for the tip.
I once liberated a raccoon from a pasta sauce jar. He was so dazed when he first got out, but then he scampered off OK.
Hee, these early episodes were so great!  Sorry I missed the re-run last night (watching the US women's World Cup match!) but was this the one where she and Rafael fell into the pool? Lol I loved that.  In general, I liked Rafael a lot in these early episodes, because he was really going out of his way to protect Jane and let her make decisions that were best for her and the baby.   (Granted, this eventually led to him *over*-protecting her, even to the point of lying at times... But like I said, that comes later.)  Meanwhile, my sweet beloved Michael began acting shady (which IMO is not true to his nature, but he was panicked) by allying with Petra and keeping secrets from Jane. :/  I'm glad he eventually came back to himself.
"I never heard *that* story..."
He was a great friend and mentor to me, and to so many young writers at Carnegie Mellon. I'm very saddened by this loss.
&gt; So I make sure they get diabetes before they head back to Taiwan.  LOL yeah seriously. Sour gummy worms, good to know! At my aunt's suggestion, we brought them dark chocolate and Werther's Originals this time. I guess it's just cheaper/better from the US...?
My friend got married there! It was a small, lovely "pop-up" style thing. :)
This particular pic might be old, I don't know, but I picked my husband up from the airport last night (or technically today? whatever) around midnight/12:30 am, and when we drove by, Duke Convention Center was definitely lit up rainbow-colored like that. Part of the last "i" was out though.
Just a warning: Cincinnati dim sum will not be as good as Seattle's. I'm from Houston (which has a huge, fantastic Chinatown) and the dim sum here satisfies my cravings but doesn't impress.
Personally I don't think we need to delete old posts from here. Maybe I'm just an electronic hoarder, lol, but I feel like it's nice to let things live on in posterity.  I do think we could have NEW discussions at the new sub, though!
I'm always on board for a floppy eared puppy. &lt;3
Can you be more specific about where / how to get there? I'd love to go check it out!
I mean, point taken, but if this particular section is always unlocked, then my question still stands.  I would like to do the official tour someday.
Coincidentally I just did a self-guided mural walk around OTR/downtown yesterday!  http://www.artworkscincinnati.org/public-art/mural-tours/  I don't think Art Works includes the murals on the NKY side of the Roebling Bridge, though. Those are great too.  http://www.yelp.com/biz/roebling-murals-at-the-covington-riverfront-covington
"I'm taking this home for the Empire."
A few years ago when I realized how hard it is for mixed race people to find donor matches, I joined the national registry. It's very simple to do, and it can save lives!   (Note: if you change your mind later but are contacted about a match, you are not *obligated* to donate.)   Please consider joining: https://bethematch.org/
Update for those who are curious: Never heard back from /r/redditrequest people, which is disappointing. So those of us who wanted to mod /r/UnREALtv started making a new subreddit at /r/Unreal. Just as we were about to launch, we made one last attempt to contact the previously unresponsive /r/UnREALtv mod, and s/he actually added one of us as a mod! So we got what we wanted, just not in the way we expected it!
The City Museum is SO cool! Totally not recommended for pregnant women, lol, but great for quirky-loving active types and children.
Haha thanks, I think. :P  Loose wiring is my first (completely layman) guess too.  Or yeah, maybe temperature sensitivity of some nature, because we have landscaping lights that seemed to need cold rainy weather to stay on. But low voltage landscaping lights are more prone to being finnicky, from what I've read. Either way, they're acting stable now.  Another thought is that *maybe* I didn't screw the inconsistent bulbs in tightly enough? Truth be told it's a pain to drag my 8 foot ladder out onto the porches to reach these things, and it's frigid outside, so I've been too lazy to check that, but I probably will next week unless someone here gives me a different suggestion.
+1.  I essentially married into being a Bills fan 10 years ago, and this about sums it up.  Honestly, the Bills are my #1 more because of Fred Jackson than because of my husband, lol.
OK thanks, I will get up there next week and see what I can do about making a better connection!
So true. My husband wears his Bills hat all over the world and we're always getting stopped by fellow fans.
Yep! I came from about as far south in the US as you can go, and I can tell you for sure, Cincy weather is far superior to Heat, More Heat, Heat Again, and Slightly Less Heat.
My husband is from upstate NY. Once, early in the relationship, we went to visit his parents in June -- SUMMER -- so I packed shorts and tank tops and sandals. It was 50 degrees and everyone laughed at me.
I probably will in the future, because I'd like to update them too.   Do you think it's a fire hazard right now though?
Thanks, just wanted a little reassurance! (Or, you know, urgent warning to fix it asap, if that were the case.) I'm obviously not going to hold anyone here liable. :)  I don't think our fixtures are historical, so it sounds like if re-screwing in the bulbs doesn't fix things, I should prob get the fixtures looked at and changed by an electrician.
Kinky Boots at the Aronoff -- just saw it and loved it! Today is the last day, with 1 pm and 6 pm showtimes. If they're not sold out, it's definitely worth checking on cheap tickets.
Yes, thank you for pointing /u/shockhead to the right subreddit.  Long story short, we thought we were moving over here, but about a week ago things changed and now we're not.   I'll put up an "official" redirect link!
Yeah, I'm a bit torn due to his role as her professor/mentor. He's super hot, but I'd also love to see a positive platonic relationship in Jane's life. Plus there's the age difference and the power dynamic...
I just googled and you're right, he's 6 years younger!  But I think Jane is supposed to be about his age (25).
Yeah, I was pretty disappointed with the "preventative maintenance service." The tech was super nice (which makes me feel guilty for feeling disappointed) and he seemed to know what he was talking about when I asked about specifics... but he did nothing!   I've already gotten recommendations for other heating companies. :/
Yeah I was wondering/worrying about the fresh water coming in... The HVAC tech said it would be OK to go through the rest of the heating season this way if needed, though?   Unfortunately the expansion tank is not currently plumbed so that we can just isolate it and replace. We would fix that if replacing.
OK I'll try and listen for it! The service tech who came out did mention that if we replace the tank, we may want to size it up.
Sorry but I honestly don't know... I have one of these: http://bostonheatingsupply.com/TriangleTubePE110LP.aspx
Thanks! I love stuff like this. Pretty sure I found https://www.instagram.com/emilyseeks/ thanks to this sub too!
OK thanks! I will try that later today. (Just can't babysit the gauge right now.)   And yes, to my knowledge, the boiler was installed in 2011. Not sure about the expansion tank specifically but I assume they would have put in a new one at the same time.
How cool! I keep hoping to see my house on one of these Cincy architecture accounts! But I think mine might be a little on the plainer side...
Clicked through for cute pic of cheetah cub + puppy friend, got sad (but nice) story about death of a majestic creature.  I honestly thought "says goodbye" meant she was just going to another zoo or something.
Lol not your fault. In retrospect I should have known. I still enjoyed reading about Sahara's life.
I think so too! That's why I clicked on the thumbnail, haha.  I met one of the cheetahs (Savannah) a few years ago, it was really cool.  Actually, I just wish this story mentioned more about Sahara's dog friend, Alexa. Is she still alive? Does she know Sahara is gone? What's she up to now?
OK I haven't turned the heat up high yet, but I *have* been running the system at its normal setting (68 degrees) for over 24 hrs with the manual fill valve off, and it *seems* to have little to no change. Pressure is slightly lower overall -- sitting around 14-15 psi and going up to 16-18 psi when running -- and there's still some water leaking from the pressure relief valve, although I think it's less than before. No *dumping* of water from the pressure relief valve, but we haven't had the single digit temps we did last weekend.  Does that tell us anything?  I can still run the experiment of turning the heat up, I just haven't had the time to pay attention to what happens (I'm assuming I need 20-30 min?) and probably won't until tomorrow morning.  Also, are there any dangerous/negative consequences to running the system with the manual fill valve off like I am right now?
OK I spent WAY too much time with my boiler this morning. :P  For context, the weather is about 29F here today, our thermostat is usually set to 68F, and the water supply valve to boiler is turned off right now.  Around 11 AM, I kicked the thermostat up to 72F and went down to the basement to babysit the furnace. Over the course of the next hour or so, the pressure went from 15 psi to 25 psi, and water temp went from 118F to 145F.  Around noon, I realized 72F probably wasn't necessary and I bumped the thermostat back down to 70F (and also made myself some lunch). It had only reached about 69F anyway.  Around 2 PM, I was basically losing my mind (even with my phone to keep me company down there) so I set the thermostat back to 68F so it would shut off and I could see what would happen next. 45 min later, the pressure is down to 15 psi, water temp down to 110F.  Sound good?  Also, there's a sort of clicking/knocking sound in the PVC piping that runs outside for the gas exhaust. That's normal, right?  *Update 3 hours later: Pressure is down to 14 psi, water temp is up to 130F, thermostat reads 67F even though it's set for 68F. Wondering if I need to open the inlet valve again to account for the water being lost through the pressure relief valve? Although it's not very much water...*  *Update a few min later: OK thermostat hit 68F and furnace powered down. Maybe I just caught the tail end of the cycle. Still not sure about the 14 psi though. I thought 3 stories should have 18 psi?*
Looping in /u/Blast338 /u/trashedd and /u/11787 on the update I gave /u/notthestig to see if it adds anything valuable, because I really appreciated your responses earlier!  I also keep wondering if the high pressure from our main water supply (100 psi -- which has now been repaired with a regulator bringing it down to 70 psi) could have caused premature failure of the automatic intake valve on the boiler system, possibly allowing a trickle of fresh water into the closed loop and maybe contributing to the previous pressure spikes?
