When I pick a girl up, I always tell her "I want to be in you". The fathers love it!
In my mind, abortion is like heroin. I'd prefer not to have any daughter of mine using it. But, I know that it will exist in society. I'd rather that our body politic has a way to mitigate both the risks to the individual and the risks to the greater whole.
And humor. This is the kind of teacher that really knows how to teach. If I took this guy's class, I'd make sure to ace that first pop quiz so I could pick his brain at dinner.
Have you tried having a brief conversation with your boss?
All reasonably believable, until the ending. That was when I knew.  A homeless man doesn't write a voucher for his life on a napkin unless he means it, it's the Hobo Code. A coffee and bagel (much healthier than the donut that *would have* been purchased) saved this man's life, and we all best remember what buying breakfast for others in line can do (even after they "didn't really want to talk").  I just bought some pizza slices for some hungover derelicts. Why? Because #ICare
I recently watched some dancers who were possessed by the spirits of the forest. They danced in a trance, while other villagers drummed and pattered, watching what they believed to be a true occasion of magic in this world.  Were these animists possessed by the Holy Spirit, by Satan, or pretending?  What about Charismatic Christians and snake-handlers? Those guys in the Philippians who carry crosses, or those guys in India who have hundreds of hooks in them. Faith-healers and book-peddlers on back to Apostle Paul.  Many have claimed to Know their Faith is True, because of a feeling they get inside while going through certain religious practices.  I hope this doesn't offend you, because you seem like a nice person. I have no way of knowing if your experiences with the supernatural are genuine. But neither do you.
I'm just a Working Class Hero.
Yeah, zoos are cruel prisons for gawkers. Animal preserves are wonderful concoctions. I had a rhino preserve on my toast this morning.
There is a chick either way. Your stated preference is to insert a finger into a girl's asshole. I guess that is fun. Neither finger-in-butt scenario really does anything for me sexually, not my finger in a girl's butt nor a girl's finger in my butt.  But during this situation, either scenario, there will also be a guy involved. If the girl's finger is in my butt, that means it is my duty to Art to insert my finger into a man's anus. Otherwise, I'll be stuck with my finger up a girl's bum, and a man's finger up my own.  Oh, dear. It would be weird if I became aroused from inserting a digit into a lady's down-under, because these feelings would happen while a man's finger was close to my prostate. He might see me get a hard-on and get the wrong idea!  Now instead, I could have a lady's graceful finger up my butt, providing neither undue discomfort, nor discomfiting arousal. My mind would be clear to focus on the task at hand: inserting my finger into a man's asshole.  So you see, though I will allow you and anyone else to have their own preferred line-up of artists performing the finger-in-the-butt circle, I would try to position myself in front of a lady (with my behind facing her). Now would I rather be sandwiched by ladies? Certainly, but we don't always get the butt we want.  But if you try some times, you just might find, you get the butt that what you need.
TL:DR I know a Brazilian guy spending two extra weeks in Brazil.
*That* is why you said "oh, I know way more than you"? Geez, a summer internship ain't enough to act like you are an old embassy hand.  Do yourself a favor: Before you finish college, humble yourself.
Im a doorknob and this stereotyping is making me uncomfortable.
Yes, I'm crying right now.  What was it that you contributed to the conversation?
But the cats lick each other. They bond by licking. The question I have is: Will the cats lick you back? If they really think you are a cat licking them, they will lick you back.  Does this product guarentee that my cat will lick me? I'll certainly be letting Yelp know about my thoughts concerning this cat licking experience.
Mine is giving me a thumbs up. He's saying "good job, buddy. Everything is great."
It's so great when he submits his film to the ratings people. His film that is full of "screw the ratings people". I wish I was in the room when they first reviewed it.
&gt; And I apologize for not having a favorite, as they all gel into another...They are so fun, these stories. But, I ramble. Have a super day.  Thanks a lot for doing this, you've been great. While I know your emphasis is on your own native language, I'd like to say that your simple, direct way of speaking English is like music to me. The kind of music that makes you happy.  Miigwetch
I was gonna bake some, but instead I just put flour, butter, and garlic cloves in my mouth.  Real garlic bread is better.
Right, he just did it the one time. It was just once. Just like he wasn't lying when he said "I did not. Have. Sexual relations with that woman, Miss Lewinsky."  Because it was a BJ. BJs aren't sex, apparently.  I actually respect Hillary for not having sex with Bill. She probably doesn't want to catch anything.
Kazakhstan is a huge country with a really interesting situation. I'd love to be able to travel through the country conversing with the locals.  If you don't mind, can I ask why you study it?
I saw The Jungle Book recently. It had its moments, but the whole thing just felt unnecessary. They even reused the old songs.  Be original, people!  Except Star Wars. You can keep making Star Wars.
Thank you, that's kind of you to say.
I honestly don't know who to vote for, but Gary Johnson is who I'm leaning towards now. If he spoils for Trump, putting Clinton in office, I won't be too mad. But he has a real chance this year because Donary Clintrump is so hated.
I've always been a huge supporter of the BLT community.
Thanks, those are kind words. Luckily I had my uncle (a Vietnam vet) to help me with working through the guilt, and my Uncle Sam to pay for my college so I could become a hippie protester working against the War Machine.  I have a friend who used to work in the oil industry. He left the paycheck and now researches ways to make plastic more biodegradable. He's a hero to me.
This. Immersion is great, but only if you are also doing your homework. Except for children. I lived in a part of China with a dialect different than Mandarin (which I'd studied beforehand). I was able to improve my Mandarin by speaking with people, but I didn't magically pick up the local dialect that I heard all around me.
I bit a dog in the face as a child. All the dogs are really scared of me.
A lot of Republicans remember Gingrich as a success in Congress despite a Democratic White House. Bear in mind, this isn't my personal opinion, but there was an image of Newt as a guy that was changing Washington, fighting against (Bill) Clinton.  He was able to get the impeachment passed in the House, which the Senate then roundly rejected. Monicagate didn't destroy Bill, it destroyed Newt and his Republican Revolution.  But there are still some folks out there that remember Newt as a fighter.
I like bacon and eggs without eggs.
&gt; Something simple **THAT I DID! I DID A GOOD THING!** Notice that I do nice things for people.
I know you are joking, but bringing illicit drugs into legality is a great way to regulate, tax, and keep drugs away from kids. Also, addicts can be treated instead of imprisoned, which should be cheaper in the long run.  Sure, the addict started down that path with their own behavior. But helping them become a productive member of society is the better solution then throwing them in jail. At least that's how I'd like to see *my* taxes used in a society.
Over on r/Atheism, we usually tell people that if they are still living with their parents, they need to make certain compromises. They don't have to take abuse, but they do need to meet halfway.  It gets frustrating being dependent on your folks, but you won't be that way forever, especially if you start planning now. If you aren't familiar with it, there is a great resource for gay teens called [It Gets Better](http://www.itgetsbetter.org/).
If I was born in the West Bank? Well, hopefully I'd be born male. I'd probably try to improve the PA and strengthen the Oslo Accords. Israel can't pull out until us West Bankers can have something to replace it.  If I was born in Gaza, I'd probably just leave.  In any case, I hopefully wouldn't get caught up in any toxic nationalism.
Still too early to tell, but I'll agree with you that a lot of voters seemed emotion-driven. I didn't follow the Scotland referendum much and have no strong opinions on the matter. But part of me was like "Yeah, Scotland! Braveheart that shit!"  I know it's irrational, but there it is.  I'd probably have looked into Brexit more carefully if I was actually a subject of Her Majesty and had a vote. But since I live in Blessed Liberty's Embrace, I look at Brussels politics with glee. That Farage makes me laugh. Did you see when he said Belgium isn't really a country? In the EU Parliament! To the Belgian European Commission President!  That is funny to me. Anyway, maybe ya'll aren't laughing over there, at least 48%. I genuinely hope things go well in the Greater Europe. I also feel not a desire to see England fail, but a desire to see it take its proper place as one of the premiere nations.  Did you know that in WWII, the Queen drove trucks for the army? Amazing. Anyway, England is better than the Continent, everyone knows that.
Actually, I do too. It is possible to build parks near the natural habitat of wildlife and allow people to view or even interact with them in a mutually-beneficial arrangement. Dolphins will come and "act" for a group in exchange for fish, while still spending the majority of their time at sea.  But most countries have zoos and sea parks. While that is still a reality, we can't criticize Japan for selling the young female bottlenose dolphins and eating the rest.
It was Geordi La Forge for me.
In my day, musicians would bribe radio stations to play their wax records on the phonograph for the people in their living rooms listening to the music or news or drama programs read live by real actors.  My father died in the war, so we had to sell our radio. Then my eardrums were ripped out in the tornado of '52. I haven't heard a lick of music since then, just the vibration of my tractor and the wails of my mother when she first heard the news of pa. She killed herself not too long after.  Yes, I figured I've lived a sorrow-filled life. But at least I have absolutely no idea who Justin Beiber is and how terrible his music is.
Good. Somewhat like a kidney or other organ, but also like a big bean. I've also had chicken testicles, which might surprise you with how big they are. A chicken's testicles are internal and I guys they bang a lot because they have big, tasty testies.
While playing Fallout 2, I was pickpocketed by a street child. I didn't have the skills to pickpocket him back, so I just killed him and took it off his corpse. What was the kid doing stealing a key off a BAMF-looking guy like me?  Get to the end of the game and I get all my titles and stats. "Childkiller" is included and I think "What!?! I didn't kill any children...oh. Oh, that kid. He deserved it."
They put the food on our family.
In my anecdotal research, I've found 47% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
Adrian "Ozymandias" Zeidt: I did the right thing, didn't I? It all worked out in the end.      Dr. Manhattan: 'In the end'? Nothing ends, Adrian. Nothing ever ends.
My kintype is World  War I. Stop fetishizing my trench foot.
Remember that you have to show your engineering teacher the clock. After he tells you to put it in your locker and not show anyone, bring it to your English class anyway and set the timer to go off in the middle of class.  After your joke gets you in very minor trouble, push the media card until Qatar is throwing scholarships at you. Stay for a bit but then return with your family to America because it is way more awesome in Texas than Qatar and Texans treat Sudanese better than the Qataris do.  After all, Ahmed brought a fake bomb to school as a prank and the majority of people were falling over themselves to apologize for the principal and police's reasonable actions and reward him before even hearing all the facts.
I once left her a message to check if her refrigerator is running. Once she responds (I presume with "yes") I'll tell her *to go catch it!*
I just don't eat pizza while wearing a suit. There are certain things you can do at home or with friends that you shouldn't do while wearing a suit. For example, bragging about the size of your penis.
Which one is North Dakota and which is South Dakota? I always get them confused.
Chris Stuckmann's mom here. I have a penis.
It was a European film, maybe Polish. They have foreign films in China. An old guy told me "Western films are about robots and aliens, Chinese films are about *people!*" That is largely true, at least from what they show on CCTV (that is really what Chinese state media is called. They don't get the joke at all). China makes historical epics about palace intrigue or killing Japanese people.
I knew a dorky white guy who could pop and lock really well. He said he learned in front of a mirror.
