&gt; I'm a support main that likes to support vaynes. They basically push you to your limits as a support to, you know, make you improve. "Think you can peel for me in this team fight? Ha watch this!" Flashes into enemy team.  QFT. Been there so many times :O Is this for real? Lol
How can you find out?  Probably somewhere at 70-100 Euro. I regret nothing.
No, I'm from Romania and I didn't hear such things.
...the How can you be real part from my original post is from Jaden :D But yeah, you're right.
http://eune.op.gg/summoner/userName=SaiyaJiin  I don't think I can play worse than this but I'll give it a try.
Let's duo bro! I go ad soraka jungle.
My objective for this season is gold. I started in bronze 3 and now in silver 4. What's your objective?
I think it's up to each summoner. To be honest, I don't mind being questioned about my bad plays (such as take two towers with fiora instead of fighting mid) and I answer in a serious way as to why I did that (I'm behind and useless in fight, I need the gold, the team needs the global gold etc).   But I do understand your point, some might find that a bit rude.. being questioned and stuff. To be honest, that's all about ego, if you can accept that others are better or not.
I saw a 0/8/0 Nasus doing that.. he ended the game with 900 stacks and ended 10/8/x because everyone ignored him (including our team - he was in our team) for a while.
Jazz, electro swing or just electro house. Depending on mood. Never something calm.
I once made a triple kill with Kata. My cat had to walk over my keyboard. Flash was lost in the process.
Make R a skill shot and give W bigger range.  As an Annie main, I'd like that. xD  (so I can flash W instead of flash tibbers)
Wonderful video! This makes me proud for being an Annie main.
Annie. I like kids. Pls don't judge...
I'm only 22! She looks like 19 to me. :(
I don't understand why reddit community just throws downvotes without at least explaining why something is wrong. Thanks for explaining.  I, sometimes start with sweeper + ward, to take out their wards from the bush I'm throwing skillshots, but not because I really want to do that, but because I'm low elo and usually forget to swap trinkets after sightstone. But that's just me. :D
Na is the smallest server compared to euw, eune, kr, ch. I believe other servers make more money than murrican server and school is not over yet in these regions.  Topic: Dates are fine. Riot shouldn't care if you were at school, have exams etc because done of us are not in school anymore and don't have exams either.
Here's a honest opinion as to why I dont give a damn:  1. I spend 5-10 minutes in the client, most of the times, I login, queue and play. Repeat that for 3-6 games a day, so the client doesn't really matter to me.  2. Replay system: There is op.gg, baron replays, lolrecorder etc, they all work fine, so I don't really need an official replay system that would work EXACTLY the same.  3. Crashes and leaks are part of every piece of software, nothing we can do about it, Dota 2 will probably crash on some laptops/PCs as well.   4. Bugs: There are several, in every game. They are simply not that obvious. The bigger the game, the bigger the bugs.   5. I play this game with friends, for fun and I still enjoy it.  Move to dota2, I don't care about that either.
I have better ping than that using my phone's internet.  Your internet sucks and the route it goes to rito servers is different than the one used by blizzard.
EUNE?  Silver 4 noob here. I play decent, pm if interested.  Also /r/teamredditteams
90%? Hahahaha.  Based on what? Today, I did not encounter any league toxicity in ANY game.
I played 7 games today, no issues, not even trolls or flamers.   Should I play more before I find an unplayable game?
You do realize that they have 1000 employees in 10 offices across the globe, right? Each office do things unrelated to UI or gameplay, like localizations, PR, social media, esports and so on.  Stop saying that bs, the numbers have nothing to do with the manpower of a company, on the contrary, it can slowdown every single project.   Source: I work for a Gaming company as well.
Them chills I get when I hear that voice and music!
I got fired because I failed to achieve what my boss wanted me to achieve not what was mentioned in my contract. (He asked me to sell a huge amount of pills to old people, more than my contract mentioned because he needed to fulfil a target for the team, I failed)  I recovered with movies, junk food, positive music  and long walks in the park. I did this for 3 days, then started looking for a new job.
I actually liked this event and i didn't care about the mundo skin. Fk me, right.png?
That makes sense. Thanks.I guess I'm playing gnar as a CC tank, building only frozen mallet for 'damage' to use the W efficiently. ...and thanks for LCS reference, I wasnt referring to these builds anyway, most of the Gnar players I know dont build botrk, but thanks again for explaining. It helped me understand.
As in, you AA-QQ and the next AA will be cancelled? I don't understand what you're referring to.  I played Gnar a lot and the only thing that annoys me is the cursor bug after changing from mega gnar to mini gnar while activating Q.
Maybe it doesn't appear if you disable the range indicator. It has something to do with it. I have this problem every time when I play Gnar and I keep forgetting to disable range indicator.
I did something like that several times. No one even said "GG". Why? Oh.. because I'm not dyrus, I forgot.
I think that was a little bit over the edge. Next time I will strictly refer to me or people close to me. Sorry.
Baronreplays are lighter on resources for me. I have a bad PC as well
The skill level increases though divisions but just a little. Silver 5 is similar to bronze 1 and 2, and Gold 5 is similar to silver 1.   I climbed from b3 to s3 (atm) and I didn't notice a huge difference between these tiers. Yes, in silver 4 people tend to prioritize objectives over kills and ward more, but other than that, not such a big difference.
Win10?  Cancel all downloading, pending etc apps from your Store beta, restart you phone and try again. It worked for me for other app.
Ban what annoys you the most in your games, or what you can't seem to deal with.  I usually ban Katarina, Fizz and Cho'Gath.
If you know him in real life, make some post-its with the basic things for him. Some friends helped me that way (reminder to buy wards, listen to pings, buy boots stuff like that).   You can't do much to change his mentality in-game, try the real life route. Also, you should stop playing with him for some time and tell him why. :)
Draw a ward icon on a post it along with "Buy a ward, save a life" Buy boots , they get you going.  Just 2 examples I had on post it. What you can do, is go at his place, play a game, get that "I am better than you" attitude (No sarcasm) and make few post its and stick them to his monitor.   Tell him to not take them off, because these will help him get out of bronze and improve, and always look at them when he plays with you.  Use your creativity with the post-its and make fun of the situation, it worked pretty good for me. One post it with me being buttfucked with the title "Bronze life" was a bit too much tho, don't do that. :D
Good luck with it :D I think it's the best way to remind someone something.. because tbh, I forget to do things as well while I'm game, and flashbacks with these post-its remind me of what I didn't do :D
I once said (while on Tilt) "report my ADC for being polish, feeding, flaming and AFK" and I didn't get banned.   The reports are filtered and unless you were racist (like racist.. not just little poisoned arrows), you will not be banned.
No problem. We all have THAT friend.. and if we don't, we are THAT friend. :D  - Liviu 2015
&gt; I just feel like I can't have a decent ranked game on Sundays, I usually can't stop after first loss, but today after a horrible game, I successfully stopped.   This happens every Sunday. :(  It's not an excuse, I just wondered if for me it's a bad day, or it's a common thing. Apparently, it is a common thing.  And when I'm on the winning team, the next game I will probably be in the losing one.  Here is an example: http://postimg.org/image/gp06komoj/
Server? I'm silver 3.
Every game with people from my team speaking polish in chat. My PTSD triggers and I panic. #justeunethings
Meanwhile... I can't get out of silver..
RP showed up instantly, but I didn't receive a confirmation mail.  something is wrong
Summoner Name: SaiyaJiin  Server: EUNE  Willing to: Get Adopted  Division: Gold 4+ (Still playing ranked)  What I want to learn: I want to learn how to jungle and how to be a better support. I have no idea how to jungle and how to gank. As a support, I'm fairly good, but I'm looking to improve this field as well. (Can provide replays as well)
Eh, the sad moment when I realize I'm not nice enough for people to give me free stuff. :(  Nice one mate!
For some reason I imagine Jhin like ekko. Some short dude with a lot of damage.  Or Gnar, some cute little thing that eviscerates the enemy team.  But then again, I'm 165cm at 23 yrs, so I think I try to imagine everyone just as short.
As gay as this sounds, you can't tell your heart and soul who to fall for. You can control your emotions because you are a man, indeed, but it will crush you inside for a while.   If I'd be in your shoes, I'd take this girl, meet my friend and tell him that you love each other. It will hurt for him, but if he's a real friend or somewhat mature, he will forgive it. It's better if he finds out by himself.   Question is, did she fall for you as well? If for any reason the answer is not yes, then do not tell your friend until you are sure about her feelings, or just forget her.
Not my ex, but someone I had a huge crush on. We also had an amazing sex night (only one, unfortunately, because she had to leave the country the next day):  [Zedd - Spectrum](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IsuVMdnF8A0)  She sent me this song after she left. Crushed my soul at that  time.   Edit: Added this because I have no song that remind me of my ex.
