Same here.  I tried scheduling them last time and that was a big cock up so I'm just going to tweet from my phone directly every half hour.
I've known this particular user for a while, they're a theatre writer - a playwright.  Generally speaking, anyone with that kind of experience could conceivably knock out a screenplay over the weekend - it would be a first draft and would likely require some work, but it could be done.  We're talking 120 pages max, nowhere near as full as a 120 page novel, and let's say half dialogue if we're doing an action-oriented piece (more for the artsier stuff).    Plus, it's a 120 or so pages of superhero stuff - let's be serious here, we're not talking about stuff that you have to think really hard about.  Guardians of the Galaxy was fun and all, but it isn't burdened by an overly intricate plot or weighty dialogue.
Hmm.  I have to go with *October Rust* because the first girl I ever loved and I used to fuck to it all the time.  I feel deep down that *Bloody Kisses* is a better album, but my dick says something different, so...
Insomniac
Oh, I was joking.  The only album worse than St Anger is the Black Album.
If I happen to be drunk in the afternoon - like I was today - I'll put on *Separation Sunday* by the Hold Steady - which I did today.  She said always remember never to trust me  She said that the first night that she met me  She said there's gonna come a time  When I'm gonna have to go  With whoever's gonna get me the highest
I don't recall my PS2 version having split screen.  Outside of those weird little multiplayer sequences you could stumble upon.
I have also achieved that...so far.  The week is young and I'm already on the brink.
I spend a lot of time there.  A lot of the time it's the usual 4chinz trollery but once in a while something sublime comes out of it.
Oh I've read it.  Interesting juxtaposition of one writer that a huge amount of people love and feel is a real salt-of-the-earth type and another that is less widely well-regarded and is often called "pretentious" when his name comes up.    *Roadwork* - all of the Bachman novels, but *Roadwork* in particular - had a huge influence on me growing up.  When I sat down to write my first novel I'd originally planned it out as a sort of a Bachman novel - short, brutal, violently written, and obsessed with death and the struggle against it.
Whereas I was seeing FPH multiple times any time I logged in and browsed r/all
She hasn't put out anything as pop-oriented as Kala you mean.   Maya was dope af it's noisy and fucked up and slams your head into the wall repeatedly.  A lot of people slept on it but it's one of my favourite albums.
Oh shit, I have one.  I was like ten and my dad and my best friend had a surprise party for me.  It was really great at first, there were some people there I didn't really like but they were invited to be nice so that was okay I guess.  There were party hats and I got a really nifty present from one of my dad's friends and another of my dad's friends baked me something special.  Things were going great.  Then the fucking robot cut the cake with a buzzsaw and ruined it and one of the people I didn't like picked a fight with me after trying to steal my treat.  Everything fell apart but then my dad showed me my real present, a gun I could shoot roaches with.  I guess it worked out okay.
Am I better than a group of people who are literally flooding the front page with "How many dicks can Ellen Pao fit in her greasy cunt?" because she took away their ability to post pictures of fat people and harass them?  People who thought "Ching chong ling long" was the height of clever satire?  Yes.  If that makes me pretentious then sure.  I'm pretentious.
Except according to Reddit it is.  I saw them so the exact same thing to a mod and very nearly a subreddit in 2012.  Picture publicly hosted on Reddit, but the moment you use that picture to bring them negative attention *BAM*.  Down comes the banhammer.
After a brief hiatus let's get back to the ongoing serialization of my novel *Disappearance* - The Clamoring Wind Obliterates All Else Edition  [Chapter One](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-one/)  [First Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-first-interlude/)  [Chapter Two](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-2/)  [Second Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-second-interlude/)  [Chapter Three](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-3/)  [Third Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-third-interlude/)  [Chapter Four](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-4/)  [Fourth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-fourth-interlude/)  [Chapter Five](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-5/)  [Fifth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-fifth-interlude/)  [Chapter Six](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-chapter-six/)  [Sixth Interlude](http://www.chapterfy.com/r/disappearance-sixth-interlude/)
She was actually the sanest person in her family, although she was kind of cracked.  Her father was a white supremacist Christian Identity guy who beat her mom.  Her mom was in denial about being beaten and ran a sex toy business online.  Together they would go on forums and chat rooms (this was the late 90s, for context) searching for people to have threesomes with.  Her oldest brother married into some Portuguese family and her dad put a hit out on him for it.  Her oldest sister ran away with a wannabe rock star who spent a year keeping her tied up and tortured.  When she got away from him she met another dude who seemed nice enough, but they had to spend the early part of their relationship living in a tent in a trailer park.  The second oldest sister was kind of normal and is actually how I met my ex, as we were friends for a couple of years before I even met my ex/her sister.  Anyway, she was normal enough but she had this one friend she would mentally torture and she ran away too as soon as she could.    This left my ex alone in a house with her fucked up parents.  She developed a lot of neuroses about her father and being caught smoking, drinking, or fucking, all three of which she did a lot of.  She would tell her dad at first that she was going to go hang out with a big group of people in town, and while this was true what wasn't true was the innocence she sold it with.  At the end of the night she would brush the shit out of her teeth to mask any smoke smell (and, let's be frank here, the smell of cum, because she was an avid swallower).  Once she came out as dating me to her parents, it was actually okay - this being the country, because I wasn't mudrunning a souped up Ford pickup he figured that I was too much of a wimp to make any moves on his daughter, despite the fact that I was putting it in her 3-4 times a day.    She had little, uh, quirks, though.  She had no sense of shame or privacy.  She once gave me a handjob through my pants in the smoking circle.  We would fuck in bathroom at parties, or on someone's back porch, against the side of people's houses, in their garages, in the middle of lawns, or, failing all of that, on the floor while everyone else was trying to sleep.  Once, in mid-October, we were playing pool with some people and she wanted to go sneak off into the woods nearby to get it on.  When I replied that it was fucking 3 degrees outside and that we would probably die in the attempt she took this as a sign that she was getting too fat to be attractive (she was not) and locked herself in the bathroom for three hours.  She once beat the everliving shit out of another girl in the middle of the street because the girl had said something "in the wrong tone".  I was in a band at the time and she caused a bar brawl to break out at one of our shows.  That probably wasn't so much her fault as it was the fault of the two career alcoholics who thought they were going to get with her, but still.  She repeatedly claimed that she was the President of the Lorena Bobbit fan club.  She once put together an elaborate humiliation prank involving 15-20 people to get back at someone who claimed he'd gotten a handjob from one of her friends.  There's probably more I'm forgetting.  She was a fucking whirlwind and a lot of fun and I loved the shit out of her.  We're both married with children to separate people but I still think about her pretty often.
My wife works for a local digital marketing/advertising firm.  They needed some content w/regards to music created and she thought of me because, other than fiction, that's what I do.  They needed a listicle about Irish drinking songs created and I asked if they were planning on paying me.  She said "No but it'll give you great exposure".  God help me, I hung up on her.  Apparently they are now willing to pay per piece, so there's a happy ending in all of this.
When I get home, if no one else has by then.
I was successfully followed by a bunch of porn bots.  Does that count?
So I took a look over there, because why not?  Let's see:    "What's your favourite fantasy series?"  "ASOIAF is overrated"  "I want to read but I just don't have the time lol"  "I just finished reading A Confederacy of Dunces"  "American Gods is going to be a TV series!"  "DAE read Sanderson??"  "I haven't read anything start to finish since I was a kid lol"  Jesus, you may as well just stay here.
This is true.  I spend months thinking how to write what it is I'm trying to imagine in my head.  Then I spend three weeks putting it down and BAM!  Time to edit for another couple of months.
Tell your wife to stop by r/writing, she can "work on her novel" with the rest of us.  Edit:  I feel like that sentence implies something it shouldn't.
Literally.  I have come forward in time to escape the fall of the Nazi regime and to spread fascism through a book page on a Mongolian spearfishing forum.
I feel like this is the sort of thing I should remove.    But it's George Saunders.  So just this once I'll allow it.
St Catharines here, can confirm.  1/8 oz is a half quarter.  Also extends up into the 519 out London way.
Shut up and go see it.  First of all your concepts are different enough from the film that I think it'll be okay.   Second of all it is hands down the best film Pixar has made to date.  I saw it in a sneak preview for the Niagara Integrated Film Fest and it had me in tears several times
This guy hasn't seen the Corner Gas movie.  It's an extended Corner Gas episode.  If that appeals to you, see it.  If it doesn't, don't.  I enjoyed it, FWIW.
She's absolutely wrong.  Unless she's a once-in-a-generation savant, I suppose.  I'm guessing she's probably not, though.    To write well you need to read not only other fiction (to see what's been done out there, and how other people think, and to give you ideas on form, structure, narrative, etc.) but also non fiction.  My wife is inches from her master's in political theory and I've read the reading list along with her; it's informed a lot of the ideas and structures I've formed in my writing over the past couple of years.  Reading academic stuff - history, philosophy, literary criticism, sociology, etc. - will give you a broader idea of what underpins the worlds and characters you're writing about.
This passage is overdone.  But:  I'm not a "gun nut" (I'm Canadian, I'm not allowed lol) but I do like that if an author has his characters carrying guns then they at least have some basic knowledge on those guns.  Especially when it comes to simple things that have an effect on the story, like clip size and rate of fire.
Titles are a thing I spend some time on, or I just grab phrases that resonate with me.  One of the two.  *Disappearance* was fairly obvious, since it was a book about what happened after most of the population vanished.  *Prospero's Half-Life* was a little trickier.  "Prospero" came from Prince Prospero in Poe's *Masque of the Red Death* - since my book was about a post-plague situation it seemed to fit.  "Half-Life" refers to the fact that the book takes place over 25 years, or about half the time it would take for a working, stable society to re-emerge from the panicked anarchy that would result from an apocalyptic pandemic.  *I Was Never Here* is a phrase from someone I knew in college.  He slept with a girl, turned on the lights, said "This never happened, I was never here", and left.  I reappropriated it into a story about a man that dies and then relives his glitching, fracturing memories.  My work in progress is an Aristocrats type joke:  what do you call a couple of successful young folks who hang out with the seedier elements of the city, engage in sexual promiscuity, coerce their new friend into being their drugged-out third partner in increasingly violent sex games, and possibly maybe are killing homeless people and immigrant women?  Why you call them *Normal People*!
I use mine primarily for music journalism. I only post fiction related stuff if I'm being featured somewhere or I have something coming out.
Well, not so much my Blogger site as selling my body through my Blogger site.  6 of one, half a dozen of the other, amirite?
On an unrelated note, I still get username mention notifications even though my gold ran out!  Weird!  Glad I could be an example, btw.
I've spent the last five years reading my wife's reading list along with her.  She has a B.A. in Political Science and will have an M.A. in Political Theory as of mid-July.  What of your readings interested you the most, out of curiosity?
That said, I've come to realize via /r/fantasy earlier today that my name and my username are pretty open, so you can have my website.  Since I'm a mod here, disclaimer:  I make no money on this site and it's pretty much just a litany of album reviews with a few long-form discography reviews which people seem to enjoy.  http://trevorzaple.com
I had to abandon it for the good of my mental health.
Truth.  My wife took a job and she felt like something was off about the place but she ignored it for the first little bit.  The place had very high turnover - I'm talking people in and out in three weeks - but the business was legitimate and it paid okay, so she stuck with it.    In the time that she was there, the owner screamed at their graphic design person twice in front of everyone (prompting the girl to quit), left to smoke pot four times a day, flipped back and forth on what he wanted done several times per day, and lost two clients the  second week she was there.  Probably a red flag.  Then he had her do some market research.  After she presented the research, everything seemed fine.  Then he emailed her berating her about how she needs to spend less time doing her job (marketing strategist) and more time writing content (7 blog posts per day, apparently, which was not at all in her job description upon being hired), and asked her where this "research" (his quotes) was.  The research that she'd presented to him the week before.    All this after he'd gone off on a major client two days prior about how all of the client's ideas and designs were awful.  So, it's true.  If you feel something in your gut about a place, you're probably right, and trying to paper over it will just stress you out.
I'm not a scumbag per se but a lot of my characters are, so I could probably contribute something.
Fuck the Wynns.  They once tried to claim I owed them $1500 in rent and put an eviction through on that basis.  My only regret is that it was my lawyer that presented them with my receipts, because I would have liked to see the expression on Leslie's stupid face.
I'M HEAD OF THE CLASS!  I'M POPULAR!
Uh...how fat?  Because I do this all the time.
Nobody outside of my phone and one troubled cousin with a history of drug abuse talks about "SJWs" either.
Fuck man, that reminds me.    My friend and upstairs neighbour was dating this guy for the longest time that I'm pretty sure was either FAS or a former crackhead.  Anyway Incubus was his favourite band and a new CD had just come out and he was really excited about it.  He kept going on about it and then offered to let me borrow it.  I really can't stand later Incubus but to be polite I said sure, whatever.    She broke up with him two days later after she found out he'd been cheating on her with some high school girl.  Never saw him again and thus still have the CD.  I've never once listened to it.
I just wrote a discography guide to Bowie for my blog.  Favs are definitely *Station To Station*, *Ziggy Stardust*, *Low*, *Lodger*, and *Earthling*.  Oh, and *Blackstar*, which is amazing.
I just spent six months going through David Bowie's discography to write a guide that ended up being 15,000 words (large, compared to most of my other guides) and got it out in time to then write a cross-linked review of his new album.  Then he died.  So now I'm sick of talking about David Bowie.  Ha, jk.  I could never get sick of talking about Bowie.  Good thing, since I've had approximately 150 times the web traffic since yesterday.
I do my best writing in Wingdings.
No but I use a font that makes it look like I'm using a typewriter.
I publish everything in Palatino Linotype.
Prologues are a big no for me.  I don't read or write a lot of fantasy lit these days though, and since that's the main place you'll find prologues these days I'm not an expert.  That said, I know a lot of people that have  expressed dissatisfaction with prologues lately.
