i'm waiting till the official release. no disrespect meant for those listening now, but for me it's like getting a fake id. gonna celebrate friday like it's my 21st.
we did this last year. just make sure you're together when you roll through security check.
PL TICKETS ACQUIRED
this will be my first pretty lights show. my absolute favorite, i am ecstatic right now. live free or die.
definitely. second time seeing atmosphere &amp; tipper. first tipper show was pretty special (https://www.reddit.com/r/prettylights/comments/4kqiwd/pls_dropping_tour_announcements_on_twitter/d3hohf9)
and i'll probably end up missing that "interactive listening party" since i'll be at aesop rock that night fffffffffffffffffffuuuuuuuuu (unless it's at like 1130)
enjoy the granite state. i'm not a resident (from mass), but i've spent a lot of time there. definitely stock up on booze while you're there, it's dirt cheap (bring some home).  some of your questions are answered here: https://www.banknhpavilion.com/?page=policies   idk about glass, but i looked at photos from the venue and didn't see any...might be better off playing it safe: https://www.facebook.com/BankNHPavilion/photos
stare at my calendar counting down the days till i'm in michigan
i guess i should've said someone ELSE. i plan to get funky for 4 days straight.
this sub - and wanting to be part of it - is 100% why i joined reddit. can't wait for forest!!!
can't wait to listen to this. saw him a couple weeks ago and it was crazy.
if we ever share a supreme pie i will give you my mushrooms. then we'll both be happy.
i don't have an answer to either question, just wanted to say welcome!
someone in my crew went to tulane so that kinda counts for nola.
last year single day tickets were available after the headliners were split up. i remember buying a ticket for saturday only knowing bassnectar would be playing that day.
never really listened to tipper until i saw him in the fall. now he's one of my absolute favorites &amp; i'm super pumped to see him again with pl in august. highly, highly recommend catching him if you can.
i'll be at the nh show as well, can't wait!
i'll probably check out floss pending conflicts
saturday around 4:30 there is a trolley that leaves the bar Doyle's and does a sightseeing tour around boston. unlike all the other tours you can drink on this one, they even stop for booze at the beginning.    Doyle's is where they take you at the end of the Sam Adams brewery tour so you could do that first.
this past thursday
i'll share my own experience.   last year i was in a real funk around this time. the demands of my job consumed my life and just had me constantly feeling blue. i hadn't taken a day off for 2 years other than for a doctor's appointment.   aside from having the best four days ever i found a lot of comfort in being able to shut out the real world. it allowed me to not only recharge my batteries but refocus priorities on what actually mattered in life. i am in a much better place a year later.   as far as assumptions go, expect nothing. don't worry about meeting the expectations you've set weeks before you go. enjoy every moment of forest and try to take some of that with you.    and ps - i hope you have a wonderful forest and it's beyond what you could hope for.
printed one out and stashed it in the ol' fanny pack - still have it. i'll do the same this year, but i'll also make a few back up copies.
this might be too long, but it's my favorite. i even wrote it up on the whiteboard in my office as a reminder.   idk where it originated but here's a copy of it: http://www.southbayriders.com/forums/threads/126551/
last year was my first year so i'll just break it down by day:  day 1: shpongle, odesza, flume  day 2: minnesota, lettuce  day 3: sci, slow magic  day 4: snbrn
me
i have the same concerns but once the grooves hit you may catch a 3rd wind
feel ya. i was practically in sherwood.
that'd be me too if i wasn't too busy boogin'
saw tipper in the fall and this was part of the visuals android jones put together for the set
i'm not camping with reddit, but if i was in your situation i'd definitely go that route. you definitely have the freedom to do whatever as others have said + you may find yourself in need of the help of others (supplies, an extra hand, etc.).
sorry for the confusion - saw tipper in boston, not at t&amp;f
i feel this. i've used the same iphone headphones for 4.5 years. they're starting to cut out so i'm staring down the inevitable right now.
to answer your follow up question - yes i do listen to night bass. saturday cheese is special.
sinclair is my favorite venue in boston (even though it's cambridge)
we did this last year &amp; it was awesome. shots were candid af with no do-overs. plus getting them developed and reminiscing is like a second christmas.
would've really liked to see yheti &amp; support a local fest but i just don't have the bandwidth unfortunately. keeping an eye out for next year for sure.
we all have our gripes about the t but it's the only way i get around (besides walking).
thanks just added her
not listed on the roster on their website. saw opiuo a few weeks ago and it was so dope so if he got added i would be so happy.
carry some tylenol, advil, ibuprofen - whatever you use. i can't tell you how many times i broke out a bottle for someone in my crew and had people swarm me for that last year. i was more than happy to help but i went through a whole bottle in two days with the hand outs.
i posted the link here for all with an assist from /u/ssswerve
am both.
i want one to commemorate the fest of /u/i_am_linda
this takes me back to my friend's basement
watched the floozies stream. that encore was so dope.
porter &amp; nectar are my top 2. they're above everyone else on the schedule so having to choose between them (especially with the speculated scheduling) would be awful.
it's perfect. that's what my coworkers think i'm doing
only planning on going friday due to nectar but i'm really happy with the rest of that day's lineup. pretty much everyone that i wanted to see except goldfish. sucks that i'll most likely have to miss datsik but it should be a great time start to finish.
no you're absolutely right. and if i had the option to go back and unlisten to the album i would do that - i've avoided videos of worlds for this very reason.
H  Y  P   E
