Hell when I made big changes and it dropped 10 lbs of water weight the first week that was enough for me to get going. 30 lbs in 3 months now. Aiming for 80 by the end of the year. That will put me at 190
Smartserve in Ontario (all of Canada?) can't work in any place that serves alcohol without it. Can be taken online though and the cert is mailed to you. And yes, there are rules regarding how much you can serve a person, at least in a certain time period.  I've been warned about being cut off in bars before, they more or less forced me to wait it out, or buy food before they would give me more.
Also in Lawless. I feel like nobody has seen that movie or something, never gets mentioned. I loved it. He was kind of an annoying character since he was such a bitch, but he played the role awesomely.
No you don't need all that at all. All you need is a calorie deficit, If you do you lose weight that's all there is. The only factor is how big the deficit controls how fast you lose. I'm down 32 lbs since March 20th and I don't even count calories (I did for a couple weeks until I got a handle on how much I can eat)   It's actually picked up steam in the last couple weeks with 11lbs lost in the last 17 days. Honestly, it's easy peasy lemon squeazey.
Same problem. Psn and their Friday night updates. Can't do it on fucking Wednesday morning or something
You should dabble in real country music, not the bullshit that has been played for the last 20 odd years (I'm a pretty big fan of a lot of stuff from the 90's and a LOT of stuff from the 60's-70s)
Got the shits or the flu
Is it though? I could be wrong I suppose as I'm certainly not a diehard baseball fan and only really started watching every game in the last year but watched sporadically for the last 5+. He's regressed every season that he has been with Toronto and while he might have one really good game every 8-10 or so usually the most you can hope for is him to not to be responsible for the loss. So at best he's an inning eater and at worst he's a home run giving machine.   Also how many 40+ year olds arent questionable big leaguers? He certainly shouldn't be the anchor of a rotation anymore.
My favourite ones are pictures of random objects that say "The new fat fighter" or "super food" and it's like a jelly fish.
Pujols just retired in my MLB the Show 15 in 2021 with 630 home runs
Ah yes, slow metabolism. Legit
I'd just burn the house down and start over. A bigger scale of when I just throw dishes away because they've sat it in the fridge too long, the food went bad, and I don't want to clean it.
&gt;Edit8: I do have a girlfriend, getting coffee with someone isn't cheating. I'm not going to fuck her on the coffee machine.  I'd like to read your conversation with your girlfriend when you say "Hey Babe, just told my highschool crush that I was deeply in love with her in highschool and told her I'd drive anywhere in the world to meet her for coffee tomorrow which she agreed to do. I mean, it's not like I'll be fucking her on the coffee machine lol, k XOXO love you lots!"
Yeah pretty much this. I only played '14 and now 15, but basically everything is identical as far as commentary, animations, the idle time stuff. I was really hoping for some updated commentary since I basically just finished playing a couple hundred hours of '14 as a RTTS pitcher and continuing it over to '15 is all the same commentary. Hell I usually get the same calls 10-15 times a game.
St.Albert, Ontario is the king of cheese curds as far as I'm concerned. So to hell with you!!
Not disputing if there was a tornado or not, but I've seen this happen a lot just from high gusts of wind with that type of tree. I think they're thin, tall and have all their foliage at the top, combined with really shallow root system.
I usually have been asleep before midnight for new years since I was 17-18, work is tiring yo
Otherwise known as "my cat was sleeping and I put this on it's head, that's why he looks annoyed, I had to quickly take the picture before he took off"
I remember watching a let's play of the game and someone mentioned that playboy didn't even exist at this time but I didn't double check the dates to be sure. Something like that would bother me though haha
Well if I was playing it's something I would say "Hmm, that seems a little early", and then I would look and see that Playboy started in 1953, and then I would realize that the game is placed in the 30s or 40's. It's just little details that slightly annoy me.
mother fucker has the whole off-season to take off!.  Just kidding, yeah everyone gets days off sometimes.
I know man, I'm just being a pain in the ass for the sake of it. It's what I do best
Well, that just makes me feel bad about myself :(. It's like my dad telling me he's disappointed.
I'm not the one you're looking for an answer from, but from my understanding, the 9590 is a lot more expensive for no performance increase for games. And you're buying a board with a socket that is dead, which means they will never again be making a cpu that will fit in that board so you're stuck with the chips that have already been out for a year or longer. Basically you're looking at 3-400 dollars for the best you're ever going to get without again replacing the board and cpu.  (And the best you're ever going to get doesn't even match an I5). I know, I'm already in a position of being stuck with this socket and needing to replace the board and cpu with intel in the very near future.
Yeah, I definitely do. It's hard to watch right now
Yes really, it's acting. I was gutted when I found out after having so many laughs.
No, I don't think I can ever forgive you
Yeah, I got fucked up in Minefield as Arkansas was blowing up cars around me (fallout 3)
No problems here, Windows 7 64 bit, downloaded and modded 2 days ago, 0 issues.   My sister on the other hand gets ctd every launch and can't play the game.
Well I'd have to check with her, but she's running Windows 7 64 on a Mac, which may be part of the problem. And has an i7
I have all expansions installed and until I set dogmeat as essential he was dying repeatedly. I need to confirm if he would be essential if all expansions are installed, because if so then something isn't working right in my game. I also remember him being near indestructible when I played years ago and he's weak right now but I've only had him for 1 level up basically so he might become super powered in the next level or so.
Heh, I know. Dickey is awful. Though he did have a 7.1 118 pitch shutout going until he gave up a home run. Maybe would have had a complete game without those walks. Although there's a reason he was talking to the ump after every inning since the guy has the worst strike zone I've ever seen
Really? I've never been pulled over in my 10 years of driving. It's not difficult to wear a seatbelt, not speed (to an extreme) and not run stoplights and stop signs and not text while driving. If someone can't handle those things they should be barred from ever owning a vehicle of any kind, including bicycles.
Humble brag: I've lost 20kg's in almost exactly 3 months, not exactly doing 1200 cals but this place has really helped me out a lot
If I call my mom she thinks it's an emergency every time. Answers the phone panicked
Well to be fair, with Tim Hortons here in Canada, a lot of people are so addicted that even drinking regular coffee at $1.80-$2.00 a piece probably go up to 10 or more dollars a day. One guy I work with goes to get a coffee at least 5 times a day.
While I knew the fact of people throwing bottles down the outhouse hole (and pickers looking where outhouses used to be because of this) I've certainly never heard that term.
Yeahhhh you're right. Everyone else mentioned here was Canadian, of course I didn't double check him.
Working for a heating and cooling company and someone says on the phone "Oh my god they make those guys work outside in this heat? Wow. Okay well my air conditioner isn't working so I need to have someone out here to fix it"
Luckily you don't actually have to be moving to be following too close. When silver car gets rear ended and hits ops car he gets the same fine as if he had just driven into op himself.
As far as I know, I just installed everything new but it may have installed some older ones if the disc comes preloaded with old software. I don't know where I would begin to update everything though
Well I have the latest drivers for my gpu for sure, as I had to download that to get off of the built in display drivers from the CPU. I'm doing a quick update of the chipset drivers now but I don't have much hope of that changing things.   It's strange that it's only chrome doing it though :/
Ah yeah makes sense. Well looks like it was an easy enough fix, thanks a lot custom theme installed by my new Mobo
Yeah unfortunately I just dealt with this same issue. Had to bite the bullet and get an Intel chip. There's just nowhere to go with am3+ anymore.
I know the temperatures aren't BAD temperatures, it just seems strange that while idle, litterally sitting there watching the numbers and nothing else they would bounce up and down 10F within seconds  But thank you for calming me down a bit. I just never saw that kind of fluctuation on my old CPU, it would maybe fluctuate 1-2 degrees and would slowly heat up or cool down not frantic bouncing up and down.
Well I'm going to play a game for a bit we'll see if the maxes seem okay afterward haha
I drove by a landfill last weekend and there are signs all around that say not to dump garbage along the fence of the property. Anyway so I drive down the next road and there's a pile of 5 bags of trash thrown on the side of the road. Close enough!
I never measure, I just take a mouthful out of the bottle. I usually pass right out within an hour or so
Good guess, but I don't think so. My memory is definitely foggy but I think the graphical presentation was a little bit better than that (so it might be a newer game than 1994).   Also watching the video, I don't remember having all the text screens that this fellow has that's playing.
Well I'm from Ontario, so I guess it leaked into our lexicon as well
