&gt; Aren't you the person who runs Halo Canon?  I am
&gt; Please tell me you wouldn't quit too.  I wouldn't, and I don't.
It's cool. I don't expect everyone to be canon-savy, and I certainly never mind explaining things. Happy to have helped :)
Eh, don't sweat it. Plenty of people are making the mix-up. I was fortunate enough to have been online when that whole thing happened. Halo Archive originally said it was the Didact (MECHA-DIDACT!), but it was probably an hour or so later that Frankie's post was posted on twitter.
Well, I don't want to derail the topic, but you're welcome to PM me.
I personally figured they were bred and rapidly grown, but that could also be the case. Still, I wish they'd directly addressed it.
I should amend myself and note that it was a day, rather than a few hours, but here's the source:  https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/forums/db05ce78845f4120b062c50816008e5d/topics/learn-what-happened-today-in-halo/9e7159ac-143a-4e71-bcfd-622db8f7c3a3/posts?page=7#post123
God, those ugly Phantoka/Mistika forms. *shudders*  I loved the 2015 sets, and while I don't hate the 2016 sets, they seem a little too generic compared to the uniqueness of each Toa set from last year. Still, they were a blast to build.
I still like it. It's no Halo 4, sure, but I don't think it's that bad. And honestly, it's been a while since I was this excited for the future of Halo's story. We're basically in uncharted territory.
I was initially turned off, but I ended up liking it once I realized that the Cortana was find in Halo 5 isn't the one we lost in Halo 4. Halo 5's Cortana has changed, she's not the same person we enjoyed in the previous titles. In that way, the "real" Cortana never came back.  As far my hopes, I'm really just hoping we don't "save her" in some future game. I can see her being a part of a Flood plan (her current parallel to Mendicant Bias are fairly obvious), but I really hope she doesn't "see the error of her ways" or something. If she's gone bad, I want her to follow through to the end.
Thanks for the correction. I tried looking up some numbers, but the descriptions weren't all that clear (at least to me).
I'm just busting your balls. In all honesty, a Meta-inspired armor would be pretty cool.
Not really. I'd love those stories, sure, but I'm honestly sick of Anniversary games. I personally didn't even want CEA, let alone H2A. Admittedly, CEA was well timed, and for all the faults of the MCC, it was a worth-while package. That said, H3A is too far, to me.
Yeah, I've seen that stuff and even presented it in the aforementioned "debate". No dice, and the guy keeps insisting Bungie threw it out entirely at some point. I just wanted to see if someone knew something and get a fresh pair of eyes on this. Thanks for looking around.
It was on my YouTube channel, where I generally like to respond. The guy posted basically the same claim in 4 comment threads. I don't know if he's anti-EU. His statement was that, at the time of Halo Reach's release, Bungie had (apparently for the fourth time) declared the books/EU non-canon.
It's taking place on my "Battle of Reach Timeline" video on YouTube.
This remains the only piece of Halo media that I have not purchased (or rather, re-purchased). God, it was terrible! Unnecessary changes that fly in the face of established event and characterizations, and a total lie of a title. I've had non-lore-loving friends ask my why the series was called "Fall of Reach", and I've had them note how much they didn't care for John as a character, especially after the gym scene. Fucking-A!  I went into this series not expecting much. I didn't want it to begin with, but I never expected to be so disappointed.
Well, I own a digital version, but I usually get physical media.
They are both canon, though Reach is "higher" canon, in that wherever it contradicts *Halo: The Fall of Reach*, the events in Halo Reach are considered the truth.  I made a post on Waypoint years back on the matter:  https://www.halowaypoint.com/en-us/forums/db05ce78845f4120b062c50816008e5d/topics/the-battle-of-reach-timeline/6e6f2d43-d279-47de-be17-352a26cb25a5/posts  And a video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GV_89X3xdQc  Sorry for the self-plugging.
I came real close some years back, funny enough. Unfortunately, knowledge alone isn't enough.
Yeah, last year at ~~E3~~ Gamescom  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMiiffLQcvE
A very interesting comic that I never personally found until after Halo 3 came out. The idea of this ancient Human watching the construction of the Portal is really interesting, and I'd personally love to see N'chala referenced in future media (indirectly, if not directly).
True. In fact, a recent discussion with some fellow lore fans has opened me up to the possibility that Naomi-010 may be one of those Reach survivors.
In an ideal world, maybe. YouTube is practically a monopoly now, and creating an alternative isn't really that viable. We all saw what happened with Blip.TV, and even with alternatives like Polaris or Vessel, most content creators, if they want to be seen or make money, have to post to YouTube at some point.  I run a channel with a modest 60k following, a following I could likely never achieve on any other platform with the somewhat niche subject I cover. I used to stream on Twitch, but building up an audience there is just too difficult, and so I've since switched to YouTube. YT really is the only viable option for most people, sadly :\
I'd love some examples, if it's not too inconvenient. Who is out of character and how (or a link to an article with details).  I personally found Data's death very emotional.
Loved this book back in the day, still love it. Tobias Buckell did a great job with fleshing out the Arbiter and Sangheili culture, and showing the seeds that would eventually grow into the Great Schism.
I tried watching this movie once a few years back. Couldn't make it past the first 10 minutes. That said, that scene was brilliant!
Have you tried uninstalling and reinstalling? I initially had a problem similar to what you're describing, and this solved it for me. Don't know why, but it did.
&gt; I have seen a writer for a major publication eagerly receive lap dance in a private party, then the next day go on to talk about how over-sexualized the industry is, and that is on the tame side of the shit I have seen since 2004.  &gt; That's pretty damning.  I remember an incident from years ago: Achievement Hunter was denied an E3 pass. It had recently started up, but despite being associated with Rooster Teeth (which had been allowed to attend), it was denied. Something about the group "not being professional enough" or something.  That year, Mega64 posted a video showing a "Moon Bounce with Booth Babes" attraction they had at E3. Yeah, real professional. I've been trying for years to find it, but it seems to have disappeared (assuming my mind isn't making the whole thing up). Anyway, the quote reminded me of that incident.
I had a full team of 8. We coordinated. We failed all but once to take down the final bosses.
Never thought I'd actually have something to post, but well, guess it was only a matter of time. This guy claimed that all cops, no matter how good, are terrorists because good cops don't always report bad cops. While there is certainly a discussion to be had on that subject, this is far from the way to go about it. This man killed a cop and threatened to kill more when he was confronted by police.  The article the original post linked to, if anyone's interested: http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2016/12/31/pennsylvania-state-trooper-abuse-violation/96030126/
&gt; I'm an E-5; I couldn't imagine explaining to my boss that I take orders from an E-3 because "I don't really feel like an E-5."  Well, if you were in Fred's boots, you probably wouldn't care. Spartans have a very atypical mindset.  &gt; My follow up question is, does the Spartan branch really even have ranks?  Not really, but sort of. All Spartans officially have a rank of "Spartan". Beyond that, there are titles like Fireteam Leader, Mission Handler, and Spartan Commander (ie Palmer). These act like ranks in that they hold some form of command authority, but in  reality, they aren't considered actual ranks. It's kind of weird how 343 set it up.
Admittedly, it's been a number of years, but when I was in high school and college, I remember babysitting paying a lot more than mowing the lawn.
I'm not too familiar with military terms, but that sounds correct.
Personally, not that much. The raw audio would be interesting (for example, without the fade as he's flying toward the new Halo ring, 343GS can be heard saying "but it will take time to fabricate a new index", the last few words fading out before they can be hard in the normal cutscene).
Okay, I see now. Sorry about the misunderstanding on my part.
I remember it being a major issue. I also remember a lot of people agreeing with that.
&gt; In Halo 4, the Didact literally force chokes Chief like Darth VaderGravity manipulation, something that's been a part of Halo since day 1. We're just seeing it on a smaller scale.&gt; a person who has been dead for years talks to you (The librarian),She made an AI copy of herself, not unlike what Halsey did to create Cortana.&gt; Chief literally gets biologically transformed to become immune to a death ray, Not outside the purview of Sci-Fi, though, on a personal note, I do find that to be a little ridiculous.&gt; and the creation story is literally given to the forerunners.Not sure what you mean, here.&gt; Metal structures are floating everywhere And? While certainly more prevalent in the 343 era, that's been part of Halo since day 1.
&gt; While i could never read the Forerunner trilogy as it felt too much like fantasy for my tastes  I've more often heard it said that the books, when you take out the Halo references, read more like hard sci-fi.  &gt; the Fall of Reach is what got me into not only Halo, but military sci-fi as a whole.  Same here. I love military sci-fi, myself. While I don't entirely agree that Halo is losing it's military sci-fi theme (in the games at least), I think calling it science fantasy is going to far.
Like I said, my main issue here the accusation about Halo going into the science fantasy realm, which I don't think it's doing any more than it has in the past.  Regarding straying from military sci-fi, that's another debate. In the books, it certainly has been in a couple places, though in a manner I personally like, and it's still a minority occurrence. The games I would debate, too, but I can understand the criticism after Halo 5. I'm personally waiting to see how Halo "6" turns out.
While I disagree, thank you for making a thought out argument.  To me, the classic BR looks a little too much like a modern rifle. The H4/5 looks more like what I would expect to be produced in the distant future.  While a lot of 343's art direction is over designed, I feel the BR is one instance where that's isn't the case, or at least, not as much as it is elsewhere.
&gt; Big example being how much the main crew and even parangosky hate Halsey.  That personally never really bothered me until *Mortal Dictata*, where it felt like it was ramped up to 11. Further, the books demonize Halsey while giving a fair shake to Parangosky (a character who has done far worse than Halsey, by miles).
&gt; It was kind of obvious from the beginning to me that I (and most of the other people on this sub) were not the target audience of the show  That's fine, but you can tell the story without making unnecessary changes.  &gt; My roommate, who has played Halo games for years but didn't really know much about the lore, loved it.  A friend of mine unfamiliar with the Halo lore hated it, and was not a fan of John as a character.
Thank you for the support. Glad you enjoy the content :)
We've done a few collaborations here and there.
I remember the book mentioning the Banished indirectly, but I don't recall how much knowledge of them she really had.  &gt; Isabel is certainly well-informed regarding the group's history.  She's been stuck on the Ark for 5 months. It's possible she had time to gather some intel while keeping herself hidden. That said, I wouldn't be all that surprised of ONI knew about the Banished to some degree.
I'd love to find one of these, buy a bunch of burgers, and eat in them in front of the protestors.
Is this splitscreen or over XBL? I've had limited success with the latter. XBL co-op is extremely prone to issues. Splitscreen less so in my experience.
Sorry for the delayed response. Yeah, XBL is sketchy at best. Sometimes changing the host will work, but I wouldn't count on it too much. Best solution is to try and get together and do splitscreen.
&gt;  How would we know what the contents of the update are if they are not specified?  By reading. Or hell, just skim the damn thing. That's what I do. I don't care about most of the community updates, but I still skim through to see if something catches my eye.
