I figured that one out the hard way. The shame.
This started out exactly how my best friend and his fiancée started dating. But of course there's the fiancée thing in his case.
I change my own oil but I'd have to go look, just like I have to check the recommended tire pressure every time I put air in them.
Mine curves pretty significantly. I have to be basically planking on the toilet tank and the counter to achieve proper aim.
Or do your appropriate civic duty and don't block a public parking space.  I swear I moved here from Philly and about the only thing both cities can agree on is being selfish, entitled, and narrow minded asshats about street parking.  Well that and you guys call hoagies the right thing so yinz aren't all bad.
Did you know most of them say it on the sticker? Because I didn't until someone pointed it out. When I was 21. *facepalm*
Can't help you on the Hebrew/Yiddish, although attempting a different transliteration might give you more luck, ie matzoh vs matza (the latter is unrecognized by iOS).  Y cambiar a español y regresar requiere un botón. Much faster than fighting autocorrect the whole time, even for me with 7 languages.
The house I grew up in has this problem. It has nothing to do with the skill of the driver, the type of car, or the design of the road. It has everything to do with the relative angle of the driveway entering the road, which cannot be changed due to utilities. If you park a car immediately across from the driveway exit it becomes nearly impossible to drive around if there are any cars in the far lane. They pull to the center leaving less than a full lane width for a more than 120° turn.  In other words, get off your high horse. It's a perfectly reasonable request of there is ample parking space.
I don't remember needing any such thing, but one of my recommendations was from a Lutheran pastor so perhaps it was just a non-issue. He knew I was an agnostic atheist though; he just also happened to be one of the leaders I got a rec from.
&gt;Former Eagle scout here  Once an Eagle, always an Eagle. Or something.
I had no issues with it when I took it first semester. It *was* probably my hardest class that term but was nowhere near as impossible as I was lead to expect. I took it concurrently with Calc II and without 3D Calculus experience, and honestly learned more of those in Physics II than I did in the actual classes.  I will say though that I had a fantastic professor and the best TA I've ever had, so your mileage may vary.
But like, how do you search for that? As soon as you put "Asian" in your query you go immediately full-Japanese, in my experience.
As a corollary if someone is doing this for you *don't show up early*. Did it for a GF once and she showed up half an hour early then complained it took 45 minutes after she showed for us to start eating.
It's a fair question. I do have a defs mod of my own tweaks for a couple items, but none of those touch powered items of any kind and I've been using those tweaks for three or four games now without problems.  The fact it was drawing exactly double its nominal power (I eventually moved it and the new one works fine) makes me suspect it was being double-counted somehow, rather than a problem with the item itself.
So I'm familiar with lens distortion but I'm having trouble believing there's not also some lighting and makeup shenanigans in that particular set.  EDIT: *yes this shows lens distortion* I'm not denying that at all
Did the same thing after accidentally running a red light (literally had no idea there was a traffic light for this one-lane alley in the middle of the block even after he stopped me) and eventually my politeness and sincere confusion got me out of it. I even couldn't find my proof of insurance because I was so nervous. Luckily I just got a stern talking to that culminated in him telling me "get your shit together son."
I once tried, and had just said "there's also something called a safety that almost never happens in the NFL so I'll just skip over that" when there was a safety.
I was best man, she was the maid of honor. Things just clicked.  Apparently the bride and groom (and the groom's mother) had been plotting to set us up for months. They did a terrible job of it but their instincts were right, at least.
Kinda like what I did after reading *Gone Girl*.
And Hartford is ~~BFD~~ BDL for Bradley Field.  EDIT I fucked it up
Yes it is. I have no idea how I messed that up.
Sugar is on the ingredients list. If you're diabetic you know to check the ingredients as well as the chart. Plus, even if Tic Tacs have 0.49g of sugar each (which I don't believe is true, but it sets an upper limit) eating an *entire box* is ~17g of sugar. I recognize that's not nothing, but it's certainly less significant than any number of other hidden sources of dietary sugar, plus you have to have eaten the whole box.
But if you're going to do it for the food anyway Coast Guard &gt; Air Force &gt; National Guard &gt; Navy &gt; Army. I don't know where to stick the Marines anymore since we mostly deploy them to landlocked desert countries nowadays.  Source: I know too many members of the US Armed Forces and they always argue over food.
See that's interesting. In my experience people are usually really happy that you actually did the thing, because no other cashier in the last week has bothered.
It's really a matter of body type and how strongly you care about passing. OP sounds to be rather thin and hourglass-shaped so he needs "work harder" to present masculine rather than butch. A stockier person gets some amount of "masculinity" for free because societally we still associate broad shoulders with being a "real" man (I hate that pair of words).   Really all that matters is that you are comfortable with how you dress and the assumptions people might make.
&gt;Staffing is one reason that Mr. DiFiore decided to sell. Finding loyal staff has been challenging with the recent restaurant boom.  &gt;"It's increasingly difficult to get staff or managers who will stay," he said.  I don't have any personal knowledge of Mr. DiFiore or his business dealings (I ate at the "new" Elbow Room 4-5 times and it was always just okay all around) so maybe it's way off-base to say this, but in my experience "lack of loyal staff" is usually code for "working here sucks".
What LPs are you watching? I've never seen this done for a serious video.
I've heard good and bad about both Mozart and Walnut Capital. For Mozart it matters a lot whether you live in or adjacent to a building with one of their offices in it. People who lived in the same building seemed to have very good responsiveness, but I know people in their smaller buildings who had a lot of trouble getting things fixed. For Walnut Capital they take better care of their newer flagship properties than the older buildings. For what it's worth I've never heard of Walnut being outright shady, just somewhat negligent.
I've lived a couple blocks from 5801 for years and literally never realized it was a gay bar.
&gt;on fleek  &gt;I hated myself for typing this  &gt;*approps*  I *totes* believe you
The one distinction is make is that the recycle bin is much easier to get something back out of than the garbage can (and much more likely that you'd want to). I do occasionally pull things out of my recycling if I find a need for them, like needing a grease collector for my grill where I'll grab an empty soup can, but I've never stuck my hand in a garbage can unless I threw something away by accident (usually my keys).  EDIT: I'm not arguing that anyone should store anything in the Recycle Bin, that's idiotic.
I think this is probably all anyone is asking for. It's just so not packing a condom as a guy on any given night doesn't result in the awkward already-in-bed lack of protection. Or, something I've experienced, literally not getting invited back because I don't have a condom on my person at that exact moment.
Is 6-month-old Coors really any worse? It's not like it was fresh out of the brewery, or *good in any way*, when she bought it in the first place.  (Now, for beer pong or really hot outdoor events Coors is actually my preferred water-beer, but that's a special use case)
I'm a happy Mac owner, for years now, and I wouldn't in a thousand years recommend one to someone who plans on doing any gaming. Buy a proper gaming PC, or better yet build your own. I'll help.  There are even Twitch/YouTube streamers, like Scott Manley, who *work at Apple* and vehemently provide the same advice.
Enough that I don't do it. I'll stick one in my pocket the night of if I think I'll need it, but it never goes in the wallet. The friction and pressure inside a wallet, especially if you keep it in your back pocket, can cause microscopic holes in the condom. The chance gets worse over time
It's okay in the very limited situation where you're at a revel with some rebels on a hot night and you look across the room and you feel helpless…  I was actually trying to justify the situation but it's basically just half the plot to *Hamilton*.
One of the scariest, then quickly most vindicating, experiences I've had was getting threatened verbally and physically by the driver of a jacked up pickup and then watching him get arrested for it. It wasn't a mid-street crosswalk though, it was one of the ones where there is a cycle just for pedestrians. The guy waiting to turn left at the red light (halfway into the crosswalk) took issue with me crossing in front of him during the pedestrian cycle, cursed at me, told me he was going to run me over, and jumped the truck forward at me to an extent that I had to jump back to not get hit. In a moment of instant karma, the two police cars also waiting for the light (one a city cop and one a CMU cop) promptly pulled between me and the driver as a blockade (the guy tried to follow me when I ran back to the sidewalk), dragged the guy out of the truck, and cuffed him on the hood. I don't know what happened to him, but I didn't have to show up to court because the incident was recorded by *three* dashcams. The idiot had his own running too.  My point being people have trouble with signalized intersections, so the mid-block crosswalks are basically anarchy.
I think a significant factor in my case was the pretty clear and explicit spoken threat of violence, followed by an action that exactly matched that threat.
It will be two years old at the time of the actual release, which is the point most manufacturers just stop updating their products at all. Do I wish it worked on my 6? Yes. Am I mad about it? Hardly.
As someone who started on a candy iMac with the hockey puck mouse and now has a terminal window opens at all times, if I had to pick just two input devices for the rest of my life it would be a keyboard and a touchscreen. There are so few things (yes gaming is one) that benefit from a mouse over touch control, and I still have my command line.
Thanks, you're correct. What I meant to say was that it was an integer type, but I got lazy and just wrote "unsigned int", which is close in English wording but indeed wrong.
The specific point I was making is that the search seems to work passably well in the backend. If I mentioned to my friend Doug last week about "tortilla soup", and I talked to my girlfriend Jill about making it in March, and I put "tortilla soup" in the search bar, it shows previews for the relevant messages with the correct timestamps in the search results. It does it quite quickly, even for fairly old information.  Clearly the search implementation found the relevant entries. Where it falls apart is actually presenting them in the UI. If I tap either result, *and I'm lucky*, I get random other messages from the same day. I have ***never*** gotten the actual searched message anywhere on screen unless it's in the final screenful of the conversation.
In theory yes, but try doing that yourself for real. It's great for the first swallow and then your body just goes "what the fuck is this? *Vinegar!?*"
I've never had smart tab trouble with any code editor that wasn't in a Microsoft product.
The same sort of thing happens connecting to a remote Windows machine from my Mac. I have zero trouble switching between Cmd and Ctrl based keyboard shortcuts when using different machines, but I can't make my brain do Ctrl shortcuts on my MacBook Pro (I have to think 'SIGINT' really hard to copy things successfully).
&gt; "Judge, why is this wurm able to be equipped with boots?"   In my first homebrew deck the wincon was a [[Plated Slagwurm]] equipped with a [[Neurok Hoversail]]. I liked to imagine (heck, I still do) this huge wurm that's 10+ meters around and hundreds of meters long just dangling from this tiny hang glider thing, tail dragging along the ground below, with a huge goofy smile on its face.
Even he's at that point. There's an interview with him on the Graham Norton Show where he talks about needing a dialect coach to get his own accent back.
I noticed this the last time I bought ice cream. I ended up buying some random brand that was at least labeled as real ice cream. It wasn't the best ice cream I've ever had, but there wasn't any carrageenan or other thickeners in it either. It was just mediocre ice cream.
Sigh… I think they're talking about Roy from Challenge Finders.  I am not proud of myself
Sorry that it goes against your plan of secrecy, but where *is* the good sushi in Pittsburgh? I've been here for 6 years and Nakama is the most consistent, good sushi I've found outside the Strip, but I'd like to kick it up a notch if I can.
