I'm still thinking about who or what Orochimaru did... if he did anything at all...  http://imgur.com/IQTVJiR
She has very high numbers, a very toxic pseudo-CC, but she is also very sluggish and has no reall CC other than the 2s decaying slow.  I've been spamming her as a support recently because people are tilted AF when you get your E off on them, but other than that, I'd say she is balanced. Insanely strong with the right kind of setup, but useless against a disengage comp and/or 3 or more seconds of hard CC.   All in all, there are champs who shit on her like Vayne, Poppy, Irelia and Tristana, just because of their abilities to outplay her, stun her for long amounts, and/or get her out of her tentacle area of death, but as long as you never stop walking, no champ should ever get hit by any of her abilities - although you buy Iceborne and that relatively fixes your problem once you get in range.
Well yeah, but I was referring to a guy being on an EU server, wanting to play on Japan lol
Completely unrelated to Prison School: no, I would never choose a girl with make up over a girl with no make up. I prefer self-confidence and self-awareness.
I meant that I am not imitating Kiyoshi in my answer, who would probably answer the same xD
Well Happiness Factor exists only because Jhin profits from Crit and AS more than other champions do. As such, Last Whisper has a Happiness Factor of 0%, since he doesn't have Added Efficiency. I'm fairly sure you wouldn't want to build it in place of other AS/Crit/AD items, only as a last item against an Armor stacking team.  I have watched quite a lot of high elo people, too, and they all say that LW items in general are not a good buy unless you're absolutely forced into it.
I'm taking Runaan because it's 2nd out of the 4 AS Crit items stat-wise, and because of the bolts. Later on you want to have 100% Crit so you always get the Movement Speed boost and so your Runaan bolts deal around 350 damage each. I would like to avoid RFC and BT because RFC is not top half tier of the AS Crit items and because BT is kind of forced seeing as how you'd need to have some kind of ultimatum to sustain.  Based on what I've learned doing this calculation is that you don't want to stray off the Crit/AS items unless you're forced to, so getting things like Death's Dance, BT, Last Whisper items or similar would have to be brought on by a specific situation.  IMO Energize items are not that great on him because of the limited AA capabilities.
I guess I'll have to test it out and see, it's almost impossible to get Jhin on PBE :\^)
10% AS gives him 2.5% Total AD, 10% Crit gives him 4% Total AD.  I think you want to avoid both AS and Crit in your pages. The reason for this is the following - you can't get a lot more than 300-400 AD - this means that at most, from runes you could get either around 7.5% of that from AS, or around 8% from Crit Chance. Those would equal around 23-30 AD. Now, if you get flat 15 AD, your build will automatically give you around 15-17 more, because of the multiplier. In the end, it seems running flat AD gives you more both in the beginning and in the end than AS or Crit Chance.  That's why I run the most standard 15 AD, 9 Armor, 12 MR Runepage on him. I don't believe in RNGesus on him, anyways.
I tested him with all 4, RFC is the best early on, but if you want BT later on, you have to switch to Runaans, otherwise you'll have a hard time sustaining. To have an optimal build, you generally want to avoid selling huge items.
Inb4 he picks Darius I'm absolutely trash at playing... Or Annie...
I think Riot is making a big mistake by ignoring the most vocal part of the community (and more than anything, the pros) in a time they finally have some strong competition.  I stopped playing Ranked altogether, solo people in my ranks are just too bad and unknowledgeable, while premades can be annoying both to play against and with.  I just wish that soloq would become what it once was in at least some way - a test of skill, not a test of luck. I want the clown fiestas and I want trolls back, but getting absolutely shitstomped by enemy performance or by the negativity from your premade team is just too much. Other games have better solutions. Ranked as it is now is just complete shit for solo players.
They do. I have a friend who likes to gross me out with shit that not even Papa Franku would fuck around with.
Around 10% or less players play ranked. That brings the number down to around 6-7 million. I'd say it's closer to 6 million than 7, though, don't as why. Now, pros are the kind of people you can safely 99% of the time that they're right. I'm not saying they're the only one, I'm only saying that they are the ones that are probably all right.  There are things DQ suceeds in, there are things it doesn't. For some reason, Riot acknowledged that you cannot play League with friends and have fun in normals. I do not understand this in the slightest. Yes, it was hard to find 4 other players who'd play at the same time, but is there really a way of improving your teamplay by ignoring the 1, 2 or maybe 3 other teammates so you could improve in communication between 4, 3 or 2 people? And why did you remove 5 man ranked? For a 5 man premade DQ is hardly any practice. If 5 gold players are knowledgeable about the game, they can beat 5 solo platinum players.  Yes, Riot claims that they will most likely be paired with other premades of the same size, but this is hardly true for groups with 3 or more members. I constantly see 3 man premades getting paired against either 1 or 2 2 man premades, and 4 man premades being paired against 3 man premades. I've never actually seen a 5man premade vs 5 man premade because I always play solo, but the amount of times when I've seen 5 v 4 was no laughing matter. Even there the system fails.  Most of the time equality isn't justice, but if you pair 10 solo players up against each other, there is little disturbance in the actual skill ratings. Some games they may have been lucky, other games not, but every other participant has virtually the same chances. By having pure soloq, you remove the influence of premades, and what is left is only player behaviour and server behaviour in the whole mix.  I could talk ages about this albeit not being affected as much as higher elo players, but queue times, although more extreme, are not the only issue Riot has to look into. You know, it doesn't feel like LoL anymore. A champion is never balanced around how well it does in a team or solo, because some champs are better in solo play, while others are better in team play. Hell, there are champions which are not even viable in teams, and then there are champions which are completely unviable in solo play - but Riot doesn't mess with that.  Just like above, I think Riot should not touch into the way someone plays the game - because the area for their concern should be the game itself, what happens when you get onto the Rift, not how you get into it.  And I'm sure as hell that the summoners which they want to get rid of like the rest of the lore don't get advantages for being friends with one another.
I never said you do, however, recently I've received a lot of responses to another topic about league trends in which most replies, although my original reply was satire, were something like "Hentai is bad/immoral??? WHAT ???" so I was just connecting the two things.  They cannot provide too adult VO's because 1) Riot treats LoL as a game, not a lorefest, 2) it would possibly up their age ratings, so upping the chances they get sued because of letting someone underage play - this could be voided by updating ToS, but that's additional effort.  What point would face models do? It's highly unlikely you will ever zoom in and change camera angle to see the face in game. For faces there are splash arts which do their job.
Because I have been playing this game for too long in elos ranging from bronze 5 to diamond in ranked and masters in normals that i would not know the mentality of the elo you're in. And I don't even play from Season 1, nor do I play seriously.
he's like d3 or 4 i think  I dont even know who the fuck salce is
I got a guy banned for playing Taliyah mid and going 2/10 or something.  Granted he flamed everyone when we told him Taliyah is just a shit champ
From my experience, provided bots picked actually viable comps, the could probably reach Silver 1 given enough time, especially since they get exponentially better the more they snowball and due to the way they always back when low and dodge better when low, and games in broze and silver were all about who can evolve from a clown to a serious player the fastest.
I know they are awful, but throughout my climb, I've noticed that jungler game knowledge and ability spike after Plat 5, it might be because everyone plays just Lee, however, the difference is huge, and now even more with the shitty meta we're in.
I'm no Eve main, but lately I've seen a lot of success with tank Eve even as a carry in gold (I'm a high plat player, but new season ehhhhhh). I thought it would be shit because tanks cannot really carry without damage, and it's gold, Eve is good only for assassination, can't teamfight, because those are replaced with clown fiestas.  Basically, I tried my Shaco build on her, and was amazed at how she just doesn't fall behind with damage or clear despite going tank.  The way I build her - Start with refillable and talisman, get your Red and if you know enemy midlaner has no movement abilities lvl 1 cheese it. Since you have red, E and Q, as well as ignite, with a bit of coordination you will pull it off in low elo, and this will, most of the time tilt the enemy midlaner off the face of the earth. Anyways, if you're not confident, just go wolves, blue and try to get top. I usually stay and farm until 1200 gold, then I buy tiamat and continue to look for picks. The great thing about tiamat is that Q, auto, E, tiamat auto Q clears raptors in around a second or so, so you have an advantage against most jungler since you can clear it. Same goes for Krugs.  Second item is Bami's Cinder. The strategy is to have fast AoE clear and persistent AoE damage so you can spend more time sitting on your enemies faces. Basically, from there on I buy boots and blue enchant, and the core is done. I focus getting Titanic Hydra as the first finished item, however that is impossible if you're not insanely fed, so I usually finish Sunfire first. In the meantime, you want to finish either MR, Armor or CDR boots. I prefer MR. I stay sustained basically on fruits, just get fed of the enemy ADC. Your farming is no sweat since you're basically tanky AD Eve, you have decent damage with tiamat resets. The idea, however, is not to win early or mid game, but to get tanky enough you can 1v1 the enemy mid and adc without your initial burst (which with Titanic active is around 1k with Q auto E Titanic Auto), BUT you also have teamfighting power due to your ultimate. Later I like to get Runic Echoes, and while this might seem weird the reasons are difficult counter-itemization, movement speed, active which increases burst. Although I don't usually get any further than that, the build would probably go something like Randuins and Visage. If I'm feeling especially confident, I'd probably see myself buying Zzrot or Protobelt, however I can't say because I've never found myself doing it, neither on my main, nor on my smurfs.  But yeah, Tanky Eve seems to be the best build currently, even when I remember all the other Eve builds in the past. However, I think Echoes &gt; Warrior, mostly because of the MS and burst. I don't like AP eve that much but that's probably due to my playstyle.
Aww yes, IP weekend before finals, kill me
My mother would be a Thresh main since she's basically like a jail warden
Currently 9-2, shit on a Shaman turn 6, hopefully I can get to 10 :)  So far I've been lucky enough to go first 5 games, Alleycat in all of them in opening hand.
That's what I said. My first sentence fills his last.
I've sold it, you can check in the builds tab.
Brand and Zyra can get you the farthest IMO. I'm sure Vel'Koz can too, however after his mini-rework I find difficulty performing as well as I did before it.
I've been climbing very easily from your elo by spamming Brand and Bard, what counters Brand the most IMO is Janna, as long as you shield your ADC or yourself his harass has almost no meaning.  A plat support will be flawless in rotations and position in lane as opposed to a gold support. A lot of the games are free wins because I know that the instant bot is pushed and ADC takes a step back, it is time to fuck mid, or when I notice the jungler started opposing buff, after 3:00 I'm never crossing half of the lane unless it's to last hit a champion. From utility supports I feel like Janna and Bard are the only viable, Sona and Nami are super trash, Morgana is meh imo, the best are Zyra, Brand and Malz. If you can adapt and play damage, cool, else don't expect to climb without ~Plat4-3 skill with utility supports.  I play every Mage support with 12 Mpen, Around 5 mana/5 and I believe 15 AP runes, but that's just because my playstyle is very aggressive.
League took me 3.
Yeah I needed 1/2 the time to be able to play ranked and achieved way better results in around 1/4 of the time that it took me in League. Hearthstone is a grind, but not a lot of people are willing to put time into it.
I complete 100 gold every day just by spamming facerolly decks in casual. Takes you 2.5-3 hours but I can do it parallel to other duties. I mostly watch things while playing, once you get muscle memory (like with Pirate Warrior), you hardly have to pay attention.  Also, infinite Arena helps. People complaining it's impossible to play Hearthstone for free are just trash, and it's sad you have to say something like that in a game where mechanics don't even play a role.
I run a full pen runepage, so no
Your friend circle doesn't represent the world distribution. People massively stopped playing Ranked after it was screwed over after S3 and specifically S5.
Did you change your password in the last month? If you didn't, and do not change passwords that often, then don't complain. I use an 18 character password which is either similar or the same for many other websites I use, however, I never had anyone break into my account for the 6 years it exists, and it's not like it's completely worthless, as it has 118 champions and around 30 skins.  Your password was probably too weak to survive a bruteforce attack, or it was too similar to survive a dictionary attack, or you were keylogged, had the same password as some other site which had their hashes cracked or something like that. There is no other way than it being your fault.
I trust myself more to control my data than I trust any company and any block of code to do that for me without fault. Most people do not understand that 2FA is not invincible, and it only takes someone with persuasion to create a bit better cracking method to completely defeat it. There is not a thing in this world that is secure, or so secure compared to something other that it could be considered secure.
That is untrue. I play a lot of intermediate AI due to finals, and the percentage is more like 1 player per 5 games on average, which is 4%.  Also you have to be physically and mentally crippled to lose a bot game where a bot goes 0/20, bot games are carryable by even 2 people, even one if the ones feeding are the run it down mid bots you're talking about.
Idk, I still get absolutely crippled new players (like negative game sense, ADC starting to jungle after going 0/5 etc), so that might not be optimal for learning players.  Don't get me wrong, it's absolutely good for the bronzies and silvers who play it to boost their ego, however, bots are like an epidemic, it spreads, and the more smurfs there are, the more the extremely unpleasant people can swap around accounts after being banned.
Yeah, however you don't troll in a way any Rioter without a sense of humor could issue a 14 day ban.  For an example, I troll by banning a Vayne from a team mate and saying Fuck you if asked why I did that, but I don't exactly claim how Hitler did nothing wrong and BM Allah
Your op.gg shows one more game, bringing it up to 14.5%. So again, it was shown for the 2nd time that your approximations are very far from the actual situation.  From my perspective, missions either didn't raise the amount of people botting, or it did so in a very insignificant way. We could look at the statistics from my account if you wish, as I played bots before missions and during them.  Would you consider it more unkind if I considered these fabricators such as yourself, liars, idiots, or trolls? In my book all of them are a bigger insult, and there is no kinder way of describing someone who is trying to fight something with misdeeds than to label him as someone with low self-esteem.
I only queue in solo, so idk, maybe it varies greatly with ELO. I have played Flex once in my life, and that is when I misclicked.
Honestly I don't care. If I get mid I ask someone if they want it, if not, I just play Swain to make the other midlaner's life miserable. It's a win-win. Except I don't win. Ever.
To be honest it doesn't matter, even the "privileged" white people have a majority unworthy of being used as reproductive material.  But idk if the guy was a Pole, he was probably just an ironic troll, so I wouldn't be surprised if he was amongst one of the people he discriminated upon. From personal experience I would assume he was Greek bevause of how he talked about Europe being distant to him, and his hate for muslims and Europe would fit an angry greek person.  Until I meet him again, I won't know
From what I've experienced so far, I'd consider him to be like Warwick. You'll see it from time to time, but I don't think it's going to be strictly better to play him top than to play him jungle.
As I said, I will test it with my new, updated build which saves 1-2 seconds and which was thoroughly tested based on how many hits you take etc. Also, I have an idea how to make it work even better than it worked for you, however that much is experimental, and I have to wait until my recently burned finger starts hurting. I will publish the most optimal item build, clear and playstyle in a few days once I have everything ready, and that will include the fastest and healthiest clear, which is probably going to be very different than these, most likely featuring machete and a Q - E - Q - W order, along with Razor - Red - Blue - Wolves - Gromp, healing 3 times, focusing on the lvl 2 Q for Wolves and clearing Gromp last with E up exactly fro the moment when you gank top. But I have to test all of this, so allow me some time to do so. This is just the beginning :)  Also, if I can make Machete work on the clear I mentioned, and I think I will since I go for Blue before Wolves, Machete will be the absolute winner, as it should be.
Depends on your team. I played him recently in low Plat, got the first blood by flashing on a Draven and nomming him, performed kinda well, but my frontline didn't want to take my ult/w and instead walked into the enemy team and died alone... Happened a lot of time with my carry too.  If you have a botlane partner who knows how to play with Tahm, permit the kermit in case of an enemy Thresh or something like that.
Ako si tip koji će ići na pripreme iz mature (dakle, nemaš pojma), onda ne. Ako misliš na pripreme u sklopu školskog gradiva, samo naprijed - ja sam polagao od 10. - 2. mjeseca u 4. razredu, nije bilo problema.  Ali ako planiraš upisati moraš odmah sad - ovisno o autoškoli zna to potrajati i do 6 mjeseci.
Ako imaš ekipu svakako idi. Mislim možda ti se to čini kao preseravanje, al to ti je zadnja formalna stvar prije svadbi, i ako nećeš biti izoliran sigurno ćeš se sjećati.  To da ćeš trebat iskeširat je istina, no nije nemoguće.  Ja sam bio i iako sam se razbio i s time zbruko, mislim da je je i meni a i mojoj ekipi ipak draže što sam bio, upravo zbog sjećanja xD
Kupio monitor, sve korektno, nikakve zamjerke, skoro soma kuna jeftinije nego u RH.
Xayah cuz I was edgy as shit
Evo ja osobno ne znam ni jednog HDZovca zbog kojeg se ne-HDZovci ne iseljavaju. Rjeđi od vilenjaka.
