I've never even seen a cleaver so small. Either that or the slice of bread is gigantic...
Wow, prices have soared. I shot an M60 and an AK (slightly less bullets) for probably less than 30$ a few years back.
Hes sick today so I'm filling in, the only thing is I brought the wrong truck. You'll have to make do with some cacti...  🌵 🌵 🌵 🌵 🌵
My video but not my tablet so win-win? :)
Sorry folks I've only just realised that I linked to the clip 3 minutes in. No idea how I managed that.   Start at the beginning for the full cringe experience...
Thanks, that works but the one that's posted seems a bit more rounded. Its interesting though...
It looks like someone has been on a downvoting spree. I will try to remedy that.  Has anyone ever had steak with a lot of marbling? I never see it in butchers near me but I hear its supposed to be great. Is it all its cracked up to be or just hype?
After many hours in the Greek heat, you'd be lucky if it didn't melt a layer or two of skin off.
This is nice. I had to mute that music though...
[Source](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVa4mlFZEmM) is pretty satisfying also, but this part is sweet. (I stabilized it because I wanted to.)
How's your relationship with your dad now? Have you ever talked about it since?
I stayed in a Days hotel right beside this pile of pallets a month ago. I have a few photos of it being built and there was a huge amount of wood being throw in the middle and then a cone of pyramids all around it. They have multiple bonfires around belfast on that date but this was the biggest one I saw while I was there. You can see the spot on [google maps](https://www.google.ie/maps/@54.591922,-5.936106,3a,22y,36.58h,89.86t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sEK4fYNIdCSTnbwcVmK3YKA!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1) as well.   There was probably triple the amount of pallets ready for construction when I was there compared to the google maps imagery.
[I like the grey one, but darker.](http://i.imgur.com/3GcXp7d.png)
Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam all have a rubbish problem. I saw piles of it in every village I passed an stayed in. Laos as well but to a much lesser degree.   The sea is treated like a dump as well but pf course it eventually ends up on a beach.
I've only used the liquify in PS but its straight forward so probably very similar, would you happen to know any tutorial that would help for the fade/loop?
I'm really struggling with this.
I'd really like to watch a drone pilot fly a mission. Not to see people killed just to see how it all works.
Devils advocate, sometimes signs are put up near the plot and not on the plot. [This plot](https://i.imgur.com/lfHYAMf.jpg) doesn't seem to have good road access at the moment so it *might* be the reason.  I know a few Athlonians and can ask them if they can offer an opinion, unless OP is also from Athlone and can save me the trouble.
I went ahead with the digital optical cable and its working perfectly now. Tv and PC audio coming through loud and clear. Thanks.
I thought he was going to eat it... I'm a little disappointed.
None of my presidents.
Can I have one? I'm all out.
I didn't realise his net worth was in the billions. Hundreds of millions definitely but 5.1 billion is huge.
I was in there earlier, there's some bargains and even a few freebies.   A lot of empty shelves and the basement area is completely empty. It wasn't 60% off everything when I was there. There's plenty of stuff that's 20%, 30% off and some that's not reduced at all.
I was in there earlier, there's some bargains and even a few freebies.  asn't 60% off everything when I was there. There's plenty of stu A lot of empty shelves and the basement area is completely empty. It wff that's 20%, 30% off and some that's not reduced at all.
Extremely depressed.
"Zhen now faces the death penalty for illegal possession of narcotics."  That was a bad day.
Can confirm, I spent a week in Italy recently and they're crazy over there.   No road markings on majority of roads. Practically every car/vehicle had at least one dent. Saw one minor traffic accident and one major head on collision.
I was there recently, they can't even afford an accent you can understand...
[Like this smile?](http://i.imgur.com/gzvK3MY.png)   I can't make this face, I've tried...
And this is how I find out... I looked for some info and theres already photos of the gate where of the he was pinned by his jeep grand cherokee...
I thought I still had that dude on the iceberg open on another tab...
Its been 5 days and no luck yet.
Same here, now I'm worried I have missed others as well...
I'm not even on the same continent. Just curious.
Holy shit, how have I never seen these clips. Just yesterday I enjoyed [Segals brutal AMA](https://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/4i0jso/i_am_actor_steven_seagal_live_from_thailand_ama/) and now this! What a week!  Pretty accurate weight too.
FREAK!  That's pretty cool though. How long can you hold for?
I have a slice of cheese, will that do?
Yeah, the Decwriter was my best guess but as far as I got really. They belong to my Dad so I'll check if he would part with them. Also I'm in Ireland so postage could be expensive.
No room, pillow fort for one.
Get ready to be surprised. I'm not going to try and prove it but I will say that I tried to use the site earlier today and the search function is pretty stupid.   For example if you try and search for available houses to rent in an area it will show you results but then it wipes part of your search criteria so you have to enter the location choices each time. It might be easily fixed but it's a pretty basic thing that should be working.
I just watched his statement on the news, he's clearly shook and very weak at the moment. It's plain to see and you can hear it in his voice.
If that means I get paid more then sure, I'm a cto.
I did fire warden training at work around 2 months ago and saw some pretty crazy videos the trainer had... I've never been more paranoid about leaving things plugged in. Phones, tablets and laptops etc.   Several pretty horrible fires in the trainers presentation showed the aftermath of these items or their chargers catching fire. Granted some of the people had their phone on charge underneath their pillow and this clearly helped the phone to over heat but some were just left on bedside lockers.
Not I.
I'm at work and now over-stimulated. Great work Mr. TwoThree.
Thanks. I've never heard any of those terms.
It's always been debated if F1 or Rally has the most skilled drivers.   Personally I'm always amazed more by Rally because of variety of the surfaces they drive on and yet the speed is still insane.
I know a bar called yolo. It's popular because of its location so it's going to be around for a few more years yet...    The name alone is enough reason for me to never go in.
I was wondering that also, maybe they lucked out and found the dumbest person responsible for a group of computers.
