I don't know if it's the same stuff, but while working at a factory over the summer to help make some money during my college years I had a horrible experience with yellow paint.  "Safety Yellow" it was called, and our job was to paint things around the plant that needed to be safety yellow.  Doors, poles, rails; whatever.    That paint... I literally don't know what it was made of.  It was thick, and somehow sticky.  Not sticky like you'd expect paint to be, but rather tacky.  It seemed when it dried on literally any surface except the surface we were supposed to be painting it would not actually try, and the shit was like glitter.  No matter what you did, no matter how hard you'd try to clean it off, if you got any on your hands or a finger or a few spots on your shirt it *would* find it's way, streaked onto your phone or your wallet or pop up on your steering wheel in your car and always magically end up on your skin in the shower two days later.  For four years I worked with that shit, and I hated every second of it.  Give me the red paint for the heavy fire doors, or the blue paint for the walls, or even the fucking silver and tar paint on the roof; anything but that goddamn yellow paint.  Shit was sentient and chaotic evil.
You may have convinced me to go Eldritch Knight/Wizard instead of pure Eldritch Knight.  The only problem is that I would still want heavy armor because I just like the idea of it, but that way with plate armor and Shield I can be running around most turns in combat with 23 AC.
But that's my point.  I don't believe the entire place is going to shit because a few posts like this make it to the front page.  It's not akin to murder at all.  I saw it and giggled; my experience was made better for it.
Then I like you.
I don't really read it that way, but that just may be my unfair bias.  We weren't there, we don't know the tone of voice or how she usually act.  It *does* feel like the mother is implying that the mother worked so much harder, the child shouldn't feel tired by comparison and so shouldn't be asking to rest/not talk.  Again, that may not be true, but it's certainly the vibe I get.
I tried to follow this video exactly for my anniversary last year.  Ended up deboning the chicken quite successfully and made a great dinner, but I could not ever figure out the lollipop thing.  Just beyond me, no matter how much I tried.
He stagger from a 365 BH?  I literally just upgraded mine last night; got really lucky doing the Nightfall on my alt Warlock and got an etheric light.  Might be able to just have my fireteam keep the adds off me if I can just stagger him for days.
Did the 34.  Actually ended up using Gjallie mostly for the wizards that kept spawning and rushing us.
I was under the impression that 7th Edition very nicely fits in with the codices for 6th without any problems.  But I guess I haven't played a game in a long time so maybe they don't.  Still seems sorta frustrating; I had purchased the Salamanders special edition codex thinking I'd have at least a few years of use for it when I started my salamander army; now I feel like I wasted that money. :/
THIS IS EXACTLY MY PROBLEM WITH MOST OF THE GAUNTLETS; THE ASSYMETRY IS KINDA COOL BUT FUCK I REALLY DIDN'T LIKE HAVING ONE BLACK GAUNTLET AND ONE WHITE GAUNTLET WHEN I WAS WEARING THE DEATHSINGER'S GRASP.
So I, as a monk with access to Disarming Strike through the Martial Adept feat, can indeed disarm using my unarmed strike/Flurry of Blows and the Disarming Attack maneuver?
I was originally going to make my monk an Avatar, but then quickly realized how awful the subclass was and went with a Bruce Lee monk instead.
I was able to do it. It took a LOT of salt.  I'm talking half a can of one of those Morton salt containers with the metal pop spout.  Did tests with a few dice using the water, then choose two of those dice, rolled each of them 100 times (3 times each; so 300 rolls per die) and intend to post the results later in the next day or two after some analysis.
Oh sure; once I hit lvl 8 I'll be wizard 2, so the shield I get won't be very substantial.  I'm planning on going Fighter 8/Wizard 12 though, so I'll have spell slots for a lvl 14 caster.  Thanks!
Unfortunately I have.  I had two absolutely shitty experiences with DMs; one killed me seven times in one campaign, over maybe three or four sessions, before I finally said I wasn't interested anymore and stopped attending.  The other seemed to almost purposely gimp my character in a Rifts campaign.  I was the weakest of the group, could barely scrap by with double digit damage while everyone else ran around with triple digits, and had my one redeeming quality shat on because reasons.  Then I had my magic taken from me, I was killed, then revived, and then re-gifted my shitty magic.  Meanwhile everyone else had their powers taken from them and was gifted absolutely kickass powers.  And I was blamed for that because I "didn't play the game right."  Considering that was my first ever experience with roleplaying ever, maybe that's not entirely my fault.
No, gladly not.  One friend of mine is our go-to DM because he's so good.
I find myself trying to do that a lot.  Example; just last night my dragonborn fighter was setting about to loot a tomb; his employer had instructed him to acquire a particular helm.  In the homebrew setting that my DM has dragonborn see one's spirit as being the true them, and the body is just a vessel.  Once you die the body is little more than a large paperweight made of meat, so dragonborn hold no reverence for people's remains.  They honor their dead by remembering them, which keeps their spirit alive.  So I open this tomb in a land well known for grandma periodically rising from her grave to try and eat the kids, plunge my longsword upon which I casted Light for illumination in the late afternoon) into the ground, and start casting a Detect Magic ritual before I go touching things.  Someone distracts me during the ritual and I purposely turned my back on the tomb to fight the new opponent with my *great*sword and left my longsword right in front of the skeleton.  Because my character *wouldn't have been concerned* about anything happening to it, even though I was fully aware my character was probably going to end up fighting a fairly strong undead by himself, and now it had his sword.
I was commenting the chain of people going "JPIII was better" "Nu-uh TLW was better."  I've found that there are exactly two kinds of JP fans; those who like TLW as the better sequel, and those who like JPIII as the better sequel.  But neither are wrong.
Then I miss stuff. :(
I honestly think people are looking for CGI to be bad because then they aren't "being fooled."  I think this is a subconscious thing.  I myself thought the raptors in the holding restraints looked like bad CGI at first.  Then I realized like an idiot they were animatronic in that scene.  And suddenly I realized I was subconsciously trying to "see" the CGI.  Once I stopped doing that I was able to appreciate how good it was.
I just finished the Baron quest chain and am supposed to go to Skellige now.  Are there lots of cards to buy there?  I've really been wanting to build a Monster deck but can never find cards for it.
Man; I felt like the part where he'd make them stare at /u/TORFdot0 's family and threaten to kill him and them was bad enough; like some crazed murderer would break into the house in a bear suit and fuck with him.  The crab walking just made it worse.
Sorta related; I was around 5 or 6 I think and it was my younger sister's birthday.  We had lots of family over.  My house at the time was a single-floor ranch style, and we had a basement.  [Here's a really shitty layout of the house, which should make this story a tiny bit easier to understand.](http://i.imgur.com/5X4XjPL.jpg)  The birthday party stuff was going on in the basement; that's where pretty much everyone was.  I had to use the bathroom, so I went up the stairs, turned right and then right again to get to the hallway, and started walking down to the bathroom.  I remember it being early to mid evening; not super dark but the sun had mostly gone down.  It was May so probably around 6:00 or 7:00 pm?  Anyway, in order to get to the bathroom you have to walk by my sister's room.  As I walk by her room I casually look in; the door was open so it just seemed natural to do so.  Inside it was dark, but it was light enough outside that I could see.... something sitting on her bed.  It was silhouetted against the window.  I recall it being hairy looking, almost like a wookiee (but again; it was just its silhouette so there were no details or color; it was just black).  And it's eyes were glowing kinda like a cat's; not supernaturally but nocturnally, if that makes sense.  I saw it and then kept walking; didn't even see it for longer than a second.  I got to the bathroom, terrified by what I saw, but did my business.  Then I had to get back to the party.  And I did so; went right by her room.  Only this time I didn't look in; just very quickly hustled back to the kitchen area and to the stairs.  No idea what I saw, why I saw it, what it could mean, or anything.  I DO know that we were keeping coats on top of her bed, but I don't recall it looking like a coat; it was upright.  Whatever it was until I was at least in high school whenever I'd walk by her room at night I'd look into it.  Never saw it or anything like it again, so frankly I have no clue.
Sorry to dig up an old post, but trust me; they did.  They weren't complaining that the article was wrong, though; they were upset that I hadn't included any EVE ships.  Unfortunately I haven't played EVE and purposely tried to stick to IPs that I knew about.
I just lost a long-term friend because she and her husband were pissed that they missed getting a Fallout 4  collector's edition pre-order, started screaming at people on FB, and didn't appreciate me telling them they were being dicks and to calm down.  The fuck is wrong with people?  IT'S A VIDEO GAME!!!!
Oh I agree with you, definitely.  Interestingly, I've discovered a third variant; people who are just now watching the films seem to not like JP as much.  My co-worker, for example, never really saw them but wanted to see all three before seeing JW; after seeing JP and TLW she told me she didn't *hate* JP, but thought it was kinda boring most of the time and didn't like it nearly as much as TLW.  She's much more of an action-fan, so I suppose I see why.
/r/mensrights and /r/feminism should be getting along great, because feminism is about equal rights for everyone, man or woman.  The problem is the couple of feminazis and misogynist assholes who make both groups look like insane and controlling idiots.  I'm a man *and* a feminist who cares about men's *and* women's rights; they aren't mutually exclusive and shouldn't be.
It's super cereal shit like this that makes it impossible for me to stay with a guild.  I game to have fun; once you start turning it into a job I'm not having fun anymore.
Unfortunately I can't open that at work, but I do believe you.  Which is weird, because I know I've encountered solar burn on him before.  It's possible I'm just thinking of that rainbow burn from a while ago, but that doesn't seem right.  Oh well.
This is so weird to me.  I meant *always* like "it's always been a thing that he could have had it".  I'm really trying to figure out why I remember so distinctly a solar burn Valus.  Maybe someone was just *talking* about it, and that entered my brain as fact?    Well, I apologize.
There needs to be a big change.  A big statement, and I agree with you; not playing for one day isn't that statement.  I'm so torn; I really do enjoy the game and I really do enjoy playing it with my friends, but now I feel like I *shouldn't* be playing it and I don't want to reward Bungie for this behavior, and either way I'm sure my friends will all refuse to play it so even if I did want to keep going I wouldn't have as much fun anyway.
You and I are practically the same person.  I didn't get the CE (yet) because I was still thinking about whether I should be an adult or a fanboy.  The game is so fun to play, I really enjoy it; whatever its shortcomings I love playing it.  But now... after I've been insulted by an asshole who probably gets to keep his job anyway....  And one of the other horrible things about this?  Most of my friends moved on from the game a while ago.  I was able to convince my roommate to keep playing, and my gf still plays with me.  They are my fireteam, but with this bullshit I don't see either of them getting TTK.  And as such I don't see myself having anyone to play with except randoms.  And that's not going to be fun for me.    I really hate this situation, and maybe it's shallow but I can't help but blame Luke smith for it.  $40 for the expansion; that's not completely unreasonable.  But everything else?  Fuck that noise.
Hey I'm heterocurious myself; ain't nothing wrong with sucking a little dick.  But if that dick were Crota's?
I WAS VERY SURPRISED AND PLEASED WHEN I TRIED IT OUT, BUT THAT SAID I STILL GOT MY FATHER TO GET ME A TURTLEBEACH HEADSET FOR XBONE FOR CHRISTMAS SOON AFTER.  I CAN'T IMAGINE HOW HE FEELS KNOWING THAT HIS 24 YEAR OLD SON ALWAYS ASKS FOR GAMING STUFF FOR CHRISTMAS BUT FUCK IT THE HEADSET WORKS GREAT AND I DON'T LIKE SPORTS ANYWAY.
I HAD A FANG OF IR YUT DROP FOR ME NOT TOO LONG BEFORE HOW DROPPED; I SHARDED IT BECAUSE I LIKED MY OVERSOUL EDICT AND WASN'T A FAN OF SCOUT RIFLES THEN AND NEEDED THE MATS FOR SOMETHING ELSE.  I'M A HORRIBLE STUPID FUCKING IDIOT AND I SHOULD DIE IN A FIRE.
Do they *still* do that?  Because I'm 90% sure my friend had our dilos set to follow him, starting farming for meat and hide, and they would still eat everything that he (and they) killed.  I think they were set to "attack his target" so maybe that's a problem?  What else should they be set to?
I also got mine from the Summer Sale.  Last day of it, too.  I don't like the glasses, though.  *shrug*
Honestly myself and my tribe do well with 5 or 6 dilos.  I think our lowest is lvl 10 and our highest is lvl 48 or so (got lucky with her).
I wouldn't call this gamebreaking, but when mounting a raptor and wearing hide gloves I noticed that my "arms" were apparently left floating in the air from where I mounted.  [Pics.](http://imgur.com/a/kwmk8)  I noticed this happened again at least one other time as well.
Here's [a crappy pic of the Carbo saddle](http://i.imgur.com/BeJLuSP.jpg); sorry that it's not more optimal.  Was just a shot I grabbed earlier while my tribe was moving location.
ELEPHANTS ARE BIGGER IN PERSON!
I definitely would have picked it up if it were available on Xbox One or PC.
If I may ask, what are you playing on; PC or console?  If it's PC, I felt exactly the same way you did about the controls; really clunky and difficult to play.  I was having a hard time in combat.  But then I plugged in an Xbox controller and suddenly I was rolling, dodging, swinging, firing spells; all very smooth and I felt like an actual skilled combatant instead of a floundering Magikarp out of water.  I think the game just doesn't play well with a mouse and keyboard.
If it's a commercial mask, I actually need one for a Thanatos cosplay.  wish I could get one.
I have an incredibly stupid one: it's a plain-looking wooden bowl, large enough for one person.  When anyone... erm... well when you defecate into the bowl the contents are converted into completely sanitary and edible stew or soup, the exact variety changing depending on the race that did it.  Dwarves create a hearty beef stew, elves a hearty vegetable soup, tieflings a spicy chili, humans a simple but warming chicken and rice soup, etc.  If you can get a merfolk to do it the bowl will be filled with creamy clam chowder.  Why, you may ask?  Saw it in a "stupid magic items" list somewhere, included the change of soup depending on race clause, and then handed it to a PC.  They.... they didn't seem to know what to actually do with it.
&gt; Telling your dm that you don't enjoy being rendered completely useless for an entire session should resolve the issue.  Or an entire game.  I was in a Rifts game once with some friends.  Rolled a pyromage.  Part of my abilities as a pyromage is completely immunity to fire, both for myself and what I was wearing.  Right in the book.  Damn GM sent some people to kill us on the first session.  The person in question was lobbing fireballs at us.  I jumped behind everyone as they ran with the intent of blocking the blast for them; nearly die.  DM rolls an insane amount of dice.  I point out that I'm immune to fire.  "This is magical fire; half of it still hurts you."  Later on I realize that I literally cannot survive longer than a round in combat.  I request a magical cloak which basically makes me immune to physical damage; it's in the book and all.  GM is hesitant but then lets me have it.  Well that's good at least.  Next combat comes around after I acquire it, I "flame on" as it were.  He *immediately* tries to tell me that the cloak bursts into flames and is destroyed.  I had to pull out the book and read aloud the passage that very clearly explains that myself *and everything I am wearing* has immunity to fire.  Rest of the party were broken with house-ruled gear and abilities.
I wish I could enjoy it, but now thinking about the game just results in complete anger because of that bullshit campaign.    Everyone in that game kept telling me I was being too strict about the rules in the book.  Not like I was a rules lawyer, but rather that I focused too much on what the book said I was allowed to do instead of doing other cooler things like everyone else did.    The example given was one of the other PCs, who was a muscular woman who wielded two giant wrecking balls on chains.  The previous session there were flocks of dragons in the air.  She used one wrecking ball to hit one dragon in the head, then used the momentum to soar up and then hit another dragon with the second wrecking ball, used that momentum, etc.  So she was high in the air and just whacking dragons in the face.  Meanwhile, I was on the ground failing all my combat rolls against minions, trying to "make a blast of fire" or whatever the book told me my various attacks were. "There aren't rules for what Cathy did," said the GM about the wrenching-ball girl, "Do stuff like that."  Okay, fine.  Next session we were fighting a large sand monster in a confined room.  When my turn came to fight I described how I wanted to fill the room with fire and turn the entire space into an oven, spin the inferno around the sand monster, and cook it into solid glass.  That, I thought, was creative and not in the rules.  GM said good, that's better.  Allowed it, the monster was glass now.   I was happy.  And then he had it break free and keep attacking us.  "Don't worry you did damage."  Fuck that game.  And that's not even the worst thing that happened in that game.
I don't know if I should click these at work...
In my homebrew setting magic and money are inherently linked through residuum.  Residuum is literally magic dust, a glittering blue/purple/white substance that resembles a fine powder.  It can be used in spellcasting as well as the creation of magic items and writing magic spells.  Some spells have a gold cost associated with their casting, and that is because money is inherently imbued with magical power. Real money can be broken down and used in spell-work and for copying spells like any other component, the coins breaking down easily into impure residuum when exposed to the twists of arcana accompanying a spell.  Some mages keep impure residuum on their person in a component pouch, allowing them to use the magical substance as the material component for some spells.  As such, residuum is measured in its gold cost, and it can be used in place of any monetary component in spellwork (provided there is enough residuum to "front the cost").  **Wizards can mix residuum with any available viscous liquid (often dirt and water, non-magic ink, plant extract, or even blood) to create the fine and subtly magical inks needed to properly copy spells into a spell book.**  This is how I explain the gold cost of copying a spell; the wizard in question breaks down a certain amount of gold into residuum, mixes that into some sort of viscous liquid, and this creates the magical inks needed to copy that spell.  A PC could also, however, walk into a town and purchase a certain amount of finely-made magical ink if they wanted to.
I feel terrible, but so you know he never actually said that.  Still, I'm sure the sentiment was real.
