I'm so conflicted about this comment.  I somewhat agree, but I'm sure I could have heard similar statements 40+ years ago about behavior/setting that is now unacceptable.  &gt;If you have a problem with people groping your ass, then maybe working in an office is not the job for you.  edit: flight attendant is maybe a better example.  And there's no true "line" between looking and touching. Both can be inappropriate or appropriate depending on the setting/intention.
My peanut butter fetish is something else entirely. I won't get into that here, but I gave my reasons for my pronunciation above.
It's a throwaway account, which explains half of it.
I forsee a [Cube](http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/13/NISSAN_cube.jpg) in your future.  Honestly, I've always wanted to see one of those turned into a sleeper.
I was just checking your "break" and I think it's spelled "brake."
I don't, but I work for Nissan and knew that there was a local Z group, so I wanted to find it for you.
Just added details.   I'm doing a similar thing, taking a good car and only doing modifications that will play nice with an SR20VE, since I hope to do that transplant when the stock engine goes. It's already got 279k miles on it, lol.  Do you ever frequent http://www.sr20-forum.com?
Throughout my reading, I had learned of most of those, but some were news to me. Thanks!  I hadn't heard about the under-seat tray, but I probably won't worry about it as.. I've already bought NX seat rails, and I plan to put them in at the same time as the B14 buckles.  Are those other HVAC controls only compatible with electronic ones? Mine has cable actuated temp, recirc, and vent.
Welp, I've got a new goal.
I wanted to find the quote, because I didn't remember it.  &gt;Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
I just won the game.
I like being grammatically correct, but I put an apostrophe in the possessive "its" for a long time, since non pronoun possessives need one.
I was mowing a lawn, pulling the mower along the edge of a fence.  I tripped over the bottom part of a slide, lost my balance and fell backwards, instinctively clutching onto the mower in order to try to regain my balance.  I fell backwards, and since I kept a hold of the mower, I pulled it over my left foot, when it makes that terrible sound that mowers make when your run over something solid and shuts off.
I posted mine bc I didn't think anyone else was. I'll leave it to you.
If you're replacing functioning lightbulbs, you're doing something wrong.  No LED bulb that I've bought since I started in 2011 has failed, nor should they for another 20 something years.  I wont be buying more lightbulbs unless I move to a place that needs more light bulbs.
Last I heard, he was in Barbados!
The closest thing I get is Home Depot's website.  Set your store, find the item, and it will tell you where it is.   So many times, I walk the aisles in vain, only to whip out my phone, search the site, click the item, then I can see where it is on a floorplan for the store.
I guess I still haven't crafted any Roy goggles, so I can do that and make sure that I have all the recipes lit up.  Then maybe collect more badges? idk  I NEED MASCOT MORTY.
I [built my own](https://www.reddit.com/r/Frugal/comments/2ohvex/alternative_to_mattresses/cmncbwl) memory foam mattress for about $350 (queen).
"My good chum."
Good thing it's Saturday. This game is going to go past my bedtime.
[I HAVE PEOPLE SKILLS](https://media4.giphy.com/media/P8YZN6CLFH4pa/giphy.gif)
My HS friend faked cancer to hide his bulimia. Best of both worlds!   He was "outed"  when my friends were chatting with his mom about how tough Thanksgiving must have been, but she was clueless about it all.
I doubt that this will find its way to the top of /r/hockey with all of the other interesting news around, but having gone to the Bridgestone arena a handful of times for Preds games, the new lights are noticeable.  Most noticeable is the cooler ambient temperature since LEDs produce much less heat than Incans, Halogens, etc.  The light quality seems good, but the second most noticeable quality is the fact that they consist of/include RGB panels, so the light guy gets to have some more fun with them.
Just got to the fan fair store. Scott shirts are totally sold out.
[I'm so close I can almost taste Big John](http://imgur.com/gmNmSDR)
I only threw an insult.   He didn't hear me :(
whom*  edit: I'm a grammar nazi and proud of it.
You're making assumptions.  I do trust myself with firearms.  I enjoy shooting at the range.  I've also had loved ones threatened by unstable people wielding guns.  I believe that the barrier to obtaining a firearm should be higher and more universal to reduce those instances, as well as those for mass shootings for the reasons I previously described.
Two of my top three are about the word "gif."  Also, now this same comment (twice) has over 5100 comment karma.
I'd start out at Tribe and Play, plan to spend time at the event at Public Square Park, then walk from there to downtown to get your fix of karaoke/honky tonks.  You should probably check out the 5 Points Area too (3crow, red door, treehouse) and maybe also the 12th South area.
I thought that was Jaime's move.  edit: I somehow got it in my head that Jaime kicked Bran out the window.
Hopefully not us?  oh shit, this comment was at 76 points a second ago and I felt a strange feeling, um, downstairs.
I've got a blank one that'll get numbered as soon as he officially claims 76.
Our Weber's turn?
They'd tickle me until I got hiccups.   I always get hiccups if you tickle me enough.
Me too, especially not his outstretched leg.
You know that moment with John Scott laughing at Kane's boos?  I was about 10ft from that, and it was freaking glorious.
To me, it just sounded like you were complimenting both teams, then complaining about the wins you were getting because you didn't like the way that you were winning more than any other team.  It's hard hear that while supporting a team that's being so disappointing.  But I'm just a salty, dense, troll.
1. I don't use automatic car washes  2. What "high-velocity machinery" exists in an auto wash?   2. Car washes don't use bleach.  3. Driving is different than washing.  4. You shouldn't drive into oncoming traffic. Stay in your own lane, plz.
I was only able to record them sometimes, so I'm sure I missed some highlights from both sides. I try to show some good highlights from both teams normally.
I couldn't navigate to it, but I'm at work, so the .tv url is probably the culprit.
I painted my windows and now I can't see out.
Sorry, I was waiting for a replay, but it didn't come.
Ouch, this one hurts.
As someone who likes giving bad advice: if that bet involves you drinking perhaps too much absinthe, I say do it!
I'M HAPPY THAT MY TEAM IS THE WESTERN CONFERENCE CHAMPION AND ONE OF TWO TEAMS WHO CAN STILL WIN THE CUP.
hey cutie!
My stream's being kinda dodgy. I missed the first goal.
Understandable. I wasn't able to make replays for Game 2, but my Game 1 replays were well-received.  In general, I'm not too worried about it.
