I'm sad. I used to really enjoy Colts Mild, Wine &amp; Rum. Before having kids, I enjoyed them occasionally at backyard BBQs with friends.  Since I had kids, I stopped all together. I looked forward to kicking them out of the house at 18, and enjoying them again. Sadly, no more.  I guess I will have the option to drive down to the U.S. and pick some up there.
I was never a smoker. I just enjoyed a smoke with friends. I didn't take smoke breaks at work. I didn't smoke in my idle time. Maybe once a month while drinking I would have a smoke.
Gather your documentation and head down to your local government office. They did the same thing to me years ago. They want to see evidence of your current address.
A few months back I needed to catch 7am train from Union, and I don't live downtown. The night before I load Beck's app on my phone, and request a reservation for pickup at 5:30am. I then CALL Beck, and verbally confirm the reservation. Yes, they see my request, and confirm someone will be at my front door by 5:30 am.  Next morning....nothing. At 5:31am, I call Beck. Oh, sorry! We missed it! Someone is on their way. They didn't show up until 5:45am.  The taxi industry can suck it.
They are protesting next Sunday down at Queens Park. I'll be there to counter-protest.
I've read a lot of horror stories about service over Roger's cable which is why I stick with DSL over Bell's lines. Never had an issue.
We just came back from a great camping trip at Killarney, and have another two camping trips planned this summer for Bon Echo and Presqu'ile.   I did think of a single night somewhere if they have a decent lake for fishing.
Yes, I live in the area. I often have to travel out of the area for decent ethnic food.
One of the biggest things for me is kid friendly with lots of tables.  Another is unique food. I'm all about that unique experience. Mad Mexican offers some nice entrees that are different than most Mexican places.
http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-33001425  I don't know if this is what is being referred to, but it was in the news just yesterday.  It's really scary is how prominent Christianity still is on native reserves.
Where is the roti shop? The only roti shop I know of in the area is across from the Walmart (not part of The Junction), and it's way overpriced.
I would love a McD's drive-thru on the way to work. Unfortunately, I'm stuck with Tims.
&gt; Later, feeling guilty and avoiding eye-contact as I pass her leaving the store with my purchase.   I'll never understand people's inability to stand up for themselves and say "No thank you". Every time someone asks me for a donation or to sign up for a credit card at the checkout, I respond with a polite firm "No thank you". Done!  There has never been additional pressure after that. Never a look of disappointment or faux shaming from the cashier. Maybe I've been lucky? If anybody ever did try to shame me for saying no, I have no issues making a scene in the store and shaming them.
My point is that many people would be offended by the use of the word Allah, yet have zero consideration for those of us that don't want any reference to religion. They think God is okay, but Allah is bad, which doesn't make any sense.
He is a testament to the amount of abuse a human body can take, and still live.
Regulations are only worthwhile if they are enforced. I've had taxi cabs try to scam me, get lost, have cars that feel like they are about to fall apart, driver falling asleep at the wheel, etc, etc.
There are going to be a lot of empty seats for sure. I went online to look at tickets. Anything worthwhile is already gone, and tickets for preliminaries are way too expensive.
I do use the Remember my password option on my home systems. On my phone, there is an option for a PIN # so you don't have to remember a long password.
My 4GB iPod mini (yes, I still have one connected to my car stereo) holds about 900 songs.  A 64GB iPod touch can hold 14,000+ songs. Average song is 3 minutes. That's 720 hours of music.  If you need more storage than that on a portable music device, you need to be more selective of what you are carrying around.
Interesting! Hopgood's Foodliner - never heard of them, but they are just around the corner from me in Roncesvalles. Their prices seem reasonable. Will have to try them.  EDIT: I just noticed #8 and #11 are the exact same restaurant. OOPS!
I have a hard enough time walking around Walmart pushing a shopping cart holding a coffee.
A lot of what I've learned about cars is from Youtube videos and my unwillingness to pay high labour costs to a garage.  Be aware, if you do wish to undertake your own auto repairs in the future, you will have to make an investment in tools. You can build up your arsenal slowly over the years, but initially it will probably be a few hundred dollar.  Changing oil is NOT worth doing yourself. There are places that will do an oil change for under $30, and that includes the filter. If you do it yourself, it will easily cost more than that.  But other things you can often do yourself. Changing tires, replacing brakes, replacing spark plugs. I've changed my struts (shocks), water pump, starter motor, muffler, and more! All just by taking my time, reading forum posts, and watching Youtube videos.  Changing brakes on an old Saturn? Canadian Tire said $700. I bought my own parts and did it in my driveway for about $150 if I recall correctly.
$170 to change the oil on a mini? Good grief!  My Toyota dealer will do my SUV for $50.
I use to commute on a four lane street. To and from work was a headache with cars constantly trying to jack rabbit to get ahead.  Then they changed it to two lanes + bikes lanes. Traffic went faster! Everyone stayed in line and just moved! It was incredible. But people automatically assume few lanes = slower traffic.
Long live comedy graduates of 2002!  Great to see you are still involved in comedy Helder. Some of us are desk slaves.
I am happy that I didn't know this.
If a kid comes up to my door with chocolate covered almonds or vanilla girl guide cookies, I'm pulling out my wallet!
I've met a lot of Liberal and NDP selfish pricks.
I've had too many issues with software buttons. I like having a couple hardware buttons to hard reboot misbehaving hardware.
I looked into DSC, found out they use Dorco blades, and went directly to Dorco. Ordered the 2, 3, and 4 blade options. Tested them out. I found the 2-blade was good enough, and the wife preferred the 3-blade.  Ordered a bunch of blades to last a year. Super inexpensive, and decent quality.
My son rarely ever fights. My wife and I have been more and more frustrated with the school administration over the year. They escalate everything to 11 with our son. He's a 7yo kid that needs supervision and guidance.   We tell the school be firm with him. Make him work. But then they complain that he is a goof ball in class. A class clown. I tell the teacher to deal with him. Put him in a corner to work. Keep him in for recess. Detention. Whatever, but be FIRM with him. The teacher doesn't seem to understand how to do this, and only brings up these issues at the parent/teacher meetings throughout the year.  The principal is quick to pull the trigger when my son does something wrong, but is willing to let the girl off? Look within myself? WTF?
Plus I'm in Canada, and DSC charges more for shipping my way. By ordering a year's worth in one batch, I saved a lot.
When the principal escalated everything to 11 a while back with our son, he told us that School Board policy tied his hands. He wasn't allowed to make that judgment call. ANY genital contact had to be flagged as sexual abuse. He had called the police and CAS before talking to me or my wife.  So now a girl knees my son in the genitals, and his attitude of "It wasn't sexual, so I don't have to follow the school board policy." That tells me he DOES have discretion on what to report, and what he put my son through was completely unacceptable.
No. This is the first fight he's been in at school.
The police officer came for the first incident. Got the report from the principal. Talked to us. Pretty much rolled his eyes at the situation. He knew there was nothing sexual or malicious about that first incident. He talked to our son to emphasize the seriousness of the issue.  CAS was called. The principal said they would come take a statement from us. They would visit us at home. We never saw or heard anything from them. They probably read the police/school report and rolled their eyes as well.  I agree that calling the police and CAS is completely ridiculous in both cases. Unfortunately I can't let the school do it to my son and give a pass to a girl.
To add to this, my wife works overnights at a Loblaws stocking shelves. Everyone doing the overnight shift is a minimum wage, part time grunt, because they don't want to pay for full time + benefits.  They constantly ask her to work full-time hours (40+ hours, 5 nights/week), but say it's still a part-time position. She of course says no way. Part-time is part-time.  You don't see the overnight crew working, but without them, there would be a LOT of empty shelves.
Still more expensive with less usage than my current deal with Teksavvy.
I have an 11yo iPod mini supplying music to my car stereo. Maybe one day I'll take a picture of it for karma.
Actually, I do. It's the closest I will get to the Olympics.  http://panam.cbc.ca/news/article/article=pan-games-have-olympic-implications.html  &gt; The results of the Pan-Am Games will impact the 2016 Olympic qualification for 15 sports, with 10 of those getting a direct bid to Rio.
Well that's strange because my wife has already been told the store she is working at will be closed during the strike, and non-union will be consolidated into a couple of other stores.
&gt; the last two big 'busts' the CRTC has had have been relatively well-meaning organizations that have screwed up  Nope! The rules of CASL are very clear. Where I work, we had training specifically on CASL. All our email communications have a very highly visible way to unsubscribe. Our email database includes information specifically in regards to consent to communicate.  The problem those two big organizations have is that they don't take things like CASL seriously, and upper management doesn't care until they get a slap on the wrist.
Note to self: avoid provincial parks on this day. I anticipate them being overrun by people who somehow can't justify spending $20 max ( [yes, $20 max!](http://www.parkreports.com/fees/dayuse/2015)) to enjoy mother nature.
Video store selection is abysmal compared to The Pirate Bay and Kick Ass Torrents.  For the Christmas break, I downloaded as many children's holiday specials I could. I ended up loading 30 various cartoon and claymation movies into our media play for the family to watch ad nauseum during the holidays.  EDIT: Yes, I understand I'm a pirate. I also dumped a lot of money at movie theatres over the holidays. I just bought the Star Wars soundtrack on iTunes. I pay for Netflix. The industry needs to play catch-up and make it easier to purchase and use video media. I won't pay for DRM restricted video from iTunes or other sources.
$8 gives me unlimited access to more children's shows than I could ever need for my kids. I don't have cable or satellite TV.
We could argue all day on these points. I'll say "Yes, they were unprepared.", and you'll counter argue, and we will most likely never come to a meeting of minds.   During TTC strikes in the city of Toronto, it is damn near impossible to get a taxi here because they are so busy. The service of taxis is rendered pretty much useless to the majority of people because of their inability to raise pricing to quell demand.
Lowest common denominator education. It's also why kids don't know what the proper primary colours are. I called out my son's Grade 1 teacher on this. She said "cyan and magenta are too hard to spell, so we stick with blue and red".
Linux is painful to use for the a non-techie person. I'm a techie person, and I find Linux frustrating as all hell.   Just recently, I set up a Raspberry Pi as a print server, and just trying to force a fixed IP address required me to edit files at the command level.
I blame my lack of coffee this morning.
*Cringe*  Ryan Doyle on 1010 and Carroll on 640 are enough to drive me to drink from evenings.  Maybe I need to start listening to CBC Radio One on the drive home.
In Ontario, that's very illegal. Unfortunately, there aren't enough government resources to crack down on shady landlords.
