Actually he probably would. One of my logging buddies had a tree fall on him three months or so back and once it healed was back out there. A couple weeks after he got back one of his buddies died on the job. Still went back. It's almost as if people can be aware of the risk and still make a choice on their own despite said risk.
Yeah I embellish all the time after getting my head slammed directly into the boards. Fuck right off, Tanev doesn't embellish.
I posted this in another thread but I'm going to repost it because it seems relevant enough and anything I said on this thread would just be a re-hash of the same thing so:   "Between Bo and Sven ramping up production and still having the scoring Sedin and both Markstrom and Miller playing lights out, Vey and Etem showing chemistry, Burrows sparking, and Sutter getting close to come back then yeah we're definitely no longer gonna be in the running for Matthews. We may not win every game but we are winning games, and getting points when we're not.    We survived through a myriad of injuries and are slowly getting back to full health and are actually getting some secondary scoring (to the point where Bo Bae Vrbata are essentially our first line now). We got hit hard earlier this year because the kids weren't doing much, Vrbata was snake bitten, Higgins was here, and we had injuries left right and Center. Biega is in and Weber is out, and Prusts days as a Canuck may be numbered. Miller is back in attack mode.    Unless we get another wave of injuries I'd say we're looking at a 10-15 pick (possibly lower if we make the playoffs), which I'm totally okay with. We got Shink at 24, McCann at 24, Demko at 36, so long as we nab some draft picks by the deadline we'll be good. Despite a top heavy Top 5, this draft year is deep and any picks from 10-35 and even beyond are looking solid. Priority being defencemen of course, but BPA is BPA."
Yeah I checked the rest of the lines immediately after commenting and changed my comment. That's what I get for commenting after reading just the headline!
Back in the doghouse Vey holy fucking shit.
Fair enough, all solid points. I obviously can't speak for the other guy but I guess I just misinterpreted a lot of what it sounds like Harrison said. Sorry for that and thanks for explaining!
I check during commercials or stoppages of play otherwise I only take in like half of the game.
I'm Canadian and I say fuck em. What do we have to apologize for? Making it to the Stanley Cup Finals? Fuck outta here.
The original was definition waaaay better. The follow up was good buy incredibly sloppy and his wrist technique is awkward and stiff. Both good, but the original was by far the better performance.   Also calling the piece not difficult is just a humble brag. It's a difficult piece, and he didn't even have it mastered. It's not the most difficult piece ever, that's for sure, but that doesn't make it elementary.   I had to play that song on trumpet and it was difficult, mainly because of the tempo. Musically speaking it's pretty straight forward, but that doesn't mean it's not difficult.
Lol okay buddy. Kid Cudi has been washed up for years. Saw him live and the dude forgot the lyrics to nearly every song. Embarrassing.
You have good parents.
It's great during summer. especially if you like hiking, fishing, hunting, etc. Relatively cheap as well in comparison to Vancouver. Other than that though there is little upside. Fine place to settle down though if that's what you're looking for.   Be prepared for more rain than Vancouver though. By a lot.
Hahahaha wow yeah totally missed that. My bad.
Very lucky.
Funny, I was actually thinking to myself the other day "wow it's been a while since I've read a report on some cop using excessive force" and wondered whether they just weren't being reported or if it had gotten any better out there. Guess that answers that.
Baertschi is the only reason I'm okay with the Shinkaruk trade. Karma, I guess.
All you had to do was watch some of those 13 games last season when he was injured. Super depressing.
Sooooo what is Arizona giving us to jump up to #5? And why the fuck would we trade down all the way to #12?  Edit: disregard, I'm an idiot.
I'm speaking from Edmonton's perspective, not Calgary's.
...KneeJerk_Canuck is this your alternate?
How did you get involved with them?
Once a week, typically on Mondays. But yes, when they're on their missions they're not supposed to be distracted by their families or friends and are supposed to be doing their work.
Yeah what's even going on with you guys right now? Do you think you'll be doing a tear down in the next few years or just try to force through it? You have some good pieces but at the same time there's not a whole lot going on.   Ottawa is the team I pick in Be A GM mode if I'm looking for a challenge. Obviously not real life, but still.
Honestly, I haven't been disappointed with any of the moves so far. Obviously the McCann trade caught me off guard but I get what they're going for and I'm excited to see how it plays out.   The draft is going to be an interesting day and even after the Trade Deadline and the Draft Lottery I still haven't learned not to get my hopes up.   Here's to an exciting offseason.
God, I want a Seattle team so fucking bad. Cmon Pacific Northwest rivalry!
According to some users on here our draft should have gone   1) Matthew Tkachuk   2) Ty Ronning  3) Ty Ronning  4) Ty Ronning   5) Ty Ronning   Personally I like it. I really like Abols, Juolevi was the near-consensus best defenceman in the draft although some leaned towards Sergachev, and I like the look of a few of the others, granted, that's just from their EliteProspects page, which, atm is all pretty much any of us are judging these kids on.
Yeah see I didn't have Twitter so him being on it made no difference to me. It's crazy to think people would subconsciously or consciously choose players based on their Twitter game.   I think currently him and Markstrom are similar but yeah Markstrom definitely is a more talented goalie imo. Definitely the right choice to make, especially when Lacks agent was looking for starter money from the Canucks.
That's fucking hilarious because I tried explaining to an Oilers fan that it would take more than 4th Overall to get Shattenkirk and I was downvoted to oblivion. Then the organization offers Taylor fucking Hall and the only thing that stops the deal is Shattenkirk not wanting to sign in Edmonton.
And that right there is the problem. Ownership meddling. I know all about how shitty and frustrating that can be.
Damnit do I have to make an alternate soon or what
There can be fault in any teams jersey. I didn't say that from some moral superiority pedestal. Canucks historically have had terrible jerseys. Not a single one iconic. We were literally just talking on our subreddit about what kind of changes we would like to see. It's irrelevant, because I wasn't speaking on Edmontons or Nashvilles jerseys *as a Vancouver fan* in some weird way to slam a rival team. I was saying it as me, a person, not liking the colours and the way they pop on television and my personal opinions on that subject. Literally nothing to do with Vancouver or any self-identifying fandom.
I always trade him to the Habs as the first thing I do in GM mode in NHL 17
I was watching Team America today and seeing all the celebrities teaming up with world leaders hit way too close to home. Oh by the way Hollywood released yet another bullshit video today.
I literally saw it happen just a month ago when I saw Rogue One. Also seen it in Avengers, Lord of the Rings, etc.. Guess it depends who's in the theatre.
His eye movements and facial expressions reminded me a lot of Lauren Deluca or whatever the fuck her name was.
My grandfather died under Mussolini, Trump is no him.
It was illegal to have more than one child, hence the killing. My friend worked at an orphanage in China for ten years. All baby girls or any sort of birth defect. Most didn't make it to the orphanage.
Yeah as a Canadian with a ton of family in Alberta this is great news.
*He* didn't go bankrupt, certain businesses of his did, as did a ton of people during the nineties crash. Including Steve Jobs and Warren Buffett. Hell, he was the Comeback Kid of America. Life is full of adversity. Battling through it and succeeding despite setbacks is part of the American dream.
Yeah I haven't used the deport button like this since early November. Mods are asleep apparently.
Yep I've been moderating pro-choice for a long time and my girlfriend is super pro-choice but we just watched that and even she was like what. The. Fuck.
This has never been more apparent than during this election cycle. Got called a dirty, poor, mid southern American redneck racist that has never been outside the US and will probably live and die in the county I was born in..   I'm from Canada.   They genuinely hate their fellow Americans. You would never find me talking like that about someone from Manitoba or Saskatchewan. I can't even fathom how they can have so much hate for people they've probably never even met. Crazy shit.
I still don't personally get why everyone was so miffed about that. They usually point to the whole "a moon fell on him" bit, but in a universe where stations can blow up planets, ships can blow up solar systems, and planets can 360 no scope the entire Republic, what's unbelievable about using gravity to pull a moon into a planet?   IMO, Chewies death was well set up, well executed, and they did a good job dealing with the aftershocks of his death. Sure it sucked to have Chewbacca died but personally I was more miffed when Anakin died than Chewbacca.
Most of what they're saying is just Canadian slang so unless you're from there it's pretty hard to keep up with a lot of it lol. As someone from here, it's so spot on it's ridiculous.
Everything gets politicized these days. It's fucking embarrassing, especially for Canada. We're not known for this. We don't have a history of this. Such a sad day for Canadians everywhere. I called my mother and she was crying talking about having just seen it on the news.
I wanted Laura Ingraham.
I'm actually really worried about Emilia Clarke after Terminator Genysis.
Are you seriously suggesting it's hyperbolic grandiose hero worship to suggest that a guy can choose to not drink alcohol after he watched his older brother consumed by it?   I watched my older brother get destroyed by heroin and vowed never to do it. Am I suddenly a Kim Jong Un level character? Is the concept of going straight edge really that alien a concept for you?
Didn't make my list as a mock draft as to which teams are gonna take whom I just made my list for how I would pick. Also wanted to do something a little different than what everyone else was doing.
I listen to them all but honestly have no idea which of them is which. They're all just the TSN voices to me. I don't listen to their shows for them though, just their guests. Specifically, Button, Ferraro, McKenzie, etc and of course when they have on team members or management.   Again, don't know which is which, but I REALLY don't like one of the TSN voices. Always makes things seem like a bigger deal then they are and puts way too much emotion into sentences that don't warrant it. Too much inflection. Hard to describe.
