I'm ready to spend 10 hours of my life clearing out the metro tunnels to see if they're all connected
I was truly expecting Iverson as the front page player for us
Maybe.  I've tried to block those things from my mind
I was kind of surprised when lebron tackles curry on those last possessions and they spin it as "curry ran into lebron"
You'll find other frat bros at your job if you look hard enough.  Or a sorority sister.  I've come across more sisters in the after life, tbh
I'm gonna start off with the fact that I'm a huge Sixers fan.  But I'm gonna put my bias aside:  Wiggins is a big deal. KAT is going to be a big deal.  Rubio can't shoot the ball but his job is to distribute.  Anthony Bennett still has potential.  Zach Lavine is whatever, but he would be the second best (active) player on the Sixers right now.  It's very possible that Saric doesn't come over until 2017-2018, where he would get a fresh deal that's not influenced by the rookie scale.  Embiid can be the best player on either team, but I need to see him finish the season. With his navicular bone intact.     Like I said, Wolves and it's not close right now.  But the Sixers have some very interesting dice rolls coming to them in the next couple of years that could make them better than the Wolves
this is the closest thing I have to basketball for a week.  the stream is definitely interesting
the white one looks so damned fresh.  i love all three.  i want to buy one, I'm just hesitant on who to get because, ya know, Hinkie
you know, maybe it because I literally spent fall/winter/spring watching those goons, but I think at least one of them can develop into a role player.  Jakarr started to look better down the stretch.  Canaan is whatever and I hear good things about McRae.  We'll see
I'd like to see Jimmy Butter or Kawhi on the squad.  We have lots of space and lots of money.  Hell jimmy, we will give you a short contract and then some
it has a lot to do with the fact that southern middle pennsylvania is a stone's throw away from central west virginia, central maryland, and northern virginia.  that mix just cant be good  I think the Gettysburg area televises Nationals games, to give you a perspective
I feel pretty good about it, honestly.  Or about as good as someone can feel when the lottery becomes their playoff season.   But if I'm being real the thing that scares me the most are the Lakers potentially getting Cousins.  That will keep me up at night
nah, I watched my team for probably 78/82 games.  Wickud generalization though, bro
ya know it wasn't as bad as people think.  You just adapt a different mindset, and instead of looking for team wins you look at things like player development, who had a good game, who is making major progress on their game.  I'm not going to lie to you, some games do get out of hand.  The texas triangle absolutely murdered us last year and those games were not pretty to watch
"I'm part machine, mother"
Gonna let you know:  I have the Wiz really high in the East.  Big things happening for you guys.  Looking forward to the 6ers Wiz games next year
Oh dude, I don't have a problem with it.  But this sub likes mocking the Sixers and Knicks
I go there a couple of times a year.  Being from Philly, it's such an interesting place.  Some love their Pitt basketball, but it's hard to imagine them with an NBA team
I mean, I'm gonna be real here, free agent camps had no interest in choosing the Sixers while we were an average team.  Draft picks can have no interest here, but the difference between them and free agents is that they really don't have a choice.  We'll see you boys in summer league
I FEEL LIKE I JUST CAME TWICE
"So I got that going for me"
Yeah but I've got a narrative to keep clean
I caught a lot of shit from Bucks fans in the offseason because I was really down on the team and its inability to shoot.  Solid core, I like it more than the Celtics if the Bucks get more shooting in their lineup.  Basically, get rid of MCW
I've really enjoyed the season.  I was put off by the bloodlines gimmick also but I've grown to like some of them.  Solid season in my book
Good game Chicago.  It took a Herculean effort from Butler, but you got there   As for my guys, I've never been less worried about the future.  Kris Dunn, Jamal Murray, a front office whose trying to win and we won't be disappointed by much next year
Christmas Eve with one, Christmas Day with the other.  Thanksgiving with one, Black Friday or the following Saturday with the other.  You get the idea
Cafe 210, but I haven't been back to campus in awhile, and the house is shut down for awhile
I've been out for going on five years.  House is suspended for another couple of years.  A swift kick in the balls.
I picked the biggest asshole of the bunch who I knew would have a problem with me    9 years later and he's the brother I'm closest with
I think once my pledge class graduated the newer guys started to have those parties.  Looked pretty legit, too
They lived next to us.  House is gorgeous.  I didn't know many other houses, but that fraternity was always observed as one of the best
When dry rushing became a thing cookouts got big.  We wouldn't charge anyone but it was a way to get people through the door without IFC being in your shit
One of our douches was cool with a chick rep at red bull while they were both students.  They drive by in their truck.  They're hot and hand out Red Bulls.  Pretty much it
It doesn't stay as bad as it is now.  My school already went through this a couple of years back.  Tomorrow is another day.  Your rivals will ridicule you and constantly remind you of everything.  Just keep in mind that it eventually goes away when someone else fucks up.  And there will be another one
Yeah I could definitely see that.  I don't drink coffee and with soda I'm the same way.  I'll get a 20oz on Monday and it'll last me until Wednesday
It is weird when I see canes fans being sad when I'm sure the Hartford fans felt the same way
We had a brother who didn't drink and didn't do any drugs.  Pretty impressive feat, honestly.  He's a quality dude.  College is also a bunch of 18-22 year olds experimenting a lot and trying to find themselves.  You should be able to find a happy medium in a fraternity that mostly just smokes weed and drinks.  People might do heavier stuff but it should be behind closed doors and not put in the open.
Definitely, but when you don't have pledges and it's the Saturday morning after, finding a clean toilet is a challenge in and of itself
In flip flops, which still don't protect you from puke
When I worked in center city, city view happened once a month.  That buffalo chicken pizza
The happy hours are earlier in the night.  That's my heads up
I'm in the wrong career, then
You'll grow to hate it.  I've actually come to avoid DJs who use the mic too much or who don't sit their ass behind the turntables
I liked him in Philly.  This fan base can be a little bit toxic along with the media and that's why it didn't work out.
The first year I was up there for Summer session (so the summer after my freshman year), my fraternity brother got me a job working as a bouncer at Cel Block (which is now Levels, if it's still there).  Since it was summer session I didn't really care about my social life and I got 10 under the table per hour, and I ended up with I think 10-12 hours per week.  It's fun in that you're where the party is at, but it gets annoying because you're around people when they've been drinking for awhile.  That gets annoying.  I did a little bit of catering after that.   After that I did reffing for the IM facility.  Easy money.  I reffed softball in the late summer and football in the late fall.  Downside is you have to deal with douchebags who can't give up that high school sports star life.   There's a giant and wegmans out north atherton if you have transportation
At 19 I was probably around 260 and 6'2.  Wasn't too muscle-y.  Just go around to the bars like Shandygaff and see what's up.
We've been shat on for quite some time.  It was GS earlier in the week
The Sixers had a great draft.  Probably buy some golf shirts tomorrow.
Or, ya know, every morning you think you're about to get hit by a tornado, which doesn't sound too good for your health.  Or you're asleep and you think it's your alarm going off but it's really a tornado.   We should just stick to emergency alerts being strictly for emergency alerts
As many times as when Harrison missed a wide open shot in the finals
