Well, time to practice your baseball skills. Next time at bat, try to score second or third base!!! In my experience, once we are kissing and making out, the cocks become hard and if you touch him or draw attention to your hardon, it is just natural to wanna play with it. Ease him into a blowjob situation, and suck his cock. I find that sexual as hell and very intimate! It's not as big a committment as heading to the bedroom for upside down naked calisthenics, and often can be the most intimate way to provide pleasure.
Yes, it's a thing.   Take note of specific instances IF there is a behavior you would like changed, be aware this isn't just about him, this is also about you.   Look, I am a man's man kinda guy. I have tools, owned guns, intimidate younger straight boys, do my own brake jobs, fix plumbing and repairs around the house, remodeled the kitchen, et cet. None of that makes me feel insecure. But when my partner makes comments about my being our dogs mama to other men I would be insecure and object. Eventually I learned to deal with it and he learned to show enough respect that we reached a compromise. It just is key in realizing that just because he looks at you a certain way, that doesn't make you into that person. You can ask them to change, you can ask them what they mean, and explain how it makes you insecure.   In my life he tells our 13 Lb Shih-tzus to "ask their momma for a treat" I have realized that it is endearing and affectionate and I no longer object, he does take my car to the gas station and fill it for me sometimes, and he does a lot of the laundry chores and we share the cooking. It works for me, I don't take any shit for it, when my work friends come around they get a kick because they all see me as very powerful and manly, and he allows them to see a tender side to me.   EDIT: spelling, some grammar, (iPad autocorrect hell)
Yes, three years ago I was heavily recruited for over a year for what turned out to be my dream job. I was in a three year old relationship that had a commitment ceremony, joint assets incl. shared home, shared vehicles, and joint checking accounts. When I tried to talk to my husband about the recruiter he laughed and told me to submit a resume because "what could it hurt?" I said that they would probably offer me a job. I did, they did, and when it came time to move I almost got divorced.   We moved together, it was extremely difficult on our relationship, we suffered from the loss of his income while he was working on certifications and credentials for the new state regulations. Eventually it worked out, but I will never ever consider a move without full disclosure with joint compromise and decision making.  Why has it recently changed? Is this his preference? Or is an opportunity just too good to pass up? It is one thing to be upset over not being near each other, but what happens when you guys try to solve work problems? I had to support my mate for a year and a half to get to a place where we were both working successfully.   If you guys want to be together, then ask him to marry you and solve the problems together. Many schools offer degree programs online, is he able and willing to help you work you way into a more successful degree? Will you be content working and doing school part time while watching him be successful? Do you trust him to help you?   TL:DR if you love him and he loves you then work on each other's careers together.
Are you fucking kidding me? I'm gay, this is /r/askgaybros, and in case no one else has the balls to tell you, you're fucking gay bro. Time to get the counselor redirected to help you accept it.
Gotta be real with ya, it is a lot more fun when boyfriends cut your hair.
I like a Case.   I have carried one for years.
Hi Bro,   I was molested. I also know that I was gay before I was molested. I also understand the issues around pedophilia. The NAMBLA crowd he mentions has been around for years, but has always failed to gain traction in the mainstream. Why? Because sex is HARMFUL to minors, it damages their self esteem and ability to develop into confident sexually aware adults. It is generally accepted that young minors do not have comprehension of the consequences of their actions and so do not possess the ability to consent to sexual acts. They are also commonly manipulated into having sex even when they do refuse. Legality for pedophilia will never trump protection of innocent children. I am not impressed with his claims to be a counselor to gay clients, I would not want to do therapy with someone who had no empathy for my situation, and referred to my group as "them people, you people" he obviously doesn't support homosexuality, compares homosexuality to pedophilia and is repeating common political rhetoric as being a learned man or scientific researcher. Unfortunately all of what he points to is not empirical research, not objective scientific experimentation, but simply conversational opinion bolstered with facts inappropriately drawn into the conversation much like any of us might have or argue with about our political opinions. He is apparently repeating shit that he has heard.
Not so much, I bet there are more flattering pictures of you than the one above, but that isn't the point. I have always seemed to get a lot of action when I go out because guys just fucking like me. To be "hot" isn't something that I would characterize myself as these days, but I have always had plenty of options! Even women try to pick me up on occasion.   So the point, keep doing what your doing, it's awesome!
People grow up. You don't know the guy, the only evidence we have is an HONEST conversation. Have you ever cheated? I have, but not since I was like twenty two. Shit does happen when you are young and gay and clubbing. If you can't see that, then w/e
Chill, clean up in a shower beforehand, use your fingers to swirl around inside and ensure you are clean, go hump your brains out. Contrary to popular belief, there are gay men who bottom spontaneously without using enema or douche. They just fuck when the mood hits. One of my exes told me recently that his younger boyfriend was a real drag because there was always this stop the presses and go shower and  douche. He missed how I was willing to go for it at any time.
I went to a bar for drinks and dancing. This guy was dancing in the stage and started backing up to me. I ended up bumping his ass and got all hard in my jeans, it was drinks, good music and practically fucking if no clothes. After the dance I went and sat down and he came up and sat on my lap. This was a cruise bar in the woods outside meridian MS so we went outside and he started getting into my pants. We took turns blowing each other and he came quick. Then he just stopped and was like, you're too big to blow, it hurts my mouth.  TL;DR hot and sexy boy wanted me, pushed his ass onto me, sat in my lap, dove into my trousers, came and left me with blue balls.
Look man, I am a versatile top, and I grew up shoving everything that would fit into my butt while jerking furiously on my cock. They were hard wired to each other. Sticking something in my ass instantly caused an erection and precum. If your experience is different, then Why go trying to discover your ass?   Do you dude, not someone else. If I had been you and he lubed me up and fingered me, we would have fucked. That you didn't really speaks to your deal.   Put it this way, I have never done something to my body I didn't enjoy or desire. If you don't want cock up inside you then forget it bro, you don't need to be different, just more clear with the boys you do the flat mambo with. Right?
It's who you are. I grew up somehow knowing two immutable truths:  1) life would be better if my mouth reached my cock 2) orgasms were a LOT MORE FANTASTIC when my ass was involved
Bro,  I am not going to troll you.  i will not tell you to go fuck yourself.   I think it's awful that you have been raped. By the way, rape isn't sex, it is a violation, any non consensual sexual activity is harmful and you are RIGHT to be hurt and wounded.  I don't think you should ever give up, not on yourself, not on falling in love, not on being happy or feeling better.   It's complicated,but the answer lies with you, your expectations and responses are way off the charts dude. You show us a picture of a stranger and explain the plastic surgeons can make you look like him so you can get a boyfriend? You don't need looks to get a boyfriend, you need to be at peace with yourself and love yourself to get a boyfriend. TRUTH you don't need plastic surgery. You have been emotionally beat up, you have not recieved the support or love you need and you don't know how to get your needs met.   You need some counseling to deal with the rape issues.  You need some counseling to work on your self esteem. You need some coaching on how to deal with rejection, and how to ask and receive some dating instead of constant rejection.   Be willing to date a regular dude, not a hot guy. Be willing to see that all men have flaws, and work on seeing past your own self perceived flaws. There are plenty of guys who would date you as you are without plastic surgery, without all the rejection you have been experiencing. You have got to be asking the wrong guys, and asking in a bad circumstance in order to have the results you share. In addition you take it very personally that you haven't been welcomed and asked out by others.  It's common to feel like a failure at dating when you are young, and to feel like every situation is black and white when they are really grey. Just chill and get some help Bro, We love ya, don't skip getting help!
A certified copy of my marriage license.
We had met and dated, and he told me he loved me. Not long after we started talking about living together because we were thirty miles apart and we missed each other. Not long after living together I asked him. He was willing to do a Commitment Ceremony, but Marriage between Gay Couples wasn't available in our home state then. We had 180 guests, it was lovely, we have wedding pictures on the wall in our home. Years later when it became legal where we were, we went to the Courthouse, got a license and made it more official. We still celebrate the original date tho..  :)
I don't think in matters. I live in PDX, and am in a much more conservative industry than politics (Marine Construction) and I am out on the job. I moved here from Mississippi and I guarantee they don't treat gay people the same in Mississippi. Go to law school near PDX or SEA TAC, whatever you do, don't go to Oxford Mississippi, that would be culture shock for ya.   Hope it helps. B
I am not sure why I am getting down voted unless it is because of number one.   While this is vulgar, it is how straight men at my work talk about gay sex. It offends me and pisses me off because Gay Sex is beautiful and awesome.   Maybe you guys thought I was trolling, perhaps I should have been more eloquent with my response than just typing without thinking. Sorry guys. You might like to know that I am Gay, Married Happily, and don't feel that I should have been down voted for telling the truth.
Hey Bro, I do relate.  Here is what I can offer.  As Gay people, we sometimes have bad childhoods and can suffer tremendous negative emotions that many straight people just don't understand. For me, I felt as if recall of my childhood was like walking a minefield that could harm me at any moment. I felt counterfeit, I felt disconnected, I felt lots of negative emotions.   What I learned from counseling was to face my fears. To become willing to endure the storm of emotions. To observe self care so that I meditated and read positive affirmations each day so that when negatives came at me I could stand fast and feel them and release them. Today I don't have to harm myself behind my emotions. For many years I used alcohol or food to try and manage my emotions. Today I allow them to exist without judging myself, without harming myself, knowing that a feeling isn't a fact and that they will pass by if I remain steadfast and connected to me.
Well, this is fucked up but here goes.   I wore a really nice dress shirt and slacks with some nice Rockport shoes to work the other day. The shirt was a tall size and the slacks were just a hair big so I felt pretty good and snagged some attention. I went to the bathroom and was talking to this guy and didn't realize I wasn't all the way zipped up. I walked into a conference room and sat down at the table and it became apparent because the tail of the shirt was sticking out the top half of the zipper.....I had to lead the meeting after I tucked in and zipped up. $:
I am friends with a couple of Gay doctors, one single, one married. It doesn't really matter to me as I am successful in my own field and pull six figures on my own.   They do live in a much bigger house tho...LOL.
Sometimes sexy times make the heart grow feelings.   For me it always was a closer, but I was kinda emotional about getting naked and never really hooked up with like FWB or one night stands but like once or twice.   Don't hold back, hang out with guys, make meet ups and dates, and if it goes there don't shy away, dick him down if it's right, but don't be afraid to let your feelings tell the story either, get me?
Hey Dad, sorry it's happening, but there are some resources to use. I am a father, I am 48, I have a son who is straib t and I am gay. I am married, my husband is also here.   Look, the thing that needs to be addressed is how your boy is engaging in risky behavior. The motivation for it is not clear to you, but must be clear or it will keep happening. The sex with older men happened because he didn't get a normal outlet for expressing his sexuality with his peer group. The older men were more than willing, so he is spending time trying to feel his way at being gay. He needs to be taught to respect his body, and his sexuality. If he had been fooling around with another boy his age, you might be surprised, but there wouldn't be a power differential. These older men are treating him probably well, he is getting some needs met, sexuality and sex needs, but he isn't doing so appropriately. He has skipped holding hands and first kiss, and snuggling or dating and went straight to age disparate sex. They are probably giving him money, and he is probably afraid to level with you or anyone that he is in over his head. He isn't the first gay kid to trade sex for some intimacy or some money and feelings of power. They probably make him feel good, not just sex, but feel good from a self esteem point. If you put your mean face on and lay down a bunch of rules and freak out on him he may just jump ship and go to them for the safety and security and get his desires and needs met.   You need to put this on and figure out how to take care of his needs and discuss with him How these people don't and can't be bothered to care for him. Explain why it's dangerous and just try to reach out for examples of appropriate relationships that will nurture him.
Hi Dads,   So I am a dad to a straight kid. He lives with me and my husband and is currently 22 going on 13 due to Aspergers and video games.  So why do you have reservations? Because you feel guilty about lying to your friends. Think this one through for a minute. You maintain a good environment, and do a good job of raising your son, and obviously this other family trusts you. So in the light of a new revelation of their "boyfriend"status, how do you maintain that trust while still being sensitive to their son's privacy.   Well, here it is in a nutshell. Do not allow their son to be taken advantage of, do not allow open sex to be going on, do have a talk with your son about appropriate limits, and institute practices that will make it a little inconvenient for the boys to be out with you about their relationship while hiding it from their other set of parents.   Don't let Ian know that you guys think it's cute and approve, even though "Awww", you need to keep some friendly distance. Ensure that your son and his boyfriend don't enjoy freedoms and privileges that the other set of parents would be offended by, or wouldn't allow. Discuss this with Kevin and tell him your rules for his behavior with a boyfriend. Being supportive during this time in their lives is a unique opportunity and wonderful gift. It doesn't excuse common sense rules and allowing a sense of propriety to be observed especially in public spaces.  You absolutely cannot tell the parents because you shouldn't out Ian, that just isn't ok, no matter how well they treat you guys, behind closed doors it may be a different story for the boy.  Pump the brakes, try to keep your son on an even keel and let Ian take care of himself. Keep your place from being the watchdog, ensure Kevin knows what is right and that he will be held accountable for treating his boyfriend respectfully. He can't expect you guys to lie for him, but not sharing the whole truth is acceptable.   That is how I would handle it. BTW if you feel they must be told, meet with your son, and encourage him and Ian to tell them. It just isn't your place.
He gets to be himself and gets to control interactions with his family, as do you. Let him be in the drivers seat. If it is a deal breaker for you, then discuss how to reconcile marriage to a family you don't know. Establish some ground rules about your interaction and figure out if you can deal.   When I and my husband married, my family was not involved at all. They do know him, but we seldom have any contact, I insulate him from their homophobia and also limit my interactions with them.
I have an older brother who is straight and homophobic and racist. We haven't talked since 2005. I am also a twin, he is straight and I am gay. We are fraternal, which means we were like siblings born at the same time. We are not shared DNA, nor same eye color, hair color, or resemblance. He and I get along pretty good.
You don't want to, you shouldn't, this is how life is, no opportune times, weird habits you normally would freak over, and way too busy for a new man.   I always did what I always did and got what I always got until I went "off script". Dude, this is your life calling and saying let go of your script, let it happen and relax.
Probably if I was single and he was cute.
Ok, secrets out....rock paper scissors.
I was having sex from a very young age, 12. So I knew they were pushing me to do stuff, and I thought eventually I would grow out of it. Parents sent me to be fixed, got married, and guess what, still gay.
Dodge Charger daily beast. Share a Chrysler 300 AWD Leather Sedan w/ Husband on weekends He drives a Chrysler Sebring Touring Convertible daily.   We don't have a dream car. Just like to be able to afford transportation without drama.
Monogamous - 5yrs &amp; 9mos
We both were looking for a relationship, and it worked out. It took a lot of hard work, but totally worth it.
I was always mistaken for a legal 21 yr old when I was still 17 and graduating from HS. I bought liquor for all my friends in college. Later  on in life I developed a receding hair line, and a bald spot in back, and started growing some gray hairs. Today I look my age, no one thinks I am older than I am, but I am often referred to as "distinguished".
I gotta be real with you, if a guy isn't trying, if he is just laying there for it, I am not into it.    There has to be a shared goal.   When I am on bottom I make sure he knows where we are headed before the first kiss. All the undressing together, admiring each other, preparing, cuddling, slow stimulation that acquires urgency, and then the moment we together accomplish becoming ONE, as it becomes familiar, and momentary discomfort becomes aching need, we become fervent, reach for the Summit, his desire, my desire, all of it aimed at a shared peak, an aching need that cascades into an opera of sensation, a symphony of vibration as his throbbing ejaculation is gripped repeatedly by my sphincter and prostate. When it has ended, and ramped down to less violent, less intensity, more sedate and now admiring kisses, gentle caresses seeking affirmation of a shared coupling.....This is the essence of what it is to be FUCKED. One cannot do it alone. It must be shared.   The top is not the only person in bed. His urgency is matched by the wanton NEED that rises out of adequate lovemaking.   There is no sex like gay sex, it doesn't have an equal upon Earth.
My Son (22 yrs old)  Has rather Severe Asperger's Syndrome (AS) and my Husband's Nephew (21 yrs old) also has rather severe AS as well.    "Aspies" can develop some coping skills, so they can deal with the anxiety caused by the frustrations of living with some of the disabilities. Their mental function is usually not suspect, Aspies can be extremely bright, but their unique difficulties in communicating and navigating social situations are challenging beyond what is experienced by other mental health sufferers. Their lack of concentration of peripheral and inability to understand do not provide them with the social cues everyone else takes for granted. Extreme literal interpretation of communication, lack of perspective understanding of sarcasm and humor, and often a very different perception of the world around them are hallmarks of my understanding of AS.  In my son's case, self care is a daily battle. He doesn't understand when he says things that precipitate anger or distrust, he doesn't really comprehend or think about much that is not in his "Zone". The Anxiety medication can keep him calm and avert him from becoming agitated. Often Aspies have ADHD as well as AS which results in their difficulty understanding, comprehending, carrying out, and being successful in Work.  The earlier diagnoses result in social groups, therapy groups, and psychological treatments that result in coping skills to minimize difficulties. Once an Aspie has aged out of High School, it is difficult to find the same type of treatment and help that is available while they are still young. They are painfully naive, because they do not comprehend all that is happening around them, and often Aspies turn out somewhere on the LGBT spectrum of Identity.   Keep in Mind that medication does not exist to improve his AS. AS was discovered and mapped to a set of behaviors, but it is not caused by or identified with any particular malignant disorder. There is no "Missing Protein" or "Brain Chemistry" that can take away the symptoms like there is with schizophrenia or other Mental Diseases. It is developmental in nature, and without the coping skills that come from social interaction and trial and error growing up there is not a quick or easy solution.   Having said all of that, He is in famous company, Bill Gates, Alan Turing, Albert A. Einstein, and Abraham Lincoln are all rumored or confirmed Aspies. It is more like a disability than a disease, compare to blindness rather than schizophrenia. So the sky is the limit depending on the individual.   Best of Luck, B
Well, TBH I am married, but my belief is that lots of guys in their 30's are looking for love, relationships, Triads, Open Arrangements, and everything else under the sun. We live in the Pacific North West and Gays here are plentiful and somewhat visible.
You are so Welcome. When the Doctors told me that they didn't think he would ever work or that I needed to come up with a trust fund solution for what to do when I am no longer able to take care of my son I freaked the fuck out.   Some time, some gentle handholding with my husband, and some prayer has taught me that my son is not a problem, he just experiences quite a few from time to time. He has been more vocal being around me, and I hope that in time he will learn the coping skills he needs to work, play, and live in the world without having to have parents shield him.   He uses public transit, and plays video games, has friends at the game room. I am working with him to develop his abilities, and keep hoping for him to keep his spirit up. He is a very happy individual and has a wonderful way about him. I hope you enjoy your relationship with your boyfriend!
I'm Gay too! Glad you can type it, one day you will say it!
She and I parted when my boy was two or so. We had a hard time, but eventually got over our discontent with each other. We are friends now, she remarried and never stopped me from seeing my son, I paid child support and extras when I could.
Think twelve once soda can.  It's a nice piece, I was lucky to be toting it through life, all my friends were smaller than me.   But on the con side, I have only rarely gotten blowjobs, became obsessed with being deep-throated, two maybe three times only so far, and guys have looked at me naked and changed their minds about anal before.   In reality, it's just a penis. It happens to be attached to a nice guy, but it's still just a penis.
"Wow, if I only knew you better, we'd be naked."  I used to say this to boys in public surrounded by their friends. It was a stretch, but it paid off so many times. Guys would be flattered and it would start a conversation.
My experience says no.   Tried to be str8. Huge failure. Married divorced, cheated, gay. Was having gay sex at twelve, now am forty eight...nothing is different, except how I talk about it.
Don't listen to them.   I had two really disparate relationships. When I was forty he was nineteen. There were drug problems coming to light for him and after seven months we could stand it no more and he began seeking help. When I was forty two he was eighteen. He was quite a handful and the family issues were constant but we had a year in when we parted.   My husband is eight years older....yeah I know right, no logic to it.   You can do as you like in this world, and real love waits for no man, sometimes we say and do what we think is impossible, and other times we surprise everyone including ourselves.   Enjoy it. You don't owe explanations and there are many others who choose as you do. Don't let them shame you.
"No, I have a husband. He is so much handier than a girlfriend."
Ok, look, you have to set the mood.   Take your time. Begin smooching his face and tickling other areas. Look at him seductively and announce, " I am going to eat you up". Take your time examining his nipples, and then his penis, balls, and then his legs, his inner thighs.   When you get close, decide what position to put him in.  1) on his hands and knees,  2) laying on his stomach, 3) laying on his back.   Try leaving him on his back and raise his legs to allow access to his anal area. Look at him, make eye contact, smile, let him know you are enjoying this, then tickle his taint and areas around and near his anus. Lead up to it and then quickly lick a cross it once and see if he notices. You can do anything from tongue fucking to teething massage of that hole but make frequent eye contact and encourage squeals, screams, and moans from your lover. Let him contemplate being eaten out as if he is a confection. Smack your lips, and tease tease tease all around it before going for the absolute possession of all of him.   Give him a oral run through of what is coming next, I always get horny for fucking when eating a guys ass. Good luck!
Well, tbh I just watch for lies. I need him to trust me and to be trustworthy. That's about it. The rest always works out.
Look man,   Have a monogamous relationship, then if he and you want to fuck around go open. But keep in mind that a marriage isn't about who or what you are attracted to, or who you think is sexy, a marriage is about what you do.   Sharing bills, goals, travel, raising kids, cars, being real, working through troubles, becoming a unit, to me that is what it's about.   We are a couple, long term, married, closed, and it works for us, hope what you got is working for you too!
I have not been discussing it with others, nor seen it before.  However, I am an American, and not active on the Apps you mention.   The Youth (especially the LGBT variety) tend to be very accepting and desire greatly to have no limits on their feelings or expressions. If they want to eschew monogamy (as they often do), their results can often include emotional pain and lost partners.   Open relationships are held up as a standard or a goal, as if one "should" or "ought" to be able to navigate one.   In reality, a "Relationshipanarchist" is not actually eschewing relationships, they are just calling it a "non-relationship". The act of talking about "rules" and "how do you feel" when negotiating sex IS A RELATIONSHIP.   Every relationship has to have correctly negotiated rules in order to operate well or it fails to operate. The arrangement must ensure that both or all parties needs are met. "We" must "agree" on who is to do what with "whom, when and where".   Even though they claim they are "Relationshipanarchists", it seems to me that they are in relationships with each other.
Oh my gosh....I would never......ever.......   Well, I was cleaning it one time and it went off accidentally.......
