I'm a little confused about this article given the recent one in The Courier saying the Tories will split apart as a result of Johnson taking the leadership.
Aye, even as a remainian I'm in agreement.  I'm not sure what a journalist knows about counter terrorism though...
I have about 4 games, one of which I play.  I think that means I'm old, I haven't played an FPS since counterstrike/q3a and the extent of my gaming these days is solely Cities: Skylines.  I can spend hours on perfecting my transport infrastructure and sensibly laying out a sprawling metropolis but all this shooty bangy fast stuff doesn't appeal anymore.
Framed copies of every selfie taken with Sturgeon since 2014
I'd vote to leave the UK, again.
There will be lots of polling coming out of Scotland in the coming weeks.  You can sense the anger in people I've spoken to already, I've had died in the wool Scottish Tories tell me they now support a second referendum even.
Grew up in Angus - if Goves an Aberdonian I might as well be Jamaican.
Holy fuck I couldn't stop myself shouting the house down when that second one went in.  You beautiful Icelandic bastards
HAHAHAHA  I suppose now is the time to mention I had £20 on Iceland to win :D
I spent two years in NZ and could have easily settled there but work prospects were better for me back in the UK.  Great country though, I had to think long and hard about leaving.
Ridiculously good if you're the type to get into these sorts of games.  I don't treat it as a game, it's more like having a virtual model city set with every piece known to man to use.  Hours of tinkering and constructing the ultimate city awaits...  Mod/workshop content is key to enjoying it for me, there's just so much of it.
I know a couple like this as well.  Spend most of the year in Spain, when they come back it's like listening to a human issue of the Daily Express, immigrants are ruining this country etc.  Casual racism is the norm, throwing around words like 'paki' as if its a normal thing to do.  Then they fuck off back to Spain.  I've little doubt that they would have voted Leave.
Really disappointed with how the media are reporting this.  I mean I understand the need to report it but it's clear that the term 'fix room' is pretty pejorative and carries with it some negative connotations when the real aim is to reduce crime and improve the health of addicts.  I'm behind the idea though, always supported the establishment of these facilities in Scotland.  Drug addiction should be treated as a health issue only and the involvement of the criminal justice system in tackling it has had zero positive effect, time to try something different.
Just an old lamp, found it at a salvage yard.  A quick google shows some kits of the same stuff though but given prices I'd say try thrift stores etc for old lamps first.
That'd be a dream, not something I'm thinking about just yet though.  Do you? I think maybe I watch too much youtube and in comparison my own wood skills seem lacking.
Good luck.  I've always preferred the non-agency flats I've lived in because you have direct contact with the owner and they've all been reasonable in letting me change minor stuff but agencies sometimes make that difficult.
They're one of my favourites too, looks good and you've really managed to make these look like through-tenons, I didn't notice until I read the comment pointing it out.
I wouldn't choose to call myself British, no.  I mean that's for reasons beyond brexit but it hardly helps to be represented by a bunch of delusional right wingers.
Yep, although a certain amount move into private work or into other areas of NHS the majority will just take a far less stressful/better paid job elsewhere.  I've known of people ditching it to go work in supermarkets - similar pay, far better conditions.
I believe its decided by the SoS for Northern Ireland, James Brokenshire.  Hell of a decision to make, both will kick off a shitstorm.  Personally I think another assembly election is the one likely to cause less of a shitstorm but it'll be a grubby campaign, especially after last time.
I'll fight for him.
Yep.  In the places where I've seen a bottle/can deposit scheme it just becomes normal to take your empties to the supermarket, feed them in the machine and use the returned value against your shopping.
My googling shows that Ireland is spending more on healthcare than Scotland...
&gt; Is 22 years old old enough to take anything extremists say seriously?  As a fully capable, mentally mature adult...?  Yeah, it's old enough.
Just go out and practice somewhere quiet - between some shipping containers or whatever.  Best tip is to just start turning quickly to hard lock when your rear window lines up with the bumper of the car alongside you.  Works most of the time.
I'll be honest and state that pretty much everything you've mentioned just makes me cringe.  I view most of the pageantry, silly outfits and idolisation much as I do when I see it going on in North Korea.  I accept that I'm in the minority there though so for the most part I hold my tongue.  I'm just waiting for the opportunity to move on from this embarassing and (in my view) pointless traditionalism through democratic means.
I'll probably just pretend to abandon but quietly look on in horror.  Like a nasty car crash.
Ahh yeah I remember that.  I always kick myself for spending the time to think of someone I'd consider slightly obscure when I could have just come out with some big names and still won.  Politics is one of my favourite categories along with chemical elements.  Seaborgium is a consistent winner.
I was out at a sort of experimental area just last week where they were testing what sort of effect tree planting has on sheep production.  Apparently (according to the information board) they had found the sweet spot where they saw no significant detriment to sheep production, it involved careful planting of different species though.  They found the traditional cash crop/monoculture type planting to be problematic but if they split up the fast growing coniferous trees with enough native species hardwoods and left enough land completely bare then they could raise the same number of sheep on the land.  It was quite interesting seeing it actually happening - could see all the different test patches where they had planted different types of trees etc.  The conclusion they seemed to be coming to was that the traditional idea of removing all trees from the land wasn't necessary and that land used for sheep farming can easily support thoughtful replanting.
I'd be tempted to ask for the chef so I can ask him what the fuck I'm supposed to do with this.
Since it's for spoons, go out and see what you can get for free.  I always see lots of fallen birch when I'm out, I bring home limbs all the time for cutting up and turning.
Fuckin' raging, had a tool mishap today and have made a ton of work for myself.  Aside from that I intend on sitting around this weekend and getting stuck into more Dungeon Keeper, last played it in the 90s and re-bought it the other month...  forgot how good it is.
Awesome, I was wondering if there had been any modern attempts at  building on it.    I'm playing through Deeper Dungeons now, never played the expansion back in the day.  It's a lot harder, they ramped up the difficulty a lot with these maps and changed the AI I think.
British doctors are (justifiably) scared of habit forming drugs.  Trust me - you don't want an entire generation of anxious young people dependent on strong benzodiazipines.  I realise that alprazolam (Xanax) is a very effective drug but it's the habit forming potential of it that will cause problems.  For many people it is far better to encourage behaviours to tackle (or at the very least learn to live with) their anxiety.  Sometimes short term medication is appropriate though and British doctors will prescribe short term diazepam in these instances, try asking!   I'm an anxious type, I have dental phobia.  I've gone to my GP and  got small doses of diazepam which help.  You're not going to get a wonder-pill though, you'll get a few 2mg tablets to help - you're not going to get enough benzo's to make you completely numb to the world and all the things that cause anxiety.  Alprazolam is on a different level of potency though and while I totally understand that it feels like a wonder-drug in how it affects an anxious person it is habit forming and you quickly develop a tolerance.  People come to rely on benzo's and that's not a good thing.  It would be nice if the UK/NHS had better, more comprehensive mental health facilities to help people with anxiety.  I totally agree with this, for many people the long term medication options for anxiety (SSRI's) aren't ideal and the long waiting lists for any other treatment options (if they're even offered) aren't ideal either.
Awa' wi ye, that was oors in 2014! Those brexiteer fuds stole a lot of our slogans.
This.  I've no interest in Scotland being a giant retirement home.  It's bad enough as it is.  More young people please, more immigrants.
She won't be allowed to make mistakes like that again I don't think.  The party have taken control of her, she probably got a proper talking to after that fuck up.  The threat of a no confidence motion was put out in the press, the message was made quite clear.  Hence the rumour being that she was close to breakdown prior to the Queens speech.  She was forced to get rid of the people around her also - she's no longer in control.
That's not true.  You have to ignore council tax for that to be true.  Life in England is - on the whole - more expensive thanks to higher council tax rates, tuition fees, prescription charging and a whole raft of other things that make Scotland a cheaper place to live.
I am mere pleb, I have no experience of the high life :)
Actually one resigned because he refused to even go to the diversity training nonsense Ruth was forced to put him through :)  Just that racist.  I only learned this recently, seems the media went very quiet on that whole scandal
Oil salaries and conditions make those in the industry exist in a bit of a bubble.  I've never seen a city like Aberdeen anywhere else in the world, the place empties by lunchtime on Friday.  Quite an odd working culture.
Digital angle gauge for sure, takes a lot of frustration out of setting up a cut (for me anyway, my mitre saws angle scale sucks).  I'd say a diamond sharpening stone or two is a good purchase too, traditional oil stones are a bit of a fuss in comparison.  Any sort of honing guide also, basically the two things that make sharpening less of a ballache.
It's true, they're playing a very risky game allowing extremists into positions of influence and I just hope they're on their toes about keeping them under control.  Having to rely on the votes of religious fundamentalist loyalists is very risky, I remember all the quotes from prominent Tories warning of this.  Theresa has hopefully learned to not take risks like that again.
Trust the Germans to just do things better.  Nothing worse than trying to open the first aid kit, pulling everything out, finding the box for the bandaids, opening the box without getting blood all over everything...  I've mostly given up on bandaids/plasters though.  Electrical tape solves most of my bleeding problems, CA glue for anything it cant.
Italy almost certainly brought the deep fried pizza to Scotland.  Lots of Scottish fish &amp; chips shops run by Scots-Italian families!  It's just that in Italy they take a nice pizza and use a light batter.  In Scotland we take the cheapest pizza money can buy, coat it in thick batter and fry the fucker next to the pies and black puddings and then eat the thing with a mountain of greasy chips.
This is probably my favourite IASIP scene.  It's Charlie's shot, the way he punches the mascots nose instead of the guy inside makes me laugh every time
My gran refuses to even use a bloody cash machine or her debit card...  It's maddening but she's stubborn.  Insists on visiting the bank, putting herself at risk carrying large amounts of cash.
Ibuprofen is probably a better choice for back pain, take it in combo with paracetamol.  From someone with sciatica: NSAID like Ibuprofen, Diclofenac etc work best but be careful about becoming reliant on them, they'll tear up your stomach long term.
I was thinking that... there's basically no cheap metal that goes in medical implants, it's all valuable stuff.  Kinda amazed that it was apparently just being dumped at one point.
I like foam brushes.  I buy them on ebay from China since they're significantly cheaper there than I can get locally, about a third of the price.  Same product too as far as I can tell.  I thin down my poly a bit but it can be applied well enough straight from the can with a foam brush.  It always seems to self level anyway and I don't feel bad about throwing away a cheap foam brush, save the handles as dowels though :)  If you want to use a rag though just thin it to make your own wipe on poly, goes on easily with a rag.  Just takes more coats that way.
