41yo here. Loved the Farcry series. Also Fallout so far. Yet, I am a patient gamer, I can wait till it goes on sale. I am still waiting for GTA V to drop to 30 or less (we'll see what happens during the summer sale)
This made me very uncomfortable. Can I yell triggered yet?
The mods of that group were a-holes themselves and were not that great. I don't know if they participated in the transgressions, but let's not kid ourselves. It was a shitty sub that was run terribly. Had the Mods had any control, they would not be in the position they are in now.   I do know that there were pics that were stolen from certain sites and it took a lot of effort to get them taken down. One site was a BDSM social site where the pics are the property of the site and the poster. It was posted by a member who was basically a FPH type guy and called out for being an ass to other members on the site. As revenge, he thought it would be a laugh to post their photos on FPH. This is DANGEROUS, as it basically outed people who might have had their livelihoods damaged.
Let's be honest here. Once the pain started, he was already at an advanced stage. With Cancer and other diseases, you need to get screened BEFORE signs show up. This is part of what the ACA was designed to do. If you have any health insurance that is ACA compliant your check ups and screenings are free. Everyone, find a time to go for your yearly physicals and don't wait for the last minute.   PS: Sorry for your loss
Not every company does this. Just look at Activision, especially the CoD series. Unless you think paying more for a 4 year game than a 1 year game is sale.   I actually think Bethesda is doing more so we forget the whole "paid mods" debacle.
See another dentist. It shouldn't hurt.   I had one done, it was painless. The only thing that happened was at about 1am that evening I woke up, felt like I had a really bad toothache for about 10 mins, then it stopped and never felt anything in that tooth again.
I noticed that a lot of it is perceptions and what you already have. I just think it was a shitty sale because I was expecting GTA5 to have at least a 20 dollar drop and be a highlight. Adding a "money card" and selling it for the same price is just insulting. Nothing else really looked worth it to me as money is tighter for me right now. Hopefully things will be good for the winter/x-mas sale.
no spoilers, but will say it is one of my favorites and it will be one of yours as well.  Edit&lt; I watched it early because I have work related stuff later today and was going to miss it anyway.
Yea, I don't watch it. I just watch the Adult Swim shows to fall asleep to, and for regular times only SU, Adventure Time, and if it's on and I am working Gumball. That's about it.
Not sure. If I recall it was in New Jersey if I am recalling correctly.
You just fucked up my day :(
Most of the sex-positive feminists I know are bi and play mostly with other woman. They PICK who they have sex with. They are not into forced servitude. Also, the ones I usually interact with in the kink community are not the raging psychos I usually see on tumblr, but the more logical types (although there is always overlap)  This is why the sex-negative feminists are the worst. They are just as bad as the social conservatives who want to control anyone else's sexuality (against gay sex, kink, ect). It is all about control and nothing else.   These are also the psychos who argue why gays are terrible tools of the patriarchy. Two guys having sex has nothing to do with feminism, yet they find a way to make it their issue.  In almost any other capacity, these people would be ridiculed, yet in some academia, they are exalted.
Broker in CT. The exchange is fucked. I know dozens of people who were kicked off both their regular insurance and Husky because AccessHealth said they requested more information, but nothing was ever sent out (till they got their letters saying they are being kicked off). What's sad is that the CT exchange is one of the better state exchanges. I believe the ACA is in a lot of trouble and if things don't improve it will not be around for much longer.
I was just thinking if I were to just buy a cheap fridge for my room in such a case, I would probably have to fight over it later anyway.
My speakers are great. I also use a logitech mouse for my work laptop that so far is great. I also have a spare keyboard in case my Amazon Basics craps out (I will eventually get a mechanical, but money has been tight as there is only one income right now).
I enjoy both a great deal. My favorite tea is Earl Gray. Right now Twinnings is my go to (it used to be Rishi, but it is now way too smelly now and taste wise not as good as it used to be).  For Coffee, Melitta's Vienna Roast for a nice tasty morning cup in winter.
It's never a question of IF, it's a question of WHEN. I lost a whole shitload of media on my external (which uses the internal). 95% was/is replaceable, so not the worst thing in the world, but I am still building back up to this day.
If it doesn't lose it's momentum, it will easily be a top 5 of mine. I am always afraid of shows that are still on as the chance of the quality can always go down.  10 years ago I would have said Simpsons and even then it was not as great as it once was, but it was still awesome. Now the later seasons just ruined the show for me for the most part.
I was happily a vegan. I started because I got really bad food poisoning from something I ate. I think it was pizza if I recall correctly.   Once I was able to eat anything ever again 2 days later I just ate things with no animal products (except honey, I kept it in my diet).  Cue 6 years later, I met my now ex-wife. She ate meat, she would cook a lot of things with meat. I slowly started to eat meat again. I kind of regret it as I don't feel as healthy as I used to when I was a vegan.
As an american who cannot get the real thing here (just can't find the cheese curds to even make my own)....  I sooooo want this to try
Holy shit, I forgot I had this as well. It was pretty sweet (as well as a great game I was glad enough to buy again).  This game got me through 9/11 when I just had to stop watching TV and would play this to forgot things.
A wedding ring.
I choose male as my gender because I was born with the sexual parts and chromosome of a male. I don't feel dysphoria and I like how I was born.   I only recently was bombarded with the notion that because some men in the past treated women like shit, I should feel like shit even if I treated them as equal to me as human beings. As such I did not grow up hating myself for being born.  Does that answer the question?
It's my understanding, but I might be misinformed.  Edit: I was misinformed. I heard that Daniel Craig was tired after filming because he did two movies in a row and I assumed they filmed two Bond movies together.
I poop in #myCalvins
Oh dear god, kill me before I get to work like that.
I don't mind being productive, but I have a tendency to get shit done and quick. Then I have too much free time on my hands and hours to go till quitting time. What else should I do?
Unless I am guaranteed sex by the person and they are attractive (especially if it doesn't matter how bad I dance). Then I will just give in and enjoy.
There is one in CT I go to because I have a step daughter and I like having her enjoy the rides. I don't care anymore myself, but it's not for me, it's for her. Also they have a water park and it's fun to just chill in the wave pool for hours while she does her thing.
Those mother truckers turned down a 1000 dollar loan when I was buying a couch for my new house. I guess I had good enough credit for a home (after the 2008 housing bubble burst), but not a couch to sit on at home.
No, I wouldn't mind having a kid, but it has to be with someone at least somewhat responsible. I knew I didn't want kids with my ex at one point because I realized she took no responsibility for either income, house maintenance (other than cooking dinner), or being a moral center for the family.
When my father died I lost it at the funeral and cried up a lot (I didn't wail, but my tears would not stop flowing). There were fucking assholes that came up to me and told me to be strong. Could you assholes give me some room to cry? I think I became even more socially inverted because of these asshats. If I can't cry at my dad's funeral, when can I cry?
I am in a state with one of the better run exchanges and it still sucks (and made me leave the industry because they fucked up and had me lose a shit ton of clients when they dropped them for stating they never got the required documentation, yet they NEVER sent out the mailers to them). Even when I started scanning in documents for the clients, there would be issues.
I just left the insurance business (for the most part, keeping my license so I can still sell occasionally). I have seen a lot of fucked up shit. One company still puts out those boxes you see in the pizza store or Chinese food store where it gives out 'free' child safety kits. Once there they put on a video which tries to scare you about funeral costs and sells shitty whole life insurance.  The problem with this is most people don't understand the different types of life insurance and are not sure which ones to get.   Simple whole life is the most expensive vs. what you actually get upon death.   The company I worked for before I left was more about pushing it's supplement insurance on every other sale you made. It was good insurance and a good alternative to Aflak (which is only for groups) while theirs was only for individuals and families, but I hated how I was supposed to push this on people who usually came to me for Health insurance after they just had their hours cut by whatever job they work for so the company couldn't pay their insurance at all.
You have to look at the whole industry and problems it has. Sorry to say, but the thousands of frivolous and fraudulent law suits drive this. I tapped a fender in my only accident. And seriously, nothing happened. Yet the asshole still sued and claimed nerve damage.
I wish InFamous was available for the PC. The PS3 is in the living room and I don't like to hang out there.
I just started to re-watch it for bedtime (I need something to watch to fall asleep to). It is consistently awesome. Even the worst episodes are better than 99% of the crap on TV.
Lola Vs the Powerman and Moneygoround is one of my top albums. When I play it for people they love it and start to groove. Then Lola (which everyone should know) comes on and their eyes just light up.
Not go to the local High School and go to the better one you have to apply to. The difference in my outlook on life would sure as hell changed and I wouldn't have been so cynical about my prospects on life.
My camp used to take us at least twice a year. At least once an outing some kid got hurt pretty bad and dozens of burns from the alpine slides from kids falling off. I miss those days.
I saw the midnight show the Thursday before the actual release because I really wanted to see it ASAP.  I think I was kind of shell shocked most of the movie, then when I was driving home I just fucking lost it and cried for like 30 mins straight. It really fucked me up good for that whole weekend.
When I got a PS3, it was the same. But then I remembered I had a laptop and would do the same with movies and browsing while playing PS3.  I might actually go and play something this weekend (it's been a while since I played Journey or InFamous which I can't get on PC)
I'm not surprised. I have seen WAY too many 'hatchet guy' juggalo tattoos than I cared to ever see.  Although I still want to go to the gathering as an observer, kind of like Dian Fossey with the chimps.
I remember a youtube video where they point out that younger males are more likely to be snubbed or just be nominated and not win (and explained why DiCaprio still didn't win). I think Michael Jordan will eventually get an oscar, but it is going to be years from now when he is older.
Super happy with my V-Moda crossfades and they were like 75 dollars on sale on Amazon one Xmas.
Lollapalooza and when it was a traveling venue.  Yes there is still a festival, but lollapalooza will always be associated with the 90s to me.
I tried through the media server itself which opens up a tab in Chrome (my main browser).  I also have the Windows media center (I run win7), but I found it difficult to use (mouse would disappear and I have a multi screen setup making it cumbersome to use)  Edit: I just tried the media center again and so far I got my mouse back on the secondary screens and it seems to be playing directly (as I didn't sign in).  Does that mean once I sign in it will continue playing directly or will it try to stream it (going back and forth through my internet?)
left over steak with eggs is awesome. The only acceptable substitute for Bacon
Actually when it comes to Ubisoft, I will now "test" out games before I give them my cash. Last one I spent money on was FarCry 4.
Jedi Academy for me was awesome. I forget which one, but there dozens of cloned Jedi attacking for all sides at one point and it was just bad ass.
