You know how Nestle is promoting The Avengers with Avengers themed chocolate milk bottles?  I always have to get either the Cap, Thor, or Iron Man ones. If Hulk is in front, I bypass that shit.  Yes, I'm that weird guy.
I was there too!! High five!!
I am so disappointed I missed out on a Joc autograph at Camelback by two inches and had to settle for Crawford :(
I went to a game against the Giants with a few friends and one of them wore her Giants gear with no incident.
I got 5 XP for a quest in which I was severely over-leveled, so it seems to have been fixed. I was normally not getting XP for greyed-out quests.
I'm sad I'll be missing the return of Puigerson :(
Holy shit, guys, I defend my thesis tomorrow!  It really is [going down](http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view/868863/it-s-going-down-o.gif).  (Can someone plz photoshop Dodger faces onto that gif? With Joc obviously on Joc's face)
Not gonna lie, I had no fucking idea who Lance Lynn was until today
Guess who passed his thesis defense?  Guess who might be teaching in the fall?  This fucking Doyer-bro
I'll rub his knee  ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
They really need to reunite  and I remember when So Fresh, So Clean was on the radio. I feel old.
Damn I didn't realize Brett Anderson was my age
Fuck shit balls now my hot female friend who is a Giants fan is gonna be all "LEL the Giants got a no-hitter"
I have him on my fantasy team
I bought my first Palahniuk book there :(
I'm gonna miss Zeinke domination because of post graduation festivities so here's an early Go Dodgers!!!!
Holy shit, so....I might be teaching social psych this fall  Gonna slip in some Dodgers v Giants stuff when I talk about in-groups and out-groups
Sup guys? I've been checking out Sony's E3 conference and I'm scared to post more in the PS4 thread because you get downvoted if you like Ubisoft.
Gaming Dodgerbros? I'm in.
Hit in the head during BP
I just dropped Brandon Phillips for Captain Tormund and benched Brandon Crawford so I could put Red Beard at SS
My new celebrity crush Kelli Tennant just said Hatcher is on the DL
Hey me too!  Are you me?
For some reason I thought they played Song 2 by Blur for Ethier and was immediately reminded of Shawn Green  Shawn Green got me into Blur, and by extension, Gorillaz  I love Shawn Green
PITCHING  Broken collarbone  OJ   I had a dream I made a comment on reddit and was sad it got downvoted (I think it was on /r/ps4) I really need to get out more
My feed stopped right as Vin was starting to tell a story FMLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL
I'm never not jerking my banana ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
MY DRYER FUCKED UP AND I HAD TO HANDLE SHIT WE BETTER WIN DIS
She's 6 foot 2 HNNNNNNGGGGGG
I got Crawford's autograph at Camelback. Missed Joc by two inches :|  PlayStation. I've had a 360 and have a One but I've been PlayStation since 2002.  Chinga los gigantes
I really liked that video game Schilling made. Kingdoms of Amalur is pretty fun.  Too bad he runs a business like he announces
My only issue was I didn't know who the fuck Grandal was :p
By the way, guys, my Master's degree posted today. I'm a big boy now :)
It's so hot the oil separates from my non-organic Albertson's brand peanut butter
Dear Dodgers,  Please play like this the rest of the season  plz,  Los Angeles
I thought my stream was fucking up but it seems that the origin feed is fucking up  EDIT: How do I Doyer flair?
We are weary of Charley and generally receptive of Orel and Nomar. Personally, I enjoy their banter. Sometimes they rag on each other and is pretty hilarious.
I pulled a Royals fan for him
I just got it. Upvote for bad pun.
I'm not sure if I started the whole Buttfarter thing, but, boy, am I glad it's a thing :)
Happy birthday, DodgerBro!!
I don't drink soda anymore but when I did, I was probably Mountain Dew's biggest customer so...yeah, I guess.
I've never been east of the Rockies so all I know is from media.   I like Dropkick Murphys and Fallout 4 was fun.
I was in diapers the last time the Dodgers won the World Series
I also got downvoted once for saying I liked UCLA.  We should only downvote giants fans DodgerBros!
Back in my day, Top Deck and Pavilion seats were $6.
I went to elementary/junior high with a guy who got drafted by the Dodgers. Then he went to college and guess didn't get drafted after that.  Screw him though. He was pretty much my childhood bully.
Yeah we're gonna need to use first names for away games vs the Cubs. My mind defaults to Alanna when I see Rizzo :p
I missed the first half inning yesterday :O
I'm excited to hear Vinny gush over Arenado &lt;3
