I would put some money in a 529. Maybe down the road she can get a heart transplant, maybe not even from another human-being but from her own cells. So, maybe also as a symbol of hope, I would open the 529 and put some money in.   Otherwise, I wouldn't do a lot of other things. Keep saving for your retirement, keep the emergency fund at $30k, pay the co-pays.
Sure.   By the way, I saw your edit. I want to wish you good luck. You're still pretty young, and I've seen more people here, and in real life, who are trying to find their way in life at that age. Sometimes the first education doesn't work out, or for example (a friend of mine) got educated and then got an illness that prevented her from doing the job that she wanted to do and was educated to do. Sucks! Often it works out in the end (not always, but often). People find some work to do and often also develop within that new career. I hope that will be the case for you as well. Work hard, try to grasp opportunities, try to develop yourself. And I wish you the bit of luck that is needed as well.
My idea was to let the old coverage (by Allstate) continue until you've got the new coverage confirmed. It will cost you a few bucks, but that's probably worth it for the reassurance that you're always covered.
I just want to say: you may get a small ding on your credit report for this, BUT it is not the end of the world. So don't panic. Do your job, do it well, and when you get paid, start making smart choices with the money (so: make sure to keep a roof over your head, to keep your belly full, and then to pay down the debts as much as you can with every pay check).  It's a difficult period in your life right now, but you have a lot of opportunity to make it through. So no need to panic. Good luck!
I invest in index funds from Vanguard.   You're talking about ETFs all the time, but I'm not investing in ETFs.   There are enough index funds to choose from for Vanguard Europe. No, you can't invest in specific subsectors of the market, but I wouldn't do that anyway. I would go for diversified and global, and those index funds are offered by the European branch of Vanguard in Ireland.
I would create a small emergency fund in savings, for when shit hits the fan, so to speak. So probably that fund should hold three months of your regular expenses, meaning that if shit hits the fan,  you have a few thousand dollars to help you deal with it (whether it's unemployment, a sudden car repair, a health problem, etc).   When you've reached the required amount in the savings account, for example $5k, I would put most dollars towards the student loans. You're pretty young still, right now that seems the best idea. Maybe in the future you'll have a separate savings account because you want to save up for a mortgage down payment, or for a new(er) car, but right now I would focus on the student loans.  I want to wish you good luck! I understand that it sucks sometimes, but it *has* given you the opportunity to create a great career for yourself. In the long run, I think your education was a good bet. But right now you will have to go through the sucky part first, before you can really start enjoying the benefits.
It looks like you're not very good with handling money. That happens. I was like that too, when I was in my twenties. And hopefully you'll get better at it.  But that is why I think you should put this check that's coming right into the IRA as soon as it arrives. I don't think $35k sitting in a checkings account is safe for you. And it will do miracles for you in the IRA, if you let it. (And also if the investment options within the IRA are good... What are you investing in, and with what investment company? Do you know their fees?)  Put the money away, don't touch it. And then work with your *current* income on paying off your debts (that $15k debt needs to go!), and on building up some savings.
I'm using Brand New Day.   You can also check out meesman.nl for index funds with low fees. (But I believe they're not offering funds by Vanguard but by ... Black Rock???).    I'm using Brand New Day because they also offer specific retirement investing accounts, and I can use that because I have some "jaarruimte" left sometimes. Meesman doesn't offer retirement investing accounts.
I'm also an impatient person :-)  You're getting there, and keep going! For both your and my sake, I hope the market returns will be nice in the next few years. But you never know.
Yup. Boiling them will solve that problem right away. Make sure to check into the burn clinic though right after, as boiling your balls may lead to some pain and infection issues.  (Men with fertility issues are advised to wear lose underwear so that the temperature of their balls is lower, and to not take hot baths).
I would do an inspection on the house before buying. Costs maybe $500, can save you thousands and a lot of headaches.
I would say: it depends. And also: you can do a bit of both.   We have something similar in my country (the Netherlands). You can buy an annuity with a life insurance company and it will keep paying you the same amount every month until you die. Advantage: a steady income until the month you die. Disadvantage: you accept lower returns for this advantage.  So what I can imagine, is that a person puts in enough in such an annuity to guarantee a steady and fixed payment every month for the rest of their life (say, a guaranteed income on "minimum wage level") and that they put the rest of their money to work elsewhere.   Personally, I am putting a few thousand euros per year in a pension plan (with tax benefits), but I'm also choosing to put a few additional thousands of euros per year somewhere else.
Very different,  indeed.  Well done.  You're inspiring me!
A good CPA might indeed find ways for you to reduce your tax burden. This year, and also in the future. You could profit from possible new knowledge every year from now on.   I am in the Netherlands, and our Dutch CPA so far has saved us more money than he charges. One of the advices he gave also has allowed us to save more for retirement, which makes us feel good and more secure about the future.
Oh dear, yes, weight loss on its own can already cause lower blood pressure; and then a relatively higher dose of blood pressure medication... Time to go see the doc, quickly!  (Falls aren't funny when you're old).
One thing I did and that you shouldn't do, is accept the windowless small cupboard-sized room in the hotel. I can tell you that that's a recipe for instant depression.  On the other hand, I fondly remember the hotel in the city center of Barcelona, with my own balcony overlooking a central square, and dancers on that square on Sunday doing traditional Spanish dances. Loved it. (NB had to find it on google maps, it was hotel Colon next to the Catedral).  So: don't go cheap, spoil yourself to a nice hotel(room), and enjoy the experience.
Same here. As someone who is prone to depression, I actually also look at my cute little nieces and nephew and hope that they'll somehow be spared a bit.
Let me pitch in as well; then Ellie_Underscore and I can share the burden; and maybe some others as well?  (I live in the Netherlands, by the way).
I also don't know who told you that. It is probably not true. (Generally speaking the birth control pill gives a bit of protection against ovarian cancer, which sadly didn't protect your mother).   If it's important to you, I would discuss this with a doctor.
Have you actually discussed this with your parents?   I can imagine that you create a situation where for the first year or two you still live with one of your parents, and pay them a bit of rent every month (say 50 pounds/week) so that you help them with the bills.   Your income is pretty low, it would help if you could stay home a bit longer, until hopefully the income goes up. Your help with the rent could be valuable, as could be your help with your family's situation overall (see your little siblings more often, take care of them now and then, cook a meal now and then).
Could you tell your uncle that he'll just have to wire you the remaining $60k?   I don't know how your MIL sent the money to the US, but your uncle using cash (probably from non-declared income) is something that *you* do not want to get involved in.   If your MIL sent the money by wire from her bank account to your uncle-in-law's bank account, then this uncle should have an additional $60k sitting in his bank account, ready to send to you via traditional methods and also without needing you to fly out.
It's not easy to not spend money on stupid stuff. There are a lot of adults out there who still haven't gotten the hang of it. I know I didn't until age 27.   So if you have already stumbled across this problem now, at age 18, and it "only" cost you 2g to find out you have a problem that you need to solve, then I am glad for you, because you are now aware of the problem and can change your ways.   Putting money away in a savings account can help. Out of sight, out of mind.   Also, labeling the money helps: "this money is for my new car", it helps to have that idea about the money, you will probably be less tempted to spend it on something else.  Finally, budgeting also may help. So for example, you give yourself $50/week for fun stuff (so $200-$250/month). If you want a $1k watch, that's fine, you'll just have to save up for four months and then you can buy it. But maybe then you think about better things to do with four months of your fun money, and that's okay, too.
My dad keeps ass-porting. In the middle of conversations, he suddenly disappears. Only to return a few minutes later, laughing that it happened again.  One day he's going to end up somewhere worse than in Geneva's lake, as he did three weeks ago. We're thinking about having his teleportation rights revoked.
I live in Europe myself. So I could tell you what to do, if you lived in the Netherlands like me. But I don't know what options you have in Hong Kong. Still, I hope for you that you can indeed find a better deal than this one!
I guess I would make it a two-day wedding: one day for all the wedding pictures of the couple, the other of the real wedding, with also some pictures of the guests.
PS. No, no regrets. But I'm not you. For example, my parents have taken care of their own retirement and won't need my financial help; on the other hand, in a few years they *may* really appreciate me spending some time with/on them (to bring them to hospital appointments or something like that).
I'm sorry for your loss, too. :-(
Funny how in real life, we are just happy with the one heart that we actually have...? And sometimes treat it like shit, too. I'm looking at myself by the way, and thinking back of that delicious dinner last night...
I was a bit of an idiot as a student and spend all money that was "given" to me. Paid the price afterward (although as a Dutch student in the Netherlands, my student loans had very very reasonable conditions). So don't be as stupid as I was :-)  If you want, check out the FAQ (right-hand column), for example about budgeting and about paying down debt. Also, you could use http://unbury.us to see what regular debt payments can do to your debts.
On the upside, you have a girlfriend. ;-)
I can understand your feelings :-) . I'm a bit older than you now, but I remember also being a bit scared when being about your age and going to college somewhere else.   I'm glad that you have two parents who will still be around to give you advice. You won't live with them, but you will still be able to call or app them when you don't know something. (When I was on my own for the first time, I called them to ask how to boil potatoes, and how to do laundry... These days you can also try to google that stuff by the way). Perhaps your parents can also help you get a reliable second-hand car for little money?   So as I understand, you'll want to move out, find a room of your own for the college year. Perhaps you'll move home over summer every summer?   It's great that you have saved up some of your cash until now. That money can be really valuable to you. So keep saving cash if you can. And well done for being smart with money until now.   I think most useful advice would be to learn how to budget, and how to track your expenses.   We have a FAQ, which has a wealth of information. About [budgeting](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/index#wiki_budgeting) for example, and there's also a specific section for [15-20 year olds who are starting out](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/teachme).   One more thing is that both the internet and your local public library also have a lot of advice on all kinds of stuff. But please also remember that authors and online people can also be idiots and write stupid stuff. So be a bit careful about who you believe :-)  Checking multiple sources can often help.
Ah, I had to borrow money from them for groceries, with my also pretty decent paycheck. So same kind of wake up call for me.
I think I will also let acquantainces assume that I'm becoming a stay-at-home partner.
Well, doctors give blood to people who are at risk of death if they don't get it. If you can't get "risk-free" blood, you will take blood with a very low chance that it carries a disease.   Risk of mad cow disease/Creutzfeldt Jakob disease is considered highest in the UK, lower in the rest of Europe. Blood can't be tested for it, unfortunately. So in the UK, they just have to take blood from whatever donors they have, in the rest of Europe we (hi, I'm Dutch) ban people who lived in the UK for more than 6 months total between 1980-1996 (the time when mad cows might have been butchered and eaten), and in the US they just ban anyone who lived in Europe.
Apparently the US? I guess because they're desperate for blood. Where I live it's also 8 weeks to let your body recover.
Interesting. In the Netherlands, we have like 5 month storage of plasma-for-transfusion. So if you donate here, it gets frozen for 5 months. In the meantime we hope to see the donor again, do tests for infection again, and then if they're still healthy after 5 months, the plasma that was donated 5 months ago can be considered even a bit safer.
No, I would keep at least two months between two donations. After half a liter blood "loss", your body needs about six weeks to get your red blood cell count back to the level that is normal for you.   Three weeks is very short.
I work at a blood bank in the Netherlands.   We also don't let men donate if they had sex with another man (/ men) in the last 12 months. The reason is that the risk of HIV or hepatitis B/C infection is much higher in this group, and the tests that we do (which are the best tests in existence) don't catch an infection as soon as it has started; usually it takes a few weeks to months before the test can see the infection. This is called the window period of a test, and I wish it didn't exist, but it does.   So imagine a donor got infected a few weeks ago, donates, and the tests say everything's okay. That would mean that the blood goes to a recipient, who then has a very high risk of becoming infected.   So we try to find low-risk donors - and we exclude people who have had a recent risk of infection. This includes men having sex with men, it also includes for example people getting a piercing, or people who have been in contact with other people's blood recently.
&gt;  I had to go to the hospital last time because I fainted three times  Hmm ... I work at the blood bank in the Netherlands, and I've just told another blood donor to not come in anymore after a similar thing happened to her and we had to send her to the hospital (where she luckily recovered completely). Listen, you do good by donating blood, but not enough good to have you suffer that much from it. Also if you look at how much it costs (both in money and effort) to help you recover from one donation, I think it's more worthwhile to let someone else donate (and you do other things that help society/the community).
I guess so. Also sometimes there are some "tales" (midwive's tales or old wives tales, I guess?) that never seem to die, no matter how hard you try to kill them :-)  Some people (like you) have trouble getting their iron levels high enough, indeed, no matter how healthy they live or how well they watch their diet. Others have high levels no matter what they do.   You want hemoglobin levels to be high enough, both for the patient to get good-quality blood and for the donor to not have anemia after the donation. So I'm glad that we're always checking it. It is not nice to be send away because of it, though, I understand.
I would kindly ask your parents that they take you off of their cards as an authorized user. That way, your credit report will become empty, but in this case, empty is better. Then you can start to build your own score without their bad behaviour influencing you.  If your parents had good credit, you being an authorized user would have helped your score, and you would perhaps only be glad that *their* behaviour would be used for your score. However, unfortunately for you, your parents are fiscally irresponsible and thus their behaviour now hurts you.   Read up on the FAQ, the links the AutoModerator is referring you to, as it has lots of valuable information.
For me it's pretty easy, I add only one or two different contributions per month, so as long as I update the list once every half year at least, the amount of typing is manageable. I can understand it's different if you've got multiple investments.
Possibly. I invest a bit of my money in an index fund (it's a Dutch one) for "modern energy sources", so that I'm not only invested in just ONE solar company or ONE wind energy producer or something like that.   I would also still be careful about this, though. You're not the only person who wants to profit from this, and when there are people who want to invest in something, there is no shortage of greedy/sleezy people who will create a "product" to sell to you. Be careful is just what I want to say.  By the way, yes, I invest in this fund as I mentioned above, but only about 5% of my total assets are tied up in this particular fund, the rest of my money is in things like savings accounts and low-fee index funds. If you want to "bet" on new energy sources taking off, don't do it with *all* of your money!
I can understand that your father is a bit lost at the moment. This diagnosis is a complete shock to everybody (and I'm so sorry that it this is happening to him, and to you as a family).   I think it's important to start working on this now. That way, you can keep in good standing with the mortgage company until the house is sold (very important), and that way, you may also be able to either find an apartment/house where they will accept you with your dogs, *or* to find them the best possible new boss and make the transition smooth for them. So start exploring and acting now, and you'll have more time to work on getting the best possible outcome in this unfortunate situation.   Best of luck.
&gt; Als ik ipv 1x p/maand 1x p/2 maanden ETF's koop, zouden mijn kosten met een BINCK basic account naar beneden gaan? Is dit een juiste conclusie en is het dit waard?  Ik denk dat dit het waard is. Je belegt nog steeds gespreid, en of dat nou 1 x per maand of 1 x per 2 maanden is, dat maakt op de lange termijn niets uit.   Je krijgt inderdaad 250 euro tegoed bij aanmelden, dit is geloof ik 2 maanden houdbaar? Dus je kunt je eerste 5000-7500 euro gratis inleggen en de eerste 2 maanden ook nog gratis je maandelijkse inleg doen.   Ik heb een Binck basic account genomen, heb een groot bedrag in één keer belegd (kwam van een andere beleggingsrekening met hogere kosten), en ik ben van plan om eerst geld op de spaarrekening te sparen totdat ik weer 2000 euro heb, en dit dan in één keer te beleggen in een ETF, dat zou dan dus 10 euro kosten (want de minimum-transactiekosten voor ETFs zijn 10 euro); dat vind ik het wel waard. Ik heb ook zo'n 500 euro per maand over, dus ik verwacht dat ik dit "maar" 3 keer per jaar kan doen, maar ik vind dat ook al voldoende spreiding door de tijd heen.
&gt; we have $9,000/month of expenses, which includes our mortgage at $3,500/month, and our nannyshare at $2,000/month.   So, expenses without the mortgage and the nanny, $3500/month. And I'm also by the way pretty sure that you could drop them down further, when you have some time to think about your expenses and to arrange for better deals.  So annual expenses: $42,000 - assuming a paid-off house.  You would have a net worth of $1.3 million - plus a paid-off house. Meaning that if you had absolutely no other income during the year, you would need to spend 3.2% of your assets every year. That's a pretty safe withdrawal rate.   I would retire now; and I would look into getting your expenses down to $39k/year (for a 3% safe withdrawal rate) *or* to earn $3k-$10k/year with some kind of parttime or consulting job for one of you two.
I agree with this. I already "gave away" one job task to someone else, because I'm financially comfortable and didn't need the extra work hours/extra income that the task comes with. Now colleague A. can work those hours, grow in her career,  and make that extra income and provide for her family in a better way.
I just want to wish you good luck. I konw it can be hard for someone just starting out.
Yup. God actually *wants* you to burn in hell, that's why he tries to trick you in not believing in him.   (Lost my faith long long ago; religions have some pretty great ways of manipulating people's minds and emotions).
The investment house I was with in the Netherlands, changed the allocation of their "mixed" fund (stocks&amp;bonds in one fund) to mostly bonds *after* the drop had happened "because the markets looked glum". That's when I knew that they were, well, full of shit. I had only started investing recently with my first couple of hundred euros, so that's when I took my money out and bought index funds instead.   I also know of one prestigious Dutch wealth management firm where multiple clients where suing them for losing the clients' money. I know because one of their wealth managers was an acquaintance.
