I've been really upset about the massacre in SC this week.  This photo made me cry but it gave me a little relief that the world was still good.
I made some chicken stock this week which I froze.  I brought my cornish hens to be slaughtered last weekend and the guy who was doing the gutting told me that the feet were full of collagen, Glucosamine chondroiten, and protein.  So with some trepidation, I googled chicken feet broth and stewed some cleaned and scraped feet for an entire day with spices and some veggies.  Actually tasted real good!
Well I had some friends looking over my shoulder and saying the same thing and I had second and third thoughts about it but in the end it tasted great.  It has alot of protein, condroytin for joint repair and collagen so it has some redeeming factors.
She may have had a thyroid condition.  One of my ancestors was photographed with big bulging eyes.. she died very young.  High thyroid runs in our family.
As a native born Vermonter I would hope that the audience would attend, politely say nothing as he spoke and gesticulated, at the end, say "aya" or "nice day for it"....get up and leave.
I know... but I have lived in countries that are much more corrupt and people not so nice....believe it or not.
Not so sure.. If Bernie doesn't get the nod, so many dems that gave $$$ to Sanders will be really really lower than a snake in a ditch. I can't stand Hillary personally.
I was in the barn feeding the chickens.  The radio was on in the corner of the barn.  as I poured the layer mash into the trough, I suddenly heard this screeching  voice from that corner above the din of chickens clucking .  I cringed and the bucket of mash shook in my hands and the mash fell all over the floor.  Fucking Palin.  ...That mash is expensive.
"I take Wall Street Money.. My husband takes Wall Street money...my daughter married a hedge fund manager, the President who I love dearly all of a sudden takes Wall Street money......."  Vote FOR  ME!!
We do have things pretty good here.  Hell... I live near a Wegmans.  But try seeing a doctor in a hurry...try starting a business....try going to college almost anywhere other than a community college....I know I don't have to go out a hunt squirrels in the morning to survive....but I'd like America to be better.
Its particularly grating to me... I watched her from across the street a few months ago when she went at night w/o announcement to another big benefit dinner with Corning Inc's top chiefs who are all Republican and not ashamed of letting everyone know about it.  They were hedging their bets I guess.
I've got one right in my district...I super asshole and I'll bet he has Bernie's picture on a dartboard in his house.  He would get far further with Hillary than he would with Bernie which isn't saying much.  So you vote for old Hillary who just loves those bankers and I'll vote for Bernie who I've known (not personally) since the 70's back in Burlington.  He's a good guy and worth a second look.
I told my cousin and her husband to do early voting.  FeelTheBern!
Love it.  I wanted so much to look like Emma Peel when I was a kid!!!
He comes from VT.  All my uncles hunted.  Vermont is rural and hunting has always been a tradition.  I know nothing much about guns but I would always trust Bernie's judgement and I'm a f'ng liberal.
Alot of negative comments.  My own feelings are what the lady with the green contacts and chiseled pulls said yesterday and what trump will say about her will be all we are going to hear for 3 solid miserable months.  And yes, nothing about Americans and jobs and climate change.  Just mudslinging over and over all summer long.
At 74 and one of the only honest .Senators in the senate, I'd say he's hardly needing attention.  He makes the other two career 1%er's look pretty lame.
I understand.  Trump makes me want to vomit but Hillary and Bill back in the White House does not give me a warm fuzzy either.
I subscribed.  I just hope Bernie can take his arguments to Philly and be heard  The thought of Hill and orangeman shouting insults at each other for the next 3 months afterwards is downright depressing.
They anointed Hillary.  They had her picked already and with the system as it is, she was bound to win.  I watched her walk into a $1000 a plate fundraiser dinner in my town hosted by a bunch of Republican CEO's.  I'm sorry.. I cannot endorse a rigged system.  I will wait till after the convention in Philly but I probably will not vote for her.  She is an establishment queen.
Medicare for all as Bernie would have had it.  The insurance industries are for profit and therefore probably not the best way to make for a healthy nation.  Many of my friends are on Obamacare are less than happy with what they got and what the navigators did for them to get them on Obamacare.  I'm happy its there but it really needs to be paid for by our taxes and not have insurance companies involved.
Oh I wish I could have some.
I always found it a depressing movie.  I related as Tennessee did to Stella. "I have always depended on the    Kindness of strang'as"
I can't watch it.  It makes me very sad.
Me too..  but I think its via DNC.  Whatever. I ain't voting or donating  her.
I love this dish!!!  I make it often and have with steamed rice.
I probably just won't vote or write in Bernie.
I'm sure your chicken had a much better life than Eggland's hen's. https://www.change.org/p/as-a-worker-at-eggland-s-best-i-uncovered-sickening-animal-cruelty-please-help-me-end-it?utm_source=action_alert&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_campaign=606476&amp;alert_id=CmaGqTuyqF_x6GUGseUeTvF9saKRUwOvUVUuSZmaARdmVhCqkVGNys%3D
For me its like going back in time.  Now we will have that leering, creepy Bill in the White House again.
I'm a Bernie supporter and I feel the same way.
I'm still crying over my bottle of Bass Ale that Elizabeth Warren became a total hypocrite and has joined with Hillary who is joined at the hip with big banks, big pharma, and big big business and doesn't give a flying shit about any American making less than a 1%er.
I don't know how his wife can bed down at night with that mess.
My Mom sez that the Representatives and Senators (but mostly the Reps) had better not come back home to their districts for fear of losing their scalps.
You tell that CLoset Muslim a thing or two girl!!! He needs to be put in his place!  I gotta go get more cheetos and hit the shitter!
I grew mine outside this summer and the nugs were very small.  Must have been climate change.
That was a good one but no, I'm channeling Steven King.  I keep recalling the Shining.
That would be pretty much it.  I had a similar setup along my hens' chicken run.  It was just cut into the 4 lenghts needed to go around the enclosure.  I had mine attached with wire b/c it was permanent but in your case, the clips would work and you could just quickly detach and attach when you move the tractor. Or just lay a few rocks on it to hold it in place.  It would be a little more work but you would sleep better at night.
Bernie's plan was better.  Medicare for all.  The public option.  No Insurers.  But the old white boys of the Republicans said no no no no no no no no no no back in 2008.  And this is what we got.  Its not great but its the best the admin could do.  I was for Bernie's plan.  Now we are going to get nothing at all.
He never pays up.  He stiffed he caterer at his wedding.
I can't remember a popular one.
I feel that way. I think the whole country is feeling the same way.
Discounted at my local Sams to about 16 bucks.  Worth the read now cuz its inspiring and Trumpet is so uninspiring.
Mine freezes up after I hit the continue button alot.  It takes awhile to unfreeze.
I will have to try that with one of my sourdough loaves.  That looks great!  Thanks!
I love an old rooster cooked slowly in a dutch oven with water and seasonings for hours and hours.  Its almost nothing when it is done but it can be desiccated and used in risottos, soups, chicken and biscuits, chicken and gravey on toast or a potato.  I love an old rooster.  Old roosters brings out the Julia Child in me.
Beautiful.  I can almost project myself right into the waters below.
I've seen puppies at the Humane Society that were sexually abused.  I want to take a baseball bat to whoever does this shit.
There is a book floating around on Ebay called "Abraham Lincoln and the Sleeping Sentinel of Vermont" by Waldo Glover printed sometime in the 1930's.  I got a copy from my cousin's lady friend who got it there.  It is probably the most accurate description of this tale of the boy solider from the backwoods of Groton VT.  The incident happened at the very beginning of the war when union posts flanked Washington and posted guards around the Southern part of the Potomac river  in an effort to guard against a possible Confederate invasion of the capitol.  Scott was with the 3rd Vermont volunteers as I recall, one of the first to actively participate in the war effort.  Vermont regiments like all regiments at that time were very closely knit in an unfamiliar place, far from home.  Nobody really knows why he fell asleep.  Covering for a sick comrade was one thought.  Others suggest that most of the northern recruits were subject to dysentery from the swampy marshlands that surrounded Washington (Trump's SWAMP).  When you don't feel well, you sleep alot.  But then the story gets muddied by all the attention it brought about.  It was the first propaganda story from the war similar to the Jessica Lynch story at the onset of the Iraq war and drummed up support for the war during the very beginning of the conflict.  There was a long poem written about the Scott case that was published and recited at events and public gatherings. Most people were very critical of executing him.  His execution would have brought unfavorable attention to the Union cause that had just begun and needed support from Americans.  The NYT, the Boston Herald and newspapers in Vermont carried stories about the incident.  (In the 20's there was a radio drama written about Scott and Lincoln).  As Wikipedia says, its unlikely Lincoln personally visited the 3rd VT at the Chain bridge where they were stationed.. He more than likely wrote the pardon at the urgings of Chittenden, another Vermonter who was a close aide to the President.  It is more likely that the general commanding the VT brigade (another Vermonter) wanted to make a lesson from Scott's failure on guard duty and scare hell out of the troops by setting him up for the execution. They brought him out that morning and had selected a group of 4 to fire at him.  They pinned a white circle of cloth on his blouse and 3 were given blanks and 1 had an active bullet. At the last moment, the pardon issued by Lincoln was read and he was released.  The following spring, he took part in McClellen's failed Peninsula campaign and was killed while carrying another soldier away from a futile attempt to rush a Confederate fortification surrounded by a swamp.  Scott took 5 or more bullets. He never would have said anything since he was unconscious after receiving the bullet wounds until his death the next day.  Whatever happened, it was more myth than reality but made for a good story and helped the war effort.  My Dad's side of the family claims to be related to the Scott family but I've never found the connection in all my research.
I just read this as :  Betty Davis hearing was insulting...(I'm really tired).  I hope Betsy Devos drives off a long pier in a big car.
Rtrain has never had to pay up for (his/her) care as yet.  Never had his/her heart stop had to get an ambulance (500 bucks) to go to emergency (500 bucks) and stay several days at hospital (2000 bucks) and then have to get extended care (3000 bucks) for CT and MRI scans to figure out what the hell is wrong and then therapy ($$$) then the cost of prescription meds to ensure it won't happen again ($$$$$$$$$)...
