True.   I am willing to trade [my car]( http://i.imgur.com/MBJPV1n.jpg) , [my dog]( http://i.imgur.com/VzcTgeD.jpg) , and a couple [Heady Toppers]( http://i.imgur.com/Z8ibGqL.jpg) for a beat up M5.  This should happen soon, because I'm moving to Texas.
I did it twice, and it took around an hour.  Cost $30.00.
Not from personal experience. Check the 9-5 sections of Saabcentral.com and Saablink.net.    I owned a bunch of c900s and a 9000.
I was at work making wine labels, and it was too loud to hear anything, so I broke tradition and read an article.
Once the machine starts, I'm a slave to it... waiting around to do my work.
Mechanically its a more analog driving experience. As far as maintenance, I'm not a good source of info... I've never owned one.    There are quite a few folks here that can answer that question though.
There was a core group of 8-10 of us who stayed together for 3.5+ years in the USMC from 2002-2006.  It's smarter to keep people together if you can.
wife*  I'll take it though.
Thanks mom, but it turned out OK.
There were at least seven or eight beers for sale while I was there. And we became good buddies with the civilians there.  They could go to the international airport whenever they wanted, and would get us handles of whatever hard liquor we wanted at the duty-free there.
True story... while we were sitting there, a bee landed on my thumb.   http://i.imgur.com/dhxzFVb.jpg
Seems silly, is all.  Whatever, I'm just going to kiss my wife even harder the next time I see her.
It's basically a product of the "want what you can't have" mindset.  It's pretty hard to find, even in the Bay Area, let alone by beer lovers anywhere else in the USA.    I think it's a really good beer, as well, and agree that it probably doesn't deserve as much hype as it gets anymore.    I'll still buy it/drink it every week, and try out new brews the other six days.    I brought some Heady Topper cans back from a trip to NH/VT not too long ago, and gave one to a co-worker who is a huge Pliny fan.  He shared the can of Heady with four or five of his friends, and they really enjoyed trying out some other top-level (over-hyped, or not... ) beer.    I'm moving away from California in a few months and know that I'll miss having easy access to Pliny.  It may not be the best in absolute terms, but it's much better than most stuff, and I like it.
My wife brought me some Prairie bottles back from a work trip, and boy, was I pleasantly surprised.
North of Santa Cruz.
Wish I could help you out.  I lived in the western part of the state, away from the Masshole influence.  I bet you could find some spots north of you, in the less populated areas.   Google local gun clubs, and/or shooting forums, and ask around there.
Is anyone getting the OTA yet? It's 0712 here in Oakland, CA, and I'm still on 4.4.4.
PTC makes parts for a lot of other companies.  Think about how many foundries there are...   I interned there for a fun summer and saw a lot of neat stuff pass through.
Adding RAM will help, and won't break the bank too much.  What version of OSX are you running? How cluttered is your Desktop? How old is your HDD? How full is your HDD? Last time you had a clean install of OSX?  FWIW my wife has a 2010 MBP w/4gb RAM, and it bogs down too.  I occasionally Repair Disk permissions and run CCleaner and DR. Cleaner on her machine for a temporary fix.  She'll need to max out the RAM and install a SSD to extend the useful life of her machine.
My sister did it in my dad's old autobox Ford Ranger.  When she shifted from D to N she kept going into R, and locked up the rear-end.  Luckily she got it out of R before the ass-end spun around.
What line of work are you in?  Seems like a lot of Kevlar for stateside.    But to be fair, folks will drop $200,000 on a super-car that will never see a track or traffic.
Mine works fine.
When you spend all your time at the mall, or on a benchrest.
Yes. I was there for a short time, after the new management group took over.  It was rocky for the first couple years, but they're doing much better now.
On my old 9000 I'd let the engine get up to temp (nice and warm); go for a 30 min. drive first.  Then I'd spray the engine with the car running.  The grime would come off easier, and the hit engine bay would evaporate the water.    Don't aim at electrical connections or tiny seals, and you'll be fine.    Once you're done, go for another 10-15 minute drive to dry things out.
Sorry.  It does have the fixed FSB (front sight base).  IIRC, there is a difference between the A2 and A4 iron sights because the detachable carry handle raises the rear sight slightly.  This means the front sight on flat-top uppers use a separate FSB (same as A4) as well.    The elevation adjustments are also different on the rear sights between the A2 and A4.  I don't remember all the details.  It's been  a while since I handled an M16A4, and longer since I had an A2 that I needed to sight in.
I'm actually curious.  My current car has been paid off for a bit, and I'm moving in a month to Texas for school, and am looking to get a 4wd rig for the beach/exploring/camping/fun and/or a 9-5 Aero because I miss having a Saab.    I've been spoiled with one of the best chassis ever made (E39 540i) and realized how much my 9000 Aero flexed even with a strut tower brace/Konis/SAS Sway bars.
I would love to use my tub as a way to help take better gun pics, but it's pink.   My whole bathroom is pink.
Moving next month. Hopefully the new tub is from this century.
Awesome! I had Edward, George, and one other on my last trip to VT.
Thus reminds me that I need to send a few bottles to my buddies back east.  They've only been waiting for 2 years.
The one time I had to go it was painless.  Place looked like it was doing pretty well.  Ymmv.
My Right Foot.
It may be morbid, but it's not really an outlandish statement.  Last night in Emeryville ( a 5-10 minute drive from the shooting today) there was a 22-shot barrage between two cars in a parking lot.    A day or two before that there were more shots fired.    I actually expect there to be more tonight, but am happy that it's not total mayhem out around the lake.  I live right there, and that Lake Merritt area just north of the lake is where I like to go out to eat and drink.    It was nice seeing all those tourists from SF come into Oakland today, and I'm sure the local businesses are enjoying some extra patronage, but let's not pretend as though there also isn't/wasn't a contingent of morons who came by to see what was up and act like crazy because they could.    Or, it could have just been a shooting that was going to happen whether there was a huge parade today or not.
My wife is 30, and stopped coloring/treating/dying (sp?) her hair after she added up all the things she's done to it.  She figures she's spent around $18,000 since she started doing it.
I sold my A4orgery a few years ago for that much to a nice guy who really thought that all AR production was going to be halted.  It was a little strange.  Guy had a ton of money (owned a small construction company) and was a perfectly rational and calm human.  He didn't even haggle... I just blurted out $1500.00 and he handed me a wad of $100s.
Why I would have a hard time paying attention and understanding a topic in class, with a book full of the answers, and a human explaining it all.  Yet, I will lock onto a random concept/idea/topic I find accidentally online and spend hours learning all about it until it makes (mostly) sense.
I've had one for two years.  I'm more better than you.
No clue.  She's a blonde at heart.  Wallet was only going to support for so long.
I'm actually not a huge fan of sitting in a chair for all that.
Damn. Moving to Galveston and thought about getting one.
The point of being frugal is to feel good about your money, and your life.  Right?    Anyway, my car was bought used.  Been paid off for a while now.  It's a fun car.  I love it.  Probably like $60k when brand new, and I paid 1/10th of that.  Do as much DIY maintenance as possible, and drive the hell out of it.
My car may not be *quite* as reliable as yours over the time that I've owned it, but because I walk or bike to work I save massively on wear and tear/consumables.
My brother had one left over from one of his pumps to Iraq and let me try it out.
Thanks for posting this.  I wasn't aware it was available.
1030pm in CA.
I was refunded the full amount I paid to have my logic board replaced.  Set up a phone call with an Apple rep, and talk to them about it.
[I've just done this](http://i.imgur.com/mg9FMM1.jpg) since moving to a state that requires a front plate, and stopped worrying.
You should come experience Galveston.  TAMUG is on a tiny desolate island, with one gas station, one bar, and 1000 maritime academy virgins who drive their daddy's trucks 500ft. from the dorms to the commuter lot so they have to walk less.
Thanks for that link.  I had no idea I was standing on two ticking time-bombs. Now I'm scared to go running on the beach with my dog. *
