Some friends of mine at University of Tennessee in 76 were taking a course in the geology of the National Parks.  The professor didn't know jack shit about the pronounciations, and I am forever stuck with "Too-o-loom Meadows" in my mind.  Tuolumne is pronounced tuh-WALL-uh-mee, folks.
I was in college and was visiting a friend at CalTech the Tuesday  before the original Star Wars opened.  Went to dinner with him, they made an announcement at dinner that there was going to be car pooling sign ups for a trip to see it that Friday.    Much cheering and hollering ensued.
I worked for the guy who brought those locomotives to our railroad many years ago as general manager.  He totally ignored the practicalities of using those engines for our service, and they were in the shop half the time - couldn't make transition, all sorts of electrical problems.
My mom asked me what I wanted for Christmas.  I did a lot of baking, and I needed a good pyrex measuring cup.  She got me a cheap plastic  measuring cup instead.
Classic fatherhood moment for my brother-  Step daughter, loudly,  in crowded shopping mall "You are NOT my father"  She was a bit of trouble to raise.
Yes, I recognize that, but some banksters did sell to individual investors.  Our local school district played the market by borrowing at their tax exempt rate and investing in MBS securities at a higher rate.  Value of the underlying investment crashed pretty much as soon as they bought it.  Mucho buckos for the lawyers later, they got their money back - S&amp;P had applied a rating that was obviously fraudulent.
Thanks for confirming that I made the right decision to not get a trampoline for my kids when they were growing up.
I saw Russ Feingold's notes for a 20-30 minute speech at the state Democratic convention.  One page with about 50 words handwritten on it.
Not hard to miss them in the grass.  I came within two feet of mowing one of them with the haybine.
I saw all sorts f two legged animals in the city.
i used to work for a railroad.  One day in winter, I had to go out and look at a diamond (a place where tracks cross each other) and looked and listened before I walked up to the diamond.  Within a minute, I had a train practically on top of me - they can be very quiet if there is snow on the ground.
I ship stuff by rail, in my own cars.  Each car is specialized for the commodity it hauls.  Goes back empty to the origin point for the next load.  Generally, only boxcars and flatcars have a chance of being loaded both ways.  But even for those, there are predominate directions of loaded travel , such as hauling lumber and paper out of forested regions towards consumers, but not much headed back towards the forested region.
Not a sensitive spot - it happened before I met my ex - no apology needed.  I just post this whenever I read about people using strangling to enhance the sexual experience so that we don't have horny teens left ignorant and in the dark about what could go wrong.
I didn't say it would stop him - it'll be hilarious when somebody asks him  "Are you in favor of voter id requirements?"  Of course, he'll say yes, "to prevent voter fraud."  Then the followup question will be "But didn't you illegally vote for Ronald Reagan yourself?"  (Walker claims to have voted for Reagan in '88, but he was to young to vote in that election.)  No Jiffy Pop for me this election, I want the good stuff - air popped, plenty of real butter.
I'm not talking about a 90% marginal top rate like we had under Eisenhower.  But certainly something higher then the 15% rate that is paid on long term capital gains.  (BTW, at the rate I'm going, I do expect to be in the upper 10% this year under normal accounting rules, but I won't pay a lot of taxes because of the accelerated depreciation rules)
&gt; Accelerated depreciation is a loophole that leftists hate.  When you can write off a railcar in 7 years (they have a 50 year life) or a nuclear power plant in 15 years, with similarly ridiculous short tax depreciation lives for all other kinds of machinery, that's a distortion that subsidizes capital goods as compared to labor.  So any profit maximizing business is going to spend a little more on machinery to replace labor than if the deprecition schedules were more reasonably related to the life of the equipment.  Capital begets tax laws begets more profit.  The money holders win again.  Back in the late 1970's people were buying railcars as investments.  They'd put 20% down, got 10% back as investment tax credit, plus double declining balance depreciation.  They would send the railcars out onto the national system to earn per diem rents, and be earning well over a 75% RONI because of the way financing and tax laws interact.  When I buy capital goods for my small business, the banker wants to see what it does to my taxes.  And if I can get Uncle Sam to effectively pay for 25-30% of my capital purchases, my banker is happy.  i think it is helpful for small businesses, because it is so difficult to get capital, but bad for employment in the long run.
Yes I do it because if I want a loan from my banker, he would think I'm nuts not to.  I disagree with the rules, but I have to play the game within the rules.
I'm still paying off debt from a spectacularly bad year in 1999.  I could have declared bankruptcy and walked away with the home intact, but no, I decided to do the right thing, borrowed money, and paid off my suppliers.  At this point, I'm just making sure I have enough for a reasonable  retirement.  I'm only paying myself half of what I earned 20 years ago working for another company.  And the last thing I want is more "stuff".
&gt;Reasonable retirement of at least 10 mill?  Now you're being an asshole.  I'm thinking $2 million, and I'm 57 already, so I have to get crackin'.
It's always easy to create scenarios where you will need MOAR GUNZ, be it firing speed or magazine capacity.  "The little old lady might have her home invaded by a gang of 30 thugs on PCP.  She needs a fully automatic gun with 100 round magazine to take them down if that ever happens."  &gt;I live in black and grizzly territory, and also boar/Javelina territory.  Javelina and grizzlies don't share the same range.....and generally  boars and bears live at different elevations.  Wikipedia lists the weight of a full grown adult javelina as 44 to 88 pounds.  And you're worried about that?  Or are  you worried about little old ladies out on their ATV's being attacked by javelinas? I smell something.....  Keeps your scenarios realistic, and don't expect the vast majority of us to be subject to 100 round drum magazines just because you want to go out and tempt the bears.
Sale *and possession* of extended magazines or kits to extend should be illegal.  It's a little harder to rig up such a large boulder than going to a store to get a gun.  The "Mental health! Mental health!" cry is just a diversion for the NRA to delay any action on equipment.  Yes, it is a  problem.  And yes, I wish the media wouldn't publicize the shooter's names to discourage those who are seeking fame.    But because mental health is such a squishy science - one man's psych's psycho may fall within another psych's range of normal - it is very hard to legislate.  However, I do favor the legislation like what they have in California - relatives can request confiscation of guns from people whom they have concerns, and the individual has a right to get a hearing within 21 days.  I've known a couple of people whom I would have liked to invoked that law on.
Got my son believing that the [Mount Sutro Tower](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sutro_Tower) was the crate the Transamerica Pyramid came in.
I still hold a grudge against Sears.  I applied for a Sears card out of college - I had a good paying job with a major company, I had graduated in three years from college, but was denied.  My brother, who took five years to graduate and didn't have a job, got a mailing for one, applied, and got it.  37 years later, I still hold that grudge.
We we moved to a farm, we took our kids in to the doctor for shots, checkups, etc.  The previous owners had horses, and the doctor told us to let the kids run around barefoot to get little nicks and cuts with tetanus germs so they would be naturally immune.  Better than the shot, she said.
I was thinking more along the lines of "Draw me like those french girls".  Maybe it's been too long since I've had any sex......
&gt; would require a very large (illegal) immigrant labor force likely from Mexico to do all the weeding,   I've done some damn fine weed control just by panting rye as a cover/plowdown crop and cultivating, thank you.  Rotary hoes and the cultivation tools made by the [Bezzerides Brothers](http://bezzerides.com/) make it pretty easy, actually.
I'm on Reddit.
In college, I was stopped on the sidewalk by a gal who asked if I was looking for a summer job.  I asked what it was, and she said she couldn't really explain it at the moment, but emphasized it was for a subsidiary of the LA Times.  Kind of an orangeish flag, but I decided to show up the following evening because the LA Times was a respectable company.  It was a group interview of 10-12 people, they were selling these student reference books that seemed kind of worthless, but it was more of a presentation than an interview.  It hit me *"They're selling me on this job.  It must be shitty."*  It actually turned into a high pressure sales pitch for a job doing high pressure sales pitching door to door.  You'd go to Memphis (it's now Nashville) on your own dime for the initial training, and then work on the on other side of the country (so it would be more difficult for you to quit and get back).    Yes, folks, it was the [Southwestern Company](http://www.scam.com/showthread.php?25239-Southwestern-Company-a-scam/), which at the time was a subsidiary of the LA Times.  I was looking for an out, when the presenter said "Now I'm sure there are some of you who aren't interested after hearing about this job.  If so, we can part as friends now..."  I  stood up faster than I thought possible, said "Dinner is more important than this." and walked out, and a couple other did too.  I'm sure once those of us walked out, we were tagged by the presenter as losers, and those who stayed were the strong winners, etc. etc.
&gt; ...but our rights really have been under attack...  While my physical body has been under attack.....
The NRA keeps saying the first steps should be keeping guns out of the hands of the mentally ill.  Seeing as how the mentally ill A. Half the time don't recognize they are ill, and B. half the time refuse to get help; then how are you going to keep guns away from the mentally ill?    This strikes me as a reasonable way to achieve that goal.  I have a cousin who certainly should not have guns, I also have a friend who, if you read his internet postings, should not have guns.    How else are we gong to stop these crazies from getting guns?
I once had a creationist apologetic tell me that Hovind's alma mater, "Patriot University" was a "distinguished academic institution".
In 1972, two buddies and I were riding our bicycles from San Jose to Malibu.  After a night of camping at Pinnacles Nat'l Monument (now a Nat'l Park) we got up real early because we had a long hot day ahead of us.  It was just starting to show where the sun would be rising when we left the park, and the road goes out through a valley.  We started hearing noises on the hillsides above us.  The noise could only be described as half machine, half animal.  We all started pedaling a little faster, and we kept hearing it, but none of us said anything.  We just kept incrementing our speed up a little faster, a little faster, until we were practically sprinting the hell out of there.  We got to the junction with the highway, didn't bother with the stop sign and headed south, still close to sprinting speed.  After a little while, we took a break at the top of a hill, and then we all confirmed we had heard it, noted how freaky it was, and that was the end of it.
&gt; That had been true since the beginning in Sacramento when Reagan was inaugurated as governor at midnight because, it was reported, that was the hour this woman set after perusing the zodiac.   I remember there were reports at the time that the midnight swearing in was done because he feared "the communists" would disrupt the inauguration.
There's also the psychic income of working at a university in a generally relaxed atmosphere and the opportunity to teach a new generation of young people the things you know.  Some people value those things over the almighty buck.
The building is on winter hours 8-4 Mon-Thursday, 8-3 on Fridays.  One report I read said there are only 12 militia types in the building, a report that came from a woman who is a sympathizer who brought them food.  I'm tempted to call the building and ask them WTF is going on?
&gt; arson that did less than $1000 in damages  I know a lot of that area is sagebrush, but I suspect they did more than $1000 in damages when burning 140 acres.
This is actually very true - in Yosemite, bear human conflicts are down by 85%, and there's been a corresponding drop in property damage to cars.  Further, it has changed the whole bear/human dynamic.  Bears know they can't get food from backpackers out on the trail because they use bear canisters.  So they rarely bother the backpackers, and if they do, they aren't aggressive, the are timid and can easily be scared away.  I hiked the 211 mile John Muir Trail 2013-2015.  Did not see a single bear on the trail.  Only saw one 25 minutes after finishing my 2014 segment at the trailhead at Road's End in King's Canyon - 15 miles off the trail.
My business sells road salt.  I've been down in a couple of salt mines in the US.  Unless the lift stopped in the middle, it's no biggie.  It's still kind of no biggie if it does stop in mid-lift or descent, because they have an open top that you can easily drop down a man-basket to winch the miners up one at a time.  Even if it stopped at the bottom, all modern mines in the US have a second way out, usually done through a ventilation shaft.  It's only if the miners are in a location underground where a collapse could isolat them from both shafts that it would be a problem.  The biggest deposit of salt runs from Hutchinson,KS to Carlsbad NM.  It's a mix of salt, gypsum, potash (potassium chloride) and other chlorides in trace amounts.  It varies in thickness, some places as much as 500 feet thick, but the road salt mines in Kansas only mine out a layer of 10-15 feet thick, because that's the only strata that is pure enough to meet the purity level required for road salt (95% pure).
I used the TCPA to sue some junk faxers (TravelComm,etc.) back around 2004 but didn't collect.  Are you having any success collecting from the travel faxers?
Back when personalized place first came out, I personally saw the 4 PLAY in California, and reportedly there is a TI 3VOM out there (think about it as viewed in a rear view mirror).  [My all time favorite, though...](http://thestir.cafemom.com/toddler/114641/license_plate_advises_eat_the)
Buddy of mine from high school pilots for American.  For a long time, was 6,000 seniority positions above a former astronaut.
Peter, Paul, and Mary for me.
When I pay my Chase credit card, the money is withdrawn from my Chase checking account instantaneously, but is not credited to the credit card until the following day.  Chase says it's because the checking account is actually Chase - Wisconsin, but the credit card is Chase - South Dakota.
I think my blood sugar level just climbed 100 points, yeeech!  Well, actually it's probably my blood saccharin level.....
I married a gal who wasn't quite honest with me about how much of a believer she was.  I helped her when she became youth leader at her church (I didn't go to church at all), but her mother and her minister kept on telling her she had to leave me, because I was not a believer.  Finally she started saying I was a sinner, and I just wasn't going to put up with that crap.  33 year marriage, now over. (There were other issues, I wasn't the perfect attentive hubby, but the whole religion thing became a big problem.)  You might have a chance to dodge a bullet here.
Buddy of mine has a machine business that makes cam parts for VW.  VW built a plant in China, the Chinese required 50% of the cams be manufactured there.  All the sudden my buddy got an order for 100% of the cams to come from him.  The Chinese just couldn't produce a quality cam, and VW got an exemption from the 50% rule.
A little over a year ago.
The phone book is definitely dying.  Years ago, they were really aggressive about getting my business to advertise in the Yellow Pages, and the ads I bought were $400 per month.  I've cut back a bit, but it's only $100 per month now, and the book is this pathetically skinny thing that couldn't be used to whap a spider anymore.
&gt;And she fooled me very well.  I thought the way she cried was way too forced, and was suspicious of the whole thing.    Besides, why would soldiers do that?  They have better targets to work on instead of taking babies out of incubators.
I'll help you out, OP.  It says "I love puppies"
