So I just recently reset my game and am working towards the 266 prestige for the first ascension. Any ideas for when a good second ascension or even subsequent ascensions should be?     I use cookie monster to keep track of golden cookies, but I do not use an auto clicker, I just manually click during clicking frenzies.     I play pretty casually so I don't need a huge math break down.
So I'm a little shaky on the registration for the competition that rewards the shiny mewtwo? I have a player ID and it states my Play! Points total (currently 0). Is that it for registration? Or do I need to do something for the tournament itself? I plan on throwing 6 pretty trash pokemon into my battle box doing one fight just to get mewtwo.
I'd love a cyndaquil in exchange for an oshawott or tepig.     I can trade now otherwise I'm on my way to bed and I'd be back on in ~10 hours, the Oshawatt is male, adamant, X/31/31/31/31/X and the Tepig is male, jolly, 31/X/X/31/31/X.
Thanks.     Nothing specifically popped up and said thanks for signing up for the "2016 International Challenge June."     I clicked "Online competitions" like it said, but I just got to the time line of events.      Trying to click the window for the event it just gives me the info, not any sign up.     I think that means I'm already signed up @_@???
Sure I'm free till ~2am EST.
Sure I'm free till ~2am EST.
I'll send you a male Froakie then, figure that's fair. Adding you now.
I Just got an HA cyndaquil so you're off the hook! Thank you so much for the kindness :D.
Damn internet crashed, I'll use my phone hotspot so it won't crash mid-trade.
Well I got the mudkip, take 5 for the other two x-x     Sorry for all the trouble! Thanks so much!
No problem I should be around.     I would just be looking for Turtwig and Piplup if you have it. Happy to give you a torchic, mawile, and Froakie.
That would be great! I'm just missing Turtwig and Piplup atm :D.     I was sleeping when you sent that, sorry for the delay!
Sorry I went to bed early. Any chance now works?
I'll try to be on but I keep missing you because that's 1am my time.
That's fine, I'm in no rush I just felt bad that I kept missing you lol. I don't mind just waiting till tomorrow if you'd like :D
Hey so I was able to get a Turtwig and Piplup from someone over on the pokemon giveaway subreddit. Happy to give you a Froakie and an HA piplup now that I have one! For free even lol, unless you have something extra lying around?
You online? I'd like to close the thread but I wanted to give you the Piplup and Froakie before I did?
I think a Riolu sounds good. I'm all set on Kangaskhan I have a 5IV Dream Ball Female one that at some point I'll get around to breeding and giving away it's children.      Would you like DB Bagon?
I'm looking to improve my breedables list, most of my breedables have 2-3 egg moves already. So I'm hoping to fill the last 1-2 moves. The list on the right are the options of not learnable/tutorable/TM-able egg moves. So I'd only need the specific number, but more wouldn't hurt I'd just remove the one's I didn't want. I just ask you use your best judgement of what is the "best choice" on the list *shrug* rather than what's the easiest to breed, but I'm not picky. I'm looking for comp males, and will trade 1:1 Comp female breedables.
Huh, cool! Thanks lol. I've only done very basic things with conditional formatting.
I removed Secret Power from the list and updated my Male LF List a bit. I'll happily take an Oddish off your hands in exchange for 1 Comp 5IV Female (Or 2 Imperfect 5IV's or 3 Imperfect 4 IV's). Let me know if you have anything else to offer as well :)
Finished breeding your Pokemon :) let me know if you're adding any of those moves, I'll throw in an extra 4IV breedable for each of the optional egg move requests
/u/bunnuii Hey we kinda fell out of contact with each other because of the release of Pokemon Sun and Moon. I wanted to check in and apologize for not being better about following up. Let me know if you still want to trade. Though my FT and LF lists have probably changed since then. Just wanted to make sure there were no hard feelings!
/u/JuliusPrime Hey I realized I never got back to you about the Tyrogue so long ago. With the changes in Sun/Moon for male only breeding I get it if you're no longer interested but I just figured I'd touch base and say sorry for not messaging you sooner. I do have a Comp 5IV Pokeball Hitmonlee if you're interested :)
Really sorry I got caught up. Thanks for trade! Fantastic that they're different gender. Makes things easier.
I can definitely trade tomorrow, but what time I can't promise. I'm supposed to be hanging out with a friend in the evening and over night, but I'm not sure starting when or when I leave, which I know is unhelpful...
My sheets all nice and updated, thanks again for all your help! [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1u3r4QVcBDIJigxXzFXUc1hlaEl8bA57wWm7vQIIAL1k/edit#gid=644925762) is my sheet if you want to check it out.      I've got something nifty going on the sheet which at the click of a hidden button it updates the "5IV's For Trade" Tab with all on hand breedables :). Which is why there is such an obscene number of rows on my breedables sheet. It just hides and unhides them from the sheet.
Well I only have DBHA to offer so post the list when you get a chance.
That's fine I'll be in bed by then but you can check out the sheet I provided to see if I have any of the 20ish. You have at least a few I don't, I'm missing 60ish DBHA lol.
Sure! I'm still breeding in Gen 6 till bank opens if you're interested ;D
Well I breed Comp Pokemon in Gen 6 So I can hook you up with that.  [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/comments/5ltxio/ft_2_na_genesect_codes6ivsdbhaluxha_lf_dbhaluxha/) if you're interested.
Just noticed this edit. Do you have Lux Mimikyu? Because I don't have Jangmo-o? I can't IV breed on Moon yet.
Sure I'd be looking for 4 Comp 5IV pokemon from my want list in exchange for those two. My want list consists of DBHA and LuxHA with 4EM, DBHA genderless pokes, and specific EM Males. Let me know whatever is easiest for you.   Edit: Though now that I think about it I think I did 3:1 for my last foreign 6IV trade. Would this be alright, so 6 Comp 5IV's?
I edited my previous message a little late, Though now that I think about it I think I did 3:1 for my last foreign 6IV trade. Would this be alright, so 6 Comp 5IV's?
So I sadly cannot offer DBHA Stunky but I would like to offer other DBHA's. I'd be looking for Comp 5IV and I know many people aren't interested in doing that much breeding. If you're not interested in Comp 5IV I trade 1:2 5IV imperfect breedables or 1:3 4IV breedables. My sheet can be seen [here](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1u3r4QVcBDIJigxXzFXUc1hlaEl8bA57wWm7vQIIAL1k/edit#gid=1183303757). Let me know if you're interested :D
Getting on now. Was helping out a friend, sorry for the delay.
Lux Mimikyu is the only one I do have lol. I'm still breeding your Pokemon so don't fret.
I might not start that early, I'll have to see.
Probably around then. I just have to keep dinner in mind.
I never heard back from you? Are you no longer interested in trading?
Just checking in again :). Did you decide on how many of the extra egg moves requests you'd like to fulfill? I offered an extra breedable for each request so I'd like to breed those for you prior to trading.
I don't have one on AS o_o
Will you be around for a little while? I'm watching my baby sister right now. I could get on now if you'll be busy.
How long will you be available? I'm watching my baby sister at the moment and would prefer to keep off the DS.
If you give me a day I'll get you lux Furfrou and Goomy
Im online but I gotta breed up 4 Pokemon too trade real quick.
Sorry for the delay was talking with someone.
I don't mind waiting till tomorrow. But where do we go from here..? Is this clone illegal to trade? And I should delete it? I could trade it to you and you could deal with it, since it is a product of an error originating I believe from your side? I'm just not sure about the protocol... I don't want you to think I'm trying to rip two croagunk off of you.
They said just delete it, since I won't be able to trade it on the sub. I'll probably have fun with the clone instead and make it a raffle over on /r/pokemongiveaway since I had planned to do a giveaway today already.
Okay then! I'm online when you are. Can you confirm you're alright with me trading the clone? Since it is your Pokemon, if you don't want it cloned I shall delete it.
