It's a myth. I also bought him a house.  edit - shit, forgot to logout of the throwaway
Thats how my LED lantern works, I guess it has a sensor in it or something. Wyatt fumbling around on the bottom for a on/off switch doesnt seem as cool.
The Naziland episodes were some of my favorites.
My real problem is balls in water.
The once oh so familiar attraction doesn't come back when you're 30 either. The next woman who is able to convince me to hang out with her will probably be the one I marry.
I was, I could be, more here now than before I am
I believe the Icy Vein deck is just a little older, and is a totally basic deck, as in it only uses cards you start out with. You don't need any crafting or purchase packs for their basic decks. I will say it's better to buy expansions, you *really* need those cards. Worry about the packs later.  I always play two tundras. Their high health and ability to give other beasts charge can be a lifesaver. I always run two Houndmasters as well so you can actually make it's health 9 and give it taunt. The first thing I'd do is level up your hunter to 10 to get those class cards. Then you can go into the crafting section and make you two Savanna Highmanes and two Unleash the Hounds, and all trap cards except Snake Trap, in that order (if you can't do it all at once just keep at it, remember you can disenchant cards for more dust, don't overdo it though you never know what you might need, but I wouldn't worry too much as you're just starting out). Highmanes have 6 attack and drop two 2/2 hyenas on death, so what I like to do is save up a tundra, then drop a Savanna, then houndmaster it. That's an 8 attack on a charge from the Highmane. I've never really had messed with the Buzzard, it got nerfed before my time, but try it out, it just depends on your deck and how you play it.  Also again, I'd go with the expansions first. Then use those cards to make new decks to use in Arena or Ranked Quests and use that gold to buy new packs. It's a much better investment, you're not gonna get far without those expansion cards.
My hometown news team!
So someone saying definitely they do not want to do something is "all but confirmed"? Lol I wish I had your optimism, SCSA isn't that 18yo from domino's who you start talking to and find out she just got kicked out, and then doesn't want to fool around but you guys get drunk and fuck. Then she moves to Alaska for 10 months and comes back with a kid that apparently belongs to you. Yeah, Ive had a bad week.
Even if he hadn't of redeemed himself the incest thing wasn't a negative for me with him, or any of the characters really. If that's what two people want then that's what they want, it doesn't effect me at all. I actually got into an argument with co-workers about this topic lol.
I just made a post about her in the post-show discussion thread. I thought I was the only one who was getting really sick of her. I can't identify with her at all, and she seems callous and uncaring 99% of the time. The lingering reaction shots of her when Jorah was fighting reminded me of Twilight. I'm just upset because they're ruining what was at one point my favorite character. At this point I almost hope she fails.
How old are you? I'm genuinely curious, I'm not attempting to mock you. I can assure you the message boards and sites of the late 90's wouldn't even be recognizable next to their modern day counterparts.
Unfortunately someone who disagrees with you isn't proving your point. I thought that before I even knew of Reddit, from personal experience. Sorry if that's too much for you to handle.
I literally thought she was going to explode in a fireball and a trail of fire would shoot away, leading them to where they needed to go. I may have taken it to literally lol.
You would have been correct about 3 years ago, unfortunately for you I lost 200 pounds and am now healthy and happy. Sorry (:
Did you find your dislike for her slowly grow since Drogo? I really don't like her either and I feel weird because I think I'm supposed to.
I didnt, I edited it in before this post. You're right, I have no evidence other than browsing the sub ~~all~~ every day. Personal experience.
Can we get a kickstarter going for his legal defense? I'm good for $20.
I wish they'd organize a hearthstone tourney. I'd be all over that.
I'm fat, that doesn't make me blind. She's gross looking. And the fact that she revels in it makes her even more unattractive.
I also subbed to the.. sub, but for different reasons. It's like watching a TV show about serial killers. The hateful toxicity was just mind blowing to me, because I don't think in such a hateful way. In any case, posting pics of a model or whatever, it's different than posting someone's tinder pics or facebook/insta pics. It's just wrong.
I'm actually Catholic, just couldn't resist.
My new Sony doesn't have it. Bummer because I don't have a PS4 yet.
Oh, I didn't actually know that, I just kind of assumed he did and everyone knew. But I didn't know he admitted it.
I don't know honestly. I'll be the first to admit I can't put my finger on it. It's just something about her I can't relate to. I honestly think Dario has something to do with it. That's why I'm hoping he dies so I can have my favorite character back.
I can sympathize with that but come on man. If that was the biggest problem I had I'd be in heaven. I just get annoyed with this attitude like "oh my god my story has transcended it's intended medium and is seen by millions a week and has become a cult phenomenon bigger than anything even I ever imagined. I'm.fucking.rich. Emails?!?! You sick motherfuckers can't you see I'm trying to *"work"*?"
They might not be idiots. It's logical to think he would know/be able to offer insight, especially if you don't follow along online. Even more logical to think he wouldn't even read it.   Edit: It didn't bother me but that might be a book spoiler, I'm not quite sure about the rules yet. Just looking out for ya
I didn't see the whole video and assumed in the original clip she stated that's what she was trying to ride.
It's weird you know, I had like 8 upvotes on that post and in the span of 10 minutes it went down to -1, lol I watched it happen. Some fanboy is multi-accounting, it's cute.
My $10 is staying in my wallet. I'm not spending money on some conceited elf when I can't even whore her out.
After you said that I went back and watched it, you're right. The other guy had thick vertical stripes on his shoulder pads.
When I got out like that, between food, drink, and drugs I'm spending at least $120. For that I could get a highly attractive escort for a half hour and not have to deal with hundreds of retards. Js.
I honestly stopped watching around 2002ish, when the Rock left and SCSA retired. I came back around last year's Rumble. But that was one of the first things I noticed.
&gt;Bam 20 bucks to have girls ass crack on your dick through jeans.  20 bucks could get me a gram of dro. Having a girls ass rub on my dick through jeans just doesn't do it for me. Maybe if I was 14.
Untrue. Do a little more research about the medicinal properties of cannabis oil and THC. I also have a tincture and a THC pill I take that is prescribed by my physician.
Oh! Haha I thought you were talking about me, I'm from Louisiana
So of all the powers you only used blink? In any case, it was one of my favorite games of all time. Can't wait for part 2
They also stole the Angle milk truck idea from the IGN.com pro wrestling boards. I was there for that one.
I'm out until Brock comes back (tomorrow I hope)
I never even thought for a second they were dead from the fall and was surprised when I came here and saw all the speculation.
My concern is with the people who are innocent who are put to death.
We have them here except it's a rope, and says "Cajun Weatherman". I'm kinda surprised this got to the top of the site. It's a really really old joke with slight variations based on geographic location.
I'm just having my doubts about paying another $70 for proper cards when I just did that in Hearthstone. Traditionally Bethesda hasn't been all up on shitty DLC, so it may be possible to advance without dropping tons of cash.
I've had him 2/3, absolutely dominated the first time and got my ass kicked the second.
This deck in Brawl has inspired me to branch out after playing as Hunter since I started. I guess I just felt intimidated before.
Negative. When I woke up yesterday I was convinced Nef was more powerful. Now it's easy as pie.   http://imgur.com/a/qkIYw
I play exclusively from my Note 3 and have only froze up once or twice, and maybe got kicked off 2 games out of over 100. What kind of phone do you have?
I get the opposite,  just got Nef 4 times in a row, but I lose with him constantly. I'm much more comfortable with Rad.
Because however you feel there are people who feel the polar opposite. I voted for him, twice, and I'd do it again.
My highest rated comment on /MorbidReality is about them using the flash with the lens cap on to be able to see in the darkness. I also wondered if the dark photos were timestamped and how long after the initial disappearance they were taken.
