Not available in Australia :(
I have never had a character unlock a signature ability, let alone use one. How do you even get that much XP?! GMs who give out that much must like playing with fire...
They sure do. I make sure I buy one or two books from them every year, even if they're more expensive than basically everywhere else.
&gt;I have to join the group to see posts :(  Dang. I was afraid of that. Thanks.
I'm so glad they brought up Hockey's disgraceful comments about 'blight on the landscape'. Utterly infuriating. That I don't have stronger phrases to describe my frustration politely cause the feeling to escalate.
There was an Ingress event on in Perth today, but that doesn't require photos, just being in a certain place... not sure, OP :(
I'm glad you liked it. I had fun with it myself. That doesn't stop me critically looking at it. Try was hollow compared to the first season.
Yeah. Not everyone is T10. I've got 24h gametime and I'm a third into T5 now.
Hi! T6 player with all of 20 hours here, at least a quarter of which is building and being anal about it. I looked up the tower killing technique, but otherwise, I learned all of those things you said myself just by playing.   The only reason I'm not T8 or 9 is because I've been spending my RP on all the movement types, not just wheels, and testing them all out. I'd be higher now but for the armour minimum that just came in, too. Armour is expensive!  Levelling up really doesn't take long, especially if you stick to gunbed cruisers.
Can you give us an example of that disinterest? I've lived in a safe Libs seat since forever so I don't have a clue what federal-level representation means.
Thanks for the reply. My local MP is a crazy Islamophobe who denies climate change. I basically couldn't even have a political discussion with him.
The appropriate way to deal with the negative impacts of porn is through more meaningful education. Teach people to respect each other as humans, about why consent is relevant, and literally explain the effects that porn can have on the brain (especially what conditioning is!) and you'll see a reduction in the number of youths who emulate irresponsible porn.  Although I thought my sex ed was sufficient in a public highschool during the 00's, if you think your own education was insufficient or if your kids' is, then [Sexplanations](https://www.youtube.com/user/sexplanations) is a good place to start to fix that. Yes, Dr. Doe is kinda annoying, but she's very experienced at sex education, she's super earnest, and promotes healthy behaviours (both physical and social).
I'm in my mid 20's now, but I still remember hating how condescended to I was as a child. Children should be treated with respect and dignity as humans. Sure, some children will still act poorly even when they're well treated, but I'd bet my life's savings that that number would be much reduced from the way it is now.
Yeah, I found the page on [Wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kabaddi#Variations) which describes the general rules. It's quite different than anything that's played professionally in the West, so it's all novel for me right now.
I started reading again this week after not reading fiction for pleasure for months and months. University'll do that to you. But I'm glad I picked my book back up, I was halfway in.  Words of Radiance, Brandon Sanderson. I highly recommend it if you enjoy epic fantasy. Though it is book #2 in a young series, so if you prefer to wait, that's fine too. Book #1 is called The Way of Kings.
Oh for fuck's sake. I hate this goddamn rule. It's so inconvenient. Just let us get banned for vote brigading if we ever do it. Ugh. Actually, why not just auto-edit our posts to change the www.reddit.com to np.reddit.com? Surely the bot could do that...  I acknowledge I'm qqing. I'll repost it.
My other comment was deleted because the subreddit insists on np.reddit not www.reddit, but doesn't auto-edit submissions to conform. Waste of time, if you ask me, and even if you don't, I'm telling you. Repost begins now:  Just to expand on my comment, I think there are advantages and disadvantages of this setup. Obviously, the biggest disadvantage is that it costs us a lot of money to get an Oculus - both through the inflated shipping fee and through GST.  But since they're apparently registered in Australia ([as evidenced by their charging of GST](https://np.reddit.com/r/oculus/comments/2bhcy0/why_is_oculusvr_charging_gst_for_australians/)), this means that we should have *much* shorter transit periods to wait between order and delivery, and we should benefit from Australia's strong consumer protection laws that include mandatory irrevocable warranties.  Given the trouble I've had with getting Brookstone (a USA company) to replace my Axent Wear headphones, I'm not wholly dissatisfied with this arrangement.
No shit. It's criminology 101. I took that unit two years ago, and it's so painstakingly obvious that I can't help but be frustrated when people fail to acknowledge that it's the correct answer.
Even if it's a flawed argument for private citizens, it's not for politicians to the extent that they act for their office. I suppose politicians living transparent lives. I'd volunteer if I thought I could actually get elected on a progressive independent platform.
I'm glad you didn't take my tone the wrong way \^_\^. gg.
&gt; The truth is i've been playing video games for 25+ years and i'm really not that good at any of them.   And that's okay. Games are hard. They're exceedingly complex and require very specialised skills that almost never come up unless you're a combat pilot or something like that.  If you enjoy games the way you play them, that's good enough for me.  &gt; Playing people online isn't any kind of game at all.  This is just about true for all videogames. They fall into two categories: games which let the player who's played the most win by giving them upgrades/unlockables, and games which are more skill dependent and the most skilled (read: practiced) player wins. That's all there is to most games. Since I realised that (with SC2's help, actually), most multiplayer games haven't interested me at all.  I play boardgames now.
30/100. 34/105 if I can include those extra 5.  I think I've watched about half as many shows as you, by a very quick scan of your MAL, so I guess that's about right?
You're mostly right, but my computer does this in realtime for 720p stuff and even most 1080p stuff. My media PC overheats after an hour or two of 1080p though haha, so it is going to consume quite a bit of power. No more than running a modern game on high settings, though.
Thanks! I have a comment somewhere in the thread. I'd appreciate some comment \^_\^.  Wizard Barristers had some amazing visuals. That opening sequence with the train was just great. But man, it fell apart super fast.   I'm fine with people disliking Attack on Titan; it does what it does and it's not going to apologise to anyone for that. It's fine if you don't get into the pacing. I'm glad you watched it to the end! That's more than I expect when people dislike shows.  Your Kill la Kill score, however, is a bit of a strange one. That show really clicked with me. Every aspect of its production was amazing (fourth episode notwithstanding). The characters had clear growth, the plot twisted and turned like a python trying to escape its handler, and the symbolism was so thick you could drown in it. I would have thought it'd the sort of thing that you'd enjoy a little more, I guess is what I'm trying to say!  Definitely consider Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex to be a more complete version of Psycho-Pass. It has a somewhat unique feature in that half its episodes are "Stand Alone", being individual stories that don't connect to the rest of the series (much like most American cop shows), and the other half are "Complex" which tell the serial story of The Laughing Man; a serial cyber-terrorist. It will keep to its tone much more faithfully than Psycho-Pass did, while exploring some similar themes. Note that it's a lot less 'arthouse' than the film which you score 7/10.
Thank you kindly for your inspection! None of the other people I responded to gave me comments in return, so I am extra-thankful to you.  &gt; The anime you enjoy are heart-racing with a grave tone to it.  I think that's a fair way to put it! I can enjoy some silliness or melodrama too, but they've got to be the sauce on top of the serious conflict. Code Geass might be a good example of that.  &gt;What really made me surprised is that F/S Night: UBW was only an 8 and not a 9.  I had some issues with the pacing and the amount of monologuing. Given that I'd seen it all before in FSN Fate (the Deen one), the old UBW movie, and again in F/Zero, I thought it felt quite padded out. It had some *incredible* sequences, though, so I still rate it highly!  &gt; Although you have dropped Aiura which is my favorite anime, so I am a bit sad.  I have recently reacquired it and hope to make my way to the end when I am feeling up for a series of shorts. It was beautiful to look at! I honestly become easily very critical of slice of life, so sometimes I just have to let it sit for a time and come back when I'm in the proper frame of mind.  In fact, I have dropped many shows not because I disliked them, but because I was not ready to watch them. Samurai Flamenco is one I intend to revisit, for example, because I consistently hear it praised here on /r/anime. Most often, though, I drop things because there's enough great shows in a season that I am hooked on, and I don't have the time/patience to watch everything as it airs.  &gt; I do urge you to watch Knights of Sidonia [...] As well as Battleship Yamato  These are things my friends tell me constantly. I think they must be good recommendations!  &gt;The World God Only Knows  I have heard of this work, but know little. I had thought it a kind of harem-y drama, like Oregairu (which I also did not sync up with). What aspects of it impressed you enough to recommend it?
Wow. I really really wish the StarCraft servers did that.
This sort of thing has happened to me in my game of ~~Risk:~~ Pandemic: Legacy. And I've only played January. We lost twice, and in both cases, all of our players (and one spectator!) agree that we played perfect games.  The game is made by an evil person whose only design goal was to provide torment and suffering to his players. ^(That's what we concluded, anyway.)
Whoops! Still not used to owning Pandemic Legacy.
I've only done the first episode, and while I'm not sold on it even being a contender for show of the season, you're absolutely right: this is the most underwatched and under-appreciated show this season.
Best thing ever was when I paired Spellfencer's Drain Sword with the Dark Knight's Rage. 9999 x 5 for 3BP? Hell yeah.
That's 2.5 hours a week if you work 5 days... that's ducking ridiculous.
15m pre-shift + 15m post-shift = 0.5h/day.
Really. I'm 100% sure. I kept clicking the Nightmare node, then going "wait no I don't want to die", cancelling the mission, and going to regular mode. They still spawn.  Dark Sectors have no non-Dark Sector modes. Extrapolating from my experiences, all non-special maps will still spawn them. So while Quests, Operations, Alerts, Sorties, Invasions, Infestations and Syndicate Missions will all spawn the Acolytes, so too will the regular versions of those nodes.
If it is at all of interest, I have made the post in /r/warframe properly. You may find it here. https://www.reddit.com/r/Warframe/comments/438b4v/theorycrafting_probability_and_rng_determining/
Thanks kindly. I hope it can be of use to you somehow.
&gt; Also it always simplifies to N = (log(1-C))/(log(MRS)) for people who like shortcuts.  That looks very much like what I'd drawn on my shower wall, now that you mention it... Thanks!
On the other hand, I know two people in Perth with Vives! You're not wrong about how mind-bendingly expensive it is, but some people are definitely game.
&gt; People who love suffering should watch this.  It was WIXOSS that showed me that I enjoy suffering. It was great. Season 2 was awesome! *Nobody* got what they wanted, even the villains!
Just set the playback speed to 2x. It's what I do for almost all YouTube stuff these days so long as I'm viewing on desktop.
One day I'll actually write up what I understand the colours to mean, and how I use them to create random characters (or inspire my own player characters).
For the record, I would gladly watch any of those three! In fact, the second one [almost exists](https://youtu.be/AcEY2EcQeZY)... Even though I think they're 'boring' answers, that's just because they're predictable.   Pretty sure Ghost in the Shell was animated not by Bandai, but by a Production I.G. team. I doubt the original (1995) team still exists, but the guys who did Psycho-Pass are pretty stellar, and character design quibbles aside, the GitS Arise OVAs looked good, too.  Goood pick for writer, though.
Last time I had my players do it, I had them roll 2d10, used that to determine a major and a minor Colour, and then gave direct advice on how that might look. I can talk about the ethics of MTG's Colours for hours, and I might have done that to them :P  That said, I usually use this stuff just for me, or just for NPCs. There's no 'detect Colour' spell, haha.  Since there's apparently a little bit of interest, I might try and write something up over the weekend if I get the chance.
That might as well be a different country than the one I live in... there's so much cultural variation in even such a tiny country as ours that it's difficult for me to identify with most of the 'australian'-specific posts you see around the place.
Maybe I'll just say the world has suddenly increased in gravity or air pressure, so everything is exhausting haha
Heh, my first thought was 'oh good, they're gone, we can acknowledge that the rest of us exist!'  Obviously I am happier without, you know, millions of people drowning, but it sure can be frustrating...
Oh, I also should admit, I gasped when I saw BONES' water shot from BokuHero, but on the whole the episode really didn't look that great.
WHEN DID THEY CHANGE BOSSES TO HAVE 2.5% DROP RATE FOR RARE RESOURCES? I SWEAR I USED TO GET OROKIN CELLS FROM RUK ONE IN THREE RUNS AND NOW IT'S LIKE PULLING TEETH  ALSO I NEED SEVEN THOUSAND OXIUM AND NINE THOUSAND CRYOTIC AND I DON"T WANT TO GRIND IT OUT :(
Hah screw that! I got spoiled on like episode ~160\* of Naruto before I started watching, and I remembered it and was reminded about it every time I saw the relevant character. I got up to that episode and I knew what would happen.   \* - (technically episode 30 of shippuuden but I skipped some filler in the original series)
Hah! I don't have the platform to play it, sadly :P
Sigh... screw your country and its awesome cheap games. They're all double to triple here down under :(  Good recommendations though. I'd add **Coup**!
