LOL. Maybe you just needed to tag NSFW or something. Anyway, thanks for the heads up, I'll give it a shot.
I didn't, but /u/OneHunterPercent did. See the link to the original submission I posted.
Got the results from my x-post in /r/mildlyinteresting. So it seems we cannot x-post at all... and we have to be the person who took the photo. Double violation on my thread in that sub. It was fun, thanks for the laugh :)
0/6 on identifying the wav, but 5/6 on the 320kbps. Seriously, I'd narrow it down to 2 choices, and then I always choose the 320kpbs over the wav. WTF.      Gear: Eymotic Research ER-4 via Galaxy Note 3.    I blame the phone's audio chip :P
Same thing here. I'm guessing that's the problem with the audio chip or the DAC (or the lack of). I listened to the songs on my phone with a nice set of headphones, and I picked the 320kbps ones everytime!
Thanks :) I've been on the internet long enough to know that most people don't care to read/understand most posts. Unfortunately, even on Reddit. Well, it's their loss when they refuse to learn.
You guys are great! I was hoping for more West side mixes like Hieroglyphics or Souls of Mischief, or even some Jurassic 5, but I can't complaint too much.    Will you be releasing the individual tracks/full ablum or is it just an one-off thing?
For me it's BB. Every time I hear baby cries IRL my hunter sense tingles.
Final Fantasy Tactics!   I even made a [thread] (https://www.reddit.com/r/FinalFantasy/comments/3a5a3h/dae_want_a_new_fft_or_remake/) about it in /r/FinalFantasy , but it got buried in the posts.
Great face and beautiful style... but those boobs look weird.   Damn, I can't believe I've just said that.
Thanks for the kind words. I experienced ego death before, but I see that term being thrown around too often. Juat before we can feel the oneness, doesn't mean we are acting with oneness. [Knowledge doesn't equate understanding.] (https://youtu.be/MFzDaBzBlL0)
I'm a subscriber of that sub, but most of them are not cardio. For example, pullups, chin ups, handstand pushups are body *weight* lifts, not cardio.
Everyday I have at least one jouska.
In an alternative universe, someone just made an Ultron and Garfield crossover movie. And the alternative universe me was totally stoked about it. Damn you, alternative me.
Funny that Igarashi san's wife is playing Bloodborne but he isn't. Can't wait to see what inspiration the team would draw from the Souls games.
Dear OP, long time fan here, just would like you to know your art is simply amazing!
I played them using emulators. Since these games were designed to play in first person, they should feel great. I don't know if VR works with emulators though.
Gone Home.    Jokes aside, I love the ship in Mass Effect. Very little customization, but the crew make it cool.   And then there are the homes in Fallout and TES games.
Completely opposite for me. BSB downed in first try, but Ebrietas took 70 tries in 4 hours.
Love the music!   I really need to start working on my handstands...
I'm ambivalent about this. On one hand I'm glad I watched it... on the other, I've just wasted 5 mins of my life...
I can hold still for 5 mins before my hands/head still to hurt.
As I said, for me, sometimes waiting is a bad choice. I may not have the time to play at all when work/life gets hectic. It's not uncommon for me to not touch a single game for months! If I know I'll enjoy a game, why shouldn't I buy it so that I can play?
I do wait for most releases.    On average, I'd say I buy 1 out of every 10 releases in the year right away, and the rest would be on waiting list. So yeah, I'm waiting for the Fallout 4 GOTY now, as well as Dying Light. But I don't mind for a bit that I bought Bloodborne. However, the meme in the post is calling to wait for ALL releases, and that I have a problem with.
Off the wall. On the wall I do 10 mins by shifting weight around. My palms (near the wrist) seem too weak for the pressure for now... I think given time they'll be stronger. But the progress is slooowww...
I hated fermented tofu the first time I tried it too... but then I grew to like it.
I'll try to remember to write back to you!
Hey man, it takes time to procure the ingredients, not everyone has extra pickles laying around you know?
I want to go to the concert with the all star rock legends at the never ending Woodstock.
? Is that some kind of reference? Sorry if I missed it, it's late at night here.
Sigh...    Look, maybe somehow you mistaken me as your targeted hate groups, but just me tell you this:    I grew up in a slump, my dad died when I was 10 and I was raised by my single mother.    Still think I'm the top percent? Well, even if I were, that only means I earned it, no?     Now please, go back to read my previous comment again. It was an anology to illustrate how impossible it is to achieve instant perfection.
I used regular olives... the taste is your typical non-sour olive, the color is off brown/green-ish.    The chestnut spread is something I got from a trip to Grignan, France. It was cheap like 5 euro or something.    Of course, where you'd it get in the states, I've no idea.    Edit: [Grignan produces about 70% of France's truffle.] (http://masdelaplumedange.com/en/grignan) If you go there at the right time (May to August), you can have a truffle lunch for a really good price (10~20 euro).
&gt;It's easy to tell people on the lower half to have patience when you're on the upper half.     This was from you previous comment.    Maybe you are implying something, maybe you aren't. Doesn't matter.    What matter is: I don't believe in magic.    Let's get everyone to not starve first, then we'll talk about improving the taste of food, is that bad? *Do you even know what persistent hunger feels like*? I do.    Similarly, let's get everyone to live without the fear of zero income first, then we can talk about wealth equality.
My day just got better! Thanks for sharing OP!
What I'm interest in is their diet - what did they eat to get that much iron into their bodies?
Now if only Fujifilm makes a Full Frame x series... I can only dream.    Edit: let me clarify - I wish Fuji could add a FF lineup to their camera selection, not ditching apsc all together! Don't twist my words.
I'd like a MF as well, hell, I have a GF670 and it's awesome. But mobility-wise, a MF is just so much bigger and heavier. For studio shots MF is great, but if I'm gonna be outdoors? FF all the way! Better yet, why not make both a FF and a MF? Come on Fujifilm!    Edit: unless Fujifilm can make a mirrorless MF. Now we're talking.
My skin actually does best if I just wash them with salt and green tea. At first I didn't believe it, and tried using different soap (and non-soap), but at the end (years later), salt and green tea triumphs all.
I'm a farmer in Malaysia!
Not trolling at all. It's my actual routine. I tried regular wash, wash + scrub, no soap, no wash (completely not touching my face with anything), etc. I've tried vinegar, baking soda, all sorts of oil, and even exotic herbs... At the end, salt and green tea is the best for me. After that, I just put lotion on my face, not even a drop of tonic.
Hell no that's not Mandarin. It may be Hokkien or Hakka, but definitely not Mandarin.    Source: Mandarin speaker who have Taiwanese friends.
And as an end user, I really appreciate a site that works without having to disable NoScript.
The loop invariant page looks cool, I'll sit down with a nice drink and go through it tomorrow. You are right on loop depth - things already start to fall apart at just 3 loop depth! It's like Inception + Primer but with even more mind fuck.
I can sometimes smell in my dreams (lucid dreamer)... the last nightmare I had I could smell and feel things. It was both unsettling and awesome.
Reminds me of a school project back when I was in the 10th grade or something. We had to do a group project about studying dead insects. Being the lazy fucks we were, we found some cockroaches and kept them in a sealed jar to starve them to death. Fast forward 2 weeks, when we opened the jar, the stench of rot and death swamped us in the faces and filled the room... we had to run otherside to catch some breath before we could go back into the room. Lesson learnt? Don't use a fully sealed jar, poke some holes on the cover!
Who's to say we haven't been abducted already?    As for my dream? I killed someone in my dream, and I had to deal with the consequences of the stupid deed. No drama, just fear.
Personally I'd not recommend MIT's 6.00 introduction to CS course, at least for beginners (**on edX, the one of OCW is actually pretty good**). They leave out way too many important pieces that you'd need to understand how and why to use a certain syntax/logic. Everything is too brief, and the pacing is too fast if someone doesn't have any previous knowledge of CS.     Edit: one major reason I don't recommend the class is that you'd need to pretty much know the materials already to do well in the class, and that is missing the point of "education for everyone." The thread has other great recommendations like CS50 and Udacity, which I've also took, they are much better.    Edit2: realize I was referring to a sinilar but different course. I took the edX one and would not recommend it, but the OCW one looks much better.
I watched all the videos and did the homework. I even passed the mid-term quiz.    But near the end, I realized most of the time I was just "following" instructions and "borrowing" from the sample codes they gave us - but that's not it. I refrained from using stackoverflow, instead, I found I learnt a lot more from reading other tutorials and books, the "side materials," than the 6.00 class. "How do we deal with this logic?" - was never clearly answered in the course, nor was "how do I translate this thing I'm trying to do into code?" And I consider "discussion" to not to be part of the course - if I need other people to teach and answer my questions, then the class has failed its purpose.     *My definition* of a good class is this: the class should provide all information that we'd need and explain all the essential ideas thoroughly with minimum extra reading of other sources. (Example: John Hopkin's Data Scientist course on Coursera even has video lectures on how to use Git and Github!)    If the homework/quizzes expect me to know things that aren't covered in the course materials, then it's not doing its job to teach properly (changing the task or adding some twist is another thing and those are okay). If the class went over the materials but I missed them, that's my fault. But if the class constantly expect me to do "extra reading" on the side in order to pass some arbitrary tests, the class by itself is incompleted.     Again, in context, OP was asking for the best courses available.    Is MIT's course rigid? Yes.    But does it help set a *good foundation for complete noobs*? Maybe.    And is 6.00 better than some of the "good" classes out there? Arguably not.      Now let me ask you - have you taken other classes or read other books?   (I want to know your local maximum and global maximum, and your sample range)    How do those compare to the 6.00 class?    (I've taken introduction courses from Rice, John Hopkins, UoMichigan, Stanford, and Harvard, and I'd rate MIT's 6.00 at the lower end)     Do you think some novice with a full time job, merely watching the videos and using lecture notes alone, without googling or entering the discussion, can become good enough to learn all the fundamentals? If so, do you think they could do an EL15 on nested Loops? Or maybe point me to a few good sources that explain how to do 3 level depth and beyond loops? I'm pretty sure their sources won't be from the 6.00 class though.
I've having an existential crisis just by watching this while imagining growing up there.
I haven't yet. I've seen a few bottles of Clan Denny from Douglas Laing from time to time, but most shops around where I live don't stock any of the IBs.    And when they do have a few bottles of IBs in stock, the markup is so high I cannot justify buying them.     Why is importing alcohol so hard :(
