Where did u get it this bottle?  The place I go to doesn't have the port wood edition.  Also it's too bad the port took a bitter turn cuz sweetness properly mixed in could amazing.
I disagree and I think you're nit picking.  The scene with maul vs obi wan 1 on 1 was unreal in terms viciousness and killing lust.    Personally the new movie had terrible fight scenes to me.  The swinging was nonsensical and it wasn't fun to watch (BESIDES how awesomely Rey was just beating that ass)  Also IF it's individual moments destroy scenes for you  then literally every original storm trooper scene is idiotic, the whole assault on the death in stupid for how exposed the x-wings were but never died, obi wan vs darth is pathetic.    But idk you gotta learn to love the parts that cross the unrealistic line for you as much as anything otherwise you end up a mountain of salt.
Please tell your friends gf she is legit a saint.  Like she kept talking to him but never got aggressive or tried to prove a point she was just nice.
Like it's painful
We all started as lame asses.  You'll grow into it, one of the best ways I've found to enjoy whisky is to try good single malts or blends with a crap whiskey (when I started it dewars vs laphroaig).  It teaches you to detect the differences and really learn why good stuff is so damn amazing early on.
My parents are teachers and it's always so special when they can connect with a kid.  It's awesome you can do that with fairy tail
I used to watch the anime and read the manga but the anime has gotten unbearable.  Like the second fight between Laxus and tempesta was so annoying to watch.  In manga it was a two page fight with gray and then plot moved along
People don't pick on fatties.  People get picked on and sometimes that person is fat.  But there is not a culture of pick on the fatty.  One reason for this perception is 1. Being fat is unhealthy and some how stating health facts is mean. 2. Fat people can't always engage in the engage is the same activities as others.  Like I can't think of a single out door activity she could honestly engage in  Edit: my point is fat isn't a special status of hate, everyone gets picked on for something and being fat isn't inherently a worse trait than other social pariahs
Yea I mean how could someone trust Bernie to fight golden parachutes  on wallstreet when his white took one while bankrupting a small college?
What about the fact that a poor white male stands less of chance getting into college than a wealthy black male because the black male with all the advantages of being rich is considered somehow less privileged than a poor rural white?  What about schools that have awards that can go on resumes that only blacks can win but no version for whites?  What about the fact that an old white grandmother gets no news story when Detroit cops beat her for no reason?  What about the white girl who was assaulted by black students and then almost had charges brought up against her because the black students claimed she attacked them?  (The only reason the poor girl wasn't charged was because of surveillance)  I'm a person of color btw but the reality is that being white or black or anything else no longer guarantees you have privilege or oppression.
Hey I like summers
As a Clinton supporter "No fucking way!!!!".  Clinton is the establishment candidate, everyone knows it.
Hey idiot it's about how your mind is so shallow you literally can't comprehend someone choosing her over Bernie.  And frankly it was this in ability of the Bernie campaign to understand why minorities and those over 35 voted against Bernie that got his ass kicked so badly.  I'm asking because I want to see if you contain the ability to understand people who don't agree with you.  I voted Hillary but I can explain why people voted Bernie.  Bernouts on the other hand can't and then they get confused when he loses in every swing state.
I don't currently see certain parts of liberalism being compatible with democracy.  The biggest issue I see as a liberal is every time I diverge from the typical liberal agenda I am questioned on racism, luckily it's hard for cuz I'm biracial but still.  While I think nationalism and people like trump and the brexit are a huge threat I think the inability of the left to do what it does so well, and hear all sides of the arguements is giving fuel to the fire that is nationalism.  Nationalist ideas aren't new, the number of supporters are and the source I believe is closed minded leftists pushing away moderates with slightly different opinions.
I literally asked a Bernie supporter one time if he could name reasons people didn't vote Bernie to prove this exact point.  His response?  "Clearly you need to ask his supporters for help justifying being a paid shill, sorry not my job"  -__-
Some of us throw with one hand but masturbate with the other.  It's a tough world.
In my experience the latter leads to the former.
Honesty, circumcision.  The lack of a foreskin makes sexual contact without lubrication hella uncomfortable, hence why a girl only needs to get wet and fingers are all she needs.  Edit: first I'm circumcised and love it for difference reasons but biology is biology.  If you think I'm wrong explain scientifically why the lack of foreskin has zero effect on the need for lubrication for sexual stimulation.  If you can't explain scientifically you can fuck right off with your downvotes, they aren't meant to help you give yourself a safe space.
Again as someone who applied to Stanford to Michigan you still only go to one.  Applying to brown and Columbia was was waste of my time.
ex-gf used to give lots of head whenever she was on her period.  Man I miss her sometimes.
Well other professions usually don't lead to emotional connections.  I loved Star Wars and love the actors to played the characters I loved.  Kind of makes sense.  I don't really have an emotional connection to my local pd.  I appreciate what they do but I've never needed to call so I have no real connection with them.
That sucks ass man.  Wish you had better experiences.
Ha! I'm on mobile I see the thumbnail.  But just incase I need to check.....
Love back at ya
This right here is it.    "Back in my day you could get calls and use the Internet at the same time."  "But why would you call when you could txt?"
Her assuming white dumbass thought this shit was a Disney Movie.  As a guy whose dad left his home country cuz of fucked yo stuff it's amazing how ignorant "not-racist" people are of other cultures and how insanely blind they are to the idea that people of color can be hateful and just from a different culture.
It's sounds like your dad and my mom would get along
That's what I like about this game, it is really about more than simple aiming.  Now I only have to find a character to try and main that isn't tracer......
If you think the only people who love America are racist or white you need more friends.  The biggest pro-American I know is my dark ass immigrant father.
What's wrong or racist about saying to live in America you should speak English?  I went traveling this last summer and I need to pick up a little of each language I was around and you get id have learned it if I stayed.  There isn't racism is saying our country speaks English so those coming here should be prepared to learn  Edit: Yea also what the hell racism and nationalism are not interchangeable
Read even these comments.  Someone asked me if I wanted to censor religion because they weren't sure if I could be pro-American without hating non-Christians (not even Christian myself).  you played identity politics by referencing military service as if that makes you more qualified to judge and love America.  Your service had nothing to do with the conversation, like if you didn't serve would that me I should take you saying you love America less seriously?  Hell no.
Jesus I knew you would grapple on to that.  Someone telling me I want an all Christian country the response of "I'm not even Christian" is very relevant.    When discussing the accusations of racism for being pro-American in a larger culture your particular service has no place in the discussion.   If I was attacking you then yes personal defenses would be warranted but when you referenced your military service you yourself were not being discussed so your history had no place in the discussion.  See the difference and how it's not hypocritical at all.
Except the thing is different because it requires nothing but wasted time and the only evidence is a single number a coder at blizzard could flip.    A painting requires knowledge of how to paint. This is the equivalent of staring at a painting for a long period of time, it means nothing.  The guy isn't even bragging about being good just being.  Also you seem to very much trying to put some personal thing about working onto me so I'm done talking I didn't come here to yell at a 14 year old about how spending 1/3 of your waking hours playing Overwatch is a waste of time.
I'm not judging, never do I tell this guy to "get a life or a job".  I don't know anything about him.  I'm just explaining why society as a being wouldn't respect this accomplishment.
Hey OP congrats on making it this far.  In the comments I got in a "discussion" with someone about how society views time spent.  I just wanted it to be clear I meant you no disrespect and I hoped you had a great time playing Overwatch cuz it is a fun ass game.
I Apologize, quite a few people have been trying to explain to me it's not my business to tell him to live differently.  I've just had to say things over and over.
Funny enough I don't really know any Americans who genuinely like wearing the American flag that like Russia
My problem is that for all the anti-Islamic sentiment that exists in this country in the past few weeks alone every single high profile example of a hate crime has been shown to be false.  For a country that has a problem with hating Muslims, the left sure has a problem finding actual examples of it.
As a tracer/Lucio main I can't tell you how much I would love this.
First of all read the actual hate crimes, they are nothing. Like nothing at all, just harassment that people face with a twist made special for the person.  Example, a women gets cat called but this she was wearing s hijab so the guy yells something anti-Islam on top of that. That's nothing.  Next I'm a guy with a thick ass Arab beard and it's really a non-issue.  Every now and then I get an extra hand swipe but as an American citizen it's really no real hassle.  Idk where the hell you are from with and ID card that has your religion (and the wrong one at that).  Also Europe is irrelevant we are talking about the United States.  Next you assume more Arab people have it worse but you provide zero evidence.  You even say your assuming.  You're not allowed to assume something as severe as that.
I've looked them up and there are almost zero examples of people being killed for being Muslim in a country of 320 million.  And when you have murders at such low the numbers the people perpetrating the crimes are usually sick fucks not extremists.  Example a Muslim man shot up a gay night club in Florida, but it wasn't cuz he was Muslim it was because he hates himself for being gay and happened to be Muslim.  Next as someone from Kuwait maybe you should ask people in America about what it's like living here? And don't just ask people that will confirm your point of view.  Example, a girl at my university did an ethnography to study whether our campus was safe for Muslims.  She interviewed Muslim students asking if they felt safe and they all said no.  Yet not a single one of the students could name a single incident of being harassed for being Muslims themselves or a single act of violence against any Muslims student.  They just "felt" unsafe, which means without evidence they fell for the narrative of being unsafe.  I'm sorry you have a religion ID card but that's not America.
Actually plenty of jobs expect a car for reasonably transportation.  Sure you can get to work by biking but it doesn't really work when it's storming or snowing or when you don't want to take forever to get to work.
The thing is most people who browse this sub are good players by there is such a huge number of terrible attackers.  There are so many people that spam I need healing right after watching the healer die or something similar.  So yes you're right as someone who likes Overwatch enough to regularly visit a sub on it you're not who people are broaching about.  But then avian you're a tiny fraction of who plays so there's that.
Perfect example.  I'm a senior in compe and we have all learned to passively pay attention to our professors and get the gist of what is being said.
Non-white non-Christian here.  You're a bigot and a racist and your school is a cesspool.
For honestly it was the boruto movie.  I knew the series and had seen some episodes but the movie really made we want to understand everything.
If I was kushina and minato id be so damn pissed.  We died to protect the village and no a single one of you people could even let our child know we loved him?  Let alone give him a home to call his own.  Like the poor kid legit never knew who even he was ever worth anything to anyone.
As a Jewish Malaysian who was born in America (essentially a one in a million person in the world, literally look us up we barely exist) the idea that people need to look like you to feel powerful is weak and pathetic because you limit your personal vision to those that share superficial characteristics with you.  Edit: you salty racists who only can see idols in people of the same skin tone are pathetic and you'll always be left in the dust by people who are not as bigoted you all.
It's literally dangerous to be a Jew is Malaysia.  It's dangerous for me to visit family.  There are actual on the books laws against non-Muslims and non-Malay people in the county today.  Also In America I get screening as a Muslim for being of Muslim heritage.  The idea that African Americans have it as bad as actual governmentally and legally other countries around the world show how little you know about actual oppression.  Typical SJW, whines about oppression but knows nothing about countries that about ban people from office based on race.
That part I agree with you totally.  In fact my first comment is about how I think the art and reign of a futuristic Africa is awesome cuz of how rarely we see it.  I only took issue with the idea of empowerment.
