RIP to my nigga Boo-Boo
Yeah when I shop for fruits raw veggies I hit up Food town or Foodarama. Kroger really jacks up the price on produce. 99 cents for ONE lime? GTFO
I Was there and have a [pic](http://imgur.com/ocLyW4P). Too busy dancing to take more.
I was there. FPSF in H-Town
Omg this happened only 505 miles away from my house!   I'm heading to Katy.
Yep. I have to drive to San Marcos to get fix (dozen) once or twice a year.
I've been praying for this Costco to open for 3 years.   No more driving into greenway in the afternoons!!
I got beer thrown on me by some jerk Mardid fans (of course) during the Clasico game. It gets packed and rowdy there. Fun for me but I could see it being too rowdy for some.
I forgot to tie my laces and I've been wearing the hell of the shoes for 4 days. Went to a concert and really broke them in.
I won $1,000,000 jackpot in 60 years. Only spend $20,000 to do it too! Now that's a retirement plan
I remember this horrible story.
We have a little trifecta around gulfgate. Tel-Wink, Spanky's, 888. Many a hangover were cured in that order...then start all over at DonEraki's.
Yep. Our company profits rely on resin prices so our costs this year were very low. Bonuses were great since its for a consumer product that sold very well because of the positive impact cheap gas had on the national economy. Overall it could even lower our overhead with rent and transportation costs bound to go lower.
Do you enjoy your horse ride to work as well?
Honeymoon had of the most overpriced and under-flavored brunch I've ever had.
Yeah, asking for a friend....
I've never seen this man in my life...
He just spent an hour in Baytown...BAYTOWN (i hated it so much there). When's the last time you were an Garth road?
Same for me. For some these are manifestations brought on by deep rooted emotional issues and are exacerbated BY alcohol. Alcohol is the fuel to the fire. The lesson being that you need to realize Alcohol could bring issues you chose not to address to daylight.
Cool, An "Urban" bungalow. I can escape from quiet boring life on weekends to busy streets of the inner city and the sound of gun shots, car alarms and sirens.
Some one misses free drinks
Don't. I was a season ticket holder for 5 years and it only got worse. The only reason to get them is playoff ticket priority and if you like to see the Warriors, Thunder and Cleveland. Do what I do now, bid low on Flashseats.
Me too. I don't know why you got downvoted since it's not like we chose what was going to be served at a wedding.
I've a minority who has donated over $200 dollars and my time in Texas going for Bernie and you folks treat me like this. Congrats the narrative about most Bernie supporters seems to be true. I love Bernie but you guys are pathetic.
TIL i can't be a lawyer.
I was with Bernie till the end but I'm united in our fight against the right. Hillary all the way!
As a young Hispanic I'm ashamed that so many of my fellow Bernie supporters could turn a blind eye to the "textbook racism" that Trump uses just because they don't like Clinton. It shows a lot of true colors I didn't want to see. I wish you all well and hope time heals whatever wounds you feel
I'm an Armerican. Trump insulted an American Judge. Illegal immigrants aren't Americans. My Parents came here legally escaping civil war in El Salvador.
As a guy in my 30's I'm amazed at the fire i saw from you folks. You guys are a monster not to be messed with. I hope you don't become desinfranchised  about politics. I thought i was weird because I would vote during any election not just the presidential one. Keep that fire burning for this country.
I love it!!!
I'm peanut butter and jealous
The only thing I order from Amazon that goes to my house is cat litter. It's heavy and in a box.
Thanks guys! We'll try to pay you back on Monday against Wizards
sprained my ankle on christmas eve after training to run the 5K for 2 months. Good times....
Damn, that's my range
It's 28 here in DC.at least I got to see real snow for the first time though.
Riding my bike into downtown and checking out the spectacle.
I just came back from DC. They are setting up the National mall like any other election but word on the street (staff member of my congressman) said there are a bunch of protests planned. So many that in fact that AirBnBers are offering free rooms to them.
I was with her up until the mace. The guy was being an ass and tried to laugh off his assholeness.
I'd rather keep my job and watch the old man get put in cuffs.
dude this is a repost with a random title on it. Edit: downvoted for calling out bullshit. Fuck ya'll and keep living in your fantasy world
I've seen people shot for less.
I'd throw soapy water on my son if he stunk. If he didn't want to go to the shower I'd bring the shower to him.
You could say the same thing about a concert in the woodlands (where there isn't any real security) but I'm not fearful of a terrorist attack. I just don't live my life being scared. 9/11 was 15 years ago.
I've parked at that park at night for over 10 years heading out the Boondocks, Etro, Anvil and NOTHING has ever happened to me or my car. Stop being such a wussy and grow a pair.
So happy my haunts aren't on there.
I'm putting out an ad on backpage today, looking for a sugar momma. Wish me luck!
The boy's parents knew about the relationship. They liked her and were happy when they found out she was pregnant.
My dad is also Salvadorian and a US citizen and he even knew that Trump and Reagan are not the same. My dad calls Trump Payaso.
I got a feeling that a man riding bike around the stadium taking pictures wearing a possible backpack will be stopped a few times by police.
