My SO and I... Sorry, I, like beeg. There is also tblop.com
When you can just cum without any fears, is great.  We're trying to have a kid too and it's WONDERFUL stuff.  No worries about "Oh no, the pill, or condom, blah blah".
Her: I, will never tell you no  Me: What?     Her: If you want sex, I will never tell you no     Me: What if it's 2am and you're sick     Her: I will never tell you no  Wifed her
If she'll say yes to having sex with me?  Seriously though, I don't know if there is one thing.  I am impressed if a woman has some knowledge in a passion of mine and it's a passion of hers.  My wife and I are both really big Final Fantasy fans and we actually met because of that.  She is a nerd deep down who likes nerd things.
Why do some cats like it but then you have cats that leave your arm bloody?  My wife had to wash our two kittens two days ago and you'd think we were trying to coat them in lava with rabies.
My favorite part is the hands.  I can't do hands to save my life.
I'd pay $20/month with current content.  I have so many shows on there I want to watch, it's nuts.  My current addiction is American Horror Story.  Recently burned through My Name is Earl, and going through Cutthroat Kitchen as well.  The FoodNetwork and DIY/HGTV shows will probably keep me entertained for another month.  Still haven't watched House of Cards season 2 yet, my wife and I burned through Scandal (great show).
I went into a restaurant last year (IHOP) and ate very well.  Bill comes and I whip out the wallet and... no check card.  No cash, nada.  Thankfully I was going in there 3 times a week so the owner was like "You can go get your card, it's fine".  I'd left it on the desk in my hotel room because I was ordering some stuff online.  Forgot to put back in my wallet.  Now I just have it memorized.
Good Will Hunting is one of those films that I can watch after just having watched it.  Cabin in the Woods, this was a movie night movie here and I groaned when it won.  I had a streak of movie nights going though so I was like "Screw it, I'll watch" because whatever.  I had seen the previews a little and hear it was really good but it looked INCREDIBLY stupid.  If you've said the same things to yourself.  Watch this movie.  This is one of the best movies I've seen in the past 10 years.  I was absolutely SHOCKED at how good this movie was and the "horror" genre isn't one I really care for.
I love this subreddit.  Seriously.  Only here do I see someone wax poetic about something as a sandwich.  However, I think we have two schools of thought that ripple through our universal love of all things sandwiched.  Much like /u/The_Jims, I am a purist.  I do not begrudge someone who would rather eat an open faced sandwich but it is not something I partake in.  I feel that the meat, cheese, and your other accouterments are better found between two slices of bread; toasted being my preference.  One could argue that in this year of our lord, 2015, We should expand our views on what is and isn't a "sandwich" but I believe that without the steadfast rules that govern our sandwiches, we'll soon have other food stuffs trying to become sandwiches and though Pizza may be delicious, I'll be long dead in my cold cold grave before I ever let it be called a sandwich.
I felt bad that I drew Ms. Marvel and didn't get the chance to share my Favorite [So, here's something Harley'esque.  I can't draw people well, still trying](http://i.imgur.com/69QXNEo.jpg)
I missed my opportunity didn't I?
As an American who has to import his Peanut Butter, it's not all shit just the ones here aren't good.  I have my dad send Peanut Butter with care packages pretty regularly.  I always get Jiff (you can google it :D) and it's good.  I wanted to get some here because /u/enti_san had never tried it and she grabbed some.  It was an oil slick nightmare.  That's when I said "Screw it" and just ordered some on amazon that my Dad sent.
I worked for a company that did FiOS and that Actiontec was pretty popular and reliable.
Well, I meant, loved as in when I was able to hear him actually broadcast, not "loved" as in dead.
This past season was not that great but I'd not say all recent seasons are bad.  One of the funniest parts is actually from 2014 where they do the SuperMarket Sweep in the cars.  I saw this come on MBC out of Saudia Arabic (I think) as I was getting ready to get married.  I had to stop and watch the episode.
People must have misunderstood me since I got downvoted and you got upvotes lol.  I knew some dancers in my younger days and they liked doing it.  Most couldn't make the cash they were making elsewhere.  A girl I dated briefly was a former dancer and she was debating going back.  Eventually she did.
Total Annihilation.  The first game that seriously got me into PC Gaming and it was wonderful.  I was in college at the time it came out and I'd stay up to all hours just playing it online.  I'd play anyone of any skill level just to learn.  I'm soooo glad Steam wasn't around then to log those hours.  Other than that, On Sega Genesis was a game called Herzog Zwei that really got me into the RTS to begin with and fed my love for TA later on.
I don't use anything that as a freshener that casts a shadow.
Holy shit that's a gorgeous dress.
Wish I could come but that's 3am my time unfortunately :(
No, see, it's okay.  You can make fun of me.  I've given permission so you can now do it without harassing me.  =)
One of my favorite jokes is from Mike &amp; Molly where Molly is trying to lose weight and her Mom is trying all she can to justify her being overweight.  Which, my Mom did too.  She told Molly "you're not fat, you just have big bones" and she tells her "Mom, bones don't jiggle".
Yeah, trying to get there now myself, can't get the site up
yeahhh, I think it's because one guy I think is trying to meet chicks.  The only chick that will be there will be my wife (I think) soooo... awkward.  That or so they know who to look for?  I'm going to have a sign on the table so people know "It's us".
Saturday is Shabbos the Jewish day of rest. That means that I don't work, I don't drive a car, I don't fucking ride in a car, I don't handle money, I don't turn on the oven, and I sure as shit don't fucking roll!
I live in a third world country.  i got a roof over my head, food in my kitchen, air conditioning except in living room but it's only been up to 91F here.  I have Fiber optic.  Can't complain in the 3rd world either.
I dismissed it.  I had a job interview the day before that got delayed so I spent the next day trying to get better clothes for it to look snazzier.  My Mom sent me $150 so I could get a dress shirt and pants.  I got to store early so I was in the car napping.  I was listening to Bob &amp; Sherri and they said a plane had hit the towers.  I heard it as I was asleep and just was like "Meh" and went back to sleep and heard a little later "We're not sure but, maybe another plane hit the other tower" and I still didn't think much of it.  I thought it was just a tiny Cessna or something and people just were being stupid.  So the store opened up and I go in and I'm just like "hey, you guys hear some planes hit the twin towers?"  And they had this look on their face like they'd seen the world ending.  I saw the TV and saw them on fire but didn't know it was two large jets still.  So i shop a little and get back in my car and hear the rest of the details then, the first tower collapses.  Damn near wrecked my car.  I get home and I'm trying to phone my mom, my g/f, her mom, everyone I could.  I lived near a military base and I was scared as hell.  Shit was going down.  I got home and turned on the news and the first tower was gone and I'd barely sat down when the second fell.  Was fucking surreal.
This weekend /u/enti_san and I are going to visit her Parents.  I'm not sure what else we're doing.  This is my first full Ramadhan here as well as my first as a Muslim.  I am "cheating" a bit as I'll be drinking water (doctors orders) but will be abstaining from eating.
We don't!?  It's pretty hard.  I am new to the religion and new to a Muslim country but thankfully, under doctors orders told to drink water.  I was actually told to eat too but, I am not feeling I need to right now.  I love the holiday though as most Muslims don't eat as well as they do during Ramadhan.  My Wife's Family fills an entire table of food and you better eat until you're stuffed.  Never a problem as her Mom and Dad can cook their asses off too.
Yeah, i still have my checked on the regular just because I was blessed with good health but squandered it away by being such a fat ass.  So i still keep close checks on things.  Thankfully I'm losing a serious amount of weight now so that I can enjoy what health I have.
Might be a bit late to the party but I have to have mayo cover every single tiny bit of the area on my bread when I make a sandwich and it must be uniform in thickness so that every single bite tastes the same.  On top of that, I eat the BOTTOM part of the bread first.  The crumble part?  You know that one?  I eat it first because I don't like it.  Also I take bites to allow for a full bite and when I do, I push the sandwich hard against the top of my mouth (the roof of my mouth) and make the top piece of bread stick to it.  I always do this to the side with mayo so the rest just falls off, I chew the rest and swallow then with my tongue, I roll it off the top of my mouth into a little tube like thing.
I've been the fattest person in my family for a long time.  I'm working my way down (-135 so far) and my asshole of a brother is going up.  He looks to be about 230.  My goal is to get under 200 by this time next year.
A Benefit to being married.  My wife is much cleaner than I am and I'm partially disabled so I do about 30% and she does the other 70%.  She always makes sure the house is clean before we go visit her parents for the weekend.  It is soooo nice to come home and have that clean house look/feel.  It only lasts for a short time as we got bags galore and groceries on the floor to put up.
Living in Tunisia they will do everything they can to simulate bacon here.  The great thing is that you can find actual bacon bacon here too.  Along with a lot of other pork products.  They just don't eat it.  I'm trying to tempt my wife.  I think her Dad wants to try it but said he doesn't find it appealing.  He asked me "Does it taste good?"  I told him "Imagine the best thing you've ever eaten in your life.  It's 10x better than that".
That whole shark from the Super Bowl craze died down way before I grew tired of it.  That never happens but, this time it did.  I loved it.
When i worked in IT one of the benefits they gave employees was that we would fix their personal PC's for free.  You wouldn't BELIEVE how many computers people "owned" with their friends names as the usernames.  Or how many didn't know a password was required to log in and had to call someone to get it.  It got so bad that I couldn't keep up with what I was SUPPOSED to be doing.  The network went down for days and I had people bitching that I didn't have their home computers fixed yet.  They complained to my boss.  The incentive was then taken away and I finally got back to fucking work.
**Did** work for.  It was for, ironically, a Union.  Why ironic?  They (and other Unions typically) fight about working outside your "craft" and this was what they had me doing.
Straight man here, changed my icon to the equal rights sign for the month but changed it now to one Hillary posted on Twitter.  Also posted the wording of the decision as a post, very very happy.  Of course we're happy because oppression is dying in our country.
I lucked up and met a woman who was a huge GG and KPOP/JPOP fan too.  Wifed her.
1 was shot dead.  1 was captured.  I think 2 were on the loose but haven't heard anything yet.  They came from the beach area.  Just walked upu and started shooting.  There was/is a manhunt for the others and the people who helped them.  Will update with more information later when wife gets home.
So you're saying it doesn't affect me?  I thought I'd be forced to marry a guy now that it's legal.  Are you sure?  Not sure if it matters but I'm white too.  Does it still apply?
My Wife has a Dog at her parents house.  We go to visit every 2-3 weeks and you would think he'd not seen her in a year.  He has to be restrained because a couple of times he's hurt her.  He jumps on her, runs around, barks non-stop, jumps on her again, runs around, etc etc.
I swear, I feel cheated by hearing about all these In-Law stories.  I got a pretty normal and sane father and mother in law who love and adore me and treat me as their child.  They show me respect and love and everything.  :(  This doesn't get me much reddit gold :(
I'm an incredibly fat guy.  If someone wants to random search me it's purely gotta be for safety reasons.  I told my wife, before coming here, I should look at one of the male agents and be like "Do you give the private naked exams?  I volunteer to one if you are the one giving it." then wink at him.
I never understood getting upset.  The people who are determining if the flying metal tube I am crossing an ocean in has deemed something worth fixing, take your fucking time!  Seriously, quadruple check that shit.  I'm all for getting there late over not at all.  There was a slight delay on a flight from NYC to Paris that I was on and was only worried about making my connecting flight but not like I was going to blame the dude who has decided some shit needed to be repaired.
J-Stew will be with us for probably 2 more years but that 2nd year he might be sharing 50/50 with CAP or be the backup to CAP.
Almost any other day, I would.  But she's gotta be up super early to clean and then a big meeting tomorrow at work then late night because her sister and her husband are coming for dinner.
J-Stew out today and CAP has a fantastic game and we go 15-1.  If you told me we'd be an entire season without Benjamin and the last 3 games without J-Stew, I'd probably have cried even more.  We lost Luke for 3.5 games early on too.
This is something I learned from Gordon Ramsay and is why when I cook, especially the meat, I take extra precautions with it to not burn it or waste it because something DIED to feed me.  It's trickled over to when I cook veggies and other stuff too because I like to make sure what I cook is enjoyed and the ingredients are well represented in flavors.
