All gifs load just fine for me. Running iOS 8.0 using AB version 2.9.2 on an iPhone 5.  What version of the app are you using? It can be found in settings &gt; about alien blue
This is how I felt too about a year ago.  I started doing weekly discussion threads with the idea of starting with the albums and then getting deeper but I ended up getting burned out pretty quickly.  Feel free to spark up any discussions that you'd like, I'm sure others would love to chime in.
Fucking hell, Just now I was checking the stats between the two and accidentally sold the killer bow.   [mfw](http://imgur.com/67Py32v)  Hopefully I didn't come off as bragging in the first post, I was just kind of bummed to pull such an item on an essentially throw-away account.
Thank you.  The worst part is something like this isn't the first time. Once combined a 3+ luminous robe the wrong way and ended up with another 3+ instead of a 3++.  And you're right regarding two games, it's very time consuming and I really don't have the time for both.  I'd like to ditch the second one but besides abilities and characters, it's doing a lot better than my main.  It's sad to see a grown man playing this game double fisted.  ^^^I ^^^may ^^^have ^^^a ^^^problem
The settings you save in 'preferences' on the website are reflected while using alien blue, no need for the pro upgrade for this.   Make sure you have 'I'm 18 and willing to view adult content' unchecked in 'preferences' on the website and then re-authenticate your account in the app by going into settings &gt; accounts &gt; tap the alien head next to your username  Let me know if you have any questions.
Did it hang on the upload screen for a while?  That happened to me a couple times. It'll sit at the uploading screen for about 15 seconds and then say that message. I'd try again and the same thing would happen.  Force closing and restarting the app fixed it.
That's strange, I've never had any problems editing comments.  Which version of the app are you using?  You can check by going into settings &gt; about alien blue
I see what you're saying.  I guess tapping that button would be more of a workaround than anything.  I rarely use the iPad version and only tried a couple links but couldn't get the issue you're reporting.
One of the features of reddit gold is being able to organize saved posts.  I've never used the feature so I can't speak of how easy it is or how well it does it.
&gt;I heard you need internet for the phone version  I can't speak for the android version but the iOS version doesn't require an Internet connection to play it.  I have all three versions but I find myself playing the phone version simply because of the ease of access as I always have my phone on me.
I had asked spez in the announcement thread but he didn't respond, do you know what will happen to alien blue once the other iOS app launches?
The app isn't being updated anymore.  Only the iPhone app, version 2.9.10, has the ability to upload images now and even then it's broken more often than it works.  You'll have to use the imgur site if you'd like to upload images.  I've set up a shortcut on my home screen for the desktop version of imgur. It takes about a minute to upload an image and copy/paste. Not as convenient as from the app, but it works.
Weird. I hope your charging port isn't bad.  I had to replace mine last year on a 5 because of that message and now every cable works fine.  I could only get one charger to work and it had to be in a very specific placement, even down to which side of the lightning charger was facing up.
Yep, that feature is pretty much broken. It still works sometimes but usually not.  You'll have to use something like the imgur site to upload images and copy/paste in the app.  What I've done is save a bookmark of the desktop imgur site on my home screen. Takes about 8 taps and a little under a minute from start to finish to upload and copy/paste.
Does the imgur app have an option to copy just the direct link to the image or does it link to the site with site's interface?  I used the imgur app before but I preferred the desktop version for some reason, I don't remember why.
I meant that I use the desktop site on my phone.  I just tap upload and select an image from my camera roll. When the image is uploaded, I can long press to copy the link and it gives a direct link to just the image instead of the image with the website's interface.  I was just curious if the imgur app allowed direct linking or if it links to the image with the site's interface.  Edit: I tried both and they give the same results so that's good to know. Maybe I'll just start using the imgur app.
I wanted to see how they presented the information in the banner, as well as just experience going through the steps involved with removing the banner in case someone inevitably asks how to in the future.  I've since seen and removed the banner.  I also learned that they've added a new option in settings labeled 'latest announcements'. That's interesting because that was added after the last update, which means they still have access to change certain things within the app without requiring an update.  All-in-all, I wouldn't consider it pointless.
&gt;Any news on this issue yet?  I'm not a dev or beta tester for this app. I don't know whether they've addressed this yet or not.
Do you have any content filters enabled on your app? Specifically /r/the_donald?  20 posts out of 25 on the first page of /r/all/top/hour are all from the_donald so that could explain why you're only seeing about 4 results.  I'm not having any issues loading that but I also don't have any filters set up.
I'm wondering if this is only an issue with the 4/4s models.  I can scroll through a text body no problem while typing up a self post in the app.  iPhone 5 iOS 9.2 reddit app version 1.1.1106
I use a free app called VideoGIF to convert videos I've recorded into gifs on my phone. Once I've made it into a .gif, I upload that to imgur and copy/paste to reddit.  Here's the link if you're interested:  VideoGIF - Video to GIF Maker by Scott Hoyt  https://appsto.re/us/8MwW7.i  I'm sure there are others but this is the one I've used and it works well.
That's fine, I was just pointing out why gold isn't useless and the reason for giving it out.  I'm still using alien blue and with gold it can load 1,000 comments instead of 500 and also shows 100 subreddits on your front page instead of 50.
It's possible that the user that replied to you deleted their comment before you checked your inbox. You'd still receive the mail icon but there wouldn't be anything there when checking the inbox.  On alien blue, I just tap the 'mark as read' button but this app doesn't have one.  Hopefully checking your inbox on the desktop site cleared the icon.
I noticed that i.redd.it domains can be loaded in optimal mode, and since optimal works, the preview feature does too.  It seems that if whoever is in charge of i.reddituploads took a look at how AB displays optimal, it might be possible for them to adjust it so AB can display them in optimal/preview.  I don't know enough about coding or programming to know for sure, but it seems like something that could happen, even if the chance of them actually doing it is low.  I remember talking with a dev for one of the meme hosting sites, I think it was livememe, and shortly after that he was able to get those links to use the preview/optimal in the app.  Do you happen to talk with the people in charge of i.reddituploads or know who they might be? If so, would you mind shooting me a PM?
I use Sypha because I think her route is the shortest, or at least the easiest.  When you say lightning, that's the blue homing balls yeah? That item is beast. I pretty much only use Sypha for beating Death and the Doppleganger.  Another plus to Sypha is the ice skips she can do by clipping through the floor while an enemy is frozen. Haven't tried it yet, but I could definitely save some time there.  I think Grant is the most fun for just playing through because of his wall-climbing. He's hella OP in the JP version since his main attack is throwing knives but I haven't played the JP version yet.  Congrats again, I've seen that you've been pumping out a lot of games recently and I think that's tits, always a good feeling adding those notches.
For Tetris, I consider it beat once you [Spoiler](/s "see the UFO instead of the rocket once you game over and the palace takes off instead")   But some of those games there isn't a way to really know, like excitebike and duck hunt, so I wouldn't know what to do there.  &gt;I think my list would be huge, so it would be a big undertaking writing them all down.  I hear that. I used to have a couple lists but have since lost them. If I were to make one right now I'm sure I'd end up forgetting a handful of games.
It's a bummer that the android version is so far behind the iOS version, but I can understand why since the dev team for android is about half the size of the iOS dev team.  Besides not having the ability to flair, none of the issues listed are present in the iOS version.
You can use the 'clear local history' button in settings to clear out some of it. I went from 180mb to 24mb after clearing it.
I'm not really bothered by it. When it happens I just refresh and start again.
They're still waiting on the servers to be set up so hopefully soon.  In the meantime, you can utuilize the local/pull notifications that the app offers.  You need to have background app refresh enabled (low power mode disables BAR) and don't swipe to kill the app in the app switcher.  Since the app has to check for the messages in the background, they won't be instant like push notifications but I usually receive them within about 10 minutes from the actual reply.  http://imgur.com/Q0gfA1X  cc: /u/sarcasticwrench
&gt; I couldn't figure out what you were talking about until I realized you were freaking out about one of those live posts.  Thank you, I spent a good five minutes trying to figure it out, I thought he was talking about an ad or something. I didn't catch that there was a live post up.
&gt;You're probably a way heavier reddit user than me.  Unfortunately, I think you may be right. I do spend way too much time on this site.  If narwhal meets all your needs, I think that's all that really matters.
&gt;Also, very often when I click on an item to see comments it displays the rotating symbol without ever showing any comments.  This is a known bug in the android version, hopefully it gets fixed soon.  &gt;Please fix.  I'm just a mod, not a dev. But at least you said please, thank you for that.
If you're on iOS you can turn on background app refresh and don't swipe to kill the app in the app switcher. These are pull notifications and won't be instant like push notifications would be.  Hopefully we'll get push notifications soon but they're waiting on the servers to be set up.
Yeah, that's not loading for me using the official app, no idea why. Works using alien blue though.   Might be worth posting in /r/redditmobile as well, that's the subreddit for the official app.
Yeah, that's bizarre. No idea why it would do that.  I tried just now and they both showed the same results. (With the exception of a sponsored link while not logged in)  Unfortunately, I don't think I'll be of much help moving forward. If you find out what was causing it, let me know because I'm curious to see what's affecting it.
I'm not part of the mobile site team.  Any feedback you have for them can be directed to /r/mobileweb
Ah, you're right. I even tried opening it in safari and am still unable to save it.
&gt; I find myself endlessly scrolling on this app because I can't close a comment/thread and see the next top comment.   On android, long press the comment to collapse. On iOS, tap to the right of the username. On both versions there's also a 'collapse thread' function in the 3 dot menu of any comment.  On iOS, there's also the next comment button (grey circle with two downward arrows) that will auto scroll to the next top level comment when pressed.
I just tried accessing the wiki using the 2.8.4 android version and it worked for me. I tried here in /r/redditmobile, /r/alienblue, and /r/help and they all loaded correctly.  And thank you for reminding me to update my user flair.
I am, but not for this subreddit.  Go for it, shoot it from the hip.   I'll try and help in any way that I can.
Comment/post scores can fluctuate every time you refresh. This is called vote fuzzing and is intentional, especially if the score has more than a few points.   With that said, I've noticed the same behavior but only in certain subreddits, usually ones I don't participate in too much.  Haven't really tested it with upvoting comments, but I do notice that any comment I downvote doesn't stick at all. This is very noticeable when the comment's current score is +1 at the time of voting.  Note that I don't go crazy with the downvoting either, it may be one or two comments in a thread, and the last time I would try to downvote would've been weeks prior to that.  It might be intentional behavior, I don't know.  I'd suggest possibly participating in the subreddit more, maybe even upvote more.
If you're on iOS, there's an option to add them as a friend from their user profile in the 'about' tab.  I don't think android has the friends feature right now and I don't have my android device handy to verify.
I tried to replicate but was unable to do so.  I don't receive push notifications for private messages despite having the option enabled in the settings.  I am currently using the beta version but I doubt hat would matter as I haven't been receiving push notifications for private messages for a while now.  Edit: nevermind, I tried with an alt that was still logged in and I did receive a push for that one, so maybe it is fixed in the current beta.
&gt; Why does it take so long cancel a comment you are writing versus erasing everything and going back to the last page?  On iOS, it's pretty fast. A pop up asks for confirmation to exit the draft but that's less than a second. Are you on android?  &gt; Are our comments saved somewhere when we cancel a comment/post?  No.
You're good, this sub is for asking questions about reddit and that's what you were doing.  I was just letting you know the other sub is dedicated to the app.
I went ahead and flaired your post as an android request.  For any future posts in this sub, please mention which platform you're referring to in order to minimize confusion and unnecessary comments.
There really isn't a centralized location for all the gestures and tips.  I've learned what I know through using the app, visiting this subreddit, and viewing the release notes for each app update.
&gt; and the way you access the multireddit tab on an actual desktop computer doesn't seem to work on a mobile device.  It seems to be working fine for me through safari on my iOS device.   Are you accessing the multireddit from the front page on the left hand side of the screen?
You can take a picture using the camera but accessing an image in the camera roll crashes, right? I had this same issue a couple weeks ago. It resolved itself on its own the next day.   Tried reinstalling and restarting my device to no avail.
