China has job turnover around ~40% year one and between 25-33% every other year. They myth that people should be loyal to a corporation is a western sentiment, while it sucks to manage people flowing in and out like that, it makes sense given wage and promotion stagnation. It's tough to leave a small organization, but fuck large corporations, I'm just another employee ID in a database somewhere.
I'm going to have to reference this week 1 when Temple shocks the world with a big W over Penn State
Yes, sure it would kill the fun.. but my finances would get sooo much better after all of that sports betting
Anywhere really, close to home.. Like BC or UConn.. Maybe even all the way out there to Syracuse.   California to play another Pac-12 team, I'd love to play Stanford.   Texas or Oklahoma to play a Big XII team.  Somewhere down in SEC country, not Arkansas since we played them recently. Maybe Tennessee because of the 70s.  Boise State, because they abandoned the Big East.   Hawaii, because reasons.
The Stanford Band is one the my favorite traditions in college football, even if they might have been forced to chill out a few times
We didn't cut as many sports, but I think we cut like 6 in the mid 2000s (I am on my phone).  We didn't make nearly as much money in the Big East as Maryland did in the ACC
A few friends of mine took an Uber in Shanghai.. they drove around the block a few times before the one guy whipped out apple maps (lol) and told the driver how to get there.  God I miss the never ending supply of dumplings..
First time I had boiled peanuts was in China.. they were, okay  I'm sure Murica does it better, but right now the bar is set pretty low.
That contact could have been avoided, better safe than 15 yards and an automatic first down in the 4th quarter with less than 2 minutes left when you're up by less than a field goal.  I am an impartial observer, that was a bonehead play.
I hope it was as good of a crowd as our games against Louisville/Penn/Michigan
People are just trolling nj.com  Source:  I just participated and trolled nj.com by voting yes
My behavior last year at the PSU game  Notable chants include:  * [redacted]! [redacted]! [redacted]! * [redacted]-downs not [redacted]! * [redacted] Penn [redacted]! * [redacted] [redacted] cows!
I've heard Rutgers golf course is beautiful and that there is always a  wait list.
The business school parking lot is on the books, I pray that they start soon.. walking from the yellow lot during basketball season is evil.
I'm glad - hopefully I won't have to bitch about punting and kickoffs for a little while.  We finally had some consistency with the punting game this season after our old punter cost us a couple games during our terrible 6-7 run a few years ago.
My HS coach used to teach us to follow the ball..  http://joedanielfootball.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/11/defendingcounter.png  As a weakside ILB (buck) in a 4-4 defense, I'm glad I made it out of HS alive
I woke up at noon today!   (am not a dad)
I might have to take a trip up there just to try out some new food.  un/fortunately they're still BYOB, so I suppose you can make the most of that.   Agrees with your opinion on BBQ, at least we do have pockets of excellence. Grub Hut's BBQ beats BBQ I've had in SC (Gaffney) and AK (Jonesboro).. I was really disappointed in Jonesboro's BBQ, but was really impressed by their Mexican food.
Grad school has biz comm
I'm an alumnus, but I was able to get a subsidized loan only when I hit 12 credits.. Pretty sure that rule is the same now
I should probably get out of bed.. *sigh*  I'm way too lazy for this shit
I'm sure there's a child or two with Tyson's DNA in there
I just had a flashback to a cigar smoker's machine.. *ughhhhh*
This was the class where half of the recruits decommited. You're right though, it's not all bad news as it's normal for this to happen, I was just triggered when I read that he was a 2014 guy.
I know the feels... (except I'm staying in NJ, I'm not going to DC)  My brother is giving me this really horrendous couch and this octogonal kitchen table ... I want to say no, but after paying all of that cash up front for my place I don't have it in me to turn the offer down
I had no idea the spoiler tag worked in this sub
I need motivation and red bull.. Stat!
bought Just Cause 3 then realized that my video card couldn't handle it :'(
but.. I'm too lazy to IRC... though, my Raspberry Pi hasn't been doing anything.. I could use it instead of a web interface.... hmm...
drinkin a beer.. buyin shit off Amazon.. living the dream
I'm sure /u/stamor99 is right but I haven't tried it out  Protip: if you do start to travel for work at some point in your life, and want to figure out which airline you should put your loyalty points to, pick Delta.. by the time I learned that, it was too late for me.. I just hit United Silver this year, no way I'm picking anyone else now (I'm sure there are some in this sub who would laugh at my puny United Silver status, but it's my first airline status damnit)
Finding a \^single girl \^without \^kids to date ~~in the South when you're an Atheist~~ isn't easy  FTFM
personally, I'd go with FATA or maybe some Slipknot  -- or maybe really take it wayyyyy back and play some Fear Factory [[Resurrection is the greatest workout song of all time, of all time](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_OHJxN9C1Y)]  Anyway, good rap so she could come out like a fucking boss - they know shitty rap, but if she starts blasting some Kendrick Lamar or some old school Yeezus they'll realize how much better her taste in music and that she's the fucking boss of the apartment complex who is not to be fucked with. (I probably spend too much time lurking /r/hiphopheads)  I imagine she's listening to some of this through the walls https://youtu.be/s28ISo0kz0E?t=2m7s
anyone else read "bill of lading"  ... I need a vacation
After that I could, I could use cleaning services.. I could pay with pizza
I've heard that (at least in New Jersey) it's harder to adopt a rescue puppy than it is a child.  Like a year or so ago, I met a couple who adopted both.  Not sure what happened to them, but they seemed like nice people and had a really pretty dog which was a mutt (non-breeds are the best breeds).
I'm so bored, but I'm so comfortable..
I just ate super gross, dried out museum food... If it wasn't so expensive I would go up for seconds
I'm at the natural history museum in NYC.. I was left alone for a few minutes while everyone did bathroom breaks and whatnot
I shouldn't be given access to the Internet right now
I know of 6 former football players who may be able to help you
Ah, that's where you had trouble.  I put my faith in my star star Leonardo DiCaprio.  He's scrappy, but a real gym rat.  Sure he doesn't have an Oscar but he's willing to put the work in to go 1-0 in any award show.  Next, I took the Lady Gaga vote - while I didn't watch her game film, I knew that someone with name recognition like that and acting in a conference like that she'd get a ton of votes.  I'm just glad that the voters aligned with here I thought she ought to be.  I'm hoping to be 1-0 next year.
Oh no.. I might have made a mistake.. Is there a way to undelete a lawyer
I'm /u/crustang, likely known for my completely biased view of Rutgers, occasional trolling, and my extreme hatred for all things that are penn state.  I gave up on the NFL years ago, but I do watch teams and pick one that I want to root for come playoff time - that team again has been the Seahawks because I think Russell Wilson is an alright dude.  Yankees for baseball.  Devils for hockey.  The Knicks for basketball (former Nets fan, until they decided to be assholes).  I don't feel like writing anymore, this is way too much work OP, especially after class.  I'm taking a 1-credit winter course so I'm in class from 6p-9p every night this week.
I think we got this guy  But I'm wondering how much of a shit show this class will wind up being
I nominate myself for the most crustang poster  Also, where's my golden globe flair :'(
it was because of food.. had a light breakfast..  I'm kind of doing a new years resolution - but I'm not calling it that.. I'm calling it:  operation shut the fuck up, [eat less &amp; move more](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VKs0oEIVOck)
Good luck!  I've been to the ecological preserve once or twice, nice area right near the football ^^^^and ^^^^basketball stadiums  I don't know if ecology PHD students would go to places like that or Rutgers gardens.. but.. you could bear witness to the (hopefully) reinvigorated and perpetually dominant Rutgers team (or at least goes bowling every year)
I can't believe I spent twice as much as you on a bottle of wine.. Damn north east (I went with a different brand)
I have a date next weekend! Or rather.. I'm going to be someone's date to some party.. So I suppose that's not the same thing.. But she's going to buy me drinks so that counts for something, I guess.. Right??
