I'd cave in for a snake. I'm not 100% in love with snakes but they're cute enough I'd be willing to learn, esp if it was a smaller one like a corn snake.
The color morphs are a reason I brought up corn snakes, I was somewhere and saw an exhibit with like 15 different colors and they were all so pretty! I didn't know some of the colors even existed. I like the idea of a pet snake, I just haven't handled one enough to be comfortable with it yet.
As a left-but-closer-to-middle-than-not person who is a government employee, she needs to go yesterday.
I don't want children and I can tell you that's child abuse. That's insane and torture to anything able to feel pain.
when I played, we were both. Is that evil? But I was almost always the one (no matter the class) that would get bored of talking and planning (everyone wanted to plan out things too much) and I would go wreck something or blast someone or sneak off or ... you get the point. I also tried to hug the wildlife a lot. It never worked out :&lt;
My barb would take out doors and keep going XD but he was a jumpy-chargy-axe-wielding maniac so that's to be expected.
The pro-natal 'pweashus buaybwee' crowd :s  The younger you are, the more you can stand/sit on the floor at someone's house/ ect.   I almost ripped my SiL a new one once because when I told her kids to get off the couch so I could sit down (there wasn't any more space to sit) she made my brother move over and had both of the kids come snuggle on the love seat with them so they didn't have to sit on our evil floor. That was clean. Gaaaaah /eyetwitch  So instead they make the loveseat strain. I was going to say more but got the 'cut it out, no use' signal from my parents.
Sweet! I've wanted to do one but admittedly too lazy to chop it up in Photoshop. Now I don't have to &lt;3 Internet hugs!
Its less tit for tat and more a balance of give and take, imo. If one person is always taking from the other, that's a bad relationship because the giver gets nothing out of it. Time, money, and emotions are precious commodities, and if I'm going to invest them in you, I expect to have a return on my investment.   I'm actually in the process of ghosting out on a one sided friendship. Well, there was generosity with money but everything had to be at this other person's house, their way and there was no room for compromise, and my emotions were discarded. That's a bad friendship to me, so I'm not gonna put up with it anymore.
I haven't yet but these two are having me on the edge of such.
I have flown. Screw pat downs that feel like sexual assault. There's more efficient and effective uses of MY tax money to combat security issues over whats currently used.
Sorry for your loss. He looked very hot back in his day, and he had great tastes companions! I don't know if this photo encompasses the essence of your father to you, but overall its a lovely photo and regardless of if you use it or not, hang on to it. &lt;3 internet hugs for your difficult time.
He looks so fluffy and regal and .... I want to hug him lol.
Poor thing is sick (with illness not how it was born), I hope it gets better :&lt; I think the idea of using the dog as a therapy animal for trans-gendered persons is interesting but in the craze of trans-gendered persons, don't forget actual inter-sexed persons that do exist. Not that they're a persecuted or targeted group over anything else; but the dog could help them as well if used as a therapy animal.  Edit: not sure why the downvotes? I can only guess 'craze of trans-gendered persons'. I am aware of the battles such folk face and support them some of them; it just seems because of Jenner a lot of good and bad attention has come to their issues as of late. Also seems like a hot topic thing along with gun violence/police, terrorists, and SJWs. Not my intent to offend.
Did you go play kickball after 1.? Because I would be really tempted...
I didn't know about the Raleigh one. The more I know!
That's very upsetting to read. I used to drive through that area often to visit my grandmother in Danville, VA, and it always seemed to me that it was a shabby area in need of a facelift but I never realized it was that bad.
Its not fun, happened to me in a sexual assault situation. My brain said 'scream! cry! run! do something!' and my body went 'nopecan'twon't'
that's hilariously evil. Also: I am an IT lady who can actually cook quiche since that's relevant XD
Depends on what they are raised with. I've seen different pics of lions/tigers hanging out with dogs of various sizes before. If the big cat hangs out with little kittles all its life, it might be okay for them to hang out and get along.   Not the same, but as an aside for size difference: Our horse loves cats and other small animals. He's really gentle and likes to lip at them a bit. Only ever had one cat that liked it, the other two hate it, and our chihuahua isn't fond either. But Buddy grew up with barn cats, and had one in particular that hung out with him and slept on his back so he likes seeing small animals and if he sees them around he is more careful with his big hooves.
Which reminds me, I need to find my Canada buddies from wow. They were fun! And defied the 'normal' Canadian sterotypes really. Except for being very polite, lol.
Its a 2015 and not a 2016? Fuck you mom! I hate my life! AUGH! ANGST!
I need to do #1 more, lately my friends haven't been on my ark server and a pair decided to start hanging out on a different server most of the time, so logging in to be alone has kinda gutted me a little. Been trying to play other games instead :s
'I feel meh' 'Why?' 'I dunno.' 'stop it!' '..... what part of depression makes you think that's a magic button!?'
I got a free cupcake, soda and chips at work today, they were all green XD I can relate!
depends on what you do. I have a ford Ranger and my parents have a GMC Acadia, both get used to haul animal feeds, the Acadia gets used to do grocery and SAMs shopping and some furniture and lumber shopping. My truck is used for hay, lumber, composted horse poop (amazing fertilizer), recycling (big loads at a time), mulch, and anything else that's too big or messy for the Acadia.
Maybe. It don't bother me though, I know at the end of the day one friend is still my bff even if we disagree on this point (she wants everyone to be friends forever and doesn't want to recognize that some friendships need to die) and the other has become a more distant friend anyway because he isolates himself to be with his girlfriend (self imposed, the girl likes hanging out with us)   That's so annoying though that they can be so charming! Because the blimey bastard is! Took me butting heads with him over DnD and some other things to wake up to what he really is.
My best friend with a pre-order of Legend of Zelda:Twilight Princess HD with Wolf Link/Minda Amiibo.... well... I'm hosed, I'm pretty sure she can beat me up and my weapon is not helpful!
Someone read my palm in highschool and said I'd have 3 kids, 5 grandkids and be a rich old lady. They're wrong on all accounts. Although I wouldn't mind being a rich old lady...
sweet! Looks like my gpu is supported (gtx660ti) so saved and gonna try at home to see what it'll do. Will try to remember to report back when I do it.
And what kind of SuperMom would I be if I didn't get my angelkins whut she waaaaants!?
as IT staff, thank you :3
I know a couple people in my small town looking to do EMS. Raleigh or Charolotte would be your best bets or near those areas for better jobs and pay. I know the area I'm in just north of the Durham area doesn't have that much open atm, there are some private EMS folks but part time is about all that's being offered from what I hear my friends talk about. Chapel Hill would also be a good area to look because UNC is there, and its very close to Durham and fairly close to Greensboro and Raleigh.
I'd say try the larger areas, I live out more in the country and there's less opportunity it seems like. A few months ago my buddy talked to someone from one of Wake County's hospitals and they do a fair amount of hiring, pretty sure they'd have at least private transport if not fully private ems.
I dunno :S I went to best buy first and it said out of stock but people are saying they got it there today so I guess the internet wants to be jerks to us!
Raven gets a little chilly so I put him in doggy clothes sometimes. I really think he's adorable in this sweater.   For anyone curious, he does have an eye growth. I have an appointment for him about it. He'll probably have to have surgery for it, its the second one on that eye he's had; he had the same thing happen last year. Just want to answer that question/comment before it happens.
I did this to my best friend once... I can't even remember what I dreamed, but it was so real to me at the time that I was upset almost all day. I talked with her about it and we had a laugh but its creepy how real the dream felt and the resulting anger/upsetness I woke up with.
So true, I was the surprise that started forming 4 months after my mom had my sister.
That is sad. My parents made jokes like that, but they are both retired now, and seem really happy! My dad basically had separation anxiety from her from the time they became close (she told me she'd kill me for saying this next bit but she don't know how to reddit) He even used to cry when she would leave for work. He's got depression among other issues and does better now, but despite anything else, they really love each other and like being together be it doing house work, going to town for groceries. Or doing something that horrified me because it caught me off guard the other week: listening to old music and slow dancing in the living room.   I mean, its good to have a little time apart if you need to sometimes, but yea I think its sad if you can't handle a few weeks with more than normal amounts of time with your SO.
My brother got a girl pregnant at that age, my mother helped arrange and pay for it without letting HER parents know! At least that's the impression I got years later when hearing about it, it happened when I was 3.
Truth. She went on to marry someone else besides my bro and she has like .... 3 or 4 kids now?   My bro had a bad habit of sticking his stuff in places and not uh... taking enough precautions. He has children on several continents now thanks to being in the Army. And of course he ends up with a thundercunt SiL and 2 annoying ass kids.
I'm frightened of guns and you said triggered, reported!
not many, I have anxiety and I am... the opposite of skinny u.u
I'm in Roxboro, snow capitol of the Piedmont region. Local weather shows my area getting some mystical amount between 3 and 12 inches, lol.
if I get 3 feet in my NC town, I'll be out of work for a week but town will get back to rights within a day or two. Working for a school, I get snow days XD
I have a white short hair, I have to keep my work clothes in a closet in another room to keep his hair off them XD and of course the time he wants to sit in my lap the most is when I'm in work clothes about to leave. The time I babysitted Fluffy, a fairly good copy of Pepe here, there were tumbleweeds of his fluff everywhere. We actually shaved his belly and legs to lessen that XD
Too much money involved on their end. Otherwise I would, if things were handled more fairly.   I have A- blood, no fear of needles, and decent veins.   Although I did volunteer for the school's pathology students to stick me, I got stuck in each arm. Was interesting and kinda fun in the weirdest way.
The coastal state that's the REAL home of the first flight of a plane by the Wright Brothers ;)
.... &lt;3! That is best Gronk, I didn't know I liked him until this picture, lol. Thank you X3
Awww cute babies! I'm a sucker for a pair of black and white kittles, as my boys are a pair like that.
