I've installed all the updates and Upgrades , running a windows 7 Version with SP1 !  But it seems like I still didn't get an upgrade possibility on my desktop pc meanwhile on my laptop there is already one!   What am I doing wrong ?
agreed!  I mean there is a reason for Valve to implement the "Official Data" thing on your profile!  and no it isn't meant for trolling people , its because of People like Envy who uses another random anime character at every tournament ( idolising anime characters and switching from month month , I kind a feel sad about that )
yes as u/a_hundred_boners said its a confirmed memory leak and I REALLY wanna use both immortals :(
I dont get these people! they have serious issues!  How do you think RTZ got noticed and now is like one of THE best carrys/mid in the world??  I tell you what , he didnt become that by trolling random heroes in inhouses. He did it by giving his VERY BEST every single time and now he is one of the most respected players out there! ( and yes he started in NA inhouses)  I myself am a 6.2 k player and im trying my hardest to get in the FPL , do you think I would even CONSIDER trolling when playing with the likes of Bulldog/fuckingmad/dendi/s4 and so on???  I think there is a reason why the NA FPL and NEL are completely SHIT compared to the EU! Im not saying we on EU are mistakeless but in inhouses everyone gives his best.   Don't get me wrong , everyone should take care of themselves and decide what they wanna do but when you go out of your "zone" and changes the game of another player who is giving his best  , you deserve nothing but get kicked out of the league.  No , I am no PJSalt right now ! It's just sad that you can play with the likes of Fear and rtz and decide to troll instead of giving your best when you are complete garbage tier compared to them.  I hope NONE of these people ever make it into pro-scene and im pretty sure they ever wont with an attitude like that
I would love to bring EXACTLY this thread up , 1 week after TI when the meta is completely dragged out and there is ONE amazing strat!  would be fun to see if opinions have changed or stood the same.   Personally for me its so-so. there are way too many bristle / wisp / undying / qop / gyro / pl picks, we basically see all of them in every game either picked or banned.
what does TIL exactly stand for ?  I always think of like "achievement of the day" or smth
I tell you who wins that , the best earth spirit without ANY doubt.  For me it would take very long to get back at 6k with my heropool Storm,Tinker,SF,Wr,TA! I think with these heroes its kind of easy to get like 5,5 but higher not that easy because good ppl try to counter you.  But if you are a good es on offlane. you will be owning every single game
Kreygasm!  best thing happened to me today
I just opened a thead myself!  i am MASSIVELY disappointed, fucking wooooooooooorst E3 of all time! absolutely nothing
is it possible for me to take my dota2 from //C and just put it on //E or smth ?   my SSD is full :D
Same for me man!  I though on the WiiU we had the Possibilites of a REAL and GOOD Pokemon Open world thingy in 3d graphics and shit:(  SO disappointed
I really dislike the change!  I always want to keep my steam profile hidden cause im scared of any scammers and so on.  hope it's just a bug
no we aren't neighbours , like 300km between us!"  but we never had any issues in HearthStone or Dota2 :/ only in SpeedRunners we keep DCing
Can I still preorder them here somewhere??  my girl is a HUGE fan of yoshi and Id love to give it to her as a present!
im living in Germany,Europe!  any info about us?
&gt; Fixed various bugs with non-QWERTY keyboard layouts   It still doesnt work for me properly! Im using QWERTZ , and when I press"^" the console is opened up AND can be closed! but my Console is bind to F3 ! "^" is purchase QuickBuy for me .
I dont care where my console is, I just want ^ to be free for Purchase Quickbuy , Ive been using that since forever
so I have to rename the Dota2.exe or what ?  ( sorry for dumb questions :( )
why is it faster than normal games??  tring to build a smurf right now
For how long do you play DotA/Dota2 now?
guys I think im using my own config and I want to know WHY I cant change settings IN Dota which will then be saved in my config file?  not only in Reborn also in Dota2 source 1! for example I have to click EVERYTIME when starting Dota2 on "Teleport Requires Stop"  , any help ? suggestion?
how to do that ? I have 2 options , one is "hide" and the others thing means like "copyrighted" so it doesnt change ( because I use own colors teal and yellow instead of green and red and when I leave that unchecked it always switched to red green )
TI boost is not finished yet!  Im still expecting another chest soooo we'll see
7k NA?  about 2.4k EU
I dont know why you are raging so much!  back in the day it was normal to get ONE item instead of a set and they were always common / uncommon! literally MYTHICALS were worth smth... nowadays every fucking item is at least a mythical even if it looks like 1 level under common
Ive also started at around 4800 after calibration back in the days! And I can tell you that there is literally no difference from 5,5-6.5k but to get better than 4k to break like 5.4-5,5k mmr it takes a LOT!  you have to know every role, you cant have tunnel vision ever, literally one eye should be hugging the minimap while the other one is doing creep equilibrium! also play aggressive as often as you can try to zone with your hero, even if its just body language!  there are so many more points to go through but to sum it up, if you think you are mechanically better than 4.5-5k ppl then the only thing that will unleash you is right decisions ( that includes when to splitpush/what itembuild to go/ what skillbuild to go / where do I have to ward/ who is ganking me / who is DANGEROUS when ganking and who is not / Can I escape ? / Can I even turn and kill !  those questions have to run through your mind like all the time and believe me soon enough you will be one of us :)
my game coordinator is down since the patch!  restarted Dota/Steam/ my PC/ even the router!  HOW DO I FIX IT ? because it doesnt seem to be down for everyone else
yours is white and backlit!  where did you get it from ? would buy instantly
id also be willing to play SpaNkinG#2720  thorns crusader (did GRift69solo)
i have played nothing but Invoker Crusader this season!  after 42 hours of gametime I Have akkahan / Roland 6piece ancient! and Light set 4/6 ancient set parts!  I still dont have dropped a single piece of invoker ancient!
Im playing every season and Im always playing a lot! ( I mean in this 1week 2 days I played about 90+hours! ) and I have NEVER seen a bandit shrine
im so jealous of all the rerolls you can do to get your ancient shit together
Feels good to be back :')
Since the previous patch I've got a 1 or 1.5 sec delay when pressing the options wheel!  anyone else ?
just for clarification bro:  http://www.esportsearnings.com/players  funny how I get downvoted for telling the truth rofl! I know it was not your intention I just wanted to give props to Dota2 for making about everything right
&gt; This looks straight out of N64 Rare days  so much this! I have missed those games so much.
Like I literally dont care if this is an saudi sheikh or some russian oligarch OR a product is sponsoring a club!  ManCity/Chelsea/Paris/Leipzig are all the same to me ( yes it sounds harsh but thats my opinion) they are literally just pumping money into the club they dont have to "carry" themselves they can just buy buy buy players and offer ridiculous salaries.  im really happy for leipzig and im looking forward to a hopefully good contendor in the Bundesliga
oh my god those were the best days!  this was THE MOST fun I had watching a stream, it was smth new,it had pro players, some casters, some random guys like SuJoy, some grills, Nelson the escapist, memes, kuros talkshow on how to live and so on... this post just gave me goosebumps thanks morphling
I dont think you know how asian parents are! (maybe excluding Korea)
think that was the problem too!  EE is a hectic fucking nonstop talking mess while making a million mistakes himself!  Im actually not sure how anyone can handle that
I dont know. I always thought of Koreans parents being open to SC2 professionals because the western world tells me that being a progamer in Korea is like being a football player in Europe
its just my opinion. i didnt say anywhere that it is a fact or smth and I think im allowed to have my opinion ??? Where did I state that Im better than Miracle. you said im either way above or below you, the amount of players that are WAY above me are maybe 30 people on this planet ( just mmr-wise), and I dont recognize your name on any leaderboard so I assumed   you're lower but thats perfectly fine everybody can has his own opinion.
I thought the chest comes with the game Warhammer? all my friends are already playing it ? did I miss a chest or will it be released seperately?
buy a name tag and name it after him!  you shall NEVER again use another courier :((  sorry for your loss bro I know how that feels
For someone who was in the crowd at Frankfurt Major and ESL One Frankfurt, I didnt feel like the Major was just another ESL One, the crowd was SUPER hyped, the games were exciting as hell and the Venue was great too.  Maybe the hype didnt jump on stream as it did on the major itself!  I was with a friend there ( and weve been to a lot Dota2 tournaments ) and it felt completely different - a little TI'ish I would say.  I really hope Frankfurt gets another Major next season.
Oh boy flughtless dod was the only "extremely" rare item Ive got ever !  and it isnt unusual FeelsBadMan   to your post I think yes! Maybe Valve adds a way to make a courier unusual so you only have to buy your fav color and effect
And I miss the old artour   big shadowfiend artour  set on his goals artour   BibleThump
Well I wish, but our OldLady of a coach who has clearly not watched football for the past 10years wont sub him.
Had the same kind of moron in my team.  Just bought quelling blade on my silencer
What is your level may I ask?  58 treasure seems like a lot, honest gl in opening them all.
