My problem with DayZ and its ilk is what do you do in them? Like in Minecraft you can have fun playing it by yourself constructing stuff while the world blows it up, and it's very nature allows you to build whatever you can imagine. But DayZ you just wander around and fuck with other players. There's no sense of completion or accomplishment that you get from beating a solid single player game or teaming up to take down an epic raid boss.  In fact thanks to a combination of early-access, public betas, and content patches, online games have entered this weird, nebulous space where they are never finished and are never technically out. I mean Warframe was playable for almost two years before it went gold. I had been playing MechWarrior Online for five months before being invited to their launch party.
So I had this idea for an RPG (and I know John Carmack had this idea too before Romero got a hold of it) that has you level down instead of level up. So you start out as an unstoppable, overpowered badass with more abilities and spells then you know what to do with, which is the end point of every RPG. But, probably for story reasons, at various points throughout the game you have to give up powers at regular intervals, your delevels. The idea is that players build a character to their play style by getting rid of all the abilities they don't like and keeping the ones they do. Not only does this change the way we think about game and RPG design but it would solve the problem many RPGs suffer from where the beginning of the game is brutal and the ending is a breeze.
My little princess is all grown-up and murdering people.
Hang on, I know their dumb rules and can play by them.  I identify as a Bedouin desert nomad. Racism is dumb and we should stop persecuting and discrimination against everyone, not just everyone except white people.
That's kind of what gay means at that age. I remember elementary school kids saying Hanson was gay because they made songs about girls.
Because the genitals of small children is really important to me and yes I want this on record!
Did you ever lament your status at last place due to your inherent nice guyness?
Obviously it's a disorder. There's even a detectable neurological component which you don't seem to like for some reason. What I've been trying to drill through your cavernous, Neanderthal-esque skull is that sex and gender aren't the same thing and that having a mental disorder is not the same thing as insanity. Frankly your disgusting attitude is to conclude that because transgenderism is a disorder it should be stigmatized and you can go right the fuck off with that. Finally sex transitioning is still the most humane method of treatment.  Edit: on the subject of Fallon Fox. This is where I admit my ignorance, I don't know enough about MMA where I can distinguish any difference between her fighting and say, Ronda Rousy. They both look like two strong people very good at hurting other people. Frankly as a human Fallon Fox has the right to feel comfortable in her own body. However if it can be proven that the hormone therapy for sexual reassignment gives athletes an unfair advantage in their weight class then they should be barred from competing. We've already banned one form of hormone therapy for its performance enhancing properties: steroids, so there is precident.
My favorite WtA character was an Ahroun Bone Gnawer, so murder-hobo was my legit character concept.
One of my players in her first session of WtF ever was fighting an Azlu. The spider-monster was taunting the pack about its long life and how it has powers and skills beyond what you can do. "I have fangs and venom that can strip your flesh to the bone Uratha!" Then she said "I've got boots". I thought it was a great pre-ass-kicking one-liner.
Hi I'm Bill Maher I like to make fun of religious people because of how dumb and irrational religion is. Except I also don't accept the Big Bang theory, think vaccines are dangerous, and use my show to promote Big Pharma hysteria.
Dude I was four or five.
*Chaos Island: The Lost World: Jurassic Park*. Jeez that's a serious case of colon cancer. So what was this and why have I never heard of it? Well it's an RTS based off the second Jurassic Park game made by Dreamwork's short-lived attempt at making a game studio. So why did I play it so much? Was there an avid and interesting multiplayer community? No, it had no multiplayer or skirmish mode, just a 13 mission single player campaign which was hard as balls. I made it my New Year's resolution to beat the damn thing and I spent all of 1998 attempting to do so.
I don't talk to them. I live and let live. I know how much it bothers me when religious people who sincerely think my life will lead me to a pit of endless suffering try to confront me and save me with proselytizing, so I extend them the same courtesy. Even though I think that at best religion is a waste of your precious time here I don't engage religious people and try to save them. The only way to be an atheist and not be edgey is to be more polite and mature then them.
I'm ok with that. Part of the reason I like Vampire the Masquerade Bloodlines is that it's not as long as some other RPGs so I'm not worn out on the game when I want to do it again to so I can experience the other paths I didn't go down.
I don't remember. It wasn't those. I suspect that inXile is inventing some of their own. Also it's entirely possible that the decisions you make the route you take down the main quest could result in you having different foci than what I got.
Let's put it this way: when you look up at the sky with clear visibility and a powerful enough telescope, you can look at the other planets in the solar system and see that they are spheres. Contrary to flatard excuses, you CAN see these things for yourself and don't need to rely on NASA images. My dad's telescope is strong enough where you can see Saturn. The various moons of the solar system are also spheres, and even the Sun is just a massive sphere. You don't even need a particularly strong telescope to see the four largest moons of Jupiter, they were discovered by Galileo using nothing more than reflecting mirrors in a tube.   In flat Earth land would need a God to explain the massive discrepancy between the laws of physics needing to be radically different on Earth than every else in the universe to explain why out of every other massive enough celestial object, the Earth is the only one that isn't a sphere.
I tried AC3 again due to the Ubiclub freebie and I have to admit the epic and apocalyptic tone it sets during the prologue narration paints a stark contrast to Black Flags "hi you work at Google now" thing. It really highlights the absolute lack of direction the franchise has had ever since they killed Desmond.
I would be just as outraged as a am when Christian doctors refuse to treat patients because of their religion.  "I took a modified version called the Hypocritic Oath. It lets me ignore my medical ethics when I feel like it."
40 FPS? I would kill to have a computer that could play any game made after 2014 at a consistent 30 FPS. PC gamers are the most entitled gob-shits I've ever had the unfortunate experience of meeting.
I remember calling this. I know I said on this subreddit that Saudi Arabia is not a "Clinton ally" but an American ally and that Trump is going to continue the US policy of kiss the King's hairy butthole.
I play games and I enjoy discussion of it with my peers but I have long stayed the hell away from anyone who self-describes as gamer. I've found that people who build their identity around their hobbies tend towards immaturity because they don't have an real careers or responsibilities. Just think of it: would you still call yourself a gamer if you were a doctor or a scientist, hell no, you'd call yourself a doctor. So I'm not surprised that the online community of gamers is filled with reactionary screeching manchilds who react like it's a personal attack on their being when a major studio has a game with a woman protagonist and she dresses appropriately.
It was at a Mosque. So probably not
If he's not doing anything wrong then there's nothing you can do I believe. Restraining orders require to to prove to a court the person in question can harm you. Sadly I am male and therefore have stalker protection privledge, plus when I had girls I liked I did everything in my power to not be a creep, so I have little personal experience to help you with. The problem with 'beards is that they don't learn so no amount of communicating your feelings to him will help.
Good. It means my wife's birthday isn't going to share mental space with a game I basically built a new computer for. No joke, my current rig is built along Shadow of War's recommended system specifications.
I remember when the game first come out there was a glitch were orcs survived decapitations.
I don't know what you'd call me. My goal is to have all of my policy decisions informed by science, data, and statistics rather than some sort of ideological political/economic "theory". I don't read a book by some author and decide that's how the world should work. However as a result of this policy I find myself aligning more often with liberals than conservatives, go figure. However there is frankly no reason I can find to support organic and non-GMO food. Nothing about them being more "natural" (a non-defined term) makes them safer and in a trade off they take more land, labor, and resources. Too many liberals who lack a proper science education suffer from severe chemophobia. A food cannot be chemical free because if it's made from matter it's a chemical.
I have played all the titles up to Black Flag. So I'm not making this comparison from a position of ignorance but I will state my bias: Shadow of Mordor IS a better Assassin's Creed game than anything Ubisoft put together.  &gt;. I have never heard anyone saying this is a better Assassin simulator than AC, how does that even make sense?  Yahtzee said it in his review of Shadow of Mordor and I agree. Part of my issue with Assassin's Creed is that it's gotten too linear and narrative focus. There's little room for player agency in AC, the missions are highly linear scripted sequences where you follow instructions and do what the developers want you to do. This got to unacceptable levels in AC3 where most of the targets die in QTE sequences or in cutscenes. Fuck that game I hate it so much.  Meanwhile once you get out of the tutorial sequences Shadow of Mordor drops you in an open world and simply says "here are your targets now you figure out how to kill them". And your targets are different each time and unless you spend the time hunting down intel and figuring the best strategy to exploit their weaknesses you're basically going to get your ass kicked which only serves to make your target harder and cause the orcs hierarchy to reshuffle potentially fucking up other plans you may have set.  And your last paragraph is pathetic. The popularity of a game doesn't determine how good it is. I don't care if it's coming back after a one year break, they should stop making them. The series ended in 2012 when Desmond Miles, the main character died. Since then the franchise has struggled to find something to be about and all it's got is "let's fight over another magical McGuffin again".
Yeah and those are pretty rare. This is what I mean by privileged. I've never been stalked or harassed by a girl ever but my wife gets hit on or has guys asking to pick her up every time she goes for a run. The presence of workout clothes and a wedding ring does not deter them. And once she says no I'm running outside on purpose they don't stop.
I'm not a military person so I didn't know what you meant by Navy Nukes. No if you're in something that requires high level engineering like say, nuclear propulsion, yeah ASD is disproportionately over-represented.
Probably. And it's also most likely my own confirmation bias where stuff like what I mentioned stands out to me.
I too have seen The Lego Movie.
In California I'm sure it's required. I had friends in college who were all very into Airsoft and I asked about it.
I know a few weird bits of inspiration behind Lord of the Rings details.  The Ents attack on Isengard was inspired by little boy Tolkien's disappointment that McBeth's castle wasn't literally attacked by an army of trees.  Originally Pippin was going to die in the Battle of the Pelannor fields but C.S. Lewis convinced Tolkien not to.  Beren was basically Tolkien's author insertion hero character, making Luthien his wife. They are burried next to each other with Beren and Luthien on their graves. The day they danced under a tree together in a village outside of Oxford inspired the scene where Beren meets Luthien dancing under starlight in Doriath.  In the first edition of The Hobbit, Gollum puts the ring up as a wager. This was edited out in later editions as it didn't fit the idea of the One Ring being addictive. There is a scene in the Fellowship were Gandalf implies he believes that Bilbo lied about how he got the Ring. The Hobbit is supposed to be a translation of Bilbo's memoirs found by Tolkien. Not inspiration but it shows how well Tolkien worked at covering his ass when it came to retconning The Hobbit into the Middle-earth Legendarium.  Edit: it's Macbeth
No be we would be immediately best friends.
Not all religions are about the hope of life beyond death. There is no afterlife in mainstream and Orthodox Judaism. Instead most Jewish people practice their faith because it's an integral part of their history and cultural identity. Even atheist Jews like my friend find it difficult to just throw away all of the rituals and holidays they grew up with because they're ingrained into the idea of being Jewish. Given the renewed interest in historical or mesopaganism, the rise of Zoroastrianism among Kurds, and the opening of a Norse temple in Greenland, I predict that as the 21st century draws to a close religion will become more of a culture artifact kept around so people have a sense of history and identity and there will be a rising interest in pre-Christian faiths.
I honestly have no idea how people can let themselves go this far. I'm currently the heaviest I've been in my life (5'11" 200lbs) and I feel uncomfortable in my own body. I just squeezed into the overweight category and I can't stand it. I'm constantly aware of the tiny bit of belly fat resting against my jeans. It's awful. So I'm eating less, moving more, and completely ejected soda and other sugary drinks from my diet.
And then people look at me weird when I say that I buy everything with cash or debit because I don't like the idea of paying with future money I don't have that also has interest.
Because I don't like having another bill to pay to pay off other bills. Either I have the money or I don't have the money. Also all of my budgeting is done through my checking account so adding a credit card just makes my life more complicated.  My wife has a credit card and all of our accounts are shared. I never use it but her good credit goes to my credit score which is why mine is so high despite never using credit.
My wife and I have started playing Divinity: Orignal Sin.
Back when I lived in South Africa my Dad was project manager for Pegasus Construction and they were handed the contract to build the first mall with an escalator in Swaziland. The whole damn country showed up just to ride the escalator.
I needed to take 4-5 courses a semester to graduate from my four year degree in four years. That's a full-time course load. What kind of deranged professor thinks their class is so important that everyone attending should postpone their academic careers by half a year for them?
I'm white but my white wife and I are childless. Are we white genocide?
I have seen Spirit Science's "Our History is Not What You Think" video. You have no idea how right you are.
When you're a Scientologist you know that you're the only person who can make a difference. I drive up to an accident, I see a doctor, I ask him if he's a Scientologist, he says no, I punch him in the face.
Well I asked him and he said he was the best at cyber.
I'm terrified of Jews. Also, I've never met one.
I'm going to the Woman's March and I have yet to recieve my $oro$buck$. Is my check in the mail? What gives?
Muh pastor told me dem union's da devil's wurk.
My high school stoners said it was natural. So is rattlesnake venom but you don't want it in you.
