Thanks, i was pretty happy with the cost around $700, since a friend of mine lent me a spare copy of Windows 7 which I can update to Win10 whenever the need arises.  I also got an NXZT340 case (i think thats what its called) and it looks beautiful. For my first PC, the cable management alone is amazing since i can basically shove any unused cables in the space behind the motherboard
I haven't had that issue yet. The more intensive games I own DO go up to the 4 gigs according to MSI Afterburner, but I've yet to encounter problems based off of going above 3.5
Funny enough, I have this exact kit of RAM, though the specs may be different. 8 gigs, DDR4, 2600mhz  But how'd you change the color? Mine's blue
Funny enough, I had a dream that my shorted out PS2 started working again, so I plugged it in and it ACTUALLY worked. Spent the next month binging Kingdom Hearts and Battlefront 2
I remember hearing something about a "something" launched to the moon's orbit that COMPLETELY missed because some idiot used yards instead of Meters. I honestly don't know how someone could fuck up that bad.   If you're a scientist, you use metric, simple as that
I didn't say I was cheering on DX12. I have a 970, which I was promised had DX12 support, but since there's no async compute (god dammit Nvidia) I have little to no benefit
Love my S340. Used it in my first custom rig (the one I'm using now actually)  I absolutely love the thing
Only once have I seen a gaming employee who cares about PC gaming. I was buying a Steam card to get the Witcher 3, and the woman there was like "Have you considered the Fallout Nuke bundle?" (Mini nuke with all the Fallout games inside of it)  She was insanely enthusiastic about it, and said she got one herself because she loves Fallout. And considering the bundle had only PC versions of the games, I'm pretty sure she was PCMR
Got my 970 for $300 at Best Buy (normally $380). They price matched Microcenter, but the reason I didn't go there to begin with is because where I live down in the Sunshine state, there are no Microcenters for at least 20 miles out
Probably my biggest one, Counter Strike GO. It's the game that made me lose my "shaky hand" in FPS games (when I saw an enemy I'd have a mini panic attack and pray completely off target)
Strange. I've gotten 6 legendaries out of my 16 boxes ive opened   I guess RNG is a bitch
Same, but i have 3.8
Can confirm, while better, it still sucks. Where I am, I have 35 down 5 up, and have no data cap (AT&amp;T) and I just barely convinced my parents to not get Comcast (75down 10up) which had a cap  "But its faster" they said  "But its a trap" Ackbar said
I really wish I had waited a few months more before making my first custom build, but I couldn't help myself. For only $70 more overall I could have got Titan X performance instead of a 970
I remember a few months back when me and a few friends re-installed Halo PC on our gaming rigs. The sad part is, one of our friends PCs didn't have the popup for unsupported hardware...  FeelsBadMan
Well the "New" 3DS has 3D that doesnt really require you to be at the proper looking angle. That said, I haven't tried it myself
What did I do wrong? I said that looking at my phone screen looks better than my monitor, and for more reasons than just the PPI, though that is a big reason itself
Looking for a game to push the limits on my rig, this might be the one :)
Never done this before, but sounds incredibly interesting! Due to certain circumstances, I can't exactly buy games unless its once every few months, which means my Steam library is relatively small. In the span of say, a week, how much money could be made from this? I'd love to try buying smaller games like Shellshock Live and Golf with Friends with this  (Using a GTX 970)
I run a 6500 with my 970, and it works perfectly fine, I've yet to get a single CPU bottleneck in any game, even if I went on the lowest settings at the lowest possible res just so see if I could hit the bottleneck  Which is awesome, coming from a 1.8ghz quad core Phenom to an i3-3220 and now the 6500 :)
14? Nice, I got paid a solid amount for making a website for a small local business, it was definitely a good learning experience and the clients were extremely surprised with how well it turned out, since I'm only 15
Yeah I was talking about Osu!, but I'll probably set to max 240 to find a spot between gameplay and GPU workload
Right now I'm using a genetic 900p 60hz HP monitor with my rig, but for my next upgrade I want a 144hz GSYNC 1440p monitor, my eyes will melt from the gloriousness
Good example. I got GTAV there for Social Club because the Steam key was $10 more. Definitely worth it since at the time, on Steam itself the game was $60
Uninstall drivers and get the latest ones, might do the trick. Or if this started happening after a driver update, revert.  Somewhat relevant source: my friend was running DOOM 2016 at 2fps at the lowest settings, after uninstalling and replacing with the latest drivers, he hits 30 on medium settings with his craptop
Can confirm, my friend has one. Works like a charm, supports 4k, though it's very gaming oriented
Where'd you get the lights? I have the same case except black and blue and was hoping to get some lighting in there
I played it for around 2, but then I got quite bored of it, and I dislike 70% of the people I meet on servers because how theyre either: A. An asshole B. A kid who gets all "you shouldnt say that" because someone swore in the chat  Also, i feel like the game's gone downhill since 1.5
Not entirely true.   But yeah, at the time I bought Skyrim, it was $7 for the base game, and around $20 for legendary, and I figured I didnt need the DLC  Now I'm fucked. I dont really care about the new vanilla visuals, I just want 64bit and DX11  EDIT: when you get downvoted for no reason. Am I a peasant for not owning the DLC or something lol
Yeah that's what I'm gonna do most likely, if another game doesn't tempt me too much lol. I have a pretty big limit on when I can spend money/what I can buy due to parents being parents. I have a pretty large interest in the new DOOM after playing the demo that was recently released. Gorgeous game, great performance on my 970, and I really want to play the rest of the campaign. Chances are, if that goes on sale I probably wont pick up the DLCs
Its only been playable recently with the .60 patch. That said, i still go below 60fps under max settings half the time
I used MS support to get a new key for my copy of Win10 that deactivated on it's own after I did a complete overhaul of my PC. Now I have the "activate windows" that makes me look like an pirate lol.  They never gave me the key :( the guy insisted that it was a small issue that could be fixed, I even gave him remote access, he found my original key, but it didn't do shit. "Contact me later if you continue to have issues"  DUDE, YOU DIDNT FIX THE ISSUE
I've found a set of graphics options to help me hover around 45-55fps at 900p (max res scale) on my 970 (still looks good, but nothing like all epic), so I don't have it ALL bad. That said, I can't wait 'till it's optimized. I think it's a really cool system how they have "official mods" where mod creators can get their stuff in the vanilla game. And it means more content for the consumer!
Can confirm, my first Nvidia product (970) is from EVGA, don't regret it
When you realize you paid $350 for a 970 6 months ago... I cri
You give a good point. Before I had a Radeon HD 7850, so it was a nice jump
That's just stupid. In my scenario, I completely agree that Android is the better option for more tech-savvy people (while iPhones are good for people who want their stuff to "just work"), though I use an iPhone  I mainly use it only because I can jailbreak it, which not only gives me more accessibility features, but also lets me customize more than a traditional "vanilla" iPhone would allow. It can also be a solid conversation starter :)
I have never had a single issue on any stock iPod/iPhone that I've used (2 iPhones, 2 iPod Touches, 1 family iPad)  Now when I jailbreak and add a bunch of tweaks on the older devices like my iPod Touch 4th gen, it'll slow it down and drain battery more, but on my iPhone 5C it was fast enough to bypass those issues.  So yeah, I'm sure it was specific to your phone, which can really change your outlook on Apple devices
I've only encountered a single cheater in counter strike, and it was a deathwatch server, never encountered in comp
Can confirm, cleared 140 gigs when I deleted Gmod
Same here. My logic was "might as well buy all the DLC for &lt;$15 so I could get the remaster but fuck this
I don't know man, when I was his age I was playing Doom on computers that had floppy disc slots...  Oh wait, I'm 16
If you mean it sucks, then yeah, you're right  Last time I tried SotC (a few months ago) the game ran at awful frame rates and had tons of slowdowns and audio stuttering which made the experience unbearable
I did the same, though I had performance issues since I was on my old PC (i3-3220, HD 7850 1gb) and now that I'm on my new rig, I cant for the life of me find where to get the ISO for the game :(
If I were to guess, it's a CPU bottleneck. Max settings at 1080p I run Squad at 53~ fps   GTX 970, I5-6500, 8gigs o' DDR4
I don't have the ISO anymore (old PC) but I'll see if I can set it up for you. It revolved around the mouse being aiming, your standard mouse point and click, WASD to move, shift was ball mode, space jump, and holding Q would bring up the sub menu for visors, among other things. It also compensated for the many motion prompts, where the number pad keys would turn the remote, and another button would push in. It worked pretty damn while, I'll PM you with the setup when I get around to it
I would do that, but I let a friend borrow the game years ago and he never returned it :l also I have no disc drive
I personally hate people who don't use voice in matchmaking. I can understand certain scenarios, but you've gotta be fuckin kidding me when 3 people on your team don't talk but one other guy is a killjoy saying "why the FUCK did you guys not follow me" when we agreed on cat and he went tuns
I'm with you there dude. Money is tight, and I REALLY don't want to get a new game only every few months, so G2A makes it more manageable. Like, I know all the shit stuff they do but I can't help it :(
I've been interested in both, but after playing the DOOM demo I'm hooked
