Hope you're feeling better.
I can't get that site to work.  There's another at absurdlyobfuscated.com that I've used before but I can't get it to work, either.  I don't want to use it for fatpeoplehate.  I do hate that sub but I generally stay away from drama.  Want to use the autotagger for non-dramatic purposes.
I'm far from fat.  I hope you die in a fire.
I use a bunch of RSS feeds to keep up with the news and stuff.  Reddit never has been good for that, really.  Pick out a variety of news sources, stick them in a feed reader, and it will do a better job at aggregating news than reddit does.  But for discussion, I don't know of anything else for general topics.  Over time I have slowly confined myself to the baseball-related subreddits.  They're free of this poison, thankfully.  I also follow a couple of smaller technology subs.  But while here I can't resist pressing "All" now and then.  Curiousity, plus I know there will be one or two interesting things to read along side a bunch of stuff that doesn't interest me at all.  And that's when I run into the darkness.  Sadly you never have to go very far to find that.  Anyway, as of right now I don't think there is an alternative.  There will be someday...right now reddit is sick and it's going to die.  Something will take its place and hopefully it will be better.
I don't have to try, but thank you for your kind but off-topic suggestion.  I have one for you: do the world a favor and set yourself on fire.
Wow, I didn't know people actually read anything over here.  I know what you mean about community, and while it was strange to me for the longest time, the internet has become a place to form *real* communities.  And there are a lot of good ones on reddit, too.  There's a lot of everything here, good and bad.  As of right now there's not really an alternative to reddit.  If there were I would have left maybe a year ago.  But as time goes on and so little changes, I feel that any contribution I make to this site makes me complicit.  So I don't want to add anything anymore.  Or at least I don't want to add much while I wait for the next thing to come along.  /r/TexasRangers is a good community.  Occasionally it will go a little sideways with the voting, and you have these lapses where nobody posts content and things get a little dead.  But the people are generally good.  I saw that today was kind of a rough day for it, but it's been worse before.  Believe me.  Reddit as a whole was never really a healthy place, in my opinion.  There has always been a dark undercurrent here.  It has gotten worse, but it has always had some truly vile people.  For as long as I can remember anyway.  The demographic has always trended toward the young male, and let's face it, they can be angry people who are easily suckered into things.  Anyway the administration has really dropped the ball the last few years as reddit has grown.  It now has a userbase that equals the population of some nations...they can't allow hate groups to make a home here.  It's not feasible.  It's not right.    As for me, I'm cutting back a bit on my time at the computer.  I've got this bum leg and yet another surgery coming up.  Before I go through all that shit again with the recovery and rehab, I'm trying  to enjoy some other stuff.  When I'm stuck in the house again I intend to create a Rangers blog.    Many of my friends have dispersed, too.  Some are dead.  Most of my family is dead.  So, yeah, I do have a need for community and I'm not sure my upcoming blog will satisfy it (especially at first).  I don't know what I will do.  I just know I'm fed up with this place.  Thanks for reading and responding.
Definitely.  I don't know what's going on with his defense.  At his age it's not surprising to see some decline, but usually errors settle down while range decreases.  If you really dig through the numbers there's some evidence that Elvis can still range, and other evidence that says he can't.  My eye says he's moving better laterally than last season but he's clearly not playing a good shortstop with or without the errors.  It's a little baffling but I know he has more talent than this.  I'm banking on him turning it around.  Elvis is maligned for 2013, but if you look more closely at that season you'll see that he was excellent in the second half.  It hasn't been that long since he played at an elite level.
Who is Kip?  Not a moderator anymore but I'm the one you can blame for most of the rules and for setting up the automod here.  So, everyone, direct your pitchforks toward me instead of the current mods.  To be brutally honest, way back when this subreddit had a bad shitposting problem.  Baseball news was lost to memes and people asking questions about how to go to a baseball game (is anybody that stupid?) and photos of their own baseball caps/jerseys/shersies/etc.  A lot of people love that kind of shit, and a lot of people don't.  The people who don't won out.  But we created /r/TxRangersExperience.  That went unused because people seemed to think it was a throwaway sub.  It never was intended to be.  It was supposed to be a place to post about the *ballpark experience*.  Not a lesser place...just a different place.   But frankly since people are narcissists and wanted immediate views and upvotes, the subreddit never got off the ground.  If it would have, I think everyone would have been happy.  It's not like we're flooded with content here, no.  I don't know what's going on lately.  A post about Jorge Alfaro - the Rangers 3rd best prospect - possibly missing the rest of the season never made it into the top 10 here.  Lots of roster moves haven't been posted at all.  Used to be, you could come here and be aware of 95% of what happened with the Rangers and the minor league affiliates.  But for whatever reason now we have people wanted to bicker about the lineup order instead of wanting to know what's going on.  They won't post news and they won't vote on important news.  Every now and then we get a post like this and it gets a bunch of people bent out of shape.  They start getting on the moderators.  Others will take up for them.  It will probably lead to a bunch of nonsense.  All the while this format would work just fine if people posted and voted on news here, and posted the fun stuff to /r/TxRangersExperience.
The ~~Other~~ userbase wasn't segregated. The content was. At the time it was a move to try and keep everyone happy, but some people don't want to be happy and thus far it hasn't worked. The second sub was a good idea. I still believe that. Somebody wants to plan a meetup?  Their posts can be stickies over there without interfering with the game threads or big news.   Flair might be something for the mods to consider but how will those without a fancy enough reddit setup to even follow two subreddits take advantage of link flair?  If you want the mods to flair everything, well they have jobs and school and friends and families. I was the one who had the time to do that, and I have chosen not to spend my time in that way.
&gt; It also leads to complaints about perceived bias when someone's post is not approved.  People can get really mad, and they think you're hitler or that you just like to remove posts because INTERNET IS SERIOUS BUSINESS.  But I have removed a lot of posts the last couple years and I can tell you that I never enjoyed it.  Not ever.    I don't think you can have a middle ground because of the type of people who are on reddit.  Look at r/ALL.  It's an image board.  That's what will get upvoted.  Baseball fans will go somewhere else.  Your post was very constructive.  It highlights the difficulties a moderator team has.  Believe me, they don't want an unhappy community.  They are doing the best they can to strike a balance.  Another thing people should consider is that in this subreddit, comments are almost totally unmoderated.  Unless you're spewing racist shit or attacking another user, nothing will ever get removed.  Ever.  So people can post their merch or their selfies in the game threads or post game threads or really in any thread.
I honestly use the regular browser on my mobile most of the time, but now and then I will use AlienBlue and amrc for iOS.  The sidebar in many subreddits is pretty important.  That's where the rules are.  Often that's where news is.  Here, there are handy links as well as the standings and schedule.
Agreeing with you, sarcastically.  There was a guy who commented that he didn't have a super fancy reddit setup and couldn't visit two subreddits.  This is a different username but I am Colonel Rhombus...I made the multireddit you're talking about.
More or less.  I don't want to delete it for various reasons.  I've used it recently because I've forgotten which account I was logged onto.  Even though it's been a few weeks I have RES set up better for that account than this one so I still log into it pretty often.
My grandmother was in one a couple years ago.  It was the nicest one we could find that was anywhere near my mother.  There were no ethernet ports in the rooms, and while there was wifi in the lobby the signal was weak.  It certainly didn't make it to the patient rooms.  In the room there was only a small shelf for a television.  We bought the smallest we could find, no bigger than a computer monitor.  It had cable TV but it wasn't even basic cable.  It just had a few broadcast stations, a couple of home shopping networks, and a few religious stations.  My grandmother loved baseball and back in those days they did broadcast Friday night games over the air, but that station was not available in the nursing home.  4G internet was also bad over there.
Don't know what's common.  Like plattler said, they did have a computer in the common area.  Just one.  These people for the most part were old and in pretty bad shape.    I did think it was cruel that they didn't even have a television.  They had one, but it could only be tiny.  No channels.  Plus it was across the room, probably 15 feet away from the head of her bed.  That didn't affect my grandmother much...she had Alzheimer's pretty bad by the time she got there.  But not everybody was that bad and all the rooms were the same.
You had asked me to work on it.  That's fine.  I have a lot of weird things going on right now anyway.
I got it on my laptop with Firefox, too.  NP links don't always work correctly and they're annoying.  In the future I think it's okay to post a regular link with a reminder not to vote in the thread.  For the extremely lazy:  https://www.reddit.com/r/reactiongifs/comments/3zkuxz/mrw_when_my_4_year_old_hurts_her_hand_and_yells/
The bat flip didn't anger me.  I was too numb for any single moment to affect me like that, but the whole game five and what happened immediately after it?  Canadians invaded our quiet, peaceful subreddit and I want President Sanders to retaliate by invading you right back and taking your healthcare.  Mad.
$32,000 for an education at a university I've never heard of, and tuition is only part of the cost of going to school.  What is the real annual cost to go to average public university in Texas now?  $16,000 at the very least, I'd think.  And what is the interest rate on a student loan?    I'm old for a redditor and when I get old in real life I don't want to be surrounded by a bunch of young people who never went to school or are in debt from having went.
How are you arriving at that figure?  Tuition and fees are clearly more than that, plus a student has to have somewhere to live and there are other significant costs directly related to college such as books.  Even if it were $9,000 a year, that's outrageous considering it's a public university.  I don't see how anyone could call that "not that expensive".    Without a scholarship I paid more than that per semester for tuition alone at UNT back in the late 1990s.  If you're going to talk about this, talk about it honestly.
I have a pretty good idea how you can get those tabs back, but if you're going to act like that I'm not going to help you.
My home office/studio/whatever has a light that changes colors and strobes and stuff like in that video.  WiFi enabled light bulbs controlled with a phone.  What a world, right?  I didn't know they could do that with the super bright ones.
In the 1980s calligraphy was a huge fad.   Hallmark shops and other stores carried extensive sets of pens, inks, and stationery.  Everybody's mom was doing it...stay at home moms, working moms, whatever.  It was quite an obsession with some of them.
I don't know.  If the free agent is a significant addition to another team in the division or if the Rangers had interest, I think it's okay.  I mean it's the off season...there's not a whole lot of baseball talk to be had.    I personally would like it if people weren't asking if we should panic in January, however.
I actually don't visit /r/baseball very much.  While I'm probably in the minority I'm probably not the only one.  Either way, the post is baseball related and it does affect the Rangers.  Fister will presumably start several games against them for a team who will be looking to challenge for the AL West title.  I can't say I'm a big fan of the post, but I feel like removing it would be a step too far.  However if others agree with you they should speak up.  We'll be happy to have the conversation.  Other mods? Users?  Opinions?
You're definitely in the minority, I think.  It bothers me.  I grew up here.  My wife won't go unless the weather's perfect.  My friends aren't interested in sports but when I was in high school I had trouble finding people to go with me during the summer.  Many of my friends from back then played ball but didn't want to go sit in the heat even for a night game and this was when the Temple was brand new.
Traded Urbina for Gonzalez.  Traded Gonzalez and Chris Young for Otsuka and Eaton.  I believe Gagne was a free agent coming back for injury and he was flipped for David Murphy, etc.    Edit: And Adam Eaton the pitcher.  Long since retired.
I was beginning to fear Darvish would never strike anyone out.
I met him once.  He did seem very clean.
I just said hello to him and that I liked his work.  He said thanks and that it meant a lot to him.  That was about it.
Well this is the team hall of fame.  It's more about his leadership and longevity than it is about his numbers.  Fans loved him, his managers loved him, his teammates loved him.  Hell his opponents loved him.  I agree with you that he was an overrated player statistically but as a Rangers fan I'm glad they're retiring his number.
I really like it.  I don't know how to do the regex catch a tab thing, though.  I put in these two expressions:      (reddit\.com/r/TexasRangers)     (baseball-reference\fangraphs)\.com  I open up a new page at fangraphs.com, and it doesn't do anything different.  I restarted, thinking it might move the tab to the group with the rules but it didn't do it then either.  I obviously don't know what I'm doing.  Did I do the regex wrong or do I not understand how the feature works?
Thank you for posting this here and I'd be grateful if others would.  Any time something is poster here it makes it easier to ask others to post here.  And damn I gotta copy the CSS over.  This was good back in the day but looks so dated now.
If you're talking about PEDs I think the penalties are pretty severe these days.  It can cost a player many millions of dollars.  And I'm not sure the message of "no second chances" is good for children either.  If I had no second chances with drugs of abuse I'd have been dead a very long time ago.
I do it because if I don't look at them I'll get them home only to find half of them are broken.
When I was a kid people thought drugged up satanists were doing rituals in the woods just outside of every suburb in America, and they were obviously going to kill and rape everyone.  When I was in college there was a summer when bad ecstasy was common.  I don't think anybody died but several people were hospitalized.    I can't really remember any drug hysteria apart from the normal DARE bullshit they'd try to teach us in school.  I've used a lot of acid and smoked a lot of pot.  According to DARE I should have been dead before I made it out of high school.
When I occasionally use that account to tweet something does it confuse the hell of out you?
Well I don't use it very often at all.  Someday thought I might get in an argument with AJM or something, you never know.  You might argue too with a different point of view and that would really confuse him.  I look forward to that day.  Seriously thanks for doing the subreddit's twitter.  Hope you're having fun with it.
Several years ago I tried that but reddit wouldn't let me, so I made /r/JoshHamilton instead.
They're old.  It's only recently they began taking time off.  But when you're like 70 years old you might not enjoy flying around the country for six months every year either.  Busby and Grieve both have had fulfilling and productive lives, I imagine.  At some point it's fine to slow down.  I do agree with you about Sandler, though.  I've really enjoyed the few times he was in the TV booth.
I did that a couple months ago.  What did you put together?
I don't really listen to sports talk anyway.  Except for in the car I don't own a radio and when the game is over the TV goes off.  There are some good podcasts out there but I can't seem to get into the habit of listening to them regularly.  One time Evan Grant was doing a video podcast from restaurants, I think with Emily Jones?  I can't remember who was with him. I think I'd watch that but he doesn't do it anymore.  That's something to ask him about in his AMA.  That's coming up later this month.
I struggle to keep my idle temps at 30c without an overclock or anything.  I had to turn my AC up to get it there.  I think the case gets good airflow but the house in general and this room in particular is too warm.  It's a pre-depression house.  Lots of work has been done to it but it's not like a suburban house that was designed with air conditioning in mind with the perfect ducting and insulation and all that.  Strangely I tried turning up the fans in the UEFI one time and it only made things warmer.  Weird.  And then when I tried to change them back the CPU fan went back to normal but the chassis fans always spin at 2400 RPM no matter what I do.  They're not very loud at all though.
I don't play any online multiplayer games except for Asphalt 8 which is just a time waster.  I don't think you can choose who you play in that, though.  Cities:Skylines doesn't have any kind of multiplayer thing going on.    I suck ass at most games.
I've never really played games that much.  I got GTA IV and played that for like seven years, for example.  A really long time ago I tried playing America's Army and people started yelling at me because I sucked, so I thought it was stupid and quit the online part.
We have talked about issues that I suppose are related to the negativity but are really larger than that, I guess you could say?  I can't go too much into what was said in modmail.  That's all said in confidence, or at least that's how I feel about it.  It really is difficult, you know.  You do your best for more than three years to maybe nudge and shape a forum into a good place to talk about baseball.  And for a good long while it worked, more or less.      But what can you do?
I think we have a very young subreddit right now, maybe.  When you're in high school and stuff you can't follow a baseball team every night, right?   You have school, sometimes a job, social life.  There's no time for it or at least there wasn't for me.  Not every night.    But then you get a little older.  You're on your own schedule and you suddenly can watch 100 or more games a season.  It's your first time experiencing the game's highs and lows every single night.  It's not like any other sport.  Like the announcers and everyone else in the game says, you can't get too high or too low after a loss.  You'll burn out because there is always another game tomorrow.  It's the same for fans.  You have to learn how to not take every loss so hard.  It doesn't come naturally to most people, I guess, so instead it comes with time and to some extent, age.
As I understand it, this one will allow you to control all the fans.  I definitely turned them up.  No idea why they won't go back down but it's not a problem...they're pretty quiet still.    It's an ASUS Z170-AR
I'm glad to hear that was just an example and that it didn't really happen here.  I agree that it probably will at some point.  This thread is dying down so I can probably say this now:  I have very clear ideas on how to improve the subreddit overall.  They're big picture things...I don't think you can solve these issues with tweaking.  Even though my ideas aren't even much of a departure from some of the things we've done in the past, I failed to get the other moderators to see it my way.  As a result I don't really know what to do anymore, and for the time being I've relegated myself to being more of a "janitor" type of moderator who only removes comments and posts that clearly break rules.  In short I'm just not the guy to talk to anymore about these things.  This wasn't a rage quit.   There was no big fight.  We all still like and respect each other but we don't agree, or at least they don't agree with me and we all need to be on the same page for big changes to happen.  So since we're not and I'm the "loser" in the debate, the best thing to do is step back a little for now.   But I can give you my personal opinion:    I feel like you have a good idea about a separate game thread.  But there's a pretty big drawback.  Let's say this other thread in TxRangersExperience becomes popular.  All the level headed types go to post over there.  What happens then to the main subreddit's game thread?  The one that very often gets well over 1000 comments?  If the level headed people leave it becomes bedlam.  Since I'm still technically a moderator here I can't give official support to an idea which might make a big feature of the main subreddit worse, even if that's clearly not the intention.  But...anybody's free to post whatever they want in the other subreddit.  I'll just say that.  Really, though, it should be the other way around.  The "good" game thread should be here with the circlejerks over there.  Anyway.  Yep.
The stock fan that came with my processor is surprisingly quiet.  I don't know how long it will remain that way.  When it gets louder I'll probably buy an aftermarket fan.  I said my fans were four wire fans.  Honestly now that I think about it I don't remember but I did get them to speed up through the UEFI.  The chassis fans were running at 1700-1800 RPM.  Temps were good.  I was seeing if I could make them better and turned all the fans up.  The chassis fans wouldn't turn back down.  It was a silent computer, pretty much.  Now I can here it, but it's still pretty quiet.  Temps are about the same...no real improvement.  So I'd like to turn them back down but I can't seem to.  No big deal.    I think I could read that you can over clock a non-k 6700 a little.  When it's time to get another cooler I might try it.
