Borrow here. And I do have that much capacity of unused credit.    My husband would sell elk antlers or the skull  (and horns of course) of a bighorn sheep.
None of my inlaws know we're married.
&gt; boy   I prefer men
My husband and I got married for US.  None of our family members  know.
It'd been a while,  but in don't recall phone booths having the ability to record calls.
That's okay.  I recorded it too as per your permission in the intro.
The call center copy of the recording is for their use. My copy is for my use.  I've been on hold a while and heard more than once that the call may be recorded. When the call center agent finally comes on the line,  I'm not going to repeat their permission to them;  I'm going to get right down to business regarding whatever it is that I'm calling about.
You learned that from my dog,  didn't you?
It's depressing to be homeless.  Drugs and alcohol distract one from the reality of homelessness.
These stories confirm we made the right choice :    The only people at our wedding were my husband and I, a minister (with mail-order credentials) and the minister's mom (as witness)  There was also a soccer team at practice  150-ish yards away, as we had our minimalist ceremony in a municipal park.
As a Wyomingite who wasn't seen a temperature above 30°F ( -1°Canadian ) in over a week, I think you exaggerate.
I don't think you appreciate the advantages you have by being born to a dedicated teacher. Many kids' parents don't care about education at all.
I hadn't thought of that. I'll go ask my amputee friend if he has feet now.
I saw that on facebook too
I'm not in the chain of command,  but here's my plan:   Cut off all utilities to the site.  Barricade the site so that no supplies can go in.   Wait for them to run out of toilet paper, at which point they will surrender.
I'm not in Canada,  but I have 2 elk shoulders (not wrapped at all) hanging right outside my back door going on 3 weeks.  The first 2 weeks were below freezing the whole time. The last 3 days barely got above freezing for an hour in the afternoon.  Last week when we brought in a hind quarter to debone and butcher into steaks, roasts,  and ground meat, it had to thaw in the house for over 24 hours before we could even cut into it.   In many parts of the world,  our ancestors left meat hanging outside for months at a time in the winter, and somehow our human species survived.
I'm way beyond country of origin.  I know exactly where the elk in my freezer was last standing and grazing.
Outside of this acute stage with the Toxoplasmosis  (and the emotional turmoil of the recent diagnosis) it's easier to care for a HIV+ partner than a diabetic
I didn't lose a dime in it
If he did only the same things with them,  and they had insufficient viral load to be infectious when he met them, you probably didn't catch it. But that a lot of "if"s so get yourself tested several times during the next 6 months.    Surely you share some responsibility for your contribution to this risk of exposure.
Are you available to babysit?
Wyoming.    Not India.
If that's where you're going to work, yeah. While you're in Riverton for a day to visit as per top post,  drive to Lander and back to help you decide whether you want to drive it 5 days a week in all kinds of weather.   If you're coming from Evanston,  you'll probably  pass through Lander first anyway. So go straight at the light and go to the west end of Lander instead of turning right and going directly to Riverton. Maybe check out the Lander Pioneer Museum while at the west end.
It sounds like you've already invested some time in learning  Quickbooks.  Without knowing more about your business, I'm going to guess Quickbooks will be an adequate tool.  There are also books on Quickbooks,  such as one from the "For Dummies" series. I found it quite helpful when I was getting started.  I have Quickbooks for Windows desktop. It allows me to create as many company files as I want. I use these  practice companies to play with and do exercises from the For Dummies book without messing up my real books. I don't know if the online edition of Quickbooks also has sample/practice companies.   Another thing that helped me starting out was to look up Quickbooks Trainers.  I found one affiliated with the University and she was able to give me one-on-one assistance for free!   Finally, if you use a CPA for your taxes,  he or she will probably give you some small amount of free advice because they want your books to be easy to work with come tax time. I foolishly attempted my own taxes my first several years in business. When I finally admitted I needed a CPA,  he helped me set up me Chart of Accounts.  Your Chart of Accounts is very important to setup correctly.    Finally,  timely data entry is very important. Don't let a big pile of stuff stack up!  I don't know anything about your business,  but I only spend an hour or 2 a week on bookkeeping and maybe double that around the end of each month.
I got some business cards made for free by signing up for email spam.  I don't have one in front of me right now or I'd type the url of the printing company  (it's in  small print on the back). I'm sure you can find it on Google
I got one that does have a deductible.  Specifically,  a deductible that qualifies me for a Health Saving Account. I save a lot on my  taxes by fully funding my HSA with pre-tax dollars, and then using that account to pay deductibles and copays as they occur.   I was unaware that there are any zero deductible plans on the ObamaCare Exchanges
I'm not in commercial  signage, but I've owned my business for over 11 years and expect to pass it on to my somewhat younger spouse when i die. I bought it when the previous owners wanted to retire and none of their adult children wanted to take over. They had it for over 20 years.   There are a plethora of small family owned business owned by multiple generations of the same family, therefore it is very much *feasible*.
My cash based business needs to deposit cash, most of that  as coins.
Banks are owned by investors. Investors want profits.  Profits are squeezed out of customers in order to benefit the investors.   Credit Unions are owned by members. I'm not merely a customer of my credit union, I'm also part owner.  Credit Unions don't face the difficult choices that banks have to make when any particular choice might benefits investors at the expense of customers, because for the credit union there is no separate group "investors" versus "customers"; for the credit union there are only "members"
Around here, taxpayers support nearly  everything at the fire department except the salaries of the volunteer firemen. The fire protection district is a line item on my property taxes, as is the case with nearly all volunteer fire departments
As a libertarian you should want government to stay out of mental health.    Also, you can choose to not take SSI. Nobody forced you to apply and cash the checks. Now put on your Asperger boots and pull yourself up!
You don't have to post a selfie. I think I might have only 1 or 2 photos of myself on IG. Many people have zero photos of themselves
That's why I got downvoted - for mentioning the ballot box
I'm not trying to do away with private ownership of firearms.  Where did you get that Paranoid delusion?
I learned about this a long time ago.   Didn't know it had a name
My Shoshone inlaws think this was funny.    I think this will help me convince them to play sometime
A grocery store armed robber was once caught and convicted thanks to me turning off the automatic door opener during a robbery.   I thought I was really cool until 3 days later when I heard on the radio that a different armed robber had just gotten out of prison after a long sentence for blowing a clerk's head off during a robbery
I rented a van to drive my mother and older brother to our stepfather's funeral along with our half brother. I can't say I particularly cared much for him most of my life but we had a nice chat a month before he died, and I got a different perspective on him between that chat and his death.  While I don't agree with his methods, I now appreciate that he probably promised my father (his best friend when I was 6 years old) that he would look after his best friend's family if anything ever happened, which unexpectedly did.  The drive with my family  was totally worth it.
I once painted a wall that eventually had paintings hung on it
One of his colleagues says he charged at officers.   In his own YouTube channel he said he'd rather die than go to prison.
I don't think you're going to get the data you want by scanning the Barcode on your walmart receipts.  Maybe if you OCR scan the entire receipt,  then use spaces as the column separators  ....  I use an app on my phone to store my shopping list. There are many apps that do this. The paid version of the one I use has some sort of desktop synchronization feature, but I've never used that part of it. What I'm saying is maybe you want to capture the data you're looking for (how many juice boxes, etc) at a different point in your supply cycle.
Ask your CPA to be sure, but for tax purposes I don't think you need to care  whether a deductible business expense was "toys" versus "snacks" versus "baby wipes" . You just need to keep the receipts for 7 years in case you get audited. For your own business management purposes you might want to distinguish those things but I don't think your IRS forms have separate line items.    Have you considered / can you afford small business bookkeeping/accounting  software such as Quickbooks or Peachtree etc?  I know that's not open source , etc. But it might suit your needs better.   I'm not a daycare,  but I am a sole-proprietor small business. I use Quickbooks for my accounting but also have several spreadsheets for tracking some business activities that don't fit easily into Quickbooks
Can confirm.  My husband and I made a quilt from old denim jeans and we're both gay.
&gt; they   I was told this by  members of the flight crew. Who will probably die in the crash if I do. And probably won't be involved in the forensics in the unlikely event they survive the crash.
&gt; Did the bus keep going? Or did the driver pull over and apologize?  Kept going.  Wasn't his fault and there was nothing he or she could have done. I watched it happen.   &gt; Are you gonna bury the dog in your yard?  No. But if I don't preserve his coat I'll probably take him to the mountains.   &gt; Got any cool, funny, weird, sad, crazy, and/or scary stories to tell? Ghost story would be amazing if you have one  Sad? My dog just died. Maybe he will give us a ghost story overnight.   &gt; What is your purpose in life?   Without my dog?  None.   Kidding. It's great to be of service in various ways.  &gt; What keeps you going each day?  Without my dog? Nothing.   Kidding. Debt. Gotta work.
His skin is all in one piece, but split open at the abdomen under the pressure of the bus. Some of his entrails were severed. Other than that still in one piece.  I'll skin him later today just as I skinned a deer whose hide is now buckskin.
Everyone who knew this dog is going to miss him. Especially me. Instead of preserving his coat to hang on my wall and see every day,  what would you prefer I do? Lock myself in a dimly lit room with a gallon of ice cream and cry?  Obviously those aren't the only 2 possibilities, but given those two for example,  which one honors his memory better 5 years from now?
He got ran over by a bus yesterday
Paranormal?    These might be:   When I was a kid, our family would sometimes go have pancakes with dozens of people at the home of a retired teacher was was my mom's teacher when she was a kid. One night I had a dream where this retired teacher was giving me important life advice.  I found out that afternoon that she had died more or less the same time as she was in my dream.   Then it happened again when I was in my early 20s. I dreamed that my grandfather was giving me advice, and found out later that he died that night.   That grandfather  had divorced my grandmother when my dad was a child.  She died when I was in my late 30s. Unlike the others,  I knew she was in hospital for several days at the time of her death. But I didn't dream while she was passing.  I could not get to sleep and was awake all  night and *knew* it was happening.  Next morning when I got the phone call, I said that I already know.
I'm not going to lecture you for having only 9 dollars in your account.  I'm going to lecture you for  failing to keep track of your balance and transactions.  If you did that,  you would have already known that the tea had not posted yet and that you should not spend the same money twice.
