meh.  I'll take my lumps I don't mind.  Look, Cena doing this after the cameras going off is cool.  But his little in ring/on camera routine rubbed me the wrong way.  I have a niece that has been battling cancer for the last year so I get the severity of the issue.  I also get why it is good for the kid.  But that is also why it is craven to do it on camera.  It is emotionally manipulative and cheap.  I consider the downvotes evidence of exactly how easy it is to exploit the good hearts people have.  I don't have a problem with them downvoting me because they do it for the kid, which I totally understand.
I was at that game.  My first thought on the opening touchdown was "too fast".  It was a hot day and they kept our defense on the field longer and I think it contributed.  At the very least, it should have been a competitive game, but by the second half it was a complete lay down.
Write a will, get an executor who understands your wishes.  Lawyers don't have the authority to sue unless somebody authorizes them to do it on their behalf. I am an attorney and if I am representing an estate, it actually involves a significant amount of additional time and expense to be able to bring the case and prove up to the court that I have the authority to act on behalf of the decedent.
That one weird trick?  Claiming national titles for everything.  Not that I would know.  My school doesn't even claim anything outside of the NCAA era. So our dubious football title is thankfully ignored.
Also, she is totally threatening me with that baseball bat.  I am a victim of her at large threat of physical violence to people who disagree with her.
My wife is from Chula Vista too. We should a pool stool party!
30/30 in 2 minuets 51 seconds.  Got thrown off by the Bushwackers, kept trying Bushwacker Luke and Bushwacker Butch but getting rejected.  Thought I was spelling it wrong.
Oh I know.  But the few times that I've gone, it felt so damn uncomfortable.  I just needed a restaurant that aired a specific network, I don't need a 20 year old girl pretending to be interested in me.
I practice in California and Texas.  I have called the California bar hotline at least 4 times.  They have always been prompt and helpful.  Worse case scenario, they can shrug their shoulders and say "I got nothing" in a completely safe environment.  Going in front of the court, if it is permitted at all, can create issues.  Not the least of which is pissing off a judge because somebody misread the situation and wasted judicial resources (something sadly lacking in a state that can't get a case to trial inside 2 years for even the simplest matters).
Here is an advice duck. Don't pretend to speak from authority if you are just relying on a fucking reddit comment when lives are on the line.  You fucking fuck.  Having been actually involved in train derailments from my job as a lawyer, your advice is shit and will put people at risk because, gosh, "I read it on reddit".
I would like an invite as well. Thank you in advance.
Meat masters has good cuts if meet and the family is very helpful. But it isn't some artisan shop in the photos.  Not that I mind, I've had nothing but good experiences with them.
5 sounds long.  I put him in there in 3.
Good list.  I don't even need to watch the full Connor video to turn into a blubbering mess.  The small clip was enough.  Having kids really changes you like that.
Kinect.  I know it is maligned as a gaming device, but if you run your entertainment system through your XB1 it really is a wonderful piece of gear.
Well I have my main, a tailor mining alt, an herbalist alchemy alt, my pvp rogue, the one where I pretend to be a girl irl and cyber for gold, my mailbox dancing nightelf and a bank alt. So six atm.
my win rate with rag isn't terrible. I don't know why people would concede.  I've seen enough people make mistakes on nef to know he is a single mistake from a outcome changing loss.
Now I feel foolish for getting my sex Ed from Bailey Jay.
I really enjoy Smite over all three other games you just mentioned.  The games are fun.  The format is refreshingly different.  Unlockable characters are reasonably priced.  People are less toxic than in LoL.    It's currently the third most popular MOBA (though it will probably be displaced by HotS thanks to Blizzard's marketshare) so I don't think I"m alone in enjoying it.
How many games have you personally played?  I've played 4 titles.  They all ran fine.  They weren't ME but were completely indistinguishable from the 360 version.
Apparently our strength and conditioning conditioning crew is good at avoiding murder by rap moguls.  That is useful if you live in LA.
Just one kick? She'd be disappointed if I didn't.
He gives noogies and apologized. Those are big changes to me.
I went to high school with one of the guys who ended up being one of the better UCLA players of his tenure.  I remember what he was like in high school.  Great guy, talented, driven, smart (but seldom given credit for that), but very much the 18 (and later) 20 something man he became.  We were never close in any sense.  But I saw him in classes and on campus and if it weren't for the fact that he could have passed of a marble statue of an ideal physical form, he was a typical guy.
Nice.  Those if us with early chances at getting tags were lucky. I'm guessing you get frequent  offers for your tag.
I don't know if I'd go that far. A good 40 clove chicken dish involves a ton of caramelized garlic but that is the upper limit of garlic concentration in a dish.  Damn, that makes me miss the Stinking Rose in LA. I need to get back there.
Collinsville! My family comes from there.  Nice town and I am a bit surprised they could pull of a crowd for a show like that.
I was submitter   You made an assertion and can't back it, but please feel free to move the goalposts. You can tell me about politics that need to die all you want, but I find that people who do so are too worried about satisfying their totalitarian tendencies to worry about handling simple political debate. The flag isn't fit for the public arena,  but it had no meaningful relationship to the attacks. It didn't cause the attack. It didn't contribute. The attack on the flag is an attack of convenience.
I got the factions mixed up. He was with New Nexus for a brief time.
Well, given your vast experience of being in a college locker room where one of the players skipped out on practice to attend an NBA all star game, your perspective is valuable.  Now, I may have been a scrub high school player, but I watched people catching hell for missing practice or coming late.  So I'm not the least bit surprised that a coach would give somebody trouble for missing practice in a high profile fashion.
We also do that local assistance thing as well.  I think that is often ignored.  I can't think of a church that I haven't visited or attended that won't provide some sort of support for the needy without any strings attached and there are many charities that do the same.  I am far more proud of our commitment to assistance through private means.
I want to survive the experience.  I'm afraid that with Maria I might sublimate to a new form of matter and disappear from the material plane.
That's four guys over the course of several years, that isn't getting around.  That's a normal healthy dating life.
A real life example of Chris Rock's when keeping it real goes wrong.  edit. Not that I care about the downvotes, but seriously?  Which are you more butthurt over?  That a player punched a cop and I made a joke or that I forgot which comic did a stupid bit?  At least have the balls to comment on this weighty matter so I can mock you appropriately.
Thanks for the tip. I have only been to NRG for soccer and it was a madhouse, the heavy reliance on rail makes a lot of sense here.
and a good place for a stabbing.  Or a good old fashioned Louisiana Hold Up, tell the person to reach for the sky, shoot them, and then take their wallet.  I love most of the people of that state (except for the criminals and the cops, but I repeat myself) it really is a wonderful place to visit.  But the parts that are bad are insanely bad.  At least the parts that are awesome are inanely awesome.  I makes for a small consolation at least.
No catch.  At 5 bucks for a month, it is worth subsribing that long to try it out before buying a year.  The service is really great if you like even a few of the games on offer.  Personally, it has saved me from a few bad purchases (Star Wars Battlefront turned out to not be my cup of tea) encouraged a few buys (Dragon Age, NHL) and introduced me to a few breakout surprises (Plants vs Zombies GW)  I can't promise you the same experience, but I have been very happy with it so far.
Ours is one of the biggest film schools in the country and helped produce the video that faked the moon landing.
Yeah, Breitbart loved him some of Ace's morons, deservedly so considering that they are generally a pretty genial, snarky and occasionally smart group.  But I don't know what Breitbart would think of Trump other than enjoying the showman ship of it.
I know winning fixes all.  But Tennessee?  I'd be surprised if that happened.  A CFB head coaching position, sure.  But an NFL job in TN of all places beggars belief.
I don't like to complain about officiating, but damn that game was a complete mess.  There were so many holds on that last drive.  I have a lot of respect for the WSU QB for playing that game, but he should have been in concussion protocol.
I have two.  A 1.5 quart and 6 quart. The 1.5 quart works fine for a great majority of recipes.  But anything that involves bulk or long items become a problem.  A long hambone won't fit in the 1.5 for a split pea soup.  Completely immersing certain cuts of meat will also be a problem.  But other than that, I was able to get by for 10 years on a 1.5 quart without much complaint.    Larger sizes are fine, but I think they cause me to create portions that are too large in order to fill the water line high enough to cover the meats the way I like.
Favorite on the original Xbox was Halo.
It miss the days of the bawdy 80's sex comedy.  Though I have to admit that revenge of the nerds had a straight up rape by deception.
Word of advice, he never lets you get to four taps. Unless...  "What's that?  Is that two taps twice?  Don't worry, I got my special teams coach here to lend a hand!"
Great post.  It reminds me when Daniel Bryan introduced his impact finish and it was absolutely ruined by the camera work (for me).  Here, you have this guy who physically throws his body at his opponent for a hard knee to the head and we see the run, the jump ... and a cut so that we can't see the impact.   This is why I am a bit worried about the King of Strong Style in the WWE.  If we don't see the hits, he doesn't look strong.  Nobody looks strong because they throw a punch, they look strong because they land it, we see the impact and we see the physical reaction all at once.    Your post does a great job of explaining why.
MSNBC?  Sorry, you don't get to make fun of any politics when your best guy gets "tingles" up his leg over hearing Obama speak.  Also, I don't masturbate to anime.  I hump an anime pillow like a normal person does.
&gt; Downtown Julie Brown  I was all about the other [Julie Brown](http://www.agentlover.com/blog/wp-content/uploads//2011/10/jj19.jpg) ([blonde varient](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/9f/dd/06/9fdd06d18f1ca58fbe82778eea330ab1.jpg))
I really miss infection.
Ask anybody who took a shot from the honkey tonkan. Mick Foley talks about it in his first book
