I know 2 sets of parents who said something like "You are treating my son like a criminal" when he was charged 4 years for sleeping with a 13 year old (he was 23) and "Why didn't the parents come to us and we could have settled it quietly" when their son had been diddling his 12 year old cousin for years (He was 33). Yeah. NO.
Sweaters. I have really nice light sweaters. And a lot of tank tops to wear under v neck stuff.
If it's a chimp it would win. They are way strong and have sharp teeth and mad crazy jaw muscles.  Mofo can bit your face off and snap an arm like it's nothing. Bitch don't even need a knife.   Unless it was like a lemur. I could probably take a lemur.   Source: anthropology major
My boss had to tell our ceo, under no circumstances, would there be bathroom meetings. Ceo installed private loo in his office shorty after.
Some asshat at a club I did not want to be (obligation for work ) at grabbed almost every girls ass in my group until me when I turned around and told him "young man that is very inappropriate". Then I informed the bouncer and my totally yoked friend who stared him down the whole night. Fuckin people like that guy.
Guy 1. He was never there and married to his job. i Graduated college and got wine to celebrate. Woke up at midnight when he got home. Drank wine by myself.   Guy 2. Told me I had to get rid of my cat. Had no emotions and only wanted sex in one position.   Guy 3. Bragged about being stabbed and had no idea how to treat a girl. Spent all my money and was a drunk.   I sure know how to pick them. But I'm with a chill dude now. We rock. No plans to get married and we are cool with that. Plus my cats love him and he loves the cats.
I just wished my bf liked makeup. He tolerates it but he's not a fan. Even when I do no-makup makeup he notices. I have okay skin and will use a bit of cover up most days (unless there is a miricle and the skin is flawless) but even a touch of brows and brown eyeliner accents and he's like, "  :(   " I guess I should be happy he likes my face.
My significant other is a fancy cocktail bartender and orders white Russians at bowling alleys. Then again, he likes white Russians. Also, I am a white Russian.
Because you mean business. You know what you want. You know to pace with a shot. Drink the beer slowly, take the shot. Rinse repeat. This type of person always pays their tab plus a big tip for not bothering them.  We have a guy that comes in and orders a beer and a shot almost every day, he's polite, friendly and always in a good mood. He has also worked every single day since the end of February. Service industry makes you appreciate your booze.
I order scotch or whiskey as a side car and sip it neat or with an ice cube.
My friend always joked on me because I ordered wine when we went out. One day he comes in and is like OMG I LOVE WINE. He discoved moscato wine. He is black. Heard it in a rap song.   I blame rap for hennessy, gin, amaretto, moscato, and brandy.
Just had a shot and a wine for lunch. However I think the bartender already likes me because we live together. I got the unicorn. Took a bartender on a date and it worked out. :)
So true. I am so happy there are people like you. I have taken in many a kitty but never this bad a situation. Mine have always been from hoarders or the pound. 2 stupid kitties right now. Rimmer is 10 (ish?) and loves doritos and pets. Kuna (Hakuna Matata) is 2 and leaves dead mice in my shoes. Both were kittens from farm cats who were not fixed in time.
So my 20 pound monsters could be doners? I will bring that up during their next vet visit.
I didn't go to either of my graduations. I don't even know if I officially graduated high school.
We had a free vegan restaurant with multiple options at work and people would go across the street to get bacon. However, vegan lasagna is horrible.
My cat has a bad problem with being obsessed with doritos. So I guess he is helping by me not bringing them home. He will cry and bite until he gets his chip fix.
THEY DRANK THE COOLAID.   So sad. i see this all the time. The nails, the oils, everything. They SWEAR by it. Talking about it all the time. It's like they sold their soul for a few extra bucks a month.   Like, OMG, this lavendar bath oil totally cured my headache. Buy it for 20% off today from my site. Only 16$. Ugh. No. I grow lavendar. I can pick it. FREE. I also make my own simple syrups and flavored honey.
Ours are painted like little people. Not at all coded.
Bawling my eyes out with my cats at a stupid youtube video. I blame my puffy eyes on alergies. Only the cats get it.
I stopped doing random when i hit the pictures of dead kids sub.
I worked at an ISP with over 150 employees and they "forgot" to pay the power bill so it got shut off. (That means 3 months over due because of leniency from power companies).
You rock! And your wife rocks! My friend has lupus and RA and just got a compression break in her spine. 32. Shes a song person and full of positive vibes even if all she can do some days is sit with her cats and eat soup. Keep rocking sir.
Dress up nice and get free samples at stores. Grocery. Mall etc. You can get soap from the mall sometimes. Take honey and mustard from fast food. Free shit everywhere. Just got to be savvy. Go to churches that have free lunch after the service. Soup kitchens. Dumpster dive. Borrow a Costco card and Fuckin eat like a king.
Yeah, I am still on pins and needles with the Preacher adaptation by Garth Ennis.
Just don't go looking for it. Man, the internet sucks some times. I try to stay in a happy place. I read my science reddits and front page and some other news sites and try to stay away from anything that reeks of 4chan.
Ohh. Good idea. my little one started by leaving his toys in my BFs shoes, then shit got real when I went to put my shoe on and there was a real dead mouse in there. The older cat was satisfied I could hunt years ago (or too lazy) but now the little one is bringing in snakes, mice, lizards, birds, everything. I always tell him hes a good kitty and give him treats. But still we get dead animals.
Mine used to do that when his water was dirty or not full enough.
My cat ate his food and his mice. You would hear *SQUEAKKKKKK* in the middle of the night and there he is chomping on a mouse, ate the thing in 2 bites.
Yes sir. 2 wine and a shot in.
This [blog](https://sixthousandsteps.wordpress.com/) has REALLy helped my friend out. She is your age and is a trooper. Try to stay positive and you already know RA sucks but maybe reading the blog will give you an idea of what she is going through and how to help. HUGS
Good one! I will share with my friend!
Zero. Zero weeks vacation in most jobs but a corporate office job. If you do get time off you don't get paid. Unless you work for Google or Facebook. If you work in retail you usually lose your job because you can't be there. This country is fucked up. This is why you see so many poor single women not working, they can't. There is no free daycare so they have to stay home. No other option. Daycare here costs 800$ or more a month. So until they start school at 6 years old you either have a nice mother who babysits or you pay out the ass for care while you work 60 hours a week.
ARGGGG. Pro-bono. I get that all the time. Not lawyer but dental. People call and just figure they can get shit for free. Oh I'm poor, but I don't have medi-cal (because they are either too lazy to apply or make too much - over 30k a year) and I don't have insurance, so uhhh, is there a free dentists? Dude, get off your ass and pay the 75$ for a cleaning and a check up. Twice a year. Cheaper than filling up your car.
Unacceptable. They butchered your hair. Post the first cut to their Facebook, yelp, twitter, tag the shit out of them. I worked for a professional stylist for many years and have only seen ONE cut we had to fix worse than that, from a super cuts. This is like some 14 year old girl tried to do hair for the first time. No. They should be ashamed.
I was an anthropology major with a focus on biology. Pretty much what he said. The femur does not look human. [see how the neck is different](http://sciweb.hfcc.edu/Biology/AP/134/lab/lab%20guide%20images/II.%20Skel%20Musc%20Nerv/A.%20Skeletal%20system/II.11a.femur.anterior.JPG) ?
I was the bloody mishlin man when I was born and in the 99th percentile. I was suppose to be over 6 foot. Today: 5'10" and 150 lbs. And I am over 25.
I tried it. I had 2 slices of pizza and hummus and chips and wine and whiskey. Still under 2k. I don't drink anything but tea and water. No snacks.
Or they insist on bringing it to you anyway. Or they leave sweets on your desk all the time. :( They got all excited about my birthday and wanted to get me cake (because their cheap asses own an ice cream shop) and I told them I don't eat cake. And I'm lactose intolerant. Got an ice cream cake anyways. Only person who gets me was old Filipino guy who got me egg rolls. &lt;3
HAHAHAHAAHAHAH! Dude. People make 10$ (minimum is about 10.25, goal is up to 15 in a few years) an hour at coffee shops, McDonalds, a bit more to be a vending person at the stadium, cafes, restaurants, retail. So your poor people make 26k full time, where average rent is 2k a month. They commute from the ghettos, live in multi family homes, have a rent controlled apartment for 30+ years and so on.
You know how fucking hard it was to sit on spoilers for YEARS?!! YEARSSS. Everyone was like OH NED. And here we are sitting on our hands covering our mouths. Then boom, we couldn't talk about the red wedding, or the purple one. People were losing their shit and we just kinda sat there. Then this whole Jon thing. I threw the book at the wall after that and could only talk to like 4 people about it.   i am so happy we are all basically on the same page and I can freaking talk on the internet about it. Face book goes ape shit if you give spoilers.
Basically like the last chapter of book 5 where we threw the book against a wall and had to keep spoilers for like 5 years. That was the fuck.
Dude. A Storm of Swords came out in 2000. That was 15 years ago. Meaning that some of us have kept the Red Wedding Secret for what 13 years? Nedd 15+? Do you know what that does to a person. It's like The 6th Sense TIMES 15 YEARS.
My soul is dead from trying not to ruin it to anyone, even if begged. It was like I knew the answer to life the universe and everything.
[I could swea the book covered this](#b "Ghost was locked in a room unable to get out, or off too far away? Either that or my brain needs to reread the books")
yeah my memory is shot and I could have sword Brienne bit the bullet but she didn't, but I think that Sansa is just a few pages behind even if not on the same time line with answers to live/die. The jump thing. You can spoiler message me if I am totally wrong.
Wentworth Miller is half black. He looks whiter than her.
I rather work for a union and have job security and good pay than work like a dog a a contractor with no benefits or time off. Everyone I know in a union makes great money able to buy a house or condo in the bay area and is doing quite well.
I feel you. My older cat hated the new kitten. 2 years layer he still hisses at the baby and gets so jealous he will sit on the other cat if he's on my lap.
Omg. Eyes full of hate and jealousy. My poor little kitty. Opressed for 2 years. All he wants is loves. I plan dates with little to get some pets time without angry bastard. Angry gets all the lap time usually.
