I would trade the confusion in Philly for the sheer anger and white trashedness of Boston.  If anyone has a video of those guys from the stands during the 17-second spurt in 2014 that would be something I have been chasing down.
I haven't checked in a while, but just want you to know that my directv went out as Matt Albers doubled advanced to third and scored the Go-ahead run.
Was working. Thought it was 12:05. The seven pitch breeze through the heart of our order would have put that to bed.
q-WIN-tana is my favorite mispronunciation
I don't have the stats in front of me because I'm texting and driving, but this team has to be the worst 3 point defense
I hate to sound too much like fuhrer Trump, but I think SNL is a disgrace. They have 734 cast members and not one of them is talented enough to carry a sketch or weekend update. As a young comedic actor, being on that show is your opportunity to become a household name with your characters, impersonations and writing ability. They've got one guy who plays Putin by taking his shirt off and very little else.   If I were a cast member, I would be livid that an established celebrity steals the spotlight every week and marginalized my performance.  Not as a host but as a guy who lives in the neighbourhood. I know they regard Alec Baldwin as a honorary cast member,   but he's being a "rude, thoughtless little pig" in this manner.    There is absolutely no edge to the show anymore as they continue to pander to a mainstream sentiment and have no time to hurt anyone's feelings. If Phil Hartman had lived to see the end of Clinton's administration, I seriously doubt he would have had a sobby thank you and goodbye tribute like they performed for Obama.   Peace and love.
Isnt he just having second thoughts?  Doesn't look like a Draymond move. Looks like me whenever i go up in the lane and realize I'm totally fucked.
When I was your age there was a super star on every team. The dream team only had two sets of teammates. 96 only had one in Stockton and malone. Not a perfect way to measure, but just an illustration.
Not really. After his NFL career he was hired at my sister's company. ** Quit after his first month with the company.  Sorry I lived in Boston at the time and I didnt have regular conversations with my sister, so I think I made up my own story.  Much like Fox and CNN will do.  The fundamentals are all the same though.  Hired.  Unreliable.  Left after short period of time.
I don't remember. This was five or six years ago. I think he was on Twitter at the time. So no need for alarm. Not saying he wasn't a great player for us, I just wanted to play devil's advocate re: his reliability.
HIV positive?   Please tell me it is HIV positive.
Thank God for Kahnle and Donaldson. Wouldn't have won without those two guys.
I was at this game.  Great road trip as a bears/gators fan where LSU/Florida was the day before in Gainesville.  I remember the big story was that a 40 year old bears fan going to his first ever bears game and getting his throat slashed less than a mile from the stadium.  Anyways, the D probably had more takeaways in the 2nd half of that game than in 2016.
I'm already getting fitted for a Tyler Ulis bulls jersey
I don't blame him. I've never made 24 million in a year.   I will blame him when he plays 15 games.
I've seen a dozen of these over the last year.
My Bar Mitzvah partner was Zach Levine.  (pronounced the same)
Fadedo was untouchable, but the unsung hero and my mop is Dalton Guthrie. When you have the 8th best lineup in Omaha you better bring some leather.
just bought a Lincoln.
As a white Sox fan and a sci Fi nerd this video was incredible.
I don't need to defend my support for the bears.   We are allowed to be critical.
My uncle owns a couple of hotels in Atlanta and Minneapolis. He's already planning on hanging himself because of Bama vs UGA in the college playoffs. He'd be even more devastated if the Vikings went to the super bowl. That's basically a 50% hit to revenue.   So anyone besides the Vikings. But if they do go to SB I will root for them.
We go to one road game a year.  Vandy is amazing, except for the three-four hours the game is going on.  I think it was 2014 when we didn't even go to the game we were having so much fun downtown.    Knoxville is like no other experience.  If you can scam your way on to a boat and get to Neyland nautically I'd recommend that.  I went to Starkville once for a hoops game- never a football game.  And it's kind of like our Starke only gloomier.  I'm sure that the game day experience is just fine but it's tough to get there and it's tough to be there.
Pageantry and tradition are all overrated.  You want loud, rowdy and intimidating.    I was in the stadium for the two (arguably) loudest games ever at Steve Spurrier Field at Ben Hill Griffin Field (97 FSU and 06 USC) and that magic can be recreated with two key ingredients.   Alcohol and drugs.
Rowdy Reptiles &lt; ISIS.  My freshman year was Donovan's second year, I believe the first year students didn't have to pay to go to games.  I was at the game when Jason Williams was escorted out of the O'Dome because he wasn't a student. I drove to Indianapolis in 2000 in a Winnebago by the Grace of God and No-Doze.    I have never been surrounded by a bigger group of nerds than my time at the O'Dome watching gators hoops from 1998-2001- and that includes my time involved in 2 concurrent games of Dungeons and Dragons (Tuesdays and Thursdays and a separate one that I was actually the Dungeon Master with some cousins on Weekends and Holidays) I guess the "Rowdy Reptiles" were getting "organized" at this very same time with the dumb little chants and overall buffoonery.   They would call security to tell on my friends and me that we were "gambling" on the games, our god given right as Americans.  Who cares if we won by 15 or 14?  Don't get mad at me if we miss a garbage time FT.  I was also informed we weren't allowed to criticize "Home Players" by some dingbat who had never done one athletic thing in her life.  I was once heckled by own mother for grounding into a game ending double play sophomore year.  Moral of the story.  College is fun.  Have fun.  Let your hair down.   Let Duke be Duke.  Let's be Florida.
I have a love-hate relationship with UCF.  I think it's a joke of a school and only sporadically relevant in athletics, but at the same time I love Applebee's and don't know who would manage any of their restaurants if it weren't for their graduates.    I'm not looking at Big 12 expansion through the eyes of Florida- and I don't know how it would affect Florida since it would still seem that UF would be the better option for a recruit.  But just in a business sense, UCF in the big-12 looks right.  They have a nice new stadium, an untapped market for the league and a mini-bowl type destination for conference opponents.    If Florida is worried about UCF joining the Big 12, we have bigger problems than we even knew about.
Our Finn is taller!
I remember throwing up in my mouth for a month after the Wallace signing. He actually wasn't as inept offensively as I thought. Really thought it hurt Thomas and Noah through the years.
My roommate's sister-in-law is named Nagy.  Off-the-boat first person in her family in the states from Hungary.  We call her Naggy like u/quailmanmanman 's wife- but I think it's actually 'Nahsh' like how our president's defunct hotel the 'Taj'   Regardless- you're in the states now- you're name is Naggy.
I had an apple today that tasted better than an orange I ate yesterday.   Made me think.
This is twelve years old?  I wish I knew of this before just now. I would have gotten married to this song.   I feel like Alonzo Spellman when he went crazy.
I'd like to pivot the conversation a little bit to how good are PEDs?   Barry Bonds was the best player in the game in the 90s.  He was a first ballot hall of famer by the time 1993 came around.  He should have been a consecutive 4-time MVP from 90-93 but he had to settle for three out of four.    ...and yet he got better.  At the age when everyone else's body falls apart Barry Bonds entered a ridiculous realm of productivity where he basically homered or walked.   So even if you're already better than everyone, PEDs can make you that much more betterer.    And it is Sox related because I think I went to every Barry Bonds vs. White Sox game in his career (I think they played one interleague series in 2003) and he hit a home run in each of those games.  I doubt he has hit a home run in every game against any other team.
"I dont know, Mike. I'm super tired. It's been a long week." (Mitch puts hand over the phone)  "Shut up Mark, it's Glennon. He wants to know if we want to grab dinner or something".   (Back to the phone)  "Hey buddy.  Thats my mom. She's coming over to help me with some laundry. Can I call you tomorrow?"
I would have to do yoga every day for about twenty years to complete a stretch like that.
I went 0-7 in 2005.    I didn't live in Chicago either. Almost mathematically impossible. Had tickets to game three in Houston but was stranded in Florida due to hurricane Wilma.   You're welcome.
so excited that he didn't miss one word on the prompter.  Can you give the guy maybe a week off to get some R&amp;R?
My grandfather was at Pearl Harbor, it took him 70 years before he was able to even think about going to spankbang.com
people get their shot blocked every day.  ive never seen someone land on his face after a dunk.
Since I blacked the second half of the game out I bought the game on iTunes so I could watch it the next day.   I haven't had an apple product in 11 years but I keep iTunes just so I can watch urlacher an tommy Lee Jones dominate.
My entire scouting report is dependent on that thumbnail.   Does he drop that ball?
If our starter didn't try to chew through the UC court, he wouldn't be getting minutes.  Although, he hasn't been awful in his two stints with the big team.
Grant has to ice his hand after every game.
I feel like you were posting and conducting.  Keep your eyes on the track and leave my Brian Kelly jokes alone.
Right. I'm sorry.    But still your job is too important to be redditing and securing the safety of your passengers.  Im glad you're a conductor actually bc my wife had a question this weekend as we were traveling home on the LIRR. I'm sure it's the same with metra.   How do you account for all the passengers on your cars?  Like who's gotten on who's gotten off and if anyone is riding along further than their ticketed destination? Do you have like a perfectly retentive memory or is their some sort of statistical system?
Thankfully no one was seriously injured.   He only suffered a deviated SEPTA
I think that sometimes during the games.  But, once he comes back, I'm sure we'll unfeel that feeling.
I've actually studied the Constitution.   Nowhere in the laws about president does it even suggest it to be legal for a woman to hold the position.   Since I could not vote for Trump and didn't want to break the law, I abstained.
I don't think this was the catalyst as much as it was the opportunity.   I am more angry at him in 2018 than I was in 2017.  I take offense at his inability to see how big of an opportunity he had at Florida and rather would just complain about the facilities, the fans and the program.    He'll never have such an opportunity again.  His next potential-employer will have to ask him about Florida and he won't have an answer.
how far did you make it?  I almost finished half of that first sentence.
I am from Chicago.
