Alot of things. But something simple that I despised before being with her was rap music. Like I liked some of the funny eminem songs as jokes or whatever but I never really liked rap music. Then she showed me a bunch of biggie smalls, tupac, ice cube, and even newer stuff like drake, lil wayne and kendrick lamar. I listen to rap like half the time now.
I too have seen the David Fincher movie
Not everyone. My mother is a racist paranoid schizophrenic who I have blocked on all communication outlets. Obviously if you have a mother with great qualities, some of those qualities should be seen in other people, especially another person who can be there emotionally as a parent usually is. Just saying, I think people look for the good qualities in people, not necessarily their mother who may is e those qualities.
All hardcore/metalcore. To be honest, even if you do not like the genre, or just not as into it as others, I still recommend Enter Shikari. Really, really strange British electronic/rock/metal band. I never know what I am getting into when I listen to another one of their albums. To see if you like them, I would listen to the song Juggernauts. It was the song that got them on the map on their album Common Threads. They have matured a bunch since then, and improved in nearly every aspect. Good luck!
Well, this is a sensitive subject that could save your kids. You do not want your children to make a potentially life ending decision because they are afraid of getting in trouble with you. My dad did the exact same thing. I never needed him, but I always knew he would be there if I did.
The only cool mispelling for drew ive seen was a guy i worked with named Dru. He was korean with a bunch of tattoos and an undercut. It fit.
Dude, there's a section for all Netflix originals and everything I've seen has been great. House of cards, bojack horseman, daredevil, narcos(my fav), and master of none. Thats just the tip of the iceberg. There's clone wars seasons, a bunch of comedy specials like Aziz ansari and john mulaney. There's easilly 15 more shows that I'm on my way to watch. Currently watching peaky blinders and maron on there now. Use it brah.
Yeah I gotta get back to boardwalk empire.
This is pretty fucking incredible. Not sure how this kind of practice could be performed in hospitals but it would be very useful. When I was working in the hospital, stroke patients in poor areas would show up past the window that we could treat them and would just have permanent damage. I remember a lady who said she fainted and came to the ER with her sister like 4 hours later then waited in the waiting room for another 4. We realized she had a minor stroke and there was permanent damage. Some people just have never felt the symptoms and a little bit of tingling in the hand seems silly to go the ER for. Not all strokes are full blown peter griffin level where the whole face droops. Sometimes it's just some tingling on your right lip or eye. The window for treatment is too small.
Laundry. Not sure why. It's not hard, I just hate it.
Dude I was told nothing when I watched this movie. Thought it was just a nice little flick, then the whole nazi thing started happening and I was just on the edge of my seat, then in awe, then near crying.
Yeah, I mean amazon has all sorts of different shipping methods though. Most of the time I order multiple records and they come like this. However, one time when I had ordered just one, it came with only the cardboard sleeve, no exterior box or packing materials. It arrived just fine, but the warped records I sometimes see from amazon could totally come warped when packaged without a box. Who knows what other packages can hit it in the truck or how it's stored. But I mean, if there is a problem, you can just return it. Records are kind of delicate and if they are not shipped correctly and something happens, amazon understands. Which is why they mostly ship in the box in the first place.
I am fairly certain I have been there. I cannot remember, but it sounds the same and I remember the big ass pickles and that monster 20 dollar sandwich. Fairly certain i got pastrami as well. The fucker just came apart when I picked it up. Just had to eat it with a fork lol. Floss for days.
Pretty good explanation. I find that I am on top of things or at least think I am, until something happens where I'm not prepared, then I start over and try to do it again, this time taking into account the mistake I made earlier. But it just feels like there are infinite mistakes.
My favorite song by them.
I've only met one person that doesnt like Pink Floyd. But yeah all these songs are amazing. If you want a synthy weird track from animals also, I recommend pigs.
Me too
Wow, I am stupid! You are right.
A lesson was learned though
I was like dude it's called warcraft. Not world of warcraft.
I just choked on water then thought about.  I TOO AM A NEAT GUY
Pay for my own college tuition and PA school. Pay my dad back for everything. When I get a job in the medical field, after a few years, I will buy my dad a sail boat and move him to san francisco for his retirement. He deserves it. Especially if it's the governments. I already plan on doing this anyway.
Dude this is like everything in my life. I guarantee if you think about something long enough it starts to sounds bizarre. Like I got on a bus, sat down, then went to university, then sat for several hours split up between short walks to other buildings, then got back on the bus and went back to my apartment. Like what the fuck? I sat for most of the day, just in different spots.   As for sex in general, like why are we attracted to sex stuff? Like what about a vagina looks nice to us? It's really strange. It's like humans are so advanced that we sit in like a million places a day, and even move while sitting, but we are still wired by instinct for reproducing. It's like how a fruit attracts animals to eat it so the seeds can spread. The vagina is like that fruit that attracts us so we can spread our seed. Yeah I am gonna go. I need to go to bed I think.
To skip to the end of the semester with a 4.0 and forget last semester happened. Also to go on this health fellowship.
Well my mother is a schizophrenic nightmare. Last time I saw her she called me a "piece of shit son". I drove her to the airport early and now don't talk to her anymore. No comments about how it's wrong or that she can't help herself. I already feel guilty enough. It's easier to block her out then deal with her.
I agree. I'm a Jon Hamm fanboy, but radcliffe was funny in it also. Hamm is writing more right now
Whoops. You know what I mean. It's funny caUse I own the book lol
Yeah it's on my 'to read' list!
I like Matt. I can't believe I actually like something about team liquid. I haven't liked a player on their team since voyboy
They are trying to grow Bunny as a player. Having two players in one role forces both to work harder for their starting spot. It is going to take time for Bunny to grow into Hai's place. However, since Hai is my favorite player, I kinda like that C9 needs him even though he does want to play and is not being forced to.
Yeah looking forward to playing when spring break comes. I have league uninstalled currently for the start of term. Definitely gonna play some poppy.
Hot cheetos or takis wrapped with ham. Or recently nachos with extra sharp cheddar but add pepperoni.
Even worse. When your friend stays with you for a couple months and can't wake up from his alarm so it just keeps going off for hours even though I turn his phone off. He had a passcode so I can't stop his several alarms. So it's like 5 or 6 alarms before like 1pm. At this point I just get up and play league and forget about life. luckily i don't deal with that now. Just my kitten walking on me at 5am
As somebody living in Texas during highschool who did but from a random guy who knew a guy who bought from a thug, I've never experienced different strains. Just weed that got you high. I'm genuinely curious to try it again when it becomes legal. Well, if it does in Texas
I am a US Navy seal....
I too watch LCS
I mean yeah that's totally fine. It's okay for us to disagree. I mean the majority of people going to see them think they are great. I just dont, that's all. Last great movies I saw were The Revenant and Anomalisa. I loved Hateful Eight and The Big Short as well. I just like watching amazing movies when I go to the theaters. It's already too damn expensive to see movies all the time. Anyways, keep doing it if it makes you happy. I'm just a jack ass online.
Real talk though I've been a night owl for most of my life and just recently this semester I decided and actually did start going to bed early and getting consistent sleep. Like 8 or 9 hours. I feel amazing in everyday life. School is easier. Ive been running an hour a day 5 or 6 times a week. Like it's so weird, it all starts with getting good sleep. However your fun level directly goes down. I'm tired at 1am now on weekends. If I go to sleep past 1am and font get 8 hours, I feel terrible the whole day, and that impacts my whole day, and it takes several nights to get back to normal. It's weird.
Yeah I mean not even just partying, late night fun in general. I've shifted my Alamo drafthouse showtimes to 6 and 7 instead of 10. I even saw hateful 8 at 930am lol. It's a shift but It makes school a lot easier. I remember an upper classman telling me when I was younger to pick two of the following three. Sleep, study, party. It's been mostly true despite being an oversimplification.
When I had an iPhone i used it 450 days in a row. I love that application. However all the android ones don't work ad well. And I'm on a hand me down android at this time.
Current SO of four years.
I just remember getting an email from Nostalrius talking about how blizzard was shutting them down. Maybe they came to an agreement and I am out of the loop.
Nope in my experience its the jacked guys giving advice to other jacked guys. I don't have a problem with it, it is just distracting. Like I don't think those people are douches like crossfit or veganism stereotypes(I am vegetarian by the way). Like I have met some of those stereotypes before. I think weightlifters are actually super nice, I just do not like talking while I work out whether it be running next to someone or a guy and I alternating at the bench. You did not have to get passive aggressive and just assume I am an idiot. I also noticed my type. I meant "depends" on the gym. Anyways, take care.
The questions just seemed rhetorical and made to point out my idiocy.  Whatever, take care stranger.
Slow down the speed on youtube and literally get every combo down, then do every combo every day before playing dynamic queue. Soon you will get them all down. I have a friend who plays smash melee and he literally just practiced for 30 minutes a day doing all the tech/combos until he could do them perfectly like 100 times in a row without messing up. You have to commit these combos to muscle memory.
Yeah I mean some champs have animation cancels like riven or some other random little resets or cancels. But smash melee at the competitive level is all animation cancelling and exploiting it to the point of making combos. You delete frames of delay to be quick and get movement. I wish I was good at that game but its just too technical for me.
Yeah its pure filth. However, I am bad too since I go on there whenever I feel shitty to remind myself that I am not too shitty. Not as bad as them though. Terrible.
Ryan Gosling was so funny in this. I loved how he treated his assistant in the movie. His physical comedy is amazing.
I haven't seen one Miyazaki movie. And I'm a huge film buff. So don't feel bad. My friend actually torrented Spirited Away on my computer and put it in my movie files ahead of other movies lol. I've been stalling.
Meteos was player of the series anyway. Like honestly hes getting better each game. I love him.
