I wouldn't go so far as to say that it's dead, but it's nothing like what it used to be.   I'm fairly new to photography (7 years experience), and I'm actually a professional, working for someone else. I still have so much to learn that it can be a bit discouraging. At least it is until I remember just how much I love shooting...
No kidding. I was once taking bird photos, and I ended up with about 3,000 shots. There were about 20 that were actually worth posting to Facebook, and only four or five that I would consider to be really good.
Even worse is when people think that it's acceptable to mess with your computer when you're trying to use it. I yelled at one of my friend's brother, because he tried to shut my laptop when I was using it. I mean, not only is it really irritating, but it's possible to damage the screen, and that would be a very expensive and time-consuming fix.
I live in Minnesota, and I'm always amazed by how much people struggle in the snow. I get that learning handling intricacies may take a while to learn, but it doesn't take an F1 driver to understand that flooring your car from a stop on ice is not a good way to get moving.
Pilots are awesome people. I might be biased though, since a ton of my friends' parents are pilots.
I've hit 47 on my road bike, and I know people who have topped 60.  Someone in my club even crashed at 50 once. They ended up with a pretty serious concussion, but apparently the helmet saved their life. Plus, call me weird, but I actually think that they look pretty cool.
I guess that I disagree with you here. My parents have a '15 Forester. The interior isn't anything too exciting, but I wouldn't say that there's anything wrong with it either.
That's pretty cool! I wish that my school had a team, but we're way to small...
Your car not wanting to start...  It's getting cold enough here in MN that I'm not positive that my car will start tomorrow...
You know it's bad when you have to scrape the *inside* of your car's windows. Air temp where I am is -14 right now, and the windchill is supposed to get to below -30 by Tuesday...
I really want to try this on one of the Great Lakes freighters sometime.
I just felt bad for him when I saw the DeVry part. Hopefully someone enlightens him to how terrible of a choice that would be.
I'm 18, and I know that I could do better than the guys in both videos. Mostly because I wouldn't be driving like an absolute dumbass.
What year Quantum do you have? I've got a 2000, and I absolutely love it.
Nice! I also have an '04 Attitude XV.   It's kind of funny, the bike that I was riding before I bought the Quantum was a Litespeed Classic. I guess that we just have similar taste in brands!
My dad's desktop is a 2009 HP office tower, which only has VGA ports. He has an ASUS PA248Q, with it though, which is a 1920x1200p IPS panel. It's kind of a waste, but at least it should last well for his next upgrade.
Yeah, I doubt that any of my friends would care. I mean, we all lay in a big pile when we're watching movies together, so I doubt that a hand on the shoulder would matter. Still...
I was once buzzed by a truck with a license plate that was remarkably easy to remember. It was a standard plate, but the letters were NME. If you read them out loud, you see why it's so easy to remember.
If I lived in Missouri, and if that law passed, I would get the biggest flag possible, and write "Fuck Jay Houghton" on it. Probably immature, but so is this law.
I have a profile for my mouse where they're mapped to some of the keys on the side. It's actually really useful for my work.
My X1 Carbon is very similar to a Macbook Air in many ways, but I get a larger screen in the same footprint, and it is much, much tougher. It is MilSpec certified in 8 areas, while the Air isn't in any.
I'm not the person who you asked, but I can also provide some insight.  I'm a photographer, and I also do some video. Unfortunately, quite a few of the programs that I use aren't on Linux, so I use Windows quite a bit more. And while available programs might not be a good judge of an OS, it's what dictates which one I use more than anything else.
I'm a photographer, and I'd kill for a second monitor. I stuck with just a laptop for now, though...
It can actually be a lot of fun. That said, I personally wouldn't be comfortable riding near traffic in the snow.
I know! My tires are loosing traction, so I'll just floor it to make them spin faster!
I mean, when I worked at McDonalds, my bosses never wanted people to show up early. Because they didn't want to pay extra, they wouldn't even let you clock in early. Same for staying late. How out of touch could he be?
I'm friends with the owner of the local Bianchi dealer. I'll have to show him this! I'm sure that he'll get a kick out of it.
My Klein Attitude XV was advertised with three bottle cage mounts. Why you would want one there on a mountain bike is beyond me, though...
Precisely! My dad's an air pollution engineer, and he always complains about people overlooking this.
Same here...
I worked a McDonald's during high school. I always did everything that I could to be helpful and polite, and it always made my day when a customer complimented me.
Are you working in a chain though? I just ask because a lot of chains have much stricter rules. I would have loved to be able to give away stuff when I was working at McDonald's but there's no way that we would be allowed to do that.  We did have theses things on Fridays where every 50th car would get their entire order free. Obviously we wouldn't tell them until after they ordered, but it was still pretty great. My favorite one was seeing a family who was obviously a little tight on money come through. The ordered a decent amount; their total would have been around $40. The look on their faces when I got to tell them that their order was free made my whole week.
I memorized my library card number a few summers ago, because I was using it so much to check out books. It's 13 digits long, and I mix it up to form the base for some of my passwords.
I had to look up MOVE, because I wasn't familiar with it. I swear, my blood pressure went up just reading the Wikipedia article. I think that this current situation is one of the clearest indicators of racism that I've seen in a long, long time.
I'm so used to reading BLM as black lives matter. It took me a while to realize that you meant the Bureau of Land Management.
No kidding. At first I was worried that I was going to see them die, but thankfully, that wasn't the case.
I ride a ton, and it amazes me just how many people pull out in front of me. I tend to ride at a fairly high pace, often matching the flow of traffic. The worst one that sticks out to me is when an idiot in a pickup pulled out in front of me when I was going around 30mph. I was only about ten feet from t-boning them, which could have easily landed me in the hospital...
Yeah, my manager and the owner are really, really smart people (My manager is working as part of getting her Masters) , and they realized that annoying the customers isn't the brightest idea...
Thank you! For some reason I wasn't able to get flash installed on my browser, so I wasn't able to watch their video...
Also, I used to love the idea of AMAs, because the offered the opportunity for normal people to ask questions. However, the purpose is entirely defeated when the figure just ends up talking about memes and stale Reddit cliches while the reasonable and hard-hitting questions end up downvoted to the bottom and ignored. As much as I love this website, it can be absolute shit in some areas. AMAs are best suited for entertainers, not politicians.
It's insane just how small computers can be made! I was wondering how small you could make a desktop if you just made it out of Ultrabook internals. My X1 Carbon already feels tiny, so I wonder what it would be like without a keyboard, screen, or battery.
If I ever got rich enough to build a serious car collection, my parents' current Civic would be one of the first things to buy. Even though it wouldn't be special to anyone else, it's the car that I learned to drive in, and that I drove for a few years. I just have a certain emotional attachment to it, and I'd love to be able to keep it forever.
I learned my lesson my Junior Prom. Senior year, I went to Macy's during a sale. I got a decent three-piece suit for $130, tailored and everything. It fits pretty much perfectly, so it obviously looks worlds better than a shitty loose rented tux. Plus, it cost $40 less than a rental, and I get to keep it...
"I blacked out my tail lights so they work less!"
"I swear I'm a farm boy!"
She did lose her license for a month, but still...
In 6th grade, some students from my school were on a field trip when someone ran a stop sign and hit the bus. No students were hurt, but the driver was killed instantly.
Oh man, my Environmental Studies class has been really hard. I know significantly more about engineering than most people in my class, and I've had to bite my tongue so much. I don't want to be "that guy", correcting everyone all the time, but it can be hard to avoid sometimes...
Thanks! I actually did a little bit of digging and found it, but I really appreciate the link!
I just looked up the laws for Minnesota, and the minimum fine is $300. That's a pretty hefty chunk of change!
