For a good reason mate...   A very close friend of mine broke his jaw, becaus he thought he was Zelda and tried running through a wall that had a secret area behind it.  There was a few people who died while on it too.... heck, even I got rashes all over my skin.  'Legal' highs are not an alternative. Legalise, Standardise and tax
I've done a few tests, caged eggs vs free range, and let me tell you, the price is well worth it... Caged eggs were inferior in both size and quality.
God I get shivers just reading that... fuck getting conscripted
All me mates who didn't finish uni, ended up in a trade.  Its hard work, but once you get some experience pay is solid and there's always demand
I for starters wouldnt want some stranger (pronounced CIA) knowing of my interracial midget anal foot fetish reddit account.
It comes down to priorities mate.  I can't tell you what to do, but if it were me and I've been good, I'd let my hair down once in a while.
Hey, I would like to buy one, but not at [$8.6 Million!](https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=M1_Abrams)
Every cunt at work that I've told I own a rifle to thinks of me as some sort of fkn crook out to kill people... its hard educating retards
That's a substantial amount of fat mate!  Nevertheless, I ate lots and lots of bacon but after a while the sat fat gets to you, so I supplemented with nuts. Macadamia nuts are the best for this followed by Brazil nuts.   Shredded coconut in your protein shake is always good, plus it ads a crunchy texture.  Also salmon, avocados, and steak
Anytime bruddah!  I am also a complete sucker for cured meats; be it pastrami, ham, pepperoni or salami. Its expensive in Australia, but well worth the taste!
N-no homo
How long is your neckbeard?
head over to /r/nofap, they might be able to help you out - it worked for me (pun intended)
Thats not a good thing if you're John Doe struggling to put gas in his car
Even top blokes suffer from depression.  Maybe this will she's more light on the stereotype of men being labeled as soft, etc when in fact they're depressed
Single. Cunts are too cheap to do a double
That's rough! Hot you didn't lose much
Yeah I got goose bumps too
Working on Saturday in an office which has no air-conditioning, surrounded by Indians who do not share the same Strayan view on hygiene... someone kill me
Ours (AUD) is right there with you lads. Just like the trenches in WWI  Edit: Sorry, added the extra I. Canadians and Aussies fought for Commonwealth forces in both Great Wars
Can't. Nofap16
And if you didnt move your car, you get the shit beat out of you
I got my 45-70 stock ready
The faq said (top of my head) 1000mg a day. I do believe I take the Citrate one
I've stocked up on ammo and canned food for the next decade and am ready
No I haven't, but now that you've brought it to my attention, I might
This guy is right kids.  I developed a severe rash after my second joint in 3 weeks...
I was being cheeky. And you are not a nice man hurting my feelings like that :(
Does the box that I live in count?
As an Axis player, yes.
I use that baby with a Jaghtigers attack ground ability.  Nothing like watching your opponent rage after losing a coliape that's hiding behind a building
Anyone have link to said revenge video?  My brother in science arm of MIT needs it for research
Mortdale NSW?  Damn man! Wtf was that on your clothes line?
What if I'm a gay married man? My husband doesn't wear a bra
Oh man, having a Brit Bong to play with would be nice, but sticks coz of time differences. Added. Dr S
I'd love to add you. Steam community: Doktor_S
Close. She was the Baba of an uncle of mine
I don't know, I'm not a mother. But as a father I'd beat the shit out of said kid, and then beat his father
Yarloop got proper shafted this Summer.  I feel for the folk who lost everything... Shit, even the pub burnt down :'(
Fuk u Kent, I'm an immigrant, and I am part why this cuntry is great. Its called integration
Nah, Strayan, but my siblings and I use Kent instead so the folks don't know were insulting eachother
Boo uk? What is this you are referring to?  No, I havent. any good?
As long as I get to taste her neighbor as well
This cunt's got it right.  Between mates, its a term of endearment
I use [PIA](https://www.privateinternetaccess.com/).  Good torrent speeds, really easy set up, log in with 1 double click.
Just watch your fat and sodium intake. While they're great, 200grams yields &gt;65 grams of fat.  Also, if you're craving potato chips, I highly recommend salted kale chips. Too bad kales expensive as fuck in Aus
I know that feel bro
I'm gonna go and have a ciggy to celebrate this milestone!
Wikipedia says in adults it will pass within a week. In unborn kids however, they and thier families face a lifetime of difficulties
Hey! I use that exact same strategy!
