I got 10 in 3 months playing the game, it's all about luck bro.
It's really immersive into Kvothe's story, it feels like I'm reading a diary or something and it's one of the biggest reasons I love the series. It feels like a normal life, except it's in a fantasy world. Makes it feel rich.
I don't like him less at all, it's just easier to point out his problems.  Kvothe and Denna are my favorite characters though, so there's that.
Yeah price definition is the hardest question here, would they more than double the sales of the cut the price by half? But I agree with you there, I think that with an accessible price they would sell much more of these. It would make people (like me) consider buying more if not all of the heroes instead of just one for their favorite class for exemple. Unless they give frequent promotions, which would be reasonable.
Are you guys hoping that this team can accomplish something in Copa América?  I personally don't think it is any good, but if you're just hoping to give some chances and experience to younger and talented players then it's great.
To be honest I barely paid attention to the second half.
I didn't even look at the flair,  that was dumb lol
I play all my dragons except Crusher and they're absolutely playable and fun to me, it's just a question whether you want to netdeck and go for the high ranks and legend or play with what you like. BRM might not be for Spikes but it's great for all the Jimmys and Johnnys, it's not like the cards are terrible.
It there any problem on children around age 10? I got a 3 hour surgery as a kid and then a 20min one a month later, both with general anesthesia. It's far from age 4 so I'm not sure of those "risks" apply.
Hey Kibler, what are your thoughts on the Tavern Brawl mode since you won Challengestone and all?  I only knew you through those BRM articles and you pretty much became my favorite Hearthtone guy after that competition, as a Bolvar fan and fellow Dragon user. You've got the right attitude towards the game.
I'm not being hypothetical, I have friends that had that problem and I can definitely find people like that around the math, physics and engineering parts of my university (usually around the top of the class). Intelligence can be crazy unbalanced sometimes over different things, just like some people in human sciences can't do the simplest of math tasks.
I love this so much, I replay it so many times everytime I see it. Probably my favorite internet thing ever.
I came here to say this, I always thought he actually said cat, TIL. :(
(◕‿◕✿) he's also nice and i'm rooting for him on challengestone 2 (◕‿◕✿)
I got one recently and I like having one for my Hunter, transforming my 1/1s in beast 1/1s at worst and sometimes transforming their taunt. But he might be more valuable for you as 400 dust.
He quite like spiders too.
My father loves Despicable Me :(
I really like that you did your first hero! Do you plan on doing something about the new heroes after this next one? I'd love to see you doing Medivh or Alleria.  Edit: Just saw that you did some "Quick Facts" on them, that's really cool!
Yeah Metzen was the guy I was thinking, I remember some WoW players saying the story started to change to a bad direction with him. But I don't know when he got in charge.
The boy saw her more than once, then? It was a constant thing?  My mother believes in spiritual stuff, and met a "medium" she trusted once my aunt got cancer (she said this same medium predicted an accident I got into years before it happened). She started describing my aunt's apartment and said there was an evil spirit in a very old mirrored table in her living room that was sending bad energy to her and telling her to kill herself as she stared at it.  Of course I didn't believe it. But then my aunt expressed suicidal thoughts and it turns out her apartment had a very weird design but the woman had described it perfectly. There was also a very dark and old mirrored table at a corner of the room but kinda in a central position. She brought it to her apartment some months earlier after the previous owner (also family member) died, and turns out every one of its owners developted cancer and died.  As I said I'm a logical person and try to ignore these things. But fuck me if they don't creep the hell out of you and make you question a lot of things.
Holy shit, I have a young cousin that we jokingly thought could be gay but his dad seemed to get worried and I saw him show a magazine to him.  Your description matched the event so perfectly that for a moment I assumed I had just found my cousin's reddit account, but then I remembered my oncle showed a Playboy to him.
My aunt died soon after, they most likely got rid of the table.
I'm the best at pretending to be myself!
I don't understand this, why would they come off as arrogant? For us they were the absolutely opposite of that. It was a *huge* deal for them and they knew about the huge pressure in their backs (made obvious by their later mental breakdown). It was not their "right", but their necessity.  It was the humblest Brazil I've ever seen, the players felt like underdogs because people had stopped believing in Brazil and they wanted/needed to restore the pride and make Brazilians support them again, which would only be possible with a title. Thiago always mentioned how European players gave him shit in Italy and France by saying Brazil isn't a big deal anymore, even after beating Spain 3-0 in the Confederations Cup. I felt absolutely terrible for the players after that game because I knew how much it meant for them and how hard they were trying, they didn't deserve that. I feel sad by how non-Brazilians felt they were arrogant, that's a really misdirected interpretation.
I don't think he's as great people make him out to be atm, but he certainly is talented enough to be. He has a nice touch and the Brazilian skills as you would expect.  I hope he gets a big ramp in his career in this move just like Coutinho did when he left Inter, so we can have the duo as staples in our national team.
Doesn't need to be caipira though, just being in a different state or a big non-capital city and some will already be talking about the entire country.  *Or* someone from a big capital that thinks their city = Brazil, pretty common from Rio and specially São Paulo folk.
Agreed, me and a friend picked it up just because it was a small game that we could simply download and start playing immediately, then we found out the game was extremely fun.  There's always the Blizzard factor too, we can always trust they will deliver quality content and they're known for that, as much as dedicated fans complain about new iterations of their favorite games. People will always at least give a try to anything they release.
They've got a position in my area of choice in a city near me here in Brazil!  Fuck me if this isn't an extreme tease, if only I wasn't just getting out of college...
Naruto x Sasuke is always on my mind when talking about this, watched that so many times. I do think they crossed the line at the beginning of the Pain fight, though it was awesome once they left the village.
The part about your husband weirded me out though.
I'm not native either, you'll get better as you get more contact with it xD
I fucking loved it, had so much fun. Played Mage (obviously), Rogue, not-face Hunter and Paladin (Blessed Champion!) and had incredibly fun games with all of them. It made me use some underused cards like the Troggs, Echoing Ooze (MVP), Illidan and finally gave light to my golden Auctioneer. Not to mention that it made completing quests completely entertaining and I could just make fun decks with underused cool cards since they weren't permanent and I couldn't care less about losing.  Most of the opponents were Mages (any Brawl ever with messed rules will *always* create unbalance to certain classes, just like Challengestone, people should accept that) but I still saw a lot of variety like Rogue or Shaman, and usually I couldn't care less about who I'm facing since my decks were fun to play by themselves.  In the end of the day I want more Brawls like this, I certainly enjoyed it. You can't really beat a perfect lethal with Blessed Champions to a Redemption-ed minion or getting two 11/9s while keeping a full hand in a single turn.
What's the main TV channels in Tanzania??  I ask this because I've got a (drunk) friend interviewed from a Tanzanian tv here in Brazil as we were watching Netherlands vs Costa Rica, but we don't remember the channel so we'll never know if there's any chance we can find it online somehow.  "Are any of you Dutch?"  "Uhh some part of my family is Dutch"  "Good enough"  Then my friend went completely nuts while everyone around stared as he screamed scrambled words as if his blood was orange.
I'm playing secret Paladin and this is a deck that really gives me problems, Secret Pala doesn't have ways to win back the board when they swarm so fast.
She's also projecting her own problems and issues on Blizzard. The fact she cuts off all connections and doesn't trust others explain so well her behavior over the series.  I'm really hoping she gets full character development to overcome that, akin to how Saitama exposed Garou feelings to himself.
I feel like I take pills all the time here, the way people undervalue past legends (and overrate present ones) is ridiculous.  I understand that many people here just started following the sport a few years ago but they keep agreeing with each other and suddenly Suarez is on par with Ronaldo R9 (yes, I read that) as an agreed upon truth.
Well you can break some stuff.  I'm a simple man, I like breaking stuff.
So, I win!  I thought Day9 would win the community, but I guess Kibler is an equaly lighthearted and likeable person, but as a higher profile player. I wonder if he won similar things with the Magic community (if there was anything like that).  The Eloise and Lifecoach game was easy though, I doesn't get much crazier than that. I couldn't write that.
A knee injury.
That fucking song man, I love it! I like most songs from Kouji Wada, in fact.
Nope, you're not alone. I know many people who like it, myself included.
I was agreeing with you '-'. I was saying that only people who read the webcomic saw her other side, but people who only watch the anime or read the manga only saw her as an annoying brat.
Me neither, but he's not Brazilian so I'm pretty happy.
And then I woke up.
Hahaha at least you can say you had an unique marriage cerimony, unlike those normies being awake and standing and hit.
Holy shit he looks like my grandpa. The tong and smile and everything.
You could put together some pictures and the things you've figured out about his upgrades and make a self-post in the sub, I bet a lot of people would love it. I never even realised there were any visual changes along with the upgrades.
My body is not ready.
&gt; The swerves are bizarrely predictable, or mundanely unpredictable. &gt;  &gt;  &gt;  &gt; I mean, he's alive? And she's the villain? Was that expected, or unexpected? Or both?  My exact reaction to the last couple of episodes.
I always feel like cheating when I get more than one starter in the game, I can never do it in a first playthrough.
