if a random girl sexted me for no reason at all i would be so happy.
if u guys wanna know where the "inspiration" for this tat came from, probably a manga called prison school
a computer repair specialist for six years
i saw them at some manga popular sites a long time ago i think, google may help u more.
so are u saying that lesbians are virgins forever? lol.. edit: i guess my comment its aimed more to mhaaad but im a reddit noob :v
I Would answer but dem reddit downvotes :&lt;
i super suck, what i do is work around X cooldown, at 4 stacks 2-f-lmb, usually by the end of the 10 secs of stage 4 searing palm i can start again.  with FS i like to proc 4 stages of searing palm then activate fs and spam comet+lmb for 10 secs.  now that we are here, sometimes the insta comet cd doesnt aply and i dont know why.
ofc, i know that :P, i just posted 2 different situations.
i liked the anime, could been better, maybe ill pick up the games.
i remember that guy on the ... justin bieber roast? had someone joke something like " the only person who inhaled more smoke than snoop dog is Xguy dad at 9/11"  it was super fuckd up but also so funny :(
i dont really follow cs go competitive scene so, u lost me there.
now that u bring shameless up, mandy... or that asiatic girl lip meets at college
im trying my best to no laugh hard right now, im at work :(
i complaing about things like that sometimes, but there are a lot of things to do now... playing like 3-4 hours  a day u cant even do all the thing avaliables. so, cant do ssp? do something else, thats what im doing.  edit: that was b4 nebula event, now i can do ssp just normally, but i rather do things that feel more rewarding for my time like 4 man soguns and stuff
i dont really like newish kpop tho, i "grow up" playing the korean version of the DDR, Pump It Up, and the music was awesome :3
i didnt get it :&lt;
i didnt get it :&lt;
i cover my mouth because teeth :&lt; it sucks
they broke up after this. war is hell tho.
i dont follow dota 2 pro scene at all, i have seen previous TI finals but thats it, i ask because i kinda like the liquid franchise so...
so im not the only one..
when you are poor as fuck, it doesnt even matter...
phaymacy shopping can be stressful, i completely blacked out the first time i bought condoms, srsly, cant remember that and it must have been a super hard thing to do lol.
wtf with $4000 u can spend a year... more than a year in my country living like a rich person, reminds me of that south park episode when kenny goes to rumania... say days:(
venezuela, and i guess i dont need to add any more explanation.
fuck u noob, i do 1231231312k dps/min with my sword of moms visa
batman v superman was bad, yeah, not because of the trailers, or critics, it was bad because the whole concept of batman fighting superman was stupid as fuck. there is a diference.   foe me, warcraft was a decent movie, with a lot of actors that wont appear on a sequel because it will be about grown up thrall, with the experience taken from the mistakes made here so, i hope they do a sequel and that ill be a lot better, the reing of chaos story is really good.
i would like to be asked this by hbo tho
i would love to work at hbo, they are such a nice group of ppl there, putting out so many amazing shows...
i cant believe ppl gives away their pets, after watching this history, i could never do it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_VFm4KiRNU
thx, just when i was about to click. my hero
i never understood ppl taking so much time pooping, i do that in like a minute always
enjoy it, here en venezuela we cant even get the latam tourneys lol.
ikr, there is only one TOI  for me. dem baium camps
for me is majoras mask, im almost alone on this but meh
all i wanna know, im kinda waiting for it to finally get legion :/
what my gf does is sit near me and instagram the shit out of my cellphone batery, i even think she has almost or more of a fun time than me playing vg
i learnered englando with playing le videogames.
idk honestly, i used to play dota 1 and we did captains mode, and the dota2 tourneys stream always had bans.
i guess that if i played at low ping i would be able to do so.
thx god the subbed version i got had translator notes for those things
i dont have too much faith on hi-rez, being honest, i played a few of their games prior to this (global agenda being my favorite) and it sucks how they just stop caring about them after a while... i sure hope this doesnt happen to paladins, doesnt seem like it, things like this tournament makes me think they are in for real this time.
i didnt even know there was a yt stream, fucking twitch.tv lags a lot for me.
man, now i want to play bioshock again.
so it is like most of the movies done on my country
thats nolstalgia talking buddy, i did watch it for a lot of episodes waiting until they stopped using chroma characters but got bored.
when i first found out about sin city i though it was a max payne movie.
on the other side, i used to be able to buy rp lets say 3 or 5 years ago, refund tokens are pretty much useless to me and im quite sure they dont make them a lifetime thing because everyone including me would refund pfe in less than a minute.
this, i can spend one day in the house without even seeing him, other day he might sleep on my bed for hours, doesnt bother me at all.
i have replayed this game too many times.. and after that i watch the cinematics from rise and fall of the lich king.. amazing.
