hi, I am also on the toilet. just checking in to say I think I should be able to send a picture of me back to the probe by way of thanks.
you already have the pic. after that i dropped my camera.  don't tell me what I dildidn't do
actually you can have a bad experience with police in the uk if you don't speak english all that well
oh. I, er, feel guilty now- maybe I shouldn't have shouted at you :-(
idiot here, still don't get it but whatever
I remember even the first few times after taking on Lendl AM was playing differently (and better)
that's like asking when was last time there was a case of FGM. it is prevalent enough that there are charities to help potential victims escape:  http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/8446458.stm  &gt;"You see people being killed for being gay and stuff. I think I'd be vulnerable if people knew about me.  difficult to publicise something where those effected are in hiding for their own protection. however check out the case in the documentary below. the relevant section starts at 20:48. note his location has to be kept secret from his family. he himself used to believe that all gays should be killed.   https://vimeo.com/147095158   death threat he received live on radio: http://m.huffpost.com/uk/entry/8354056.html?edition=uk
cats don't get covered in mud. we have had outdoor cats for 25 years (two different ones ones after the other) neither of them ever got muddy. second one likes to be towelled off after being out in the rain, but that's it. I have never seen a cat covered in mud  edit: lol, you guys need to chill out- just cos your cat is behaving like a dog doesn't mean it's normal
shit, *i* know ward!
amputee...
like a volume control on any modern tv. seriously what how is this a problem? I mean I want to know if the volume is already at full, or coming down.   having said that I still use ios 6 so maybe they made it rubbish in ios 7 like everything else
I feel kneedy, now what?
I was already ignoring you
sorry to immediately piss you off by admitting that I voted to remain, *but* upon my first entrance into the polling station I felt such disgust at the non-democratic federalist wankers of the EU being responsible for our affairs that I didn't at that point feel able to go through with my intention to vote remain. I went to have a little sleep and some food so that I could think clearly and feel good about voting remain. I was only able to rationalise it by the fact that remaining in, we would have given far more problems to the federalists than we will leaving and inviting them to fuck us over at leisure. we have now taken away a road-block to German hegemony in Europe and in addition the EU will try to make an example of us to avoid contagion if they possibly can. So I voted in and I am proud to have done so, but having gone through the emotions that I did, I thought that the majority of people who felt the same way would just vote leave. you can't put a price on sovereignty, and while I was voting for staying in and fucking up their project, I can understand why leave won. The remain arguments made were too defensive, too complementary to the EU federalist non-democratic shit-show. I realise this is because, if they had won, they needed to keep their place in the poker game but *somebody* needed to come out and go off-message with more cynical reasons to vote in. William Hague would have been perfect, as he is leaving politics anyway so what would it matter to him if it made him a pariah in the EU and unemployable in UK politics for that reason? A cynical argument could have persuaded many people who, like me, felt a strong *strong* urge to say FUCK YOU to the dick-heads who think that it is acceptable to run the EU the way they do but, unlike me, thought the best way to achieve that was to vote leave.  and perhaps I was wrong. I was assuming that if, after a close vote, the many promises made by remain were proven to be false, there would surely be another referendum and an out vote, meaning that to go nuclear this time was premature. but perhaps this was indeed the last chance to escape the federal project, in which case the collective wisdom would have got it right. unlike a general election, however, we are dealing with "foreigners" who most English people don't really understand culturally. this lack of an "informed" gut I think may fuck with the foundations upon which the soundness of our democratic decisions lie.   I think that most leave politicians' base reasons for wanting to leave are the sovereignty/democratic angle, however much they may siphon bull-shit down the dog-whistle about immigration to get lazy votes.
I went to Fiji
look at you- I can't even *write* that amount on an anonymous Internet comment without the companies spying on my connection giving the info to debt collectors that I have more money than I said
disclaimer: i voted remain  the thing is we are big enough that they will still have to listen to us/take us into account. who knows we might do quite well with an army of lobbyists
&gt; I haven't seen him play, but usually a low ranked player has some major problems with their game, such as being a slow mover (but hard hitter), a steady guy (without much power), a style of play that doesn't bode well for high ranks (serve and volley).  he used to be too fat. still is tubby for a tennis player, but he is in much better shape now
It has the electrolytes that plants crave- which is really hot   Edit: really? My first gold and top comment for this?! That film was a documentary, clearly. But thanks, I suppose...  Edit 2: btw if your pee has electrolytes that means you are diabetic  edit 3: ok no it doesn't I'm full of shit
yeah, it's a matter of taste- I'm not disputing that JDF is a really super singer. He is the type of singer that would usually have and would usually now sing fille du regiment. what made Pav's exciting though was that he wasn't that type of singer so the C's were a bigger deal.   Personally, I can only get *so* excited over a leggiero tenor/ tenore di grazia, I'm afraid, *even* when they are as excellent as JDF.
I read "thinking" intead of hiking for a moment lol
get her listening to some Mario Lanza and Kathryn Grayson.  If you want to hear what a young girl with a well developed unforced technique can sound like check this video of Beverly Sills https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YAz2HgSZaDs   Beverly Sills went on to have a big career as a real opera singer. it's a different thing from the "popera" stars who get exploited as children and encouraged to make a somewhat fake sound which doesn't lead anywhere and then get dumped when they aren't cute little girls any more- it's like one of those sick texas beauty pageants. so please don't do that to her, especially if she has talent... :-)  If she really wants to sing opera she should learn the languages (Italian/German/French) properly and take some piano lessons at this point. Singing needs to be done within a context of developing a real musicianship and feeling. pretty much all the decisions made in the modern opera world are stupid and unfair and made by tone-deaf morons so it's a good idea to have other options in case it doesn't work out. nothing good comes from pursuing it in a desperate way.  Anyhow, best of luck- hope she has a happy time discovering her voice at least :-)
now *I'm* upset
you can say "I've never smoked a cigarette in my life"
Seriously I returned a brand-new macbook last year because it was slow as shit and couldn't reliably come back out of standby. It was the one that still had a DVD writer built in and I think they had fucked it by updating without giving a shit whether it still actually worked. I had been looking forward to getting a Mac for my laptop for years but it had so many stupid software problems that I was very disappointed. Eg the native browser wouldn't show the (electronic) page numbers on a PDF. Sorry apple if you think they spoil the look but *I need to know which fucking pages to order to the printer*
On water you can get swans to back off by splashing them with a paddle. They don't like it...
OK, here's my true story: also not long after Ace Ventura came out, my wife and I veered off the road during a thunderstorm and popped our tyre on the curb. Out of nowhere a stranger pulled up and insisted on changing our tyre in the rain while we stayed warm and dry in the car.
what is that? I use chrome
the brick's keep breaking. and your diagram doesn't help- I want to *speak* Trumpese as promised- I understood it already anyway. I want to have words as good as President Trump.
he's gone- you'll have to follow me instead
one grandparent might have had a sex change
I spend it on a pack of doritos
I've had incredibly rude service outside of paris. but I don't begrudge it. My initial comment was probably missing a "sometimes"
Lol you had to use a throwaway to praise trump...   Edit: lol I got downvoted for no reason. It *is* praise to say that he is doing what he does with intention and intelligence, whether you like what he does or not or not. I was commenting thon the climate that requires the guy to use a throwaway to say that, not saying trump was good or bad. My point is proved by the downvoted to this post.   I do personally think he is in actual fact bad, but I thought he would win and won money on it. So I suppose you'd all better downvoted me now, so that you can protect others from my disturbing opinion.
Speaking as a cock-owner I dislike the implication that being a cocksucker devalues your statements. Please do not discourage those who might feel inclined to suck cocks from doing so by blaming your failings on an entirely unrelated practise.
come on guys there's no serious tag so let's give some proper advice!  tip one: before you do it go into the bathroom and fart as *hard* and *long* as you possibly can so that you have no fart left during sex. don't worry if she hears it- this is what most men do so unless it's her first time too she'll just be impressed that you know what you are doing- the louder the better
I've redistributed my grandparents to Corbyn- how many banners have *you* sewn?
I like to eat, honey
I never played this game or heard of Jagex before now but I want to jump on this hate-train. He sounds just as bad as the r/history mods.
I, er, thought they *were* m&amp;M's anyway. haven't seen it recently- just going from my childhood memory
hi, I get off on this, can you continue pls?
yaknow, I've read all these sensible answers relating harrowing experiences, noble reasons and all but personally I quit primary because a) I just can't stand working with the little shits they do my fuckin' head in, and b) most of the staff do my head in much worse than the kids- i mean, jesus, where do they fucking find these people?!?!??   secondary still ok tho lol
can't lie on the internet, man...  (tbf it's got a lot better recently- andy, if you're reading this pls don't be mad...)
I have footache and a bipolar gut which veers between constipation and diarrhoea only instead of shitting normally
can't. need hotkeys that won't work in linux otherwise I would be using it already- I had it previously and like it.  Also I don't think that it is that easy if they are not already on the same network as me. But please don't prove me wrong by hacking the fuck out of my computer from this reddit post just to make a point!  I don't think there's really anything sensitive on this computer anyway- I do all my e-mail through gmail and I don't save passwords in the browser.  my virus-checker *is* up-to-date so I hope that would pick up a keylogger or whatever
meh, but nobody else on my network bruv...
I feel really sorry for him
spelt porridge with butter and grated cheddar. plus maybe an egg
to be fair the enlightenment was inspired by reading the classics so it is a good way to be able understand our culture more deeply. speaking as someone who did Latin and dropped it at the first opportunity. hated languages at school but would have done latin over French if it had been acceptable alternative for Uni requirements at the time.  I don't think it should be compulsory, but why shouldn't state school students have the chance to do Latin?
well it was in the 90's.
