Yeah, I'm in the same spot, I don't want to pay for more than I am getting.
Sorry, I should of clarified. Thank you for that.
I really look forward to fighting a guild hall full of mordrem on my own. I'll make my own challenging content!
Correct, and I don't know how the guild bank will be handled. I was simply providing a source.
Have a level 80, go to the silverwastes, do events to earn bandit crests, buy keys from the vendor in camp resolve, look in the lfg tool (hit y and go to the second tab down) for a chest train group, "join in the silverwastes", follow commander, press f to loot, repeat. (this isn't the best explanation but I'm on mobile)
I have 3 and a personal guild with the first and second upgrades. This gives me 90 slots for account bound items (my bank) and 150 slots for non-account bound items (guild bank) such as materials or tonics.
Noir  Edit: I should mention that it's more important that you enjoy your writing than it is to follow what others want.
I believe he usually uses reddit, but I think he has blocked the site from his computer for the most part, so probably no where at the moment. (see [dialing down](http://www.cgpgrey.com/blog/dialing-down))  He did once mention that he was interesting in following http://fivethirtyeight.com/since it was created by Nate Silver, so it would be interesting to see what his thoughts are now.
Hahaha! I didn't even think about that, but yes, I might have a conflict of interests.
I think I'll be going with this one. I just hope that the OSX version is released soonish.
What VPN option would you suggest for a student who can't afford Cloak?
Correct, but I don't recall you mentioning a book. (It's entirely possible that I am wrong though).   Also, congrats on 2 million!
&gt;Me and a friend just downloaded GW2, if we were to spawn near each other, we just need to pick the same server and race? We'll probably go with different professions.  yes, pick the same server, but you don't need to pick the same race, because you will start with one waypoint in each starting zone unlocked  &gt;All I hear about survivability in this game is dodge, can someone link me a good guide or a video demonstrating how useful it is? (I'd search it myself but I'm on mobile for a few hours.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0QJTwWY3tAE  also, go ahead and turn off the "double tap a wasd key to dodge" feature and just learn to dodge with v or whatever you want to bind it to because it's just going to mess you up.   &gt;We usually play by ourselves, with just the two of us, how likely are we to hit wall where we will need more people? And probably when?  Well I would say   1. dungeons, but no one really plays those anymore, so the next thing would be   2. fractals, which you can use the LFG tool (press y) for at least the first half of fractal levels, so you're probably fine for a while on those (this is at level 80 btw)  3. guild activities, which need way more than 2 people, but I recommend you just find a guild to join (/r/guildrecruitment is a good spot, but you can wait till 80 to join)  4. raids, which need 10 people than all know what to do and can talk over ts/skype/mumble/discord/whatever (this assumes you have HoT and also you won't even be able to run a raid right at 80 so don't worry about it)  tl;dr honestly, not for a long, long time
I have the day off and so far I've just been reading.   10:30am
They will absolutely be able to retrieve your account, I've switched email before and it wasn't a problem at all. I would say expect a response either today or tomorrow depending on how busy support is.   Also, this is the perfect place for a quick question like yours.
I haven't personally experienced this so I'm not sure, the next time it happens, check your Internet connection.
Glad to help, let me know if you have any other questions, I know way to much about this game.
Big Wes Anderson fan, The Grand Budapest Hotel and The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou are both really good. I like David Fincher, Zodiac might be my favorite of his. I do really need to see more Edgar Wright movies, I've only seen Scott Pilgrim and Ant-Man. (I don't think I actually knew Ant-Man was by him at the time) Favorite movies of mine include The Departed, Silence of the Lambs, Schindler's List, Dead Poets Society, Good Morning, Vietnam, and I'm stopping there because I would probably spend way to much time just listing movies.  I haven't read anything by Dawkins, but I hear good things. Right now I'm reading House of Leaves by Mark Z. Danielewski, American Gods by Neil Gaiman, and Superintelligence by Nick Bostrom.
If you want to watch a genuine play through, Dunkey isn't what you want, but if you are looking to laugh your way through the whole video, go watch Dunkey.   For educational channels I watch CGP Grey, Vihart, Kurzgesagt, Smarter Every Day, Minute Physics, Minute Earth, Objectivity, Veritasium, VSauce, and Every Frame a Painting.
I'm looking forward to the WWDC were Apple can tell me how outdated all my stuff is. But seriously, I do hope they announce some cool stuff.
I was actually just recommended Her Story yesterday, so I'll request that one.
I just noticed someone has a rainbow, how did they get that one?
Well I don't like heights so that's probably why I don't like looking at it.
Mine's quite a bit more active so it must just depend on the server.
I've seen all of black mirror, that's a great show!
I want to go watch that again now.
It was great because the book is a wonderful experience, and I went in really worried that the film wouldn't be able to match it. But it was clear pretty quickly that Hugo had no problem matching the magic of the book.
He's done this twice, at the Royal Society and when they counted votes. I can just say as someone that listens to a lot of podcasts though that you can tell when people are at the same mic. There's always more "mistakes" or other sounds one person makes while another is talking that just can't get edited out like you could with separate recordings.
He's not talking about switching to PCs from macs, he's just saying he would get one to play VR one. Nothing is being switched.
Thanks for taking the time to respond :)
I try to do something that will take my mind off of it (or keep me up until I'm so tired that even being creeped out can't keep me awake). I'd say the first option is a better one. Any favorite hobbies?
I didn't know that (he's not a youtuber I follow super closely), but I can't say I'm surprised at all.
No it's not entirely true, because I'm not Michael and I have no real idea how he spends his time. I'm just making an educated guess based on what other youtubers have said.
I don't doubt that in the future (probably the very near future), some people will spend a large portion of their life in VR, just as many people today spend much of their life in front of a computer. I know I do. But there are others that just aren't interested. The idea of VR won't capture their imaginations as much as traveling to mars will or summiting the tallest mountains in the world or becoming a person of power in the government. Today, some people dedicate their lives to creating artificial worlds and digital workspaces, but I don't believe everyone will flock to VR. There's plenty of reasons to stay right here in this world.
The future of humanity is endlessly interesting. Unfortunately, most people I know don't seem super interested in this.
For me, not having to compete with other players for rewards is a great design feature. In other MMOs seeing another player often means it will be harder for me to get what items I want, but in Guild Wars 2 everyone gets credit or rewards on an individual basis. Another player is a good sign because they'll only be helping.  Although there are no mounts, this game uses a waypoint system which means you can go anywhere you've already been in seconds. It's a great system.  The end game content focuses on fashion rather than stats. It's very easy to get top level armor that is good enough for any open world PvE area. You'll have to but in a bit more work if you are looking to do Raids or high level fractals (a type of dungeon), but mostly late game is making your character look cool. Also, picking a race will affect your personal story, but none have any in game advantage over the others.   Leveling is mostly done through events that just happen in the world. You're never going to have a list of quests that you need to complete, just wander around and do what looks interesting. If an area is too easy, just head to a different area.   The combat is a lot of fun. There's a lot to learn, but each profession has unique mechanics and the weapons you pick determine what attacks you will have. There's also a dodging mechanic that you have control over, and a big part of combat is learning when to attack and when to move out of the way so you don't get destroyed.    Everything gives you xp. Chopping down trees, reviving other players (oh, yeah everyone can revive everyone else), crafting, just exploring the maps, and the usual killing stuff and completing events.  There's probably more, but it's hard to think of everything.
Because I have alts that are parked in hard to reach areas that are also max leveled in crafting. Crafting stations in WvW meant that I could craft on these characters without needing to move in PvE.
Honestly, I'm not sure because I have an mmo mouse, but I know that most of my friends use the keyboard buttons and get along fine.
Well I don't play any of those games (although I have played a tiny bit of LoL a while back), but I do read quite a bit and I'm a pretty big fan of space. What other books do like or what books are you reading right now?
Well I've read both Artemis Fowl and the Inheritance cycle, but that was a while ago so I'm guessing there's an age difference here and what I currently read might not be the best recommendation. I usually read either sci-fi, fantasy, or nonfiction. Right now I'm reading American Gods by Neil Gaiman.
I'm not sure I could narrow it down to one. The Chronicles of Narnia were probably the best books I read as a kid. More recent favorites include The Great Gatsby, To Kill a Mockingbird, Dune, 2312, Fahrenheit 451, The Things They Carried, and The Book Thief.
Thanks, I forgot about that
Alright just checking, I haven't listened in a while
I'm from the US and the regal theater by me offers coffee
I've been kicked from fractal groups because of LA loading times
Depends how much karma you have. I was making 93k karma a day with all the buffs I had on.
I have this problem on my laptop because of the screen size using Chrome. It's only on my user page which includes saved and saved - res buttons and that makes this happen.
I honestly don't like the neon blue color. I went with grey, when I get another pair (I'll need 4 once Mario Kart is out) I'll go with red.
[I totally agree, I always feel like I'm missing out.](/r/MegaMegaMonitor/wiki/encrypted "-1:U2FsdGVkX1856cBOv7D0h6WAB7QDo7E2ubMQ5qqFpJgShwECTO1PC1HEp/syDcHT")
As a TS user I know full well what DDOS is, there's no need to be condescending. But unless I missed a major overhaul of discord it doesn't even support subchannels. I know you can technically get it to work, but the TS I use for GW2 is for the entire WvW server not just my guild. Discord simply isn't build to handle that. There's not enough emphasis on the voice channel structure and too much focus on text chat.  Don't get my wrong, there's a ton of great things about Discord, it's so much better in so many ways than TS. It's perfect for small groups, but it just isn't build for how my guild (and everyone else on the server) uses it.
