Yep. In my experience unless they're a genuine aromantic the women who say this are fooling themselves
You're right. I'm aromantic. Which means I can apply some sense to the absurd addiction worship that is romantic relationships.
Australia. None at all, although we don't have a national curriculum (yet)
We aren't uncomfortable, we don't *want* to. If we talk to someone it's either in an official setting or after an introduction from a  mutual acquaintance.   Perhaps one day North America will develop the proper respect for peace and quiet.
Thankfully I've not had this situation happen. I tell people I have neither the inclination nor the compulsion to date, and then they seem envious.   Aromanticism isn't really a difficult concept, I suspect your uncle just has some general empathy problems.
Becoming an aromatic, as opposed to being born one, is a thing (it happened with me), but I'm not sure that's what you're going through.  The simple fact is that you're still trying to find yourself. I think trying to label yourself at this point is probably causing more harm than good. Just take some time and let things mellow.
I love hugging, but I will avoid kissing like the plague
Try to get to as safe a place as possible and just generally do whatever I have to to protect them.
I'm perfectly okay with no human contact for the rest of my life
Only ever did it once, and that's only because I didn't have access to my computer
I deal with it fine. My parents are good people and I was raised in a nice place. Yes they sometimes messed up as parents, and I sometimes messed up as a son, but by and large we're a healthy family.
"Will you go out with me?"   "No."  She was moderately attractive
Formal wear and semi-formal outdoors wear.  I love tall boots and jackets but unfortunately it's way too hot here in Australia
She was 17, ethnically Fijian, fat with zero shape to her. 3/10. Plenty of shame afterwards.  She was my friend, turns out she was crushing on me very hard. One night I was over at her house and she got me *very* drunk, to the point I couldn't stand up straight, then we had sex.  After that every time she texted me she started calling me "boo" so I noped out of there.
I've got a bone to pick with you!
You only need two minutes?   It takes me two hours to find the right porn sometimes, masturbating all the while
5 or 6 on a good day
About 780 gigs   Since 2011
It never gets 'stuck' no matter how much hair I have. So I don't have to trim the hair there, I just do it for neatness.
My dick
Well I'm from Australia, so not exactly next door
Never, it's easier to just fully unbutton my pants and pull them down a bit
When I stopped feeling sorry for myself and just got on with life
What do I have to pay for you to never look at me like that again?
Get out of our home
Most of the bartenders from my local pub are women. All kind, funny people but then I'm from a town where everyone knows everyone.   In cities I never talk to bartenders, male or female.
Make myself 6'2". Only 5'10" and it sucks. Also a decent hairline would be great
When you say not an issue do you mean I'm filthy rich or do you mean I just have enough to live on?   If it's the latter I'd do gay stuff for a lot of money.
Germanic white  White, but they're really the only people around my area
Koala claws hurt like hell and are extremely sharp.
Pain. Chronic, intense, long term pain. For obvious reasons I think.
My nuts just retracted inside my body in terror
Friends and a job are under your control.
Lol my bad thought it was /r/goats
Really, really long hair. Hip-length long.   Also a thick single braid.
That's awesome that you found someone you can connect with in that way. It's why I want to help more aromantics come together because the dynamic is just so ideal.   I'd love to chat by the way if you're interested
I'm not a woman
In my experience people only have a problem with those who try to erase the whole notion of biological gender and treat gender as a multicoloured pick n' mix bag. Hence the attack helicopter copypasta.
I can and do, but I like the personal touch of the gonewild subs, especially gonewildaudio
Always. It allows me to talk for longer, do other things at the same time, and think properly about what I want to say. It's also better for my overseas friends because they can proofread their English.
I don't normally. I'd have to go searching for a really sad animal movie if I wanted to but then why would I want to?
Boss on other servers then, duh. I'm also an Australian player, and just log into other worlds
I'm a fan of reworks too, certainly. I'd love to see a Construction one.  I'm also fascinated by the "healing the world" type skill that Mod Timbo floated by at Runefest. It would be a great way to revitalise old areas, and it would be so cool if it was a type of Time Magic.
Jewish mother Greek father Catholic religion
I don't know how much customisability it could really have, I would probably just make mine mostly to look like a pretty area rather than for slayer monsters.  In general I'd like a bit of a slayer dungeon rework to make them more spacious and natural. Places like the Fremennik Slayer Dungeon are just weird that they're a series of small rooms with one kind of creature in them, rather than a spacious cavern with multiple small groups of various creatures in appropriate spots
Already part of the suggestions for 120 slayer, but I'd very much like to give myself endless edimmu tasks
Nope I do the same. Even though I know it doesn't affect anything I get that reaction. Probably a leftover from other skills where it does matter
Good god. I got mine at about 30 attempts with 80 or so invention. Feel bad for you man
Damn don't remind me. That's gonna suck
I'd love to download the OST too. Hell last night I had the Telos music in my head cause it's just so cool
