I just watch a movie or browse reddit in bed until I fall asleep. If I'm not sleepy I keep on watching / browsing until my eyes are heavy. Same thing right?
So, what's the update? You single OP?
Thanks for your response, that makes me feel better.
She was tied up and crying though...
The best deodorant I've ever used. Doesn't stop the sweating, but I can have a full active day without any smells. It's such a relief that even though I'm crazy sweaty there's no scent.
How do they upkeep the roots? That would be my only anxiety in coloring my hair.
You're lucky, it's always someones bag or privates for me :-/
Aha!!! I just started watching GoT!! I got this joke!!! I got it!!
I bought one for $375 off CL (NY), I love mine but I prob used it under 10 times.
Well not in my adult years, but when I was in HS I followed my best friend who I had a crush on to his Catholic youth group. I guess I thought it would bring us closer together. I only stayed for a couple years, most of the people our age stopped going once they turned 18 anyway. But we are great friends still (10 years later), and I joke about that with him still. We never got in a relationship, just ended up being best friends :)
Mine usually leaks the first couple days, not sure why. Especially when I get up from my sleep, some seeps out and it's not even FULL :(
Been there! Makes you not want to sleep and savor the curly goodness. If you're lucky, it will look even better waking up.
I just browsed through that sub and left deeply disturbed. Those posts are downright uncomfortable :/
That's so messed up :( hope she gets him back soon.
My weakness...
My pos iphone will die at 33%, but usually only when it's extremely cold outside.
I think you're the lady I was speaking to about color a while back. I'm scared to take that permanent plunge since my hair is just starting to be healthy again (lots of bleaching in the past). I was always curious if there's a certain style of coloring that looks good even with new growth? Something that won't look as odd if the user decides not to re-color again. The only thing I can think of is some sort of an ombre....
I need that skill.
I had the same problem with att locked iPhone. Att has a unlock request website and they unlocked it in under 2 mins no joke. Now only if T-Mobile would push that port along...
Yeh and my second toe is longer so only that one will be peeking. Not cute :(
I know an all you can eat spot for $20 a person but no drinks. Best sushi I ever had in the most unsuspecting neighborhood. Good luck!
I think the curry scent is more about it being stuck on your clothes than your body. One of my friends is Indian and he regularly smells like curry because his mom cooks it all the time. But it's his clothes not like his skin haha.
My heart hurts for those shoes, does he have no idea?!
Goddamit, I haven't had my ref used in so long :'(
I know so many dealers I could make a fortune but they're cool people / friends, I won't turn them in.
When you're interested in someone and have to ask if they have kids :(
Damn I hate surprise snow, but I'm in NYC so I could easily hop on a train if it's that bad. I'm guessing you don't have that option so you'll have to ride very carefully and slowly.
Dude you just changed my life. Now I need some friends to pull this off.
No longer than 30 mins thankfully. I rarely take the subway to encounter any serious delays. But I have waited over an hour for a train once at like 4am haha. Never again.
Oh I didn't know you eat it... Damn I'm a pervert :-/
Seriously? I'm 28 and just learning this.
Cuny ftw! Love that I have no loans/debt (yet). Nursing school I'll prob have to take out a loan.
Ha that's pretty much my hair but mine is below shoulders. Happy that someone appreciates the curly fro!
They can use a hair pick to fro it out more. Some already have that texture so doesn't take much to get that volume. Mine is too curly :(
I was thinking getting a rack similar to that. What's the best way to keep stuff from flying off? A net and bungee cords? I still can't decide between a front or rear rack tho...
Word I could never not have a break and want to smack anyone who tries to tell me to take it out. Sometimes my knees hurt and I can't skid all the time.
Fack can we do another weekend? Me and my bf would be down. Just that his car got damaged so he can't drive. He's preparing for a month long Appalachian hiking trip in a couple months too.
I think the oil build up on the blade would bother me. I use a safety razor right now.
Gonna do a test of Shea butter all over then seal with Vaseline.
I won't be at my computer until Monday but I saved your google drive link. Please don't delete the files from Google as yet!!!
Welcome to NY! I get anxiety whenever I have to ask the station agent a question.
Hey what's your IG? maybe we can explore on my days off/after work. I've been shooting for about 10 years. I'm more into street/documentary and some long exposure/night scenes.
I wish it was in lower manhattan closer to my job :(
Nyer, street photography, in the moment kind of stuff, lots of food. @bikesnbacon
Dude I feel drunk just looking at those photos. Shit made me dizzy lol.
Fuck yes. What am I supposed to do after that? We might be friends but this kills the relationship.
Yah, that's how my neighbor died. I was really close to him too, he was always in my apt chatting it up. But he got really sick 2 years ago and just dropped dead. No one heard from him, fam out of state, no answer to his door. I just thought he was out of town. Eventually it started to smell and we couldn't blame the garbage anymore...worst day of my life :(  Sidenote, I've been thinking of volunteer programs that do a check in neighbors just for an hour to see if they need help with fixing anything, groceries, cleaning, just someone to talk to. I can't imagine the loneliness :-/ But then some humans suck and might take advantage of people (steal or abuse them). But if there's a prog like that in my hood I'll be down to do it. Maybe something needs to be started...
That's what the boombotix speakers are for! I bike everyday in NY with them.
Damn if I wasn't working tonight I would have been down. Good looking out though!
That cat has a better ombré than me
