Source: every skinnyfat who thinks they can "eat whatever they want and not get fat."    I was one of them once.
Same here.  Took a while to come around and get used to a new guy there, but damn, Cory is great at calling a baseball game.
my car explodes?
Does a vasectomy count?  If so, me.
I would have gone crazy.  I had plenty of time after work to snuggle with my baby.
Yeah, I cut out the regular soda 10-12 years ago and I can barely make it through a can anymore.  Between the overwhelming sweetness and the realization of how much sugar I'm ingesting, I just can't do it.
I make no money and pay $1,000/month for this gigantic pickup.  What do?
I'm in a profession full of wealthy, white, generally conservative Christian men.  You wouldn't believe how often I read shit like "the white Christian man is the only person you can legally persecute in this country!"    These are people who've never seen an ounce of persecution in their fucking lives.  I know, I'm one of them, minus the conservative Christian part.  Being a white guy in this country is still like winning the genetic lottery.
&gt;Somehow not being able to persecute others is in itself persecution?  God, exactly right.  My own sister was bitching about it on Facebook yesterday, saying shit like "don't hate me for my opinions!"  And it's like, bitch, you guys as a group voted to prohibit a group of people from getting married even though their marriage doesn't affect you one bit.  And somehow she's the one who's feeling hated.  It's mind blowing.
Yeah, no shit.  This went from "my dad moved it and is kind of a jerk" to "i'm aborting his baby".  She yada-yada-d a lot of the story.
that time I actually raised my hand in class
I've called the people where I'm from much worse, so wouldn't bother me a bit.
Me too, man. Sucks. And then the "why are you turning so red?!" comments making a bad situation worse. I'm able to mostly control it now just because I'm not in those situations as much any more, but it's always lurking there.
Mostly lifestyle modification, like I alluded to. It was much worse when I was in school, forced into group settings, group projects, speeches, etc, etc. Now that I'm out, I started a business, my own boss, and am just not in those situations much any more.   But yeah, no magic pill or anything unfortunately.
My name's not exam, you ass!
Been facing it for the last 10 years.
same here. Can't live without it now. Also have a similar app, Twilight , I think, on my phone.
&gt;I can indeed hate on hipsters for the PBR train. I think PBR is somewhat decent and used to be my go-to for cheap beer.  Same here, although I hate sounding like a "I liked it before it was cool" guy. I didn't necessarily like it, it was just my go to cheap beer.
&gt;I have zero actual personality!" they are nice to look at though i cant lie. Edit: If all you do is eat healthy and go to the gym you're probably boring.  I was with you until this. I hate this concept that being fit requires 24/7 attention and that being in shape means you're some kind of meatheaded moron. Believe it or not a decent diet doesn't require that much work and working out three or four hours a week isn't that time consuming.
Me too.  Was told if you want to go to college you better work in high school to pay for it. So that's what I did. Just thought that was normal. I was wrong.
I grew up there. I moved away for a while and lived in a forested area that more traditionally beautiful. I hated it. Made me claustrophobic. Couldn't wait to get back to those big corn fields.
same here. Also on SSD. Load times are tripled and frame rate is cut in half.
ok,figured i'd try. For whatever reason that one stupid thing fixed all my problems. Good luck!
Yeah, I've got five within an hour of me that run weekly shows and one more that runs four-five shows a year. It's pretty great.
I grew up on a farm so I totally get it.
My buddy is a marriage like this and is miserable. I think it's time you put your foot down. She doesn't want you getting a room to stay over night? Tough shit. She's going to have to deal with it.   Time for her to grow up or you better start looking for an exit plan. Living with someone like this would be awful.
You don't need one that plays games, just one that realizes that you enjoy them so you should play them. I play all the damn time, especially during the shitty winters here, and my wife never says a thing about it. She knows it's how I relax.
I never really thought much about it until I'd read stories about controlling significant others on reddit. I just assumed rational behavior when it came to this was normal. Haha.   Anyway, today I bailed out of a  family function with my inlaws and spent the morning overclocking my CPU and then the afternoon watching football and playing video games. And none of it was a problem with her.
yeah, my lab had access to the yard whenever he wanted and he'd regularly go out and nap in the sun when it was below zero.
So wake up early and do it. Or you work out one night while wife watches kids and then switch it up the next day.
Yeah, I worked those 60-70 hour weeks in a hot-as-balls factory back in college. That's all it took to know I wanted no part of that shit for the rest of my life.
Got mine for $25 off Amazon. Best $25 I ever spent.
&gt;Also a lefty. Teams will always shift you to pull so figure out how to shoot em out to left just over/by the 3b, you can usually walk to second. I did this my first few years now I dont care how they play me I just try to hit the ball as hard as I can.  See, I don't get this. Lefties in our league always try to go opposite field and it's so weird to me. Most teams have their worst outfielder out in right field. Generally it's the guy who can't catch or throw. Not to mention that hitting to right is an inherent advantage anyway.   I think a lot of lefties overthink this stuff because of "the shift", which is really just a normal defensive placement that's the opposite of what it would be for a righty.
I hit the local dirt tracks. Have several within about an hour. They cost about $10 and have little traffic. Plus the racing is better anyway.
Our country sucked so hard we had to flee! Let's turn this new country into the old one!
Jesus Christ, I am so happy I bailed off the Bernie train six months ago.
I woke up yesterday to like 20 posts on the front page about Grimmie. 50 people die last night? Only posts from this subreddit on the front page.
We've got plenty of coats to go around. Come on over.
My family is Christian and spews hate, no doubt. They do not, however, spew bullets.
It absolutely does make sense to point out who's the worst. We do this all the time. We don't treat all crimes as being the same just because theyre all crimes.   The fact of the matter is that life for gays and atheists in a Muslim country is MUCH more dangerous than in Christian America.   And FWIW I'm an atheist, not a Christian apologist by any means. I'm just tired of this nonsense where we all pretend that everything is the same.  It's not.
She'd report you HR for being too white.   Well, me at least cuz I'm really white and am unable to understand anything because of it.
Same here. I so fucking sick of people bitching about brigading. Is it really a big surprise that people from the most active political candidate subreddit MIGHT spend time on this one too? Absolutely shocking, I know.   edit: OMG i'm getting downvoted when will reddit stop the brigading!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Hey, hey, whoa there buddy. You think putting a post in a hole is easy? Almost any real world job takes a lot more skill than it would seem. It took me months to get good at putting posts in holes.  You in your ivory tower have no idea how real jobs work.
You obviously don't work in health care.
That's the thing, just take care of the damn car and they'll probably run a long time, no matter what the make. I drove an old Taurus up to 230k before I finally unloaded it and it was running great to the end. Rarely ever put any money in it.
Haha, same here. Wife's parents just dropped $60k on a new car. My folks have never spent over $10k. Both of our vehicles are paid off. I like my way better. Wife does too.
I always save them for evening golden hour. Take a nice shit on the lawn. A little framing and that warm lighting, you can't go wrong.
Mine just did a couple weeks ago. I definitely never approved anything. Just turned it on one day and it was updated. Bricked the one goddamn program I used that computer for too.
This is more or less how every relationship I had started out. Including the one with with my now wife. Managed to have girlfriends and a wife without ever asking anyone out.
Same problem. The holidays are an absolute nightmare. Constant running around to different family obligations. Yeah, I get a couple days off work, but spending that time with fifty of my extended family is some shitty rec center isn't exactly a day off. I feel like I need a week of vacation.
