Last time I locked my beater outside my brother's place overnight (Wilson Ave. L stop) nothing was taken, even though I only used a single U through the frame. But someone used a boxcutter to split the seat in half...
We were nice and toasty in the tent with a 15° overnight low, but the condensation was thick by morning. We would have been cold if we tried a second night as our bags were pretty damp. Any advice?
Thanks, that's a good tip!  I've basically been watching the [Forest Service webcam](http://www.fsvisimages.com/fstemplate.aspx?site=DOSO1) and went out at the first indication of snow. If only this blizzard had come a week earlier!  That weekend (Jan 8-10) was great up on Old Rag, though. The rain  kept the crowds away and made the scrambles a lot more interesting.
I have the same experience: in my recollection, I've never met anyone that would express something so heinous as "she deserved it," or even something like "it's okay to go to bed with a woman who's black-out drunk" which even a few years ago wasn't as widely a vilified sentiment as it is today.   But I recently found out that a friend of mine who I've known for years was (is) a hardcore racist who genuinely thinks that black folks are less human than he is. Full-on stormfront shit. You can say I should have known, but I didn't. And I'm not insensitive to these things, I think he was just very careful not to share any of his toxic ideas or thoughts with me. *For years.*  Anyway, I'm sharing that because it was an especially poignant object lesson that not everything about society can be directly informed by my daily experience. YMMV.
I mean, the [department of revenue sucks at collecting taxes](http://www.phillymag.com/news/2015/04/15/paying-taxes-philadelphia-optional/), and there's plenty of people who [think municipal departments are inefficient](http://www.phillyvoice.com/survey-how-does-philly-feel-about-philly/). But "the money will just get stolen" is such a common refrain on this sub, and yet I've still yet to see a single post making allegations of wide-spread theft on the order of millions of dollars.   Hell, even [Chakah Fattah](http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2015/07/congressman-chaka-fattah-indicted-on-racketeering-charges) didn't steal money from the _city_ (he took bribes, misused campaign donations for personal use, and tried to steer a federal grant to a donor).  I'm new to this sub/city and I'm just wondering if I'm missing anything or if it's store-brand American cynicism that just happens to be extra strong in /r/philadelphia.
64-years old and just as useful/goofy-looking.
Since I don't live in NJ anymore, *I* haven't been paying for shit... but I would love to see the Pulaski finished (and as a train and tunnel user, I'd prefer if the Port Authority weren't paying for that).   But the long and short of it is, the gas tax was too low to pay for all the needed road maintenance. So rather than increase the gas tax, the Transportation Trust Fund was created. The fund could issue bonds to fund large projects, and would be backed by revenue from the gas tax. But since the tax didn't increase, the fund eventually had to borrow more and more to do needed maintenance.   Now the fund is broke (surprise!). Covering up the problem by creating a debt-issuing entity didn't work. You just need to pay for roads.
Well if its any consolation, a lot of the gas tax &amp; toll revenue comes from people that just drive through NJ (like myself). Also, the downward shift in the sales tax should benefit you as well, unless you're doing a great job saving.  From a governance perspective, this is an excellent move. NJ has been fucking up transportation funding since Gov. Kean's days. For multi-year transportation projects, predictability is key. It allows you to do the required maintenance that saves money in the long run.
Following the ECG from NYC to DC back in 2011 I crossed the Susquehanna on US40 in Perryville, MD (which is very much not allowed). Got a big fat ticket for that one. Don't rely only on the ECG signs, there's still no legal way to cross the Susquehanna in MD on a bike.
Holy shit, I'm blown away. I've been telling this story for years. Officially retired.
... are they really cheaper in NJ? I don't smoke, I'm actually asking.
As a former New Jerseyan, this embarasses me. We're supposed to be the *no fun state* ^TM
None. Like I've been saying, it was about revenue. Kenney said it was about revenue, the whole time. Council passed it because it raised revenue for pre-k and park improvements, and now we're getting Pre-K and park improvements (plus some additional odds and ends outlined in the philly.com article).
&gt; "Dude, I'm on Blair and some other street... my car is fucked..."  Words to live by.  Also, sound on a security camera. Ballsy.
Homicide is ~~up~~ down, violent crime overall is down  Edit: [linked to an article from September, when YTD homicide was up](http://www.philly.com/philly/news/20160919_Why_is_Philly_s_homicide_rate_going_up_.html). My bad, I was at the dog park and my fingers were cold, so I was in a hurry. 2016 homicides were slightly down from 2015: [277 vs. 280](https://www.phillypolice.com/crime-maps-stats/).
28 years young. There goes my week...
&gt; Did you go on this passionately about "destroying lives" for Obama's record number of deportations   Yes. I wrote my congressperson.   But don't deflect: what do you have against undocumented aliens besides your apparent contempt for their foreignness?
David Gambacorta shows up here from time to time.
This really blows my mind. The broken pre-obamacare situation was so much worse than Obamacare... And it had been terrible for decades without the 'inevitable change.'   I don't even know what to say. People with insurance would hit lifetime maximums and get dumped halfway through Chemo. People who had been responsibly insured for years would get cancer and then insurance investigators would find some minor mistake on their original application to dump them high and dry. 7 million people got medicaid. Why is this preferable? Just to prove a point?
&gt; because you are forcing more cars to pass you.  This is something that I evaluate on every single block. I don't love being passed by cars in tight spaces, and *believe me* I'm trying to avoid it. I have to account for the distance to the next light, the light timing, and where I think cars in the line may be heading etc. Sure, sometimes I get it wrong and get passed by like 10 cars, but that's a mistake not intentional.  Rolling to the front of the line allows me to do a few things, first of which is to be seen by every single person in the line. True, you might miss me, but you certainly won't notice me if I'm two cars back.   Second, however, is one you may not be aware of. If I don't roll to the front of the line, and sit, mid-block at the back of the line, I'm going to get passed by the cars behind the last light. So sure, maybe I avoid getting passed by cars ahead of me, but I'm also gonna get passed by a bunch of cars coming from behind.
Access to the arts is a stand-in for culture. And this is a legitimate taste difference between people. The number one reason I'd never raise my kids in any of those places is the absolute cultural depravity. Variety is the spice of life, and those places are Stouffer's Mac and Cheese Cassarole. My parents, however, *love* places like that.
Feeling's mutual, friend. What else would I do afternoons at work if I didn't have you guys?
Yes and no. That partly solves the problem (the part about PPD wasting man hours chasing after regular people who haven't done anything). But it leaves the part about how undocumented aliens will never want to talk to police.   I just finished a book called "Ghettoside" about the role of detectives in preventing crime. People usually think of detectives as 'responding' rather than 'preventing' crime. But since so many violent criminals are repeat offenders, it turns out locking up the folks who are wont to commit murder is a really effective way at preventing murders.  My fear (and PPD's biggest fear) is that we get a repeat of what happened during the Secure Communities program, where victims or witnesses wouldn't talk to police out of fear that a simple warrant check (which cops do to everyone they meet) would get them detained and deported.  One additional thing to be aware of is that ICE detainers come in different flavors. The most common kind is a 'hold request' which is issued by an ICE agent and doesn't require probable cause or a sign-off from a judge. ICE can also issue warrants and criminal detainers, which PPD responds to.
Like, if I were Kenney? Or if I were in the administration?
I'm with you on no-knock warrants, but that needs to be addressed across the board. I feel like that's something we need a federal policy on, because some departments are going nuts.   I'm not going to lie, I think the need for a national gun registry is urgent. It is absolutely insane that people have made careers out of reselling guns to convicted criminals, but they have.   The *Washington Post* did [an investigation](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/10/23/AR2010102302994.html) a few years ago that found that a tiny number of gun shops in MD and VA were the source for the majority of guns used in crimes. One shop in MD (Realco) was the source for 2500 illegally-possessed guns, including 86 used in homicides.   The shop was complying with all the laws it had to, but the cops weren't able to trace the straw purchasers. That's fucked up.
Meeting again tomorrow at 2PM to protest Trump's unnecessary, ineffective, and bigoted ban on refugees and immigrants (including green card holders!) from Muslim-majority countries.
Hey, do you know when I get paid? I'm still waiting on those sweet Soros bucks...
I Can. I can, indeed.
All the salt on the sidewalk really got in my way.
I haven't gotten the final report yet, but I was planning to ask. The vinyl tile is on the 1st floor, stuck directly to the old pine plank subfloor, so if I encapsulate, I'm going to have to do both sides (both the top, and the basement ceiling). But for both cost and aesthetic reasons, I *really* want to expose and finish the old Southern Yellow Pine.  If I go the hardwood route, I'm definitely buying from [these guys, and I'm leaning towards the Hickory](http://www.hursthardwoods.com/store/Unfinished-Wood-Flooring/Domestic-Solid/Hickory/2-14-Hickory/). I hate the beveled edge look of pre-finished boards, and I don't mind doing the sanding. Plus, I like the look of the Common #3. Knots are in these days.  I keep hearing really good things about the trafficmaster vinyl, but I'm worried that in 10 years it will look like linoleum looks today, if you get my meaning.
Thanks, but I should have clarified, it's over a pine plank subfloor, so anything based on cement would crack up immediately.
Hah! I watched that guy's video like a week or so ago (before we found the asbestos trap). He has such a positive attitude!   Worst case scenario everything goes wrong and I lay out the money for hickory and a drum sander.
I went with an used washing machine rectifier/regulator for my old CB360. It was like $5 on ebay, performed much better than the stock.
Lol, this is why they call it Gen X. Everyone forgets... But according to my CEO, I'm a good-for-nothing millennial.
I remember when I was 13 I was *pissed* that I couldn't buy D12 model rocket engines in NJ.
My friend went to school with a girl named Chrystal Knight.   Yes, she was aware.
Can you find my old point &amp; shoot? I left it somewhere near the Great American Scream Machine back in '97. It's the one with a built-in zoom and panorama mode. Thanks!
I called one guy a racist once, and it was because he said the problem with NE Philly was "the junkies and the blacks." Literally, that dude is a racist.  I also told projectile_setback to go fuck himself yesterday, but he was way over the line, and it was after he told me to go fuck myself. I didn't call him a racist, he called himself a racist.  But mainly, if you can't handle discussion with people that disagree with you, that's not my problem, it's yours. Comparing me to a subreddit full of creative shitposters, while interesting, is dead-on-wrong. My meme skills are pretty much zip.   I'm happy to have meaningful disagreements with folks, and I have perfectly pleasant conversations with a lot of people on this sub. But people like you can't handle when I disagree with you and resort to the same bullshit charade of name-calling and pulling the victim card. As if somehow, by failing to buy into your lazy rhetoric, I'm cheating.  Grow the fuck up and make a reasoned argument. Use a logical framework and back it up with evidence. This is how adults talk.
I went to a better-ranked engineering school than you, and I can confirm it has nothing to do with the relevance of these comments or one's ability as an engineer. Wait, what are we talking about?
Former governor of Massachusetts
I had a roommate who grew up in Maine, and picked blueberries all summer. She'd had two melanomas by the time she was 30. Girl did *not* use sunscreen...
Saw what? If it was the sign for Blue Ball, that always gave me a chuckle on our way to Creation.
The AC at the Dew Inn works just fine!
I spent an inexcusable amount of time looking at that group photo for someone that looked like Templeton Peck...
Already did, ya goof. I post about this shit all the damn time:  * $14m for Boulevard of the Arts' masts * $18m in architecture, planning, &amp; design for the Provident Mutual Life bldg. in W. Philly  * Scott Brown's still-yet-unknown waste for the city council's veterans office  The problem is, I know more than you do. But in order to maintain your sense of superiority, you put up ideological blinders that block out evidence that might prove you wrong.   "Oh the city saved over $100 million year? That can't possibly be right, everything is corrupt always. La la la. Ego maintained."
Yup, I'm just an amalgam of whatever reductive click-baity stereotypes you need to shut down your critical thinking skills and react lizard-brain style. I've probably also said things like "true communism has never really been tried" and "why is an investigation needed, we should believe all women!"
&gt; Did you remove the downvote?  Yes, I literally downvoted you, but then *removed* the downvote, just so I could make an unverifiable claim to bolster my point. That's how deep I'm in this shit.   &gt; You are a partisan shill always trying to push talking points.  Says the guy who runs a walled garden trump-supporting sub, and squats on subs with any combination of "pennsylvania" and "democrat" just so other people can't use it.
&gt; Oh I know, and I have proof to prove it.  Do it. Show me your proof.  &gt; You are so angry that I have a subreddit that is helping better this state and you don't.  I'm enraged. Literally frothing at the mouth. I can't sleep at night. When I try to eat, my stomach is in knots. It's consuming me, this rage. I haven't been able to make love to my wife for weeks. All I can think about is how you have a subreddit and I don't. Oh how I wish I had my own subreddit. *If only I knew how to click that "Create your own subreddit" button on the front page!*  Dude, you called me a partisan shill. Get some perspective.
We're in Olde Kensington, but the truth about asbestos is that unless your home is newer than 1980, or has been gut reno'd since then, there's probably something with asbestos in it (insulation, vinyl tiles, popcorn ceilings, and drywall joint compound are most common). It's not dangerous unless some unscrupulous homeowner or contractor tore it out without using proper mitigation procedures (which is unfortunately super common).   The only way to know if you have contamination is if you do an air test. We had a contractor tear out a popcorn ceiling without testing for asbestos (fortunately, we it was post-1980, so it was fine). We recently discovered that a prior owner partially removed an asbestos tile floor before covering it with carpet (so, so dumb). Our air test came back clean, so that was also a lucky break. But knowing what I know now, I'd never buy a house without an air test first.
We looked at some amazing houses just north of Temple. Honest to god gems with original architectural details that make you want to cream your pants. Century-old plaster details, wrought iron fixtures, and mahogany-trimmed oak parquet floors. But there's no point in rehabbing them since the only market is for slumlords that can run it as a flophouse for gross students.
