I couldnt watch strike witches for this same reason.
I always kept some old laser tanks and a few hover tanks in the store rooms just in case that main squad is out scenario ever happened.
How could you miss that amazing instagram plug?  &gt;Thanks! Everyone has enjoyed it &amp; expressed support. Check out my hairdresser's instagram: instagram.com/kenziethehappyfairy/
I do.  Need Italian Amedeo Guillet commander.
Since that was how the first AC started I never played any of them. I really wish the animus was never a thing.
Dude i feel you. We're so middle road its ridiculous. Its like pic a side features, ugly or good looking. Not ugly enough to shun, not good looking enough to pursue.
Thats what I get for being old these days. Couldn't find it for less than about 30 cents a shot. Ammo has been in a shortage for what seems like forever now.
Give a GR 2 ancestor rings and throw high crit knives all day.  My GR is basically my stress control because she crits so often.
I started a SoK grind in the earliest part of the dungeon you could. Found the sword and continued with the game.  By the time I got out of there I had 4 swords.
Same here. Mr. Wilson you were a G with your last call for ice cream.
Mail order that bride. From what i hear you got about an 80% chance of those working.
I dunno I saw The Cure once and now I don't have cancer. I may not have had cancer before.
Thank you. That allowed me to find the specific video. You were right!  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=07S6rFgOSdg&amp;noredirect=1
I have a feeling there won't be a single prominent Bothan featured in that movie if they even have Bothans depicted at all. And I will be *pissed*. Bothan Commandos were legit.  -edit: Apparently that was DS2 instead of the first but Bothans still need to make a film appearance.
When you take your first shot and find out your scope is messed up, generally you can see in what direction it went off target. Then, if you're actually a good shot, you adjust and actually land the second shot right where you want it.
Which is perfectly fine. Do you consider yourself a marksmen of any sort?
Ive had that epiphany a few times in life. Its the same ones all vegans and vegetarians have. I've just consigned myself to never hang out with a cow. Cognitive dissonance. Animals are much smarter than given credit for, but remain delicious.
I only ever bought Halos for the split screen coop. But times change. Most of my friends dont live anywhere near me. As long as coop remains in some form, thats all that matters. Ill take an epic experience over local split screen.
A speeding ticket really can destroy lives taking a few hundred away from people who don't have much.
While I really want to agree, as I remember that boss fight in the lava pit I had to restart like 30 times, but it felt so so good beating that shit. Brought back memories of how gaming used to be in terms of having a level that was just difficult as shit.
Ive never heard of this subreddit till this recent drama. Now i see fat hate everywhere. Before: no exposure. Now: full, unwanted, hard to remove exposure.  Good job mods.
It used to be. Under the former owners.
As the sword is sorta what the game is all about you may wish to just stick to serious sam or doom. As i didnt have any issues with the game, but i used the sword.
Hyde and Foreman were best friends. Kelso was a funny idiot and Fez was a hanger on.   It's amazing to me how many people never had a friend like Hyde.
In 1v1 you arn't smurfing after 10 games. You're in the matchmaking.  I as a 3 time Prestige lvl 100, if I wanted to play noobs I can just mix in 1 different player into our team games and we get 10 new games against new people.
Not really. The sale includes a boat plus a mainland boat dock.  I imagine you wouldn't want to live there all the time either. I can fit damn nears a week worth of food supplies in a simple backpack.  Get a water reclaiming system set up and you just eliminated 90% of the weight of a resupply.
It doesn't happen often, but just to brighten your day sometimes when a USF soldier lies dying and wounded, you can hear him say "momma.." right before he expires.
My 2 favorite games right now are Gnomoria and Ark: Survival Evolved.  Both early access. Ive sunk hundreds of hours into both. No regrets.  Ark is pretty damn amazing. It puts Rust and Day Z to shame. And it actually gets updated.
Id like to try it out myself before i confirm anything
It was 1000 because I have the emails direct to the developer telling him 1000 is too high. So, yeah. I dont think you can convince me otherwise having such definitive proof.
Our base was in the middle of the map. On a river. Funny enough it was the hardest to find. Everybody else built in that cool canyon or mountaintop or easily defended XYZ. We just built right there at the river's edge. Other people got smashed. We had 20 dino's including 3 rexes, 2 spinos, and 2 brontos that had been just chilling there for 3 days before the reset today.  Some people seem to have zero imagination. We turned this wide open base into a death field.
It's not, and it's not. I'm sorry that a very valid form of warfare is particularly devastating to you, but waiting till your enemy sleeps is a classic.   We we're worried we might not be awake. So we recruited people on opposite time zones, and then we merged tribes. We are now protected 24/7.   It's as simple as you don't want to put in the time and effort to either grow in members or ally with friendly tribes for protection.
Go read the patch notes. I worked with him on the matter directly. You really are not correct on this one.
When I was a kid my brother and sister would totally take a stance against bullies. It was only later when we grew older we hated each other.
$2 at the Chicken Coop in Newport. Tried to win one to set it free.
I remember before the GECK came out and the only way to change Fallout 3 was with console commands, I had my followers pretty balanced on stats and hit points while never dying, but just falling unconscious for a few minutes. Allowed for really awesome crazy fire fights between my band of dirty mobsters vs the wasteland. Having followers go unconscious for X amount of time seemed to be the best way of not feeling like your cheesing but also retaining the numbers in your ranks to make the game more of a squad combat thing.
I had 16 dilos and was dropping trexes before getting to that number.   Always level health. More dilos is more damage. You want them to survive fights.
Yet the 40 something year old lady behind me still said "Father??" and later with the vader-kylo connection "Grand father?!?!". She clearly understood all the characters and story otherwise but I was ready to break down family trees or at least remind her luke and leia are siblings.
It's a little early so let me try and follow on this subject accurately. I don't really feel obligated to accept and reconcile the substandard content of series I enjoy rather I just accept as fact "this is what i'm going to get". I don't have the personal finances or ability to generate this kind of content myself, and must rely on the industry. **What has incessant complaining gotten any fan of a series?**(edit, case in point my last post is already -1 before finishing this one. Just talking about it leads to people hating on you for pointing out perfectly justifiable things). Mostly derision and a justification to why a story can be lacking. It's just a tired argument. I rather spend time justifying my enjoyment rather than justifying my dislike for a product, while still recognizing for certain intellectual properties that just can't happen. Mostly Fallout and Warcraft. The lack of attention to any details firmly established are things I can't reconcile.   Now for me *how* things work in a universe does matter to a good degree. To avoid spoilers in this thread I'll use Fallout as an example. West-Tek created the famous FEV virus that created super mutants in a location on the west coast that was a top secret research facility with 1 other location being the nearby mariposa military base shortly before the nuclear bombs fell that created the world of Fallout. In Fallout 3, it inexplicably shows up on the East Coast in a Vault-Tec facility. These 2 corporations had no relation, and were in fact competitors. I feel this is sloppy story telling.  Back to Star Wars, I felt it was a good movie. For me, 2 details could of been included to make it a much better movie without significantly changing any of the story. But that is a spoiler.  Going back to addressing universe mechanics, it's actually why I really enjoyed a universe created by author Patrick Rothfuss. In his book magic works on a sort of voodoo level. A good example is if a character wanted to light a candle on the other side of the room, he needs heat. One option is to draw their own body heat to the level needed to light the wick, but that kind of drain can lead to cold shivers. There are quite a few options though. I really like a universe that has a reason why things work.  Although personally I don't think the force ever needed midichlorians. Ever.
The thing is paying attention to those details just brings things to life that much more. If for instance they wanted to do the hobbled together force, they could of used z-95 headhunters (an early x-wing) and the y-wings they were suppose to replace with b-wings.   This is more due to my enjoyment of military hardware though. It would be like doing the Battle of Kursk but for some reason the russians only used Sherman tanks. Sure, Shermans are iconic of the war. But it's not what they should be using. But to most people, I'm sure they wouldn't notice that at all. While to others who know they should be using T34-76 or T34-85 it would drive them nuts.  The effect is the same. The Russians win through superior numbers. But the story is wrong.  With todays resources, why did episode 7 seem to just have less... stuff in it than episode 4? The first order had enough resources to make Deathstar Mk. III but not even a small nazy of their own? Their wasn't a single star destroyer in orbit over that thing?
I would point to the one thing held sacred by Lucas among all things in this regard. The Toys. They had the specs, and the reasoning for why the rebels did what they did. X-wing manufacturers couldn't get an imperial contract, so sold to the alliance. By Jedi, A-wings were explained as the alliance response to tie-fighters, gaining a speed advantage over them. The B-Wing was meant to have a more prominent role in the films, but was too thing to use on the green screens right. The Y-wings were explains as old clunkers still in use by the alliance for their superior armor.   This is all stuff established in the 70's and 80's and for all intents and purposes, given proper respects. It wasn't EU material. It was stuff written down the original movie staff and explained by them. That stuff was later cataloged into the books meant to curate the universe for what it was.  Just having played with the toys, the games, and reading a few of the technical books this is the kind of stuff I paid attention to since a kid.   This feeling:  &gt;I mean, I could be upset about your hypothetical WW2 film, but that would be because it's getting something wrong about an actual event  is simply the same one anyone has about a fake history they "know" just as much as real history.   In regards to:  &gt;establishing the film's credentials by using iconic ships and so on  I would say the inclusion of nothing but the B-Wing would have established credibility, while the inclusion of other ship variants like the rebel fleet, all of which were assets seen and established in Return of the Jedi, would be going above and beyond to actually make it a better Star Wars movie.   Keep in mind none of this changes the overall story. The whole bromance dialogue, similarities with story between 4 and 7, all that could stay. Just at least try and do something bigger and better than the Death Star 2 battle, as the Death Star 3 is clearly bigger and more devastating than either of it's former iterations. Yet took much less to destroy.
Ah man my friend just had me pick up battlefield 4 and the first 2 nights was just "7 hitpoints?!? Wtf is this shit?" watching guys take 5 machine gun rounds to the body. Makes me want to make him get RO2.
Bonus, her mother is also her sister
I gotta ask how long was your longest play through? I love this game but anyone whose played on very large for awhile or gets 100+ population knows the game can get heavy on the computations.
Its just a bit irksome to not actually have any trouble handling the dangers of the game so much as having trouble with the game itself. Albeit after a very long time. Think my best population was 165. Just big insult fights ended up questionable at best, as the game would lag or hiccup right when the 2 sides met.
Not sure how it got in there as I spent most of my time training mobs to town where they got stuck and everybody just gunned it down.  A krayt dragon would never make it inside a building.
I reach into the till and grab some cash too
If you never fought a large piat blob with infantry good for you. Its not fun. (it rekts shit).
Id honestly be so pissed off id just shrink wrap the box back up complete with drywall to return it and exchange for a real one.
Did the drifting thing awhile. Set up an old computer at a friend's place to game on occasionally. Ended up getting recommended for a job through my gaming buddy I never met but played with over 2 years. Ended up getting the job making twice as much as any job I ever had. Allowed me to afford my apartment and live a normal life.
