Whenever I start to feel that my weight is holding me back, [I look at this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E4qagwtthNI) and ask myself, what's my excuse?      Your weight will only hold you back as much as you let it, and it'll be gone soon if you skate every day anyway!
Where I live, the blank decks are half the price of printed ones. But you have to go to a local shop and buy their shop stamped decks; if you go online you'll pay a lot more.
I make my room cold, but have lots of blankets. As my body warms up under the covers, it sends me to sleep.
There is a certain maneuvre when riding that I never knew existed until I saw someone do it; if you push down on your tail, and jump ever so slightly, you can push your board forward whilst taking almost all of your weight off of it. Using this technique, you can go over big cracks, small curbs, debris like sticks and pebbles, even stuff like metal grates and those bumps they put on the curbside to help blind people. Learning this skill propells your ability and confidence in cruising the streets, and it is a good level to aim for in regards to your question.
Learning this truth has only caused me pain.
Wow thanks, but you're only saying that because you haven't seen my kickflip attempts :)      The board is a MiniGreen, it's 21" long and 6" wide at its widest point. It's a lot of fun!
Aspergers afflicted 20 something checking in. Fuck the police.
This made me laugh and be depressed in equal measure.
My absolute favourite kind of skating is the kind that looks like it's done casually, like who put a shopping cart here? Oh well, might as well do a gigantic bigspin over it while I'm on my way down to the shops to grab a chocolate milk.      It's just the ultimate skateboarding fantasy, to be that casually good. Makes me hard every time.
I just wanted to mention a combo;  Faraam Leggings and Throne Watcher chest armor. The perfect outfit base for any wandering white knight.
^ this      Don't worry about your shoe size or anything, it has nothing to do with it. Just get an 8, then after you've beaten it up you'll know whether you want to go bigger or smaller.
One thing I learnt that I haven't heard many places, is when skating and you come across a crack or a bump or something that you think you might get caught up on, lift your front trucks over it and then just jump slightly with your back foot. Nowhere near the coordination needed for an ollie, and you will almost never get hung up even on big cracks and steps, because your weight is forward of the obstacle and you are pulling your board over it. You're far more likely to eat the floor if you try and hit it with your front wheels first, as it will act as a fulcrum point for all of your weight.      It's possible to go up curbs like this, so if you aren't great at ollies yet you can still skate around the streets without having to constantly get off your board.
Ruin Sentinels probably. Funnily enough, it was the fight I had the most trouble with on my first playthrough, but now I just stroll my way around their attacks, and toy with them.
*takes dildo back to shop for a refund*   Sir, we don't allow refunds on items like that.   *is out $30*   That is one cent per point of karma - success!
Yesterday I was in a car with some people who did this kind of thing when they were younger, they all agreed that they just love to hear the sound of breaking glass. I suppose any kind of anti establishmentarianist acts produce fear and adrenaline, which is a desired state of mind for your average adolescent.
The back foot thing isn't really relevant to your problem, as your board isn't coming up to meet it anyway. Yeah it's important and needs to be worked on, but it isn't the immediate problem here.      What you need to do is focus on dragging your front foot all the way up to the very tip of your nose, and pushing forward. And all the way to the tip means exactly that; to the very edge of the nose. Don't worry about going over the front; you most likely couldn't do it if you tried at this point, so really exaggerate how far up you are dragging your foot. Hitting the nose is what brings the tail up and levels you out - since you're ollies are going rocket, this is where the issue lies. Also, you are going really fast in that clip - practicing it whilst going just a bit slower will probably help you out.
Use my toenail clippings to clean my teeth
I remember me and my sister finding an old purse in our mum's room that contained about 7 or 8 fake IDs, with her face on them but different names. No idea what that was about.
Which cliche deck did you get? I just ordered a [Vem Villemin typewriter](http://skateparkoftampa.com/spot/productimages/colors/1_66289.jpg), can't wait for it to arrive.
I remember anthony mapstone from back in the xen/psc days. Really great guy.
How is this so far down?      I think that this is the only movie where I was almost certain I had it sussed out, until the end scene where I then realised I had no fucking idea what was really going on.
What city are you in?      As for tricks to do, just [go down the list](http://www.brailleskateboarding.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/BRAILLE-ARMY-TRICK-LIST-e1419921617537.jpg) and see what you can still nail, then start at what you can't!
I remember when I was like 9, my mum made me choose between a vet bill for my cat and a nintendo 64.  what a bitch
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxHgW_xjhGo&amp;feature=youtu.be      We have almost no building knowledge/experience, but it still turned out pretty good. He had the plywood lying around and we got the angle iron from the hardware store for pretty cheap, overall the whole thing cost about AU$20. It's heaps of fun for practising noseslides and boardslides.
[Hello, I See You!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5WS3OFQrdA) is easily one of my favourite songs, ever. Electric Six are great!
The Kelly passage in Dark Winter by Andy McNab. I still haven't been able to bring myself to read that book again.
:'(       Now I'm getting ptsd flashbacks from my first playthrough.
I work with a lot of vietnamese, and I have seen both a Phuc and a Bich, but never a Dat.
I always use my toenail clippings to clean my teeth, the big toe one is always really strong and sharp.
Looks great, and you'll probably come to appreciate having a bright graphic. It certainly makes flips look better.      Enjoy breaking in all the parts on that new setup!
Having to convince my mother that you click "Start" to turn off the computer.      "But I don't want to start, I'm finished!"
Well what you described was pretty much exactly me a year ago, and I'm still in love with skating. Braille and this subreddit were a big part of that.      As for reasons not to do it... well, you can get hurt. A friend of mine broke his leg re-learning how to skate, but I personally have been serious injury free since I restarted. Just a lightly sprained ankle, that's it.      Not a lot of other downsides really. For the first six months I kept waiting for someone to outwardly judge me on being so old and skating, but it hasn't happened. Now that I'm better at skating, I am absolutely comfortable with telling anyone I meet that I do it; proud even. I also see a lot of older beginners at the skatepark, who probably had the same idea as you and I. People on the street don't care.      Get a Revive deck if you want to support that company, but otherwise they are pretty average. I have the Aaron Kyro pro model, and it got pretty ratty pretty quickly. Still performs fine, just a bit soggy. My current deck from www.bakasucks.com is a lot better and has lasted a lot longer. If you're not going to be doing grinds and slides for a while that probably won't apply to you though.
Hey Barky, I'm up to part 16 of your playthrough, and it seems like there is a section missing? Shaded ruins, Naajka etc?
Hmm, seems like the gap between 15 and 16 is bigger than that; it's your progress from shaded woods to Brightstone Cove (including meeting Vengarl and the whole Shaded Ruins zone). Maybe I'm just going mad.      It's a really great playthrough by the way; watching you has inspired me to playthrough again. I'm watching you on one screen and playing along on the other.
Funnily enough, longsword is also my go to weapon for when I need to be at my best.
I use soul vessels to try new builds, not to fix levelling errors. Don't want to start a new character just to try powestancing chicken drumsticks
for a 7.75, i would get 8" trucks. If you get 7.5" trucks you will be fine with a 7.75 board, but if later on down the track you decide to go 8 or higher, you'll have to get new trucks.      I personally went from 7.75, to 8, to 8.25 before I was happy with my board size.
The site was [Omni Skateboards Australia](http://store.omnisk8.com.au/), and the deck is very good quality. It has three layers of stained wood, it's pretty much the same standard that all the regular distribution companies. I haven't skated it yet though.
Yeah, 7 ply, 3 of which are stained. I just mentioned it because in my experience, cheaply manufactured boards never have stained sheets.
&gt;People don't see the deck before you destroy it.      Except for the 1000+ people who have seen this thread, my friends, and the people I meet in the months it takes for the deck to be scratched beyond recognition. But, most of all, I see it, and having a graphic that you love pushes you to ride more often. On top of that, there is always the option of making it into a cruiser board, which will leave the graphic untarnished.
I hope not, I'd have to quit after my next birthday.
The elevator space behind the train platform is still there in RE2, it's just that the gigantic 'UMBRELLA' gate is closed. I actually loaded up my original RE2 to check it after playing RE0 for the first time, back when it was released on GC, and was surprised to see that it checked out.
Hummus, pepperoni and cheese on toast
I know that in belfry luna, I used to stand in front of where the boss fog used to be and do something else, and I knew I was being invaded because the fog would reappear. It did it for both bell keepers and red phantoms.
Old sun ring is absolutely a noob ring. You get it and equip it because it says it does damage  (and damage is everything), and because you get hit a lot it actually does a lot of damage.      On my first playthrough, I was rocking OSR and Vengarl's helm like it was nobody's business.
If you don't like phase 2, you can keep him in phase 1 indefinitely, by baiting his overhead slam attack.      You can do this by chugging estus immediately after dodging an attack, and he will not move to phase 2 whilst his sword is buffed from this move. Simply chug another estus every 10 seconds or so; 12 estus is more than enough to complete the fight.      This is the strategy I used most recently, it was very effective.
I prefer dubbed anime because I do not like the inflection that the Japanese use in their language, especially for females. I find it incredibly distracting, so for me even the poorer performances found in English dubs are preferable.
[Add me on steam.](https://steamcommunity.com/id/seanythetank)
Usually Dave comes out after the song and shakes their hands, says how amazing they were and holds up an album or something.
The juice resting in those pickle crinkles makes my pants tight
