You're telling me. I can't do it.
I'm the opposite, I think I know Megaton better than my actual home of 15 years.
Now I just need a way to win 600k
As a falcon, I don't understand either statement ):
My sultan. I spent the first week of gta online on 360 searching for this car. I'll never let it go.
"Well, he kinda looked like Tom Hardy and everyone says I remind them of Charlize Theron, so we figured what the hell"
I'm on ps4!
Every video game I own is now obsolete,
fuck it, i'm just gonna play fallout shelter until november
Luckily I'm single and I think it'll last until well beyond November
Yeah. I do about the same, I think.
That was my number one on my excitement list until this 4 become official
Well, I'm not technically starting but for a year or so I've only been reading DC/Marvel. I've just now moved to more indie comics. I've read all the like essential stuff and now I'm trying to find stuff on my own.
That's like when I was in 4th grade I told my mom if I played Turok it would help me learn about dinosaurs.
I think every high school had a rumor about kids killing cats. At my school a rumor went around that a dude would bury cats up to their necks in his yard and then run the lawnmower over them.
I bought two 8 mills when they were half off. It gave me 8 and then told me I had a limit, so I bought my yacht and as soon as the money came out of my account it added the other 8 million. It's kinda weird but its not lost
It's a bad sign when our tailbacks are better QBs.  I would give my left leg to have Aaron Murray back
I pulled for you nerds yesterday and ya'll shit the bed.  I always pull for the SEC but that's just me being a homer
We try.  It has a lot to do with being downtrodden for years and years
thank fuck.  UGA is undefeated in 2016.  GG PSU.  Now bring me some Kirby and Chubby.  Now I'm praying to Munson that Leonard Floyd stays
He made a comment about Richt being the only person that could make him stay.  So, I mean, it's highly unlikely but I'm hoping.
okay, good.  I even pulled for Auburn against FSU a few years back.  That one hurt to do
I just subbed to r/cfb today and I'm kinda surprised that so many people have two teams on their flair.  I always get so much shit for saying I like more than one team.  I mean, UGA will always be number one and the gap to my second favorite team is the Grand Canyon, but still.  I feel safe here.
I just realized that maybe Dale Earnhardt Jr. is our good luck charm.  I mean, we've never lost a single game when he drives his car on the field before the coin toss.
As a falcons fan I'm gonna go ahead and start being disappointed that we pass him up
We won but in usual UGA fashion we were dragged into the win kicking and screaming.
Yeah, I've watched his defenses in the past and read up on the stats. My biggest concern is the talent he's working with being a lot higher than what he's going to with UGA. He'll be losing Floyd and Jenkins but I'm hoping he can maximize the talent of guys like Dominick Sanders or Lorenzo Carter.
I'm not worried about him making mistakes. My biggest concern is expirence but Richt was an OC with no head coaching expirence before he came to Athens and we still love him. So it isn't that huge of a deal. I'm just really excited about a brand new staff
"Well I wanted 60 but two is more than I came in with."
I love Richt and Miami is probably my new second team (as weird as that is to say) but our team always had a glass ceiling under Richt. So many UGA players are making huge impacts at the next level and I feel like we wasted talent and underachieved. So I'm so ready for a brand new start.
Well UGA will always be a huge player in the south as far as recruiting and the stuff I've heard about Kirby's recruiting got me really excited. I wouldnt be shocked if we landed a number one recruiting class very soon. As far as the UGA national title, I can't even begin to imagine that.
Thank you, good luck next Monday. I don't plan on saying that again to an Alabama fan for a very long time.
I didn't even know this was a rumor. My heart skipped a beat reading this.
that's my biggest hang up with our old staff. We have wasted SO much talent. Look at the NFL, there are top Georgia alums all over the league making impacts. Sigh.
The only thing keeping my expectations low is that Tennessee is gonna be tough (but they gotta come to Athens) and we have to play Ole Miss on the road. Hopefully we can beat down Buzz McAllister and his Vols but Ole Miss worries me. At least we FINALLY HAVE A SPECIAL TEAMS COACH
"No, no, no. Not Johnny!  I'd be a fool to sign Johnny Manziel. However, I met a charming young man named 'Billy' at a Casino last weekend ... "
I tell VT fans that a hokie is a castrated turkey
I live in NC, I know all about the bandwagon (Panthers)
I'M NEW HERE
Living in NC, there's only one Coach K.
Our first game in Sanford was against Yale. Can we fire that one back up?
Hey man, I totally understand your skepticism. But I was there.
Sorry but we're a package deal. You don't get UGA without drunken barking.
Well, see. Carolina being Atlanta's rival makes me not like them. Them drafting Cam as a double UGA rival (Auburn/UF) made me really not like them and the fact that they're the Carolina Panthers instead of Charlotte or North Carolina really bugs me.
How did I miss this?  Also, where in NC are you?
Greensboro here. I think NC has to be a UGA fan pipeline state.
Well, I goofed. I thought I did.
It's about 5 from me. But yeah, the west side of NC and North GA border each other.
I was just saying how big of a fan-base UGA has here. It's like the 4th most popular school
I almost said that but couldn't bring myself to do it.
