I just graduated 6 months ago and made $90k right out of school.  I don't see what's so difficult.
I've primarily used the Brunswick line and I think have rode the others only once each, so the only thing I can qualify those for is that the Penn line usually gets nicer/newer trains... the Brunswick line gets some old ass cars (I rode one with literally just benches once, no plush seat covers, it was like being in church) but I've never experienced engine failure (though I have heard stories). I've only ever experienced delays because there was a freight train slowly working through the block and since it's all CSX's right-of-way, MARC gets second priority and has no choice but to wait.  On your note about the one engine always breaking down, this reminds me of my university's bus system - the buses were constantly in the shop for something because they were 15 years old and had easily a half-million miles on them. The university would never buy a new one for $400k because it was only $30k to fix it...even after the 15 fixes it would take to show that buying a new one was cheaper, it came down to this: the "buying new shit" budget and "cost of doing business" budget were not only two different buckets, but run by two very different departments. Buses breaking down was a cost of doing business and they kept handing out blank checks. Buying a new bus? Fuck that we don't have that kind of money!  If my private university did that, there's not a doubt in my mind the MTA does it even worse.
It is. My company only gives me $100/month and it's piling up...I have over $700 on my SmarTrip at this point just because I never even use that much to get there.
I use my PayPal to pay for something like once a year now. With Stripe and all of the other easier and simpler payment gateways out there, the need to use PayPal is dwindling. I don't even shop on eBay anymore.
That's only about $1k a year, so yeah, I could probably cut back on iTunes purchases.  But if I were performing as poorly as Metro, I'd be surprised to be getting paid at all.
Incorrect. I live in DC which is way above the national average for pay and cost of living, and carriers here get 50k.
Sure. Driving a bus honestly looks like fun. I like driving big vehicles. I'm moving a 1-bedroom apartment next week and reserved a 30-foot UHaul just because.  As far as the "not so good parts of DC," maybe if they quit being such pansies about firearms and I could protect myself.
I was just making a point, asshole. Fuck you, you were at 0 and I gave you an upvote because of a simple human error, but if you want to be a dick about it, fine.
&gt; Your speeding laws are no fucking joke.  Can confirm. Roommate spent a night in jail because he was doing 99 on 66.  Or maybe he was doing 66 on 99 and I just read it upside down. Maybe he was arrested for obstructing traffic.
&gt; So if a hospital buys saline for $5 they can't charge $500 for it. The feds wouldn't pay it.   You have a lot of faith in the United States government. When signing up for a conference, they were given the option of $200 per person if they joined the "society" for $100/year; or $400 per person as non members. You could cancel the membership literally the next day and still get the discounted rate. That $100 savings was too much for their brains to process so they just paid $400 per person.
&gt; my American Express card. They're hard hitters when it comes to dispute resolution  **They most certainly are not.**  Priceline scammed me on a hotel - I requested a 4-star hotel in SF and got thrown into the ghetto in a shitty hotel that was actually falling apart, that was maybe 4-stars a decade earlier but certainly not now...I disputed it, and AmEx said "oh well Priceline says no refunds so you're SOL." They weren't interested in my argument that despite that policy, they had defrauded the quality of the hotel...TL;DR I ended up taking AmEx to court on the grounds that they were complicit in the fraud by backing Priceline up, and won.
I've only disputed once with them and they threw me under the bus hard. I won out in the end by taking it up in Fairfax County court.  Did you move out of /r/washingtondc?
Nope. I'm the chief of getting businesses to give me free shit when they fuck up. Uber won't. Uber will gladly cancel your account in the face of "you fucked up and I don't want to use you again unless I have an incentive."
I've disputed Uber charges before. This is legitimately how they act. The fact that you don't believe me is simply not my problem.  Edit: It appears there's confusion about the usage of the word "dispute." I'm referring to a formal dispute with a credit card issuer, which on a forum with intelligent people who know anything about personal finance *should* be clear. But now your remarks make more sense if you thought I meant dispute in the sense of arguing with Uber support. You still responded like a douche, though, so go die.
That's what I meant - with the CC company. They won't even respond. They'll just shut your account off and move on.
This gets dicey in the DC area because the app always suggests taking toll roads, and I've only been in one Uber that actually has an EZPass. The one time we actually had to get on the toll road, he stopped and paid cash. It's so silly.
I had a dash cam when I drove for Uber for a couple of weeks, but I turned it around to face inside. It made one or two people uncomfortable but in a city where firearms are a no-go, I told them it was for my safety and if they didn't like it they could get out. The one thing Uber is cool about with their drivers is that they acknowledge that it's your damn car and at the end of the day you can tell people to get out of it whenever.
I don't like to abuse this, so I only do it when my options with the management and the BBB and all that are exhausted, but I've found that if you take them to small claims court for stuff like this, even if you have a "you can't sue us" rider in your contract with them, anything less than $1k they will generally just settle out of court. At least for AmEx, their legal offices were in Miami. When I sued them in Virginia for $300, they knew they'd lose money on the flight alone, much less one hour of their time sitting in court. It just wasn't worth it unless I was suing them for tens of thousands of dollars.
My money back. It was a $240 charge I was disputing. I had to pay $75 in court costs to file the case and have them served, and they had to pay that too. I hope there's now a note on my profile that says just to resolve my shit when I call in the first time, because they ultimately spent $75 more than they had to, if they would've just fixed it the first time.
&gt;Halal food does not have its own "smell"  I really don't care. Middle Eastern food smells.  &gt;Also, anywhere you go you will not always get great customer service.  Yes I will. If I get bad customer service at a place once, they've lost my business. To date, with the exception of those first impression visits, I only shop at places that have historically given me good customer service. That's why, despite several company policies I disagree with, I'll bank with Navy Federal until I die. 3 years and no one's ever dared to not smile when I walk in.
How did they force the laid-off workers to train the replacements? If I've just received notice that I'm being fired, I'm not sticking around to do shit. The only exception I could see is that maybe they were given one month's notice and during that time had to train - personally, I'd rather lose a month's pay than lose my dignity, but I know some can't be in that same position.
I live in Tysons :) Close enough. /r/nova is a little slow sometimes.
Start to finish, from me first launching the dispute, about 5 months - I booked the hotel in January and found out immediately afterwards that it was not as described. They actually just settled about a week ago, which is why I'm still somewhat freshly bitter about the whole ordeal.  A little contrary to /u/powerful_cat_broker 's post, I did actually appear once because I couldn't get service on them at first because even they operate under a shell company. I asked the judge to allow me to amend the summons and put it back out there and he was cool with it. It's small claims court, so attorneys are 100% not allowed. If AmEx did choose to show up, they'd have to remove the case to general district court where an attorney could appear on their behalf; but that would ultimately cost them more time and money than just cutting me a check. So in their mind, they may think they're in the right and were just being practical, but to me, I count it as a win.  TL;DR yes I represented myself but small claims is really simple to learn. There's very little lingo you have to know and you learn half of it from the clerks when you file and the other half from just sitting in the court room and watching everyone else do it.
Yeah but this one was $60 and all I had to do was turn it around. I saved $40! :P
I dunno man. In VA, I once called an Uber and he took some crazy back roads I'd never seen before and I got there in half the time and for half the fare because it was shorter in both time and distance. To his credit, he had been a cab driver for the town for a while, so he was pretty exclusive to the area. I swear some of the other Uber drivers are being shot out of a cannon straight from Malaysia and couldn't tell you which way up was.
&gt; They are TWO SEPARATE THINGS.  No shit. That's why in the initial post I said "registered to do business." Clearly, you just can't read.  &gt;Businesses incorporate not because they need to in order to do business.  Didn't say they did. Literacy is a great thing.  &gt; You simply must have a registered agent on file - and most will have that agent located in the area in which they incorporated.  That must be why they always use the CT Corporation System within that respective state. Why just list an agent from HQ when we can pay these guys a million bucks to be local? Oh, because *that's the fucking law.* In VA, you can't be registered to do business or incorporated here if you don't have a notice of process within the Commonwealth. My dad's MD real estate firm always used my grandfather's address because he lived just across the border.
I agree. I'd certainly start eating healthier if my McDouble was going to cost twice as much. That said, if I'm standing outside Target eating my McDouble, the smell probably doesn't bother nearly as many people as secondhand smoke does. It's a disgusting habit and, in my experience, most of the people who indulge in it don't offer anything worthwhile to society. It should be treated like alcohol and recreational marijuana: do it in the privacy of your home or a store licensed to serve it. Not on the street looking like the low-income piece of shit you are.
&gt;but I dont think its fair to target one group of citizens  I work for a company where only the kids right out of college make less than six figures. The smoking area is always very busy.
At least I can pay my bills without having to eat ramen to get by.
It's pretty rough. I landed at 11pm and I barely got a driver who was sniffing around Centreville which is just barely in range.  Edit: Talking about UberX here. UberBLACK is there for sure because that's big $$.
Haha. Didn't notice that. Guess they forgot to shade it. I'd imagine it follows the same laws as mainland MI though. :)
I just canceled cable TV. I got a super nice $60 antenna from Amazon that picks up stations in HD from 50-100 miles away and $9/month for Netflix. Easier on the wallet and the brain. I don't need to watch what Big Cable wants me to watch on their schedule. On Demand at a cheaper price and no ads or bullshit.
Can confirm. My GF's dad is a jacked Marine who can kill you by sitting on you and has more guns than BudsGunShop. In HS, she would frequently show up in class with black eyes and bruises and the school would assume it was her dad because he was buff. No, her dad treats her like a princess but they were both being abused by her piece of shit crackhead mother and her dad was honorable enough to not hit back and too poor to kick her out.
I work part-time at Apple. We verbally warn people at least twice before doing a repair if they don't have a backup and then they even sign a legal document saying that we aren't responsible for data loss - then when it happens, they will either cry or scream for a manager and demand financial compensation.  I just don't have pity for it. If there's something crucially important on your device, back it up. When the technician says you should go home and back it up before attempting a repair, you should probably do that too. The fact that you were too lazy and/or impatient to wait and do things the right way doesn't entitle you to free money when the expected happens.
&gt;I can tell you in about 50% of those cases that icloud was being a hero and backing up their device without them knowing.  If they bought more space for $1/month. My average customer, although living in the 3rd wealthiest county in the US, is too cheap and expects their 5 GB free trial to back up 4 million photos of their daughter's graduation.
I'm familiar enough to navigate most of DC (that I'll go to, at least). But if faced with someone trying to mug me, I'd rather be in VA where I can be armed. Not trying to be controversial, but personally that's how I feel when it comes to my personal safety.
I've lived in Arlington/Ffx County for the past 3 years and the worst I've heard is shoplifting. I've never heard of any violent crimes happening ITB in VA. (Herndon is a whole different story, we should jettison that place off the planet)
Yeah and that's the first I think I've heard in years. Outside of that, the news is obsessed with all the crime in DC and I think a friend and I were battling one time about this and I had found the crime reports for the VA side and it was dramatically lower despite nearly similar populations.  Also she was in South Arlington which is almost just as bad as SE, but at least you can be armed there.
I'm 22 and graduated college last year - since you like to creep through my history, I would've thought you gathered that, but okay, old man it is.
&gt; And those "code monkeys" you're so superior to built everything you're currently using, from the operating system on your phone and computer to the messaging inbox where you feebly try to inflate your own self worth, and those "code monkeys" contribute to society more than you ever have or will.  I'm aware how we got our innovative technologies. I used to be a code monkey too; I'm well-versed in C++, Java, Python, PHP and I dabbled in SharePoint administration because much to my chagrin, the real world still uses Windows. But you can't make a career out of sitting in a cubicle for 8 hours a day, typing away, talking to no one, and we've already seen that they can do it cheaper overseas so there's less and less demand for someone who can just code. That's why I double-majored in both CS and business and now work as a technology consultant supporting the DoD: double the money and a chance for advancement within my organization and very rarely do I ever write a line of code. I come up with the ideas and then hand it off to the poor bastard who only makes $60K to sit in his cell all day and type.  I imagine you trying to act like my job is beneath everyone else's is a factor of your own insecurities, and that's okay. I'm still not losing any sleep, and you're keeping me entertained while I wait for the idiot sysadmins to get my VE back online. (I'd do it myself, but they're really protective of their hardware that they can't seem to maintain.)   &gt;You're on the losing side of history buddy, watch.  Ooh yeah, rich white males, we've had it bad for a while!  Please, we'll both be dead before the world is even half the way you want it perverted.
Can confirm. Can afford, too much of a cheapskate to do it. Quite frankly, the added cost of living *in* Tysons is probably less than what I'd spend using the Express Lanes to get to work if I lived in Annandale/FFX/Springfield, and then I have a 3 minute commute.
Laugh all you want. You're the one fighting the uphill battle here buddy, not me. I've got money, a beautiful home, a beautiful girl and job security...if that makes me a petulant child, then I am more than willing to accept the title.  Thanks for the lunchtime entertainment, and good luck with raising the minimum wage and all that garbage :)
So this happens regularly at the Martinsburg MARC station, especially on weekends when the only train coming through is a 10:30am Amtrak. The city police are the only ones with the keys and they were too incompetent to unlock it prior to the train coming. We all stood outside and heard it sounding it's horn, so we literally jumped the fence to go down to the platform. (Not as great as it sounds, the fence is only 3 feet high and is much like a farm fence you can hop, but still.)
I know that my department specifically focuses on cutting-edge technologies, rather than antiquated stuff...but I'm specifically in an innovation department, whereas over 90% of my firm gets its revenue from a separate department which probably what you're experiencing - anyone with a pulse temping for the gov't, basically. Part of me almost wishes I was in that department...then I'd only have a 40 hour week.
I had an incredibly liberal teacher in college who gave me a C on my final paper with no commentary as to why - and it was actually really spot-on - presumably because I always questioned her in class with a more conservative outlook. I went to the dean and he asked to look at the final paper so he could grade it himself. He gave me an A. The teacher was fired 6 months later (for other reasons).
We were recently house hunting and Fairfax and Reston had a lot of properties $350-400k - and that's only 15 miles away. Chantilly and Sterling are cheaper and that's when you're getting closer to 30 miles. But the ones we saw in Reston for ~$375 were walking distance to Wiehle Metro.
Unfortunately, the DC sub spills over to the suburbs frequently with articles about my neck of the woods that interest me. Also, it's great fun to remind DC residents what a cespool they live in.
I lived outside of Pittsburgh for 2 years. It's literally the worst chunk of society. They're all ignorant addicts. This guy looks like he's visiting.
I'm just thankful that his knee-jerk reaction wasn't to toe his party line and introduce crazy gun control measures. One of the key reasons I live here and you'll never find me with a DC or MD address is the firearms policies here.  Edit: Sigh, typical, liberal Nova downvoting.
If they're offering free plate exchanges, I think they would, considering you can order plates online. I got vanity plates on the DMV website and never got off of my fat ass.
