Never forgive roberts for taking streater away from me  So walford
As someone who has worked in warehouse inventory, I call bullshit
Oh hey thats where I live!  A few months back there was a big fight when someones dad showed up. From what I observed from the 14th floor it looked like he wasn't very happy that his white daughter was involved with a black man. Anyway so he made a scene, some fists started flying, security destroyed daddy and dragged him away. All the while being taunted by drunk black dudes. (which was hilarious). Daughter was also crying and screaming "how could you".  Strangest thing was that dad was dressed in pool attire.
As a Raiders fan I'm worried that Del Rio has what it takes. Early on last year I was worried that he was going to squander the first real talent Oakland has had in a decade. The squad he coached in Denver turned into the best in the NFL after he left and another coach came in. There were a few times last year where he looked like he was in over his head and then he made some interesting depth chart decisions. But we'll see how it works this year, he certainly has the swagger of a "raiders coach".
ugh we have paper tigers written all of us. We're everyones hot sleeper pick because JAX is too obvious and easy. Getting overhyped to the max.   note: I love our team, its the best raiders squad in over a decade, but some of these people are expecting a little much from an unproven team with one 7-9 season under their belt.
As someone who owns 10 actual blood knights(I bought 1 and got the second pack because the first had so many finecast problems). They are absolutely not worth it. They dont even look good. You're better off kit bashing dragon princes and black knights.
As someone who works in logistics fucking fine, truck drivers are the worst.
Have you ever been to the everglades? You practically trip over the damn things. Id take my chances with sharks before gators
Real talk id do this for my gf; she hates her weight but hates working out more. Me on the other hand am usually very consistent but ive stopped because i dont want her to feel bad
As a fan of a team that spent 13 years without a winning record and hired half as many coaches it infuriated me to see a team and fanbase treat a winning coach like he was sub gus bradley.   I also get irrationally angry when browns fans coo over Carson Wentz as if he would have been anywhere near as successful behind clevelands line
why not? My anecdote is just as good as their anecdote sans evidence. Therefore I'm calling bullshit as my experience is different.
Hey I work in live production so let me answer.  The best way to ensure there are no problems is to do a rehearsal with all the parts that will be used during the show that includes the talent.  However this isnt always possible or the talent simply doesnt want to so theyll send someone from their band or their assistant to test everything. Unfortunately these tests are usually nothing more than "is it on? Test test okay were done"  And finally most A list talent travels/performs with their own tech operators hence why if its a problem with the tracks it wouldn't be on dick clark productions.   But honestly shit happens in live production especially musically sometimes shit just goes wrong.
Im still upset about the addition of finishing blows,  but thankfully the community despite my worst fears is able to handle it
To be honest I've never thought arnold would be a faithful husband. He used to point blank walk up to girls on venice and blurt "do you want to fuck me?"
I mean on a base level this would be criminal mischief in colorado  http://www.criminalpropertydamage.com/colorado/  Crabs a bigger man than me because Id be filling a civil suit and a police report over this
What insurance do you have? I've never had to pay a deductible for a "not at fault" accident all three times I've been in one.
secret garden prolly  Although ASU's campus has always been a popular spot for crazy preachy types
Call them, just be very clear that you two know each other and that your aren't attempting to do this to random people
Look up ASU's secret tunnels  That shit was sketch
You can file a wage claim you can also have an actual phone conversation about whats going on and if they've been sending the check the wrong location if so you can also just drive out to where they cut checks and get your check.  Phone conversation should be something along the lines of "hey its santa I still haven't recieved my check, have you mailed it? Hmm you know what it's either getting lost in the mail or somethings haplening because I dont have it ill just come to you. No i cannot wait for it to come in the mail any longer. Im sorry you have to void it but it simply isnt reaching me"
You spend 8+ hours a day at work to afford a house/apartment that you feel obligated to leave because you dont want to feel guilt over being lazy
Yea id forgotten they're a distinct ethnic group. I shouldn't have said arab, I should have said middle eastern
He and marquette hang out all the time, he watched the Texans game with Derek Carr
I lived at university house and got 100 up/down  IDK if that's changed though. Only had 2 service outages in two years.   When my service was out though I was close enough to get ASU's campus wifi so I just used that.
Are you in the construction business? Many places 1099 new workers until they become "actual employees"
Was basically my tabletop army during 8th ed lol
Warhammer Fantasy 8th eds early meta started with favoring huge units. You got bonus' for units that were 10 models wide called a horde. Your standard horde formation would be 40 models. So my army for orcs and goblins was grimgor one big ass block of black orcs and then warmachines. Warmachines especially catapults were stupid good because they could wreck large units AND big monsters.   Only thing missing from that screen is a shaman and maybe one boys block.
Well like anything some people are naturally good at sex and other peoples need to practice it.   I think one thing to point out is everyones body is different, some girls get barely wet, others gush, some girls like anal, some don't  It's important to understand what your bodily limitations are and to understand that its okay. Having a good sex life doesn't mean you gotta get fisted or DP'd on the reg. Its what makes sense for you and your partner.  Also sadly it is entirely possible to be sexually incompatible and thats okay too, its nothing that's a failing on your part if for example you only want sex once or twice a week and you find someone who wants it every half hour, there are guys out there who are on the same libido level as you.   But to answer your question more generally, you will need to practice
That was one of my favorite parts of skyrim, you could commit as many crimes, murders, and thefts as you wanted as long as nobody saw
Ive yet to find something of equal or greater quality for cheaper. I've found cutters but not of the same quality
I'm dumb
Yea if I lose a "dinner" to someone I'm expecting to pay for like an entree and a soft drink or like 1 or 2 beers.   Not appetizer, entree, desert, beer, wine, shots and a date
Ur friend makes 200k a year as an hvac installer?
Just discovered these leaks  Still down, hell being down intensifies
I have the helm, but if I put it on I break my 4 set. So I use the boots and belt :(
Because its possible he's wrong; or he's got the wrong guy.   Plus in a way it's using the police to do ur dirty work and get the upper hand in a civil dispute.  If someone started texting me "give me 500 bucks or im going to the police" depending on where my lifes at or my record i may be inclined to give in even if hes wrong
Huh? I preordered so had them all afaik
When I was 16 I got pulled over, had no idea why but it was late at night and I had just left a friends house.  Cop comes up and basically says he suspects me of a dui  He has me do the eye test and answer some other random questions  Then he asks "have you been drinking tonight?"  "No sir" (this was the truth)  "Have you ever drank before?"  "No sir" (i hadnt)  "Never?"  Now my thought process was "hes fishing for a lie to catch me in" so i better not lie period because he had played with my words a bit before   "Where are you coming from?"  "Friends house"  "Where are you going?"  "Home"  "Whyd you make that uturn?"  "Im not familiar with this area and I missed my turn"  "I thought you said your friend lives here, must not be a good friend"  So determined to not let something like that happen again my response to his   "Never?" Question  Was  "Well ive drank wine in church sir"  He let me go
XD I like you
Has anyone else also been not getting credit for people that die during the ult but before the damage hits?  I believe the tooltip says if they die from the ult or while under the effect of the ult you get credit but I was only getting credit if I got the killing blow credit.
There needs to be a 21st century union. The worker protections that unions originally formed to provide have now been subsumed by law.  Too many people conflate "i don't like our current unions and how they operate" with "I dont like unions".  I can say from an entertainment industry standpoint unions and management are two sides of the same coin. However in a reformed way the union system could be much much better for everyone.  For example my union forced a strict  anti nepotism clause on my employer in our last contract. Fair right? My last call I was the only one who wasnt friends or family of the steward.
IIRC there are sample and practice tests available for the placement exam either through ALEKS or pdfs from the placement exam webpage  If you've never used ALEKS id get familiar with it because it has some quirks.
Just want to toss as a direct comment that her parents cannot "press charges" nor can they "drop charges".   What will happen is that if they file a police report, the police will gather evidence and present it to the District Attorney's office. Based on that evidence the District Attorney may or may not decide it is in the states interest to bring a criminal case against you.  Her parents do not have a say once they begin this legal process.   So tell your parents,get a lawyer, and cease any and all contact whether electronic, phone or verbal without your parents and lawyer present.  Don't give in to.hooey like "settle this like a man" or "do the right thing" or "lets cut through the red tape"  This girls parents are threatening you to take a course of action that will forever change your life. You need your parents and a legal professional to ensure that whatever happens it is all legal and above board.   Also don't be surprised if they start shaming your or posting about you on social media and whatnot when you get a lawyer. Don't respond, dont "plead your case" let your lawyer do his job
Actually as a former gw shop manager they actually attempt to weed out fanboys.   Infact I think the quote from my interviewer was "knowing the games helps but we can't have people that love it so much they forget to sell it"  However this may be because the wargaming community is infamous for being hyper toxic and they wont want one of their shop managers telling people to buy things on ebay or to use reaper paints or whatever
The apartment leaser who owns a home.   There's a lady who works at my apartment who spends all of her tours talking about her house instead of the apartment building.   She took me and my wife on our tour of the actual unit and had she given us our initial tour of the models we wouldn't have moved there.  I see her occasionally giving other tours and her house ALWAYS comes up
Anecdotally but my work at one point switched from an active lunch system to a passive lunch system where it was assumed we took our lunch at the designated time and had to correct it if we didn't.    Of course most people didn't correct it because laziness or because they'd get written up for not taking a lunch.  This could be what OP's work is doing.
Not commenting on op himself as every situation is different.  But  Some people are just predisposed towards that type of behavior whether learning from their parents or grandparents or just because thats the way they are  Some people think that's what a relationship is and its just normal  Sometimes you cant see the forest through the trees  And  Sometimes she was the first girl who ever showed interest in you then you have 4 kids and she technically "worked " a minimum wage job while ur parents put you through college and shes been a stay at home mom ever since and thus would likely keep the kids and be entitled to approxinately all of the child support. So it doesnt matter how often she cheats or how terrible of a person she is you either suck it up or risk losing your kids to that she devil.
I had a friend whose wife got tossed in jail for assaulting her boyfriend.  When he talked to divorce lawyers they said shed get the kids and hed pay shit tons in alimony.  So be care, it aint that easy.
I've been to a few taco bells that had this, they still have to operate the drive thru, as well as do the cooking/cleaning   The idea that all fast food jobs are gonna go away is an exaggeration
At a place I used to work it was the C's (ceo, coo, cio, etc) then directors, then middle managers, then line employees.  Director of logisitics Director of warehouse management
