I agree. Binding of Isaac has tons of hidden/unintentonal mechanics and it gives the game SO much depth. I've got more than 1000 hours in the game across both versions and I still don't know everything about it.
Awesome thanks, this is exactly what I was looking for.   The warlock one was funny to me. I remember once I drafted 4 flame imps because I thought they were so good. Never have I lost an arena so quickly.
&gt;Dark Souls 2, for all it's faults is an amazingly replayable game. I've put so many hours into that game messing with different weapons and builds and doing lots of co-op and I just can't enough of it. I know this is blasphemy for a lot of people but don't get me wrong: I love Dark Souls 1 and I love Bloodborne but DS2 for me is king when it comes to replay-value.  That's so weird to hear for me. I love the whole Souls series and played the hell out of DS2 when it came out, but once I stopped I never played through again. I've tried before but always get put off by the dodging and how hard it is to get regeared from the start. I just end up replaying Dark Souls 1 for the 20th time or so.
I didn't raise you to talk to me that way you ungrateful little shit
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ragman_%28comics%29  Edmund likes nerd stuff.   /thread
&gt;I'm definitely not depressed.   Unless you're a psych major or a medical professional, you have no way of knowing this. And no, not everybody has suicidal thoughts. In the world of psychiatry suicidal thoughts are ALWAYS taken seriously, especially if they're as persistent as you say. I'll echo the words of everyone else saying that you should see a doc, but in case you're still skeptical here are the symptoms of depression:   Fatigue, changes in eating habits, lack of energy, no longer enjoying previously pleasurable activities, lowered sex drive, suicidal thoughts, trouble sleeping or sleeping too much, feelings of guilt/worthlessness, persistent sad and anxious mood and thoughts.   Keep in mind that depression can happen regardless of your environment or life circumstances, and that it can be as much chemical as it is emotional. Anybody can be clinically depressed.
I just want to say I really like the casual atmosphere of threads and I hope they stay.   Anyways, I've been rereading my favorite book recently, The Things They Carried. It's so good. I'm not a huge reader and I usually hate consuming a piece of media more than once but this book is brilliant, it's got so much depth that rereading it even for the 3rd or 4th time feels like discovering something new as opposed to just retreading familiar ground.
Yep. I cackle like an idiot when RNG does something really miraculous to ruin my plays, almost as much as I would if it happened to the opponent. Because it's funny, and it's just a casual card game. There is rarely, if ever, anything actually at stake.
Thank you for your response! And I agree, as a person who's been interested in game design their whole life, the rise of procedurally generated games has been very exciting to me. It's so fascinating that in games like that as you add more content the game just gains depth organically. The Binding of Isaac is a good example of this. I've often wondered about diminishing returns in terms of content when it comes to procedural generation, or whether it's possible to create "the perfect game", one with so much procedural content that it never becomes stale or boring to play.   But I guess that's a little off topic. We Happy Few looks great so far, I can't wait to hear more about it. Good luck!
Does all that happen? I completely forgot. I guess I might have to reread it all again
What's your job?
Alright so I just wanted to report back with some of my experiences. With some arena grinding and a lucky pack I managed to obtain the two cabals and second lightbomb, and after some testing I just wanted to confirm that you're right, both of these cards are essential and improve consistency so much. I've found that aggressive midrange matchups have improved enormously, zoo especially is so much easier now. Cabals absolutely destroy them. It seems like the second Cabal experiences a lot of diminishing effectiveness in most other matchups but not enough to cut it.   After testing mind control a bit I decided that it's far better than ooze. It absolutely seals the deal on paladin matchups and helps a lot with dragon warrior, druid and handlock. Any of the slower matchups really. Ooze just doesn't do enough against aggro to justify its secondary usefulness and the weapon-based matchups don't need that much help to begin with. I think I'll try testing Boom and Sylvanas out sometime in the next few weeks.   What I find I've struggled with most recently is tempo mage. With the removal of zombie chows and ooze it's hard to deal with mirror entity, and they either overwhelm me early on or whittle me down enough to burst at the end. Cabals help a ton in the midgame but those are often too slow and if I don't draw SW:P I end up having a hard time managing their threats. I'm thinking maybe shadowform shouldn't be used until very late when you're out of range of burst? I often end up wishing I could heal myself before she can draw her finishers.   Oh and one last thing, do you have any tips for tech choices and the cards that might be replaced? I feel like smite, the second cabal and shrinkmeister might be replaceable, but that's all I can think of. In terms of tech maybe MCT. What do you think of Thaurissan?  Sorry if it's annoying to keep coming back to this post months later, it's just one of the few real shadowform decks out there and it's such an interesting deck to talk about. I won't be offended if you want me to stop :P
There's a very good Shadowform decklist and commentary here: http://www.reddit.com/r/CompetitiveHS/comments/2y75fc/legend_rank_shadow_priest_feb_2015/  I love this deck and it's a blast to play, but I can't comment on its effectiveness as I'm not a great player. Even so I pull at least a 50% winrate with it  overall in ranked.   There's another version here that's decent but I haven't used it as much: http://www.hearthpwn.com/decks/205554-control-shadowform-priest-road-to-legend-update
I have. I don't go to them for news but I've read many of their reviews over the years and they're always at least adequate.
Alright, I think I will test Thaurissan a bit then. Believe it or not Day9 is actually running a shadowform priest right now that he's been building over the last few weeks. He's definitely not the best deckbuilder in the world but it's interesting to see the different choices he makes and how they play out for him. He runs a Mass Dispel and Doomlords, for instance. [Here's the deck](https://youtu.be/5Y1PHS_asxA) in its current iteration
My bad, I took your comment as saying that because football doesn't use comeback mechanics neither should smite. I should stop skimming these posts before commenting
I have, yeah. It's not useful during a fight and not useful at the start of it, it's only good after a fight, and since you have no reason to use your 2 after a fight it ends up being pretty situational.
Waterfall in my pants
The PS3 is absolutely still worth it. I don't think I'll ever be through playing games on it, the library is just massive.
To be fair it's pretty tough if you don't. He's just so aggressive. I'm a veteran DS1 player and on my most recent challenge run I fought him midrolling without parrying and it was pretty damn difficult, even for me.   Although to be fair, not using a shield might also have had something to do with it
Thanks. I've tried somebody else's tweaks and they got it to go from totally unplayable to just a little unplayable :P but I'll try these when I get the chance.
It's not that big of a deal. I've basically hit the ceiling on the things I can get from the warbarge and all I really get is 80k ISK per day, 5000 SP per day and 3% extra weapon damage. All of those can be achieved within a pretty short amount of time.
I haven't been able to play a new Souls game in more than a year, don't ruin this for me.
Me irl
Tomoko is me_irl paydirt
Oh I totally missed that, my bad
Man, that was a beautiful comic. I'm glad I... wait...[ what's that sound?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vr4IYjeplJA)   Oh no...
So I could play an amazing final boss that was 100% worth it and I would totally slaughter all my friends again for  Fight me
That was the first thing I tested when I saw I made him mad. I was fully prepared to be obliterated on the spot. Good thing he's a pacifist!
&gt;2x5mg of melatonin  Holy guacamole that's way too much, most of what I've read says even 2mg is many times the normal amount of melatonin the body produces at night. Apparently it's more effective in small doses than large ones. At the very least, 1.5 mg is way more effective than the whole 3mg pill for me.
I'm glad somebody finally decided to say something here. I've seen it a million times before, the quality and quantity of communication with the playerbase will make or break an online game. Players will defend your game to the death if you tell them everything that's going on, but silence will only cause people to leave.   So thanks for the info! :)
Probably. I live near Anaheim, if that makes any difference.   &gt; All of my friends have iPhones and Starbucks.  Isn't that pretty much everywhere in the US?
It's funny, I tried reading that manga recently and couldn't get into it. The artstyle is excellent but the characters all looked exactly the same without color and the writing seemed fairly weak (but that may just be the translation)
Just call me Apache
I don't give a single fuck if sledge is a newbie class. I'll stay a newbie for the rest of my life as long as I get to keep that sexy hammer.
It will never be as idealized as it was in the game. Having kids is hard as fuck and will never turn out the way you think it will
I use Lazarus and a beautiful Chrome extension called Backstop in order to circumvent this program. I haven't backspaced out of a page in years. It's a beautiful thing.
Okami still has one of the best endings of any game I've ever played. Every time I reach that ending and The Sun Rises starts playing I have to wipe my eyes.
It seems to be a part of gaming culture. Which is depressing, because it's my favorite hobby and I wish people would be more positive about it.
These aren't people I'm hanging out with. These are just things I've observed, primarily on the internet.
I like that attraction :(
Risk of Rain definitely isn't perfect and it isn't for everyone. Personally I want to love the game and have played it a lot, but the nature of the gameplay and the lack of build variety a la Binding of Isaac makes it feel very monotonous after a while.
The first person coaster riding completely blew my mind as a kid. It was one of the most immersive things I'd seen in a game up to that point. That and building death parks was WAY cooler in RCT3 since the coaster would barrel all the pedestrians out of the way when it hit them. RCT 1 and 2 were arguably better games, and my PC at the time could barely run 3, but I'll still remember it most fondly.
I guess I'm not alone in saying that I would also consider paying $9 plus shipping for something like this. That's actually a very reasonable price for a custom made item sold to enthusiasts.
[Wow, I thought I was the only one!](http://i.imgur.com/EunOAeA.jpg)  Note: It's held together by orange tape, not peanut butter. Also that is a plastic knife
I felt the same about RoA when I first got into it, but as far as I'm aware many of the online problems have been fixed, or at least mitigated. It now natively supports most gamecube controller adapters too.
I only aimed down sights for a split second before backing off because he threw a nitro charge
I remember liking his videos, what did he do?
I agree, I'm a little disappointed he lost because of the recent episode hype train. Shirt Club isn't even that bad, and most of Buck Dewey's lines in the other episodes are gold.  &gt;Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. You got that much-needed counterpart to our cynical world view.  He's like the Garnet of the beach city citizens.
Hooray! I'm really starting to actually like IQ, so this video arrived at the perfect time. You da best Serenity
