Personally, I still think the best Steven face is [this very strangely-animated one from Marble Madness.](http://i.imgur.com/ohsy8xd.jpg)
I've tried running it in every mode. None of them launch.  I'm hoping that the patch today manages to fix this issue.
I have.
Does that clip not have audio or is it a problem specifically with me?
It happened about day or two ago. The original thread can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/39nzat/where_would_someone_go_about_getting_a_verified/), and her deleted thread can be found [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/stevenuniverse/comments/39oecy/well_i_was_gonna_hold_off_a_little_bit_on_this_but/).  Personally, I don't believe it either, but it's entirely possible that at the time of posting the second thread the mods hadn't replied, so they nuked it.  If she was a fake, wouldn't they have also removed the original thread asking about a Crewniverse flair?
Fuck that, all my shit's gone!
For me it has "Chille Tid; We Need To Talk" for the description. I have Comcast.
I was really pondering if I should include that.
[Did it to her close-up.](http://imgur.com/a/rRJo4) She honestly looks adorable with her old eye design all in one color.  I couldn't get the highlights quite right on her pupil-only version. But it's not that noticeable unless you look close.
I've seen it before, but it's worth showing off again.  I used your font in making my [StevenBomb Bingo template](http://i.imgur.com/GQMHFNx.png) and [card.](http://i.imgur.com/H4qxz3i.png)  You did an excellent job. Thank you!
I usually use the TV as background visuals. Doesn't really matter what's on, but I had it on Cartoon Network that day. Now I'd heard about Steven Universe before and wrote it off as another kid's show.  I turn to look out the window and instead my eye catches on what's actually playing. It's the ending of Warp Tour, just when Steven catches the Robonoid and starts to float into the void, accepting death. I unmute the TV and watch, entranced, as Peridot makes a brief appearance and the Gems start to panic.  I remember it struck me because of the note that the episode ended on.  &gt; "Was that another Gem? Where did she come from? What was she trying to do?"  &gt; "It doesn't matter." -escalating music and destruction of the Warp Pad- "She's not coming back." -cut to black-  That made me sit stunned for a few moments before determining I needed to look up this show.
I feel like once Steven feels like he's grown up, he's just going to EXPLODE in height.  His parents are built like a bouncer and an amazonian, he has it in him to be a tank of a person. We've even seen what he *thinks* he's going to look like when he's an adult in Too Many Birthdays. His view of "adult" is basically Jasper-levels of huge.
I don't regret watching it but that's because I don't really care about spoilers.  What I will say is this: it basically spoils two major character stories in one 5-second clip.
It took me a second viewing to understand what exactly Peridot was doing, as well. But once it clicked, it's now honestly one of my favorite scenes in the entire show.  It's a very good way to show you exactly what a character is good and bad at. Peridot understands mechanics but not abstract concepts. Which, funnily enough, pops up again later in the episode when she doesn't understand the concept of *why* the rebels actually rebelled. She understands the causes and effects of the rebellion, but not the feelings behind it.  Mechanically, she's right in saying the rebellion *didn't* actually solve anything, because it didn't. But conceptually, she completely misses the point. Steven mistakes her compliance for understanding, but you can still see her struggling with concepts as she's talking. "Interest without meaning? Solutions without problems?"
Imgur has an album limit of 150, so I had to split it into three parts.  [Part 2](http://imgur.com/a/CMZZ5)  [Part 3](http://imgur.com/a/3zOLg)  I went through all of the episodes and gathered as many interesting or funny faces as I could, along with a few other things that could become emotes such as the shots of Earth from space. [Here is my favorite.](http://i.imgur.com/GDhHLSi.jpg)
My heart isn't ready for Bokuto after the last game.
While I'm not sure of how obscure they are, I've always enjoyed Last Days of Lorca.  I first learned of them through Beat Hazard as one of the tracks in that game was [With All Clarity.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_5aG436Eng) It's easily one of my favorite songs (I still listen to it years later which is rarely the case with me), alongside [A Lighthouse Waits](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1QkfbvSWG4M) and [I Start Fires/We Start Riots.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4t2xysHiPQ)  As far as I can tell they're still together, but they don't have a lot of music.
It's a toss-up between Omniknight and Necrophos. For the record, I primarily play Timbersaw.  Omniknight is a massive pain in the ass because he shuts down any potential of a solo kill when he's around. Timbersaw is a hero with a very small window of domination: after he gets a Bloodstone, and before enemies pick up a BKB. Turns out a hero that can give anyone a free BKB that never loses duration from the 2-minute mark prevents a lot of kills.  Necrophos because fuck that aura and fuck 30 extra seconds on the respawn timer. I shouldn't need to take 2 points in Reactive Armor just so my health stops falling because I had the AUDACITY to try to come remotely close to the creep wave.
Thank you! [Now I've got a spiffy new rainmeter skin.](http://i.imgur.com/JflTUJj.jpg)
And that's why I never used a companion if I could avoid it.  Why would I tote around someone who's more harm than help AND judges me for every action I make? So I can participate in some poorly-written companion questlines?  No thanks, I'll be a lone wanderer. Makes this shit way more bearable.
"I've seen some shit, I'm taking a nap!"
I personally did it with Nightstalker Aghs + Gem + Iron Talon.  Like hell I'm gonna let anyone steal my shit.
Now I am nowhere near what could be considered "good," but I do play myself a lot of Timbersaw. A few comments to make based on these points:  * Obviously whenever possible, attempt to harass AND kill creeps with Whirling Death at the same time (something Badman actually fails to do on one or two occasions in the clips). But Whirling Death's stat drain actually varies depending on the match-up, and you shouldn't always prioritize harassment over last hits depending on the hero. 15% of a hero's base stat (does not include stats from items) will only amount to 5-7 stat points around level 6. This equates to 100-140 max hp for str, 60-84 mana for int, and ~1 armor and 5-7 AS for agi and equivalent damage loss across the board. So basically if they don't regularly use spells as an int hero, or they're an agi hero outright, this harassment tactic is significantly weaker. Also be mindful against str/int that lowering their max hp/mana means bottle restores more if they bottle up while their stats are low and wait for the debuff to fall off. * The Reactive Armor point is noteworthy for ALL Timbersaw players, though I always find it debatable how many points to put into Reactive Armor. When I play mid, I always favor a 2/2/1 build that proceeds to max Timber Chain, because I regularly have no survival problems in lane, 2 points in Whirling Death enables me to harass a bit harder while also securing more last hits, and maxing Chain facilitates ganks better due to the increased range. If you're being heavily harassed or actively plan on diving often, there's merit in more than 1 Reactive Armor. * The idea of using your ult as a surprise is always a clever thing to do on any hero, but I found it funny here because not only did Badman not set up the ranged creep properly to die, but he also attempted a kill on Storm Spirit with a hero that has no lockdown whatsoever. Had Badman *not* screwed up, Storm could have still just decided "fuck this" and ran away. The gank salvages his attempt, but ultimately the engagement could have ended with both him and Storm walking away from each other at low hp. Storm is a bit of a unique case due to his mobility, but perhaps it would have been more prudent to not go for a kill at all and instead use Chakram merely as a harassment tool to better-secure his own farm and possibly set up Storm for a longer gank. * The harassment Badman does in the next point is what I was talking about. Though it should be noted that I'm not entirely sure if he *would* have gotten the kill on Storm Spirit had he not flubbed the cooldown - Storm may have had enough time between Chakram's cast and Chakram's recall to Ball Lightning to safety at ~100 hp, after which he probably would have simply gone back to base instead of sticking around. The Void gank was just improper awareness by the enemy team. * Throwing Chakram at your feet is the same concept as laying down an Ice Wall to escape as Invoker. Basic skill, but useful to keep in mind.
I'm not entirely familiar with Meepo (never played a game of him in my life), but I could have sworn Earthbind cancels animations when it lands.  I don't know if Earthbind ends a chain mid-pull, but I'm pretty sure it can at least cancel the cast point.
What I tend to do when mid is 2/2/1/1 and then max chain, just so I can rotate easily. The 2 points in Whirling Death help me harass and last hit just that extra bit harder.  I can see the merit for maxing Reactive in mid, but I rarely ever get harassed to the point of needing more than 1 point. So I use my level advantage to get as much damage as possible and either rotate around or flash farm. The one thing I really hate about maxing Reactive is it slows down how fast you can flash-farm by a fair bit.
~~Greaves is an interesting item (truthfully I've only ever gone Greaves once as Timber, for the battle pass quest) but Lotus Orb doesn't really accomplish anything.~~  ~~Aside from the fact that KotL can give himself mana, I would gladly mana leak both of us to ensure Timbersaw loses all of his mana in one spell.~~  So Lotus Orb dispels debuffs on use. Who knew? Not me! Disregard this.
I really do hope they announce something else with the Splatoon IP soon. It absolutely oozes style and charm, and it's probably my favorite new IP in recent years. It's also one of the few games I still go back to listen to the soundtrack of.  Luckily, based on game sales and the fact that they have 2 different manga set in the Splatoon world, it would appear that a lot of people fell in love with Splatoon as well. I'd say the chances of a sequel are high.
For some particular reason, maybe it was just because of the stuff I was going through at the time of watching, but Toradora hit me *hard.* I normally don't cry, or if I do it's just a little bit of tears for a few minutes at a very sad part. But Toradora sent me into straight bawling for what felt like hours on my first viewing, like it triggered an emotional breakdown.  I've rewatched it and it still gets me a bit but nothing close to that first viewing.
This year's best girl contest is going to have **both** KonoSuba and Re:Zero girls.  Let that sink in for a moment.  On that same topic, I decided in advance that I was going to support Megumin wholeheartedly, and figured she'd go up against Rem at some point. Thus, I decided to watch Re:Zero to see what the big fuss was about. I now cannot support Megumin if she faces Rem. I just can't. Megumin beats a lot of people but she does not beat Rem. I've read the KonoSuba LNs and she *still* doesn't beat Rem even before I read the Re:Zero web novel synopses.
I'm not saying Rem will win. But I am saying that after watching Re:Zero, I cannot bring myself to vote against Rem despite having read all of the KonoSuba LNs. I know exactly what happens with Megumin in this season, and it isn't enough to get me to vote against Rem.  I will bring a thunderous campaign for Megumin in every other match-up, even against the other Re:Zero girls. But I cannot pull the trigger on Rem. Not even for explosions.
I had forgotten there were Goron in Wind Waker, to be honest. Didn't remember them at all and just assumed they were wiped out since they're not exactly water-friendly people. As for why I said the Gerudo can't exist, it's because the desert in which they lived is flooded. If they joined the Hylians and evacuated to the mountains, then they interbred and became not-Gerudo anymore. While it's possible they did travel far away, we certainly haven't heard any tales of an all-female band of pirates or whatever roaming the Great Sea.
Ah, my mistake. I thought I'd read elsewhere he was Ukrainian.
"It makes me feel... important."
No idea, as I've never bought one myself.
For me, it's gotta be Inuyasha. I was a kid in the Toonami era and had a passing interest in DBZ, but it didn't get me enthralled with anime because I saw it more as an action cartoon than an entirely different form of media. Sailor Moon probably would have done a better job at sucking me in, but it carried the stigma of a "girl's show" so I avoided it.  Inuyasha was airing on Adult Swim right around the time that I was in middle school and actually had the willpower and freedom to stay up and watch it on the weekends. And looking back on it, the reason it grabbed me the way it did was because it lured me in with demons and over-the-top strength and all that, and then proceeded to *actually* be a romance story disguised as a battle anime. An Isekai one at that, which is surprisingly relevant given the current trend of anime about high schoolers trapped in a fantasy world. There was blood, there was swearing, there was perversion, there was intimate romance, there was everything enticing to an adolescent boy that simultaneously wouldn't be shown by "normal" western cartoons.  Pokemon was the first anime I watched, DBZ was the first anime I could appreciate as good, and Inuyasha was the first anime that made me think "maybe these aren't just cartoons."
How fast do these things usually sell out?  I've been going back and forth over whether or not to preorder it because I'll probably forget I even ordered it by the time it ships. And if I don't get billed until it ships, I don't like the idea of a surprise $60 charge that I forgot I set up 7 months ago. If they don't sell out fast I might as well not even preorder it, or not preorder it until a few weeks before it releases.
Kanna actually does hide her horns and tail when in human form, if I remember correctly.  No idea why Tohru doesn't.
I've never really paid much attention to the group.  If a manga catches my interest, I go after it. If there's more than one group doing it (which there usually isn't), I go with whichever one comes out first unless it's poor quality.  The case of Mangastream scanlating the last chapter of Nisekoi was a rather-unique case of a group taking the last chapter of a popular series solely for views. In cases where two groups are just competing and scanlating the same manga, I usually don't consider the competition.  There are like three groups doing Magi right now and Sense Scans usually feels like it's the highest-quality of all of the groups. But if they're too slow with their releases then I'll read it from whichever group isn't garbage quality that comes out sooner.
Okay I've watched plenty of slice of life so I feel like I should know this but I have to ask:  When does the school year start and end for the average Japanese high school? As in, when do first years start, when do first years become second years, when do second years become third years, and when do third years graduate?  Because I've seen plenty of anime and manga where you have the new first years rotating in, but it already seems like the second and third years had already been attending school for that year for at least a few weeks. I know Japan doesn't have one long summer break like American schools, but thinking about it gives me the feeling that each "grade" starts at a different time during the year.
Kirin was a massive pain in the ass for me to fight in 4U. Unless I was using a GS I couldn't even consistently break its horn before I killed it.  In Generations, Aerial DBs kick the shit out of it.
When I originally heard the concept of Evolve, I had envisioned something like the hunters touching down and having to figure out what the monster was from its footprints and what it was eating (perhaps certain monsters couldn't eat certain animals). So yes, neither side would have any idea what the other was going to actually be so you couldn't just pick hunters that directly countered a specific monster.  Another small hope I had was something that allowed the monsters to better-evade the hunters. An example would be being able to use a ranged attack to trigger birds from far away, and then head in the opposite direction. Imagine my disappointment when I got into the first open beta, picked Goliath, threw a rock at birds, and they didn't even move.  At the end of the day I was expecting a game that allowed for more planning and forethought, when in reality it turned out to just be one big chase sequence in almost every game.
I was wondering if there was going to be an official rewatch.  I haven't seen it but wanted to watch before season 2 came out, and figured doing it alongside a rewatch would be fun.
Thanks. I didn't even spell Odin right - I did the spelling of a character in WoW. So I was wrong on two fronts!
I've recently been practicing my Tracer and I swear to god I've died more to random scattershots than half of the other heroes combined.
He's given her that same non-answer before and she told him then that she doesn't like when he's not clear and direct.  This time she nearly speared him with a pipe.
Earlier today I got my grav surge reflected back at me. I shot it at the ground. Genji was double-jumping over my head.  What the fuck.
A few days ago I typed a bunch of wrong versions of her name as a joke so the correct version has been burned into my memory ever since.
I'm honestly happier about this than I would have been about a Pokemon "Stars" announcement. I really liked the Black 2/White 2 style of direct sequel in the same generation, because it lets us explore the region and see what happened down the line.  They didn't say if it would be taking place years after, only that it was an "alternate story in the Alola region." BUT IMAGINE THE POSSIBILITIES! GUZMA COULD BE A TRIAL CAPTAIN NOW!  Alola was my favorite region and I'm glad we're going back.
Pulled six out of my folders.  [1.](https://gfycat.com/EllipticalAdoredAfricanaugurbuzzard)  [2.](http://i.imgur.com/VDCPAoP.gif)  [3.](http://i.imgur.com/evjOHFC.gif)  [4.](http://i.imgur.com/g8JWMzl.gif)  [5.](http://i.imgur.com/PQPTu2B.gif)  [6.](http://i.imgur.com/uW330qS.gif)
&gt; Don't know her but damn your cute looks transcends my ignorance of you...votes  This is usually my go-to method in the head-to-head brackets if I don't know either character. But there are just too damn many entrants this time around to do it in the elimination stage.
