If its on sale, make sure it isn't still higher than the current [amazon price](http://www.amazon.co.uk/Monster-Hunter-Ultimate-Nintendo-3DS/dp/B00LEW3GAO).  As for N3DS vs regular. I hope new is XL because you want XL to actually see/appreciate the game. I am currently using a circle pad pro for my 3DSXL and its awesome actually, its much comfier than curling my hands around the 3DSXL on its own.  I believe the game saves to the cartridge anyway so if you're planning on getting both MH4U and a New3DS evetually you may as well go for the game NOW GET IT NOW PLAY IT BECAUSE ITS AMAZING
Wandering the lands slaying anything that poses a threat.  With my Caravan in tow and every possible piece of equipment crafted, I would no longer be hunting for pleasure or sport.  I hunt because I must.  I hunt to protect.  I hunt so we can carry on living.  I am a Monster Hunter.
That's the once I've been using  Tigrex is my most hated monster though, so hopefully I can sort myself out and start smashing its face with my sheild.
I would love to have Gog or even Dalam gear but they've never even seen a shaguru :(  A good setup I use is 2x required colour, 2x unreal blocking, 1x Skill tech.  They block almost everything and the attack is almost always attack \^  I hope my setup helps with info but I don't know any numbers at all.
Not only does it assist with being able to see/aim all of the time.  ITS SO COMFY  Tried it without and the ds is so tiny in my hands without it. I'm pretty sure the CPP also helps with your hands in ways such of RSI, my i don't get the sharp pain I used to get with mini 3DSXL
I Killed my first G-Rank Jho in the episode quest for Cha Cha and Kambaya.  Carved my first Crook upon killing it. Solo.
Oh i didn't even see the 3 gems lol So focused on the crook. Gratz!  I once carved 2 gems from a single jho, then had 3 gems in reward box, then got a gem in a subquest.  i think this was the Savage caravan Jho the first time I fought him. 6 Gems one quest =P
The only move that causes me problems is the Horn-flick  I farmed Diablos Quite a bit back in Tri, which made Monoblos quite easy when i found him, and then zero issues with other blos.  Apart from White Mono, what is that guy on?
There was a post here recently that made me hunt this way.  It was about a couple of friends who picked up the game in Tri and hunted together. Then they got to the Qurepeco and was like maan why is this bird so small.  Then it called a Rathian.  They were hyped when they managed to kill it and said this isn't a game anymore, this is a hunt!   So recently, when I fight, I've been sitting back, collecting my extracts and then hammering in with leg/face/mounts.  Don't get hit, hit it till it dies.
Additionally, I love using my insect glaive for this.  I recently Solo'd the Cha Cha episode quest for the G-Rank Jho.  I ran around it in circles, away, up to it, under it. Constantly keeping myself buffed, hitting it whenever it has openings, mounting it when I feel like it, Wystoning when I can.  My Bug put in so much work during that fight. About 50% of flinches came from a charge Kinsect. That includes flinches to knock it out of an attack!
So far the only Gathering Hall G-Rank monster I have Solo'd is the episodic quest for Cha Cha and Kayamba. It took forever, hopefully it wasn't weakened, making my first Grank solo less but it was so intense!
Maybe an exaggeration on "well defined "  I'm not sure what you mean by well defined but weighing in at about 11.4 stone, all I have is skin and lack of muscle.   All I need is to build it a bit and its easily visible.
I am GMT and I can be online about 6.30PM.   HOPEFULLY, I still ahve my kirin quest. I levelled it up to G rank when I was only high rank and I couldn't farm it anymore becasue it requires G3 and I was only lowly G1.  I seriously think my brother may have deleted it like a fucktart though. but we'll see
G3 and I still don't understand snowman. Do i just spin the move stick as you'd expect?  I spin to escape pins and stuns so I expect snowman is the same, spinning on the spot just seems useless though.
I've had a single game freeze.  Went to sit down for some food and MEOW FOR FOR YOU
I agree, I try to open with W so I get the speed proc on who I want and then proceed to AA &gt; Q &gt; AAA &gt;(dash) &gt; AAAAA. My low attack speed build with CDR boots allows me to kite more without losing too much dps too.
I got a relatively large wrist rest, foam, soft and floppy thing. It came in a box which could fit at least 10 of them in it, and a ridiculous amount of air bags. Amazon love their huge boxes.
Wake up sex is so good until the alarm goes off :(
I'm only 23, I've already changed my mind though. I used to really think I wanted kids, over the past 4 years it has got less and less and now I dread the thought of wanting kids but I don't want to go full infertile mode just in case.  I don't believe I will want kids, the time and money they require is just too much, I want to be selfish with my life and there is nothing wrong with that.
My Girlfriend had an XFX R9-290X. That thing ran like Wildfire, we used Furmark to test the abilities and heat of it, it would rest about 75 and then got ~90^o C when in use. Shit was hot.
Biochemistry. 3 Year degree. 2 years in, too depressed and not interested enough to complete it. 2.5 years of Uni and come out with a Diploma of Higher education. Meh, working sales/marketing office job now.
I'd love to have enough motivation to learn a new language! Keep it up! I bet the achievement outweighs the struggle.
Smashing a Dragons face in with a massive Sword/Hammer/Sheild/Axe/Explosion as its about to blast you with fire or take off and slap you with its tail.  Jumping off a ledge and mounting a monster as it charges towards you trailing explosions. Knocking it over and chopping off its mace of a tail which causes it to flinch and roar at you in outrage as you charge towards it yourself ready to cause even more damage to its highly evolved form.  Monster Hunter is the Most badass I have felt in a game.
As someone who isn't 25 yet, I saw this with some relief. Then realised only 1 year to go and got worried again.
I have Surgeon Shen and I think it looks kinda Naff compared to the others' updates
Yea good, thanks. I don't usually watch these but I appreciate the effort to show people such as me :)
I used to play so much solo, before all of my friends got into it and we started pertying up, it would be non stop solo games.  Now I barely play solo but I'm trying to get back into it, I still love the game but premades have spoilt me.  Could this begin a downfall of solo players even more? A lot of people wouldn't bother to start soloing avain once they're friends are on less and just move on..
I've lost count of how many times even this one Morty has been reposted.
It does great on my back pain.  Holy shit $19?!
Oh yes, it works great on neck pain too!
Yea mines done that a few times. Rather than hovering back oevr and clicking the screen, try selecting leagues through either alt+tab or Win+tab. This usually works for me.
Whos complaining about the numbers? Numbers 1-10 should be worded and anything over is usually numerical.  I'm 23 and I almost did all of these things but without the games console because poor. I did end up with a dreamcast and Sonic Adventure (which I never even completed). And I only ever saw one episode of the Freza vs Goku, it was the one where **spoilers** Goku warns Freza and he's like ahahah why should I trust you *SLICE URGH*
I'll join you once I'm old enough to have kids. For now at 23, its still off the table as a smart idea, not just as a choice.
I do this in normal games.  But if you mean ranked, yes I also want to tryhard in ranked as off-meta champs. My "smurf" is level 23 at the moment :(
Since masteries came out I always wanted a way to view my friends Masteries. They tell me they're mastered 5 champs to level 5, I can only see 3 and the rest are the stupid 8 in-progess nearest to completetion. I'll be bookmarking this so I can join in the discussions with my buddies who live in other houses.
Came here because my dog made me sad.  Same situati ish with bad liver and generally doing very badly.  My dog isn't in pain and she just has no energy or liveliness. I don't think we're going to have her put down, for the time shes alive and not in pain, she can have the same company she loves.  Enjoy the rest of the time with your cat, I know its been a couple of days but I hope you're chugging along. Losing our little buddies isn't going to be easy but keep them happy while they're still with us.
I once sent by Wii back maybe 5 times to support to have it repaired first time, outside of warranty, the next 4 times within the repair warranty period.  Every time I got it back, same problem persisting, would not turn on. Turns out it was my fault using an incompatible power cable which wasn't allowing it to turn on, but was turning on a different Wii...  Ooops, but the support people were very patient, free return every single time, and 4 times they received a Wii in full working condition and kept taking it in and looking it over.
Same, from the UK, I have never seen clothes priced differently based on sizes. Everthing is a set standard, from shoes, dresses, shirts, jeans etc  It is actually less fair because even a size 18 is noticeably larger than a size 10 but the cost the same.
Wow really? That's not even that bad and the processor is from 2012.  Is it a laptop and have you ever cleaned it out? I have an old laptop which would run things fine but I dropped it and I'm pretty sure I dislodged the CPU from the radiator and now it gets super hot and got really slow. I used to play leagues on it, it was fine for maybe 2 games at 30fps and then dropped to sub-20 if i kept playing.
My first legendary was Scavenger D.Va who I played most during beta and is still my favorite. Feelsgoodman
I got white Rabbit in the Beta with currency. I felt like it was a waste to be honest. It really didn't feel like enough of a difference even though it was only 250c  The legendaries are definitely supercool, I didn't think I'd want scrap until I got it but i think mech-less D.Va looks better in scrap/scavenger than she does in B.Va or Junebug.
I actually thought about this when I've told people about this. Because yes it would be the cells and it would be really interesting to see the extent of the change caused by a repair/replacemnt brain treatment.  But then in some stroke patients with severely damaged one side of the brain. With proper therapy the single half can take over all tasks
I do not play support, however I am not high mmr so this might not even affect me.  &gt;We are hoping that if you feel like you're getting your primary most of the time, you're more willing to put support as secondary  However, allowing me to get my primary role will not make me queue support more. If I am given the option to queue for 2 roles to get them, I don't want to end up in an off-role. I understand there will be a notification when you are placed in autofill? Why not just assign rewards for having people select the "Fill" option.  &gt;we don't want people to play something that they don't think is fun just to get IP  You say you don't want people to play something they don't see as fun just to get IP, however, the current iteration of auto-fill is potentially making people play something they don't think is fun for no bonus apart from better wait times. Shouldn't you give the player the option to save time on queue and play an off-role rather than automatically applying it.  I know imaqtpie picks Fill as a role pretty much all the time to reduce his queue times, this is something better to address rather than forcing (Is it forced?) it upon people.
Oh god Ekko, Picked him up and I have so much love to give! Let me give my money!!!
My mum once found a circle of cardboard.  It was a label for our dog bed. The label said "Dog bedding"  I'm pretty sure when she asked me about it, she thought it was a DVD and was asking where this "Dog Bedding disc" came from.  Its a fucking label. You think I need to burn my animal porn onto a DVD?
I didn't know they didn't default to Max.  I've only just changed everything to High/Ultra!
Damn, filling out the application form I feel horribly inadequate! But I suppose they know the user submissions and a bit of infor from the application :)  I've submitted myself!
I have lower back pain and doctors have no idea what it is  Welp, time to get tested for a tumor
You can see the confusion  "I told my husband"
My gfs cat will just walk away when you try to stroke her.  Then come bedtime, up she pops, sits down next to yoj and stares with the squinty eyes asking for attention and rolling over for some belly rubs too. They definitely prefer it on their terms.
