I think that would be pretty easy!  If I wanted to use the internet I could easily keep myself entertained with youtube/wikipedia/whatever for a day.
Sideburn Sid. He was called Glenn and he lived on the army base with a load of huge snakes.   Or the kid who used to pass out every time we did sex ed or anything even remotely related to genitals or reproduction. Poor bastard.
A time where I need the money for something essential.
My farts.
There was a guy....I want to say Ben, here who slept with Peaches Geldof and posted pictures. I believe they took heroin together too.  I would link but I just tried and got some pretty NSFW results so no dice.
I did the same recently, someone pointed it out to me so thought I would do the same as I actually didn't realise!
8 fingers and 1 thumb. I originally wrote 2 thumbs but realised I actually only use my right thumb for spaces, the left one is doing nothing!
ME?!
I admit I find that a little odd.
3 cups.  One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30.  Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano.  Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
A job for a company that has offices all over the world.  I am currently trying to transfer from England to Australia.
The first time he did it - kinda pissed off and disappointed but sort of understood.  Well she screwed him over pretty bad and he came back and all was good.  Then he did it again with the next girl and that was pretty much it for me, haven't seen him since another mates wedding last year. I think it's a pretty shitty personality trait so it's his loss I guess, he has to live with it.
I think that's fine. It wouldn't be my choice but I am probably less content in life and well balanced than this dude, he seems happy going to Butlins!
Someone asked about coffee a few hours ago, am I missing something?  Anyway, 3 cups of coffee a day for me.  One upon waking up, as in I literally press go on the machine by my bed and drink it while coming back to my senses. This is at 7:30.  Then I get one from the coffee bar at work at around 10am (with my Marmite toast), just a regular sized black Americano. Then my 3rd is usually around 3pm, another black Americano at work.
Derek Paravicini.  &gt; Paravicini was born extremely prematurely, at 25 weeks. His blindness was caused by oxygen therapy given during his time in a neonatal intensive care unit. This also affected his developing brain, resulting in his severe learning disability. He also has autism.  &gt;He has absolute pitch and can play a piece of music after hearing it once. He began playing the piano by the age of two when his nanny gave him an old keyboard. His parents arranged for him to attend the Linden Lodge School for the Blind in London. On his introductory visit to the school, in the music room he broke free from his parents, then headed straight for a piano being played, and then pushed the player, Adam Ockelford, aside to take over. Ockelford encouraged him and arranged first weekly and then daily lessons. Aged seven, Paravicini gave his first concert in Tooting Leisure Centre in South London.  [etc.](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Derek_Paravicini)
I think many places would be find with the beard, but it might not be worth the risk. If you are struggling to find work you really don't want to give anyone an excuse not to hire you.
Cockapoo. My ex's mum was allergic but had one of these, they don't malt which helps a lot. Plus they are cute as fuck.
I just don't really mind being single, I guess. I don't trust myself in a relationship as I don't really know what I want and often am too independent and it just causes issues.
It being sunny.  So rare here in the UK and it really makes my day so much better when the sun is shining. You guys in sunny places better appreciate it!
I have read some of the books and actually like that the show is different. It keeps things interesting.
This is about 10 minutes from my house! Yay?
Witcher 3 is rated for 18 year olds, how do you feel about that rating having played the game at 13?
Well assuming there are no issues in this hypothetical relationship I would see that she is in the mood and attempting to get me into the mood also, it would work and we would make the beast with two backs.  What happened OP? Did a guy just keep playing his game?
Nice, hopefully they have a similar temperament because he is by far the coolest cat I have ever met.
I actually only get this angry at my own stupidity.
That is a relief. I am hoping to come out there later in the year (for at least a year) so glad to know I will be able to get bladdered in a convenient way.
Thanks! Is that Castlemaine XXXX? They tried to bring that here years back but I guess it never really caught on!
I sent them a joke once, they completely ignored me.  Bastards.
I wonder if it will be really quiet for a while, definitely going to organise a visit!
I have never tried to hold it for that long so I am not too sure, it doesn't really hurt but it is a little disorienting. I am always worried they might stay that way because I was cross eyed as a kid!
Just to be clear, there are currently twelve sovereign monarchies in Europe.  We do have one (UK) and I ask myself this question from time to time!
Always refuse their first offer, they will add a hundred or so at least.  I wrote off my car earlier in the year and bought it back from them for the scrap value and fixed it with the rest if the payout. Worked out pretty well!
I must be a miserable bastard because a free hug from a stranger would not make my day better.
I would buy as many ice pops as possible and give them out. Might help a little, it's pretty sunny here today.
Deck of cards.  I spend hours and hours playing cards with my mates. A couple of quid should do it.
My sneezes are pretty violent, I can imagine hitting my chin on the desk and biting my tongue off. Pretty unlikely but still a concern!
Well the RLD in the Dam was part of what made me want to visit.  It's just a really interesting and different situation so I was curious to see it in the flesh. I didn't sample any of the delights myself, I am not into that at all, but it was still awesome to eat a crepe in the sun watching hookers and johns do their thing.
Man my hobbies are track driving, coin collecting and gliding and nobody IRL gives a shit!
Well it's a little different here in the UK, but I don't have sky which I guess puts me in a similar situation. If it's a big game/match then I will probably go to the pub with mates to watch it. If it's PPV I will go to a mate who owns a huge TVs house. Sometimes just stream them if I am not too worried about quality.  Luckily here you can catch a fair bit of sport without having Sky, the BBC can be pretty good plus ITV have coverage.  Oh and my IP has a TV Business and provide me with free sport channels online which often have decent stuff on.
Watching the croupiers and tipping them. I can't gamble but I enjoy observing it.
Spent a large percentage of my time on earth sat at a desk hating life.
Yeah sure. Though I have done it many times despite not liking it very much and I have a lot of mates who are rather keen on it/sell it who go to some lengths to get top stuff.  This is in the UK so I don't doubt quality is generally lower than the norm in the States, there are exceptions though.
In the UK at least ecstacy means pills, usually of questionable purity. MDMA comes in crystals and is pure. I find the effect each has on me to be noticeably different.
I can cook in a very basic sense.  So I can do things like Pasta, Fajitas, stir fry etc - not really proper cooking but makes a good meal from ingredients.  I can also so some basic things from scratch like Lasagne, shepherds/cottage pie, chilli con carne, pizza (I make the dough etc).  I can also bake pretty well, I work in a rather female office so this has become a necessity. I can make a pretty some pretty lovely cakes!
Fun Fact: There are called Mondegreens.  OK that wasn't that fun, but the reason is kind of fun:  &gt; [The term was inspired by "...and Lady Mondegreen," a misinterpretation of the line "...and laid him on the green," from the Scottish ballad "The Bonnie Earl o Moray."](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mondegreen)  &gt;&gt; Ye Highlands and ye Lowlands,   &gt;&gt; Oh, where hae ye been?   &gt;&gt; They hae slain the Earl o' Moray,   &gt;&gt; And laid him on the green.    Yes I am available for parties.
Pasta, probably. Usually with chilli and tomato sauce.  Once or twice a week, it's just so easy and delicious.
The English Midlands.
Running.  Ever ran as fast as you can when pissed drunk? It's amazing, you feel like you are flying and the very real danger of face planting makes it exciting as well.  Running sober fucking sucks.
Hmm, I save my for work most days and rarely encounter noisy poopers.  Do you work with unhealthy people?
24 heures du mans - We leave tomorrow eve!  Fallout 4 - Though I don't have the machine to play it yet.
