My partner enjoys gentle touching/circles of her cervix as well as lightly jiggling it or vigorously jiggling just below it without touching it. I've also heard this is a rare trait.
Making time before the day is late is an idea I like but have yet to be successful with.
I'd say it's more affirmation that it's what you want in that exact moment. I just discussed this with my wife as I'm the type that likes it gentle, but the risk of trying one her "kinks" without being told to and having it backfire (she doesn't like what I did in that moment) is a bit terrifying to me.  But also part of her kink is not that I'm doing it, is that I want to do it rough. She thinks she might be able to tell I'm faking cause I'm a nice guy and it won't be a turn on.  Plus the couple times I felt like being rough or taking what I wanted it backfired and I don't want to repeat those feelings or ever risk hurting her.  Even tiny clues or verbal hints would help. "Oh yeah you want me naughty boy" is something cheesy she'd never say, but if she said it in her "lust" voice I'd get the picture. Or "you gotta take it", or maybe an animalistic moan instead of a soft girly one.
My wife shaves smooth every week or so, I keep it trimmed very short all over and every orifice. I don't want to be that hairy old man, and enjoy when others can't tell how old I am. Both 30s.
Thank you very much for your response.
I had no idea their details, thanks!
I've tried it and so far it's interesting but I don't react as others describe. My advise is everyone should try it but not expect to be a rock star with it.  A few details: I've only tried solo prostate so far since the wife isn't yet into it. Fingers are difficult so I invested in an nJoy wand and a cheaper plastic one with a handle and vibrator. Results are that I still don't like anus contact or simulation, but once is in prostate massage does feel nice. I can't orgasm from it, but with some penis simulation I can. The orgasms are noticeably different, more tingling and tremble in my legs, and a bit more of the shock of a single hard hit on climax.  Slipping a small toy in is easy now, it's about control and being used to it. The bigger toy I tried as its the girth of my erection is difficult every time, and I feel bad asking my wife to take on such a task in her anus.  Good lube is important. I planned on doing a lube thread later.  I can post shopping links if needed.
Hegre and IFeelMyself are the only ones I consistently like, and my wife can get into.
I like to write out fantasy literature, often inspired by things I notice about my partner or ideas she gives me, and I take them to the next level, in extra detail.  I want to find a reader who really enjoys reading one, and then recreates one of them with me or with my partner.  Sorry if you were looking for specifics, that's about all you'll get from me.
I'm nerdy male who's know my partner 20 years, but only physically involved around 4 years with them.  We are a soft sex couple who is curious about others, a complicated open relationship. She also posts in this sub and r/sex .  I view both the female and male body as beautiful, and enjoy photography relating to it.  I grew out of an extremely sex-hidden family, with almost zero education when I was young.  I've spent much of my life studying sexuality and anatomy, I can never be satisfied when it comes to learning to new things.  Most of my posts on reddit are technology related using another account.  Most of the threads I make with this account are female eye candy (and gay male) /r/MaleUnderwear /r/ladybonersgw /r/penis /r/mangonewild  I frequently comment in /r/sex   I view [subreddits of soft core eye candy for straight men](https://www.reddit.com/r/RealGirls+nsfw+sex+nsfw_gifs+ass+Amateur+Boobies+dirtysmall+ginger+TinyTits+LipsThatGrip+grool+quiver+sexover30+gifsgonewild+gettingherselfoff+aa_cups+bodyperfection+PussyMound+SexyTummies+TwoXSex+GoneErotic+WorkIt+cunnilingus+translucent_porn).
I feel I'm much more confident and I wish I could go back and talk to my 20 year old self, sometimes I feel like much of my youth was wasted.  Whenever I see someone male or female that either resembles me physically or is in a similar situation that I was, I have the fantasy of swooping them up and teaching them everything I know in a mind blowing night of ecstasy.    Is this a fantasy of anyone else?
Intellectual compatibility isn't about "smarts", it's about mindset, aptitude, memory of experiences. Just how you shouldn't prejudice someone on how their body is built naturally, you shouldn't have a problem with different ways a mind can be wired.  In general, age groups are wired mentally closer than most differing groups. I find myself to be an exception, I don't fit into most groups at all. Some people think I'm childish, some people think I'm too serious.
Exactly this. My partner also does not get as intense orgasms from piv or gspot.  What does make me feel good as a male is when we spoon piv from behind, and I play with her clit to give her that intense orgasm she craves. I get to feel her clench around me too, it's very satisfying to give her the intensity she usually only gets from a toy in missionary.  Only downside is we are not face to face, and I love kissing and watching her cum. So most occasions she uses a vibrator while missionary, and occasionally I'll give her the big one with my hands (thumb on clit/fingers on gspot) while cuddling so I get to watch.
For me, only firm waving pressure does anything for me. I need to be quite aroused first too.
I agree, kegels do nothing as there is no way any clenching is going to stop my orgasm, it just makes it  less pleasurable and I feel like I'm strangling myself.  I've been doing kegels since childhood, and trying reverse for about 13 years. I'm not a master but sometimes it works. During foreplay, resisting is fun and is intense. When I give in and stop resisting and let my body naturally do kegels as a reaction to touch, it's way more intense.
I'm not sure if kegels have helped or not, since I've been doing it since childhood as part of masturbation routine.  My wife does say my ejaculations are much more intense than her other partners, it squirms and pulses uncontrollably. If teased for a long time which triggers a kegel like response over and over, I can stay hard after orgasm and can continue piv and eventually orgasm again, no special process required.  I almost never intentionally flex kegels anymore, as my muscles react to her touch in a similar fashion automatically now. I do try to resist with reverse kegels.
Speaking of which, I haven't forgotten about whoever asked about the we-vibe. I'll make a post about my last two weeks purchases, all Reddit recommend.
Might want to ask.  For me facials are a turn off because I know she isn't a fan of being messy.
Thanks. I think that trial and error will be the way for me to go, I considered a multi pack but few came in a decent price. Would be great if a nitrile sizing pack was sold somewhere.  Doesn't this look familiar? https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00KV95UC8/  At $5 shipped I'm America, I'll check to see if the 40mm dimension is internal or external. Yes I'm nuts. You stuck your dick in what?!?
You need to know for sure if he enjoys knowing you enjoy something. For example, oral doesn't really get me off (toward orgasm that is), it just feels good. The real reason I love when she does oral to me is that I know she enjoys actually doing it.  If I knew you didn't really enjoy it, I'd just pass and try something else. Occasionally I'll have a hunch and ask to do it anyway with the hopes she might get into it.  No foul if she doesn't, move on to something else.  I have no idea if this helps but maybe it will be a bit of perspective.  If he does enjoy that you like it, be honest and "climb off" when you have had your fill, no reason to continue.
This used to be the case with me, not so much now. I'd say I have morning wood toward morning 90% of the time, and 80% of time I wake up at least two to three times with an erection, after a dream or nightmare. Sometimes its agitating.
This is called reverse kegel. If I do it enough during build up, I can hit that 99% point just before orgasm and stay there as long as I want. Also can help with sex a bit.  Combining this with normal kegels makes for very interesting orgasms once your muscles are very strong.
Sexual arousal via mental is always discussed as an important factor with women, it's just as important with men. Everyone is different, as an example I can be mentally turned on to a point and stay soft and dripping precum, but sometimes mental can make me hard.   I can't tell you anything from experience relating to you or women, except to be honest. If they don't accept you, it's not worth it and you are better off. Most cases your honestly will be a turn on and you will grow closer.  I'd try not to focus on it. If you make a big deal out of it, they might. If you are calm and honest, they may follow suit. Think of it more as you want to please her in some way, be it with your hands, mouth, or penis. If she doesn't get one of those in a session, she can look forward to the next time.
The crease in between my thigh and lower pelvis. If she tickles my skin there, I'm throbbing within seconds.
Best of luck, I'm sure things will work out fine.  Sexual talk doesn't have to be taboo, talking casually about it shouldn't trigger commitment out of either party. "I'm kind of embarrassed to talk about sexual things, I'm not expecting anything from you but I'd wonder if you were comfortable talking with me about a couple things?"  You are 35 young and have many years ahead of you.  Don't regret your past either, you aren't locked into it.  Sounds like you know that already!
I'd just like to say I wasn't sure this type of thread with so many quality replies was possible on reddit before this sub took off.  We usually clean up immediately in the bathroom together, because she always dribbles me out and doesn't like to make a mess. Plus we both usually have some artificial silicone lube left over on our hands from foreplay and it requires soap to remove.  I also like to pat her with my chub as we clean up in the bathroom.   I'm not sure if we are weird, but the whole tired after sex thing almost never applies to us. We are more awake after a couple orgasms.
I agree on all points that American dating culture is completely jacked up for both sexes. If I had to pick ratios, I'd say that 30% or less of guys ruin multiple stereotypes for all men, and 70% or more of women are contributing to causing acceptance of poor stereo types and contributing to poor communication habits that make finding someone difficult to impossible.  Source of my views: For my entire life I've been strictly the upheld nice guy who rarely makes terrible mistakes, attempting to mold myself into a blend of father/husband most dream of at every step of lifetime. I've also committed to continuously improving at communicating with any generation male or female.  I get and always have received universal refusal to communicate from women everywhere I turn in the intimate and business world.
Yes, she's one of the exceptions, can't say I know anyone else like her. She's an excellent communicator and I love her for it. She puts many of my friends wives to shame in many areas, especially her communication skills with men of all types.
Yep, we'd be great at a class together! I think my wife would enjoy it too but she's a bit shy on the physical side.
It's ok, I like her to threaten me that way. (See other comment)
Here are two recommended by my partner that I created myself: (penis content)  http://imgur.com/1VDvVGg (kegle clench example)  http://imgur.com/G38Dtqk (my natural reaction to frenulum stimulation)  I also love gif type porn, and have to many examples to post.  There are lots of good subs for it.
I also had a strong reaction to OPs comment about pushing her head down.  Despicable and unacceptable. I'd never do that and I'd never want a woman to suffer it unless it was a kink she enjoyed.  Distrust in the vibrator is another flag. This guy better be something special to treat you this terribly. Distrust is a major turn off.
Not sure, wife says none of her different types of orgasms match my description. I'll post a thread and you can ask again.
I would say that they are similar to g-spot orgasms.  The difference that I've noticed between my wife and I is that her g-spot becomes more receptive to stimulation the more she is turned on.  Another similarity is that while pressing her gspot, any stimulation to her clit is amplified.  The same is for me with my prostate and penis stimulation.  But for me, how much I am turned on doesn't affect how my prostate feels at all.
I also have the nJoy wand. The Get a Grip is actually easier for me than the wand. Wand is more direct, brutal tool, Grip is gentle and easily controlled by hips. Haven't been able to get the wand positioned so I can use my hips.
We have the dvd series from Nina. Very interesting.
I also come from a strict background and was never taught "healthy" sexual education and mentality. Or to accept others or try new things.  One thing I learned early (which might not apply to you at all, I'm just sharing my experience) was that lust, love, and admiration are **completely** different. Lust is wanting something that doesn't belong to you and someone doesn't want to share, it's unhealthy mentally outside of religion, but also applies to most religions. Admiration is noticing but not wanting to take unless offered, it exists in religion but is rarely talked about specifically. Love is both parties offering and enjoying giving.  Kids are not taught this today in many cases.
I agree, dwelling on it is very unhealthy. I fought with it as a youth and experienced exactly the same pain you describe when its not reciprocated.
We got the wee-vibe 4, but so far the remote function loses sync... So we use it in stand alone mode only for now. Works good, she cums fast and intensely while using it with piv!
We have one, it's used about 50% of the time.
I'd also like to add that kegels may help. Make it part of your masturbation routine that you don't simulate at all unless your muscles are clenched.  I've done this so much, my muscles clench automatic while thrusting or while being stimulated, PIV or foreplay.
One of my online names has "Twinkle" in it, so that's what half of my friends have been calling me for ten years...
For anyone still digging, hello! I'm a tech mod, and exhibitionist.
Happened to me, I contacted them and got it fixed.  The link to the reddit thread in the description made it easy for them to resolve quickly.
Great news! I'd like to stress to you that immediate success should not be on your expectations, and stress free is the goal here. You should expect to have fun.  My wife didn't get [as good as she is on me](https://www.reddit.com/r/sexover30/comments/4gs836/oc_handjob_techniques_video_feedback_thread_and/) without plenty of time and feedback, and we still give each other feedback and learn new things.  For example, I've been showing her the different ways I like to be touched just before and during orgasm, and today we both saw a technique we've never tried.  Hopefully she gets enjoyment out of giving you pleasure, and instead of stressing about orgasm you can focus on her happiness and enthusiasm.  If you haven't broken the ice, start with simple things or branch off of things she does. Tell her how good that feels, and ask her to try this variation. Let your moans show her the improvement, even if you need to force them a little. If she's shy about oral, try slowly working up to it.
I feel like I need to respond to each of these comments with a improvised version of all of these Pro looking people. Side bends holding a cat litter jug, wearing my ugliest clothing.  But in actuality, maybe I should check out swimwear competitions 😉 Is the thin nerd look still in fashion?
I have not tried that, but kegels and and cardio fitness seem to help mine.  I'm more firm now than I was when I was younger and less fit.  [Results if you are brave, NSFW](https://eroshare.com/1oz37pte).
I've basically been doing them for over 18 years, I first learned to masturbate by doing kegels in my sweat pants and did them everyday when I masturbated.  I say about five to ten minutes each day before I would allow myself to finish.  Here is a little more detail about how my muscles work now if you are up for reading. https://www.reddit.com/r/sexover30/comments/4jwbk3/weenie_wiggle_wednesday/d3a4wmv
You are visually normal to his world, his mind isn't wired to expect sexy time at the sight of your body so you shouldn't expect physical arousal every time by sight only.  When younger, my pastime was looking at artistic nudes, but I never masturbated to them. After a while I because accustomed to nude being normal and I stopped becoming immediately physically aroused by just sight.  So for me, visually only erections stopped around 17 years old. Random ones continued to this day, and a stray thought can still get me rock hard. Especially if the thought is brought on by something visual.  Without thoughts, it's actually difficult for me to get a full erection from physical simulation only.
I'm not posting to try to beat it into you, but this fear of cheating/lack of trust is a major issue in American female culture and it affects both married and partner seeking males.  I've seen it first hand with many friends and hear about it second hand from other sources.  I've spent my whole life fighting it myself, and there simply isn't anything I can do as a man to change anything.  You are not alone, but its an issue to take seriously.
