&gt; They wouldnt have been attacked if they stayed in a muslim country, and theyd be far happier, the men would just have to work and would rather survive on benefits.  Are you kidding me? They'd be **happier** back home? I'd much rather take pepper spray to the face than live in a warzone, especially one where hundreds of thousands have died such as Syria. You can't work there. The entire country is in shambles. It must be nice to be able to pass judgment and say "pull yourself up from the bootstraps" when you live in your safe neighborhood in your developed country.
Thank you for the clarification. In my experience though, many socialists seem to be under the impression that free trade harms low skilled laborers in underdeveloped countries, which I have to repeatedly show them is not true. It's frustrating.
I personally don't care. I'm more concerned about the safety of this subreddit. Don't want it shut down due to brigading accusations.
Most of my higher-level econ professors were classical liberals or libertarians, so I'm not sure what you're trying to argue. And this was at one of the most liberal universities in the USA.
You from the Midwest, pop drinker?
Yes.
Hahaha, I live on the border of the soda/pop divide anyways, so it's cool.
You and I are the same person.
I am okay with this.
I was simply stating my take on the matter. Reddit is oddly accommodating to pedophilia, and many users seem to normalize it by prescribing it the label of "sexuality."
My concern for individuals is not defined by their nationality.
&gt; Leave if you don't like it.  It's not so easy to be without any citizenship. Sometimes that leads to arrest.
8AM Monday through Friday for two semesters in college. I loved it. I was done with class no later than 12:15pm on my busiest days.
Gender studies is not necessarily a social science if the scientific method is not applied to its research. This is highly contingent on each individual academic within the field, of course. The same can be said for what I studied in college (international relations). My department treated it as a science, and I therefore was spending my senior year running many econometrical models for my thesis. However, I had friends at other schools studying the same field whose theses were largely investigative and required no quantitative reasoning - I would regard this approach as falling under the humanities, not the social sciences.
Haha, gloves don't really prevent calluses too much, and that's not why I personally wear them. I know the pros and cons, and I still choose to wear them when I do any deadlift. Wearing gloves for other lifts is pretty questionable in my opinion.
My old boss came up to me a week after the shooting occurred and started going off on how Obama faked it all to take away his guns. I don't know why he thought that was appropriate workplace discussion.
I'm so scared.
Old people were my least favorite customers at Panera. They either ordered too slowly or expected way too much out of the employees.
Care to explain the irony? I'm personally not mad. I just think it's ridiculous to go so upset just because people criticize a movie that you like.
This shit is making me physically ill. I lost hundreds of dollars trying to trade last month, so I called it quits for two weeks. Now I put the remainder of my money in "safe" investments and only a few bucks in a risky stock. All my safe ones went down 10% the past few days while the risky one is up 20%. All I did was lose more money doing the opposite strategy. I seriously want to die right now....
I mean, it's much more nuanced that that, having lived in predominantly Muslim countries and having witnessed the legal and societal pressures placed on women due to the religion. (Sorry to break the circlequeef)
My Muslimah friends from Indonesia, Malaysia, Mali, Nigeria, etc. would disagree. It's not just an Arab problem.
I'm being 100% serious. I'm down 6.88% this week alone.
$AUPH and $AMD were the only two to make gains, but they represented a whopping 5% of my portfolio.
In all honesty I think I just need to learn to stop being impulsive.
I need to meditate or something.
Yea, I've learned my lesson. The "daily stock discussion" thread here is dangerous.
I'm in my early 20s, and when I watched the movie I remember thinking "I was totally like this just half a decade ago." Linklater writes some of the most realistic teenage dialogue I have seen in any film.
Yes, I think this because I've lived in a Muslim country and "Allahu Akbar" is a very common phrase (it's even shout from mosques five times a day).
I think the pseudo-intellectualism is pretty on point with the way a lot of suburban teenagers behave, from my experience growing up.
At my gym, there's only one deadlift platform, and it's attached to a squat rack. It's also the only piece of equipment on which you're allowed to use bumper plates in my gym. I usually lift in the late evening, and without fail there is *always* someone on this rack/platform when I want to start my leg/back workouts (which incorporates deadlifts). Usually they're only doing squats too, which is even more infuriating because my gym has five other squat racks that are never completely in use. Like, who needs to squat with bumper plates?  So being the impatient person I am, I decided to wake up at 4:30AM today to be the first one in the gym when it opens at 5AM. I immediately sprinted to the deadlift platform to claim it as mine, and had a glorious, quiet, stress-free workout. I was even more in the zone because I had no excuse to use my phone between sets.  Now I need to make a decision. Do I continue going to the gym in the morning? I actually feel really refreshed right now and ready for work, plus now I don't have to worry about going to the gym in the evening. However, I have a feeling getting up at 4:30 will continue to become more difficult as it becomes more routine.   Ah, the things I'll do to avoid crowds...
Yea, 6:15 is around my usual wake up time. I only think it'll get more difficult because I was particularly energized this morning since it was a new experience. It's like how people become less sedated when they regularly shake up their routine.
4:30AM: Wake up   4:50AM: Walk to gym   5:00AM: Lift   6:00AM: Go home   6:10AM: Shower   6:30AM: Eat breakfast   7:15AM: Leave for work   7:30AM: Get to work   5:00PM: Leave work   5:15PM: Get home   5:30PM: Do LSAT studying   6:30PM: Dinner/whatever   10:00PM: Bed
&gt; My husband was serving his sentence at the same time.   So did you commit the same crime together?  Edit: I don't care about your lame TV show references.
True, but I've stated in other comments that I personally don't endorse one argument over another on this particular issue. I think there are multiple studies out there indicating differing results. I was mainly arguing on the principle of the issue: if you're going to counter an argument, use actual facts, not personal stories.
This is amazing. I honestly didn't think it would happen.
I'm both happy this happened but upset it had to happen.
What was the most transformative experience of your life?
It reminds me when I worked customer service in high school. Whenever I made a small mistake at the register, people would ask "first day?" This happened even after working there for over a year...
All these downvotes are so discouraging, too. They all fell for it.
Went to the Women's March today!
Want me to post my pics?
I mean, I recently took PT77 and did just fine. Not trying to make you feel bad, but it's not really going to do yourself any good blaming it on the test. Remember that it's graded on a curve.
Hello. :) I voted for Gary Johnson and work in the public sector as well. I'd love to answer any questions you may have about these seemingly contradictive actions! It makes complete sense from my point of view.
Well, then we're conflating two definitions of public. I recognize that the ACLU is a public interest law institution. Economically speaking though, it's private sector. For the record, I'm on the same page as you. I don't wish to ever work for a corporation.
&gt; employ modern day slavery in third world nations  As someone who has actually lived in the third world, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this expanded.
&gt; While she was studying I decided to play guitar hero 3, which I play on the 360 controller and she took a break and saw I was dominating Cliffs of Dover on expert   Did you ever FC it?
I used to be a freshmen RA, and I had a parent call me once to tell me I needed to tie her son's tie whenever he needed to wear a suit (spoiler: I didn't). He would also leave for home every Thursday night and return every Sunday with his mother, who would then do his laundry and clean his dorm room for him. How will someone like that function after college?
Not really, since he just ended up being extremely antisocial and awkward the whole year. His mother was also very racist and kept complaining to me about how his son's roommate was from Hong Kong. I had to get him relocated to another room to get her to shut up, and when she saw the new roommate also had an Asian last name she flipped out over the phone. The new roommate was American; he just had Asian heritage. My boss told her to fuck off.
I fortunately had a mother that never did my chores and rarely cooked for me after the age of 12-13. It helped me a lot in life.
