Not sure how you're defining "flat", but Fannie Farmer's Banana Bread has been my go-to for years, and it's definitely rounded.  http://www.grouprecipes.com/14816/fanny-farmers-banana-nut-bread.html  The bananas should be black-ripe, and you should mash them with a potato masher to nearly liquid.  You can omit the whole eggs and just use egg whites if you're cooking for low-cholesterol people.  The strange thing is that it uses no fat or oil at all, so it's also suitable for low-fat diet.
Yes, but I'd combine it with an insecticidal soap, because spider mites are THE #1 indoor plant problem.   You'll need to do repeated treatments, and frankly, if the seedlings aren't rare or exotic, personally I'd toss them (Hefty sack and landfill, not compost them) and start over. Spider mites are that bad, and that difficult to get rid of, and that contagious.  &gt;my indoor garden has a bit of a spider mite issue  This is kinda like saying, "I have a bit of a gonorrhea issue." A few squirts of neem aren't going to fix it in a couple of days.
I enjoy making general recommendations to people, but then I kinda assume that after that, you're going to take the ball and run with it, and start looking for things you like, not wait on me to tell you what to plant.
[Potato eyes.](https://www.google.com/search?q=potato+eye&amp;biw=1067&amp;bih=498&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ei=fzd0Vb6fEIWzyATg4YHwBA&amp;ved=0CAYQ_AUoAQ) The bumps on the skin that sprout and then grow into potato plants.  I don't know if yours are too small to plant, I have not had much experience with growing potatoes. But if they have eyes, they will at least sprout. The question is whether a tiny potato has enough starch to fund adequate top growth.
[Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/3iKILy6.jpg)  The white circle in the middle is the main crown.  There are tiny baby leaves emerging at its center.  It has concentric circles of progressively larger, and older, leaves, radiating out from this center.  Around it, the other white circles are leaves that my experienced eye realizes are probably younger leaves emerging from another crown attached to the stem of the main crown. These leaves are  smaller than the concentric circle of main-crown leaves they're next to.  Sometimes they're facing the wrong direction to be a member of the main-crown concentric circle of leaves.   It's kinda like being able to pick out the one mule in a herd of horses.  To the unpracticed eye, they're all equines.  If I was there, I'd be picking up the pot and turning the plant every which way, peering in under the leaves, to see where the extra crowns were. You can just snip them off with scissors, or even pop them off with your fingers, there's no need to repot the entire plant, but repotting it into a tighter pot tends to discourage it from making so many crowns. When you give it lots of fertile soil, it tends to say, "oh boy" and go to town.
&gt; lactose-intolerance.   If you're in the U.S., Lact-Aid brand lactose-free milk is a lifesaver for those of us who are lactose intolerant.  It comes in store brands, too--Great Value, Kroger, etc.  So far I've only seen it in 2-quart containers. In the Dairy Case next to the regular milk.
It is my hobby.  I haven't emasculated anyone yet with the bread knife, but he's real good about keeping the lawn mowed and remembering our anniversary, so the knives stay in the gardening trug.
&gt; how many suckers per season? max 5 in spring, summer, fall. 15 snips per year, oh the agony vs using Round up, one of the worst chemical products sold for public use. but i know this is the route for some people simply b/c they don't like their children and want them to die from cancer:)  The EPA currently lists glyphosate as a Class D pesticide.  http://www.epa.gov/iris/subst/0057.htm  &gt;*Classification — D; not classifiable as to human carcinogenicity*  &gt;*Basis — Inadequate evidence for oncogenicity in animals. Glyphosate was originally classified as C, possible human carcinogen, on the basis of increased incidence of renal tumors in mice. Following independent review of the slides the classification was changed to D on the basis of a lack of statistical significance and uncertainty as to a treatment-related effect.*  It's unclear to me how spraying Roundup on mulberry suckers out in the back yard is going to expose the OP's children to gyphosate, unless they're tagging along and get in the way of the spray, in which case that's just bad parenting to not put the kids in the house when you're spraying weedkiller around.  Glyphosate has a half-life in soil of from 3 to 130 days, depending on the soil and on weather, although 174 days has been reported in some densely compacted anaerobic soils.   http://www.cdpr.ca.gov/docs/emon/pubs/fatememo/glyphos.pdf  The primary route of uptake of glyphosate is through a plant's leaves, although some root uptake has been reported.  The results of oral administration of glyphosate to birds and fish ranges from "practically nontoxic" to "slightly nontoxic".  Studies of chronic exposure to glyphosate via the oral route turned up no anomalies.  So even if the OP's garden veg, planted in a spot where heavy spraying of glyphosate had previously occurred, did somehow manage to uptake glyphosate through their roots, and even if the OP's children did eat that veg, not only would they probably not get cancer, they would probably not even get sick.  And if the OP is worried about the remote possibility of garden veg planted in that area somehow being able to uptake the tiny traces of glyphosate in the soil, all you have to do is wait long enough for the glyphosate to disappear, broken down by soil microbes. With an average half life of, say, 60 days, 6 months ought to do it, a year if you wanted to be absolutely sure.  I raised three kids in this house throughout the 1990s and early 2000s, and used weedkiller out in the yard when it seemed appropriate. Do you think I didn't sit down and weigh the cost?  I'm the person who never even bug-bombed my house for roaches with permethrins and pyrethrins until the kids had all grown up and physically moved out.  Roundup is a useful tool in the gardener's kit. I understand the reservations about using chemicals, and this is one that I personally reserve only for the tough ones--trumpet vine, Canada thistle, poison ivy, and mulberries. I certainly don't advocate that gardeners should get out the Roundup for every little thing.   But you shouldn't disallow it just because of vague fears of cancer.
When my grandson was 3 and was slowly working his way through the "pee and poop only in this special container here" conceptual experience, he was proud to frequently inform Grandma and Grandpa that boys have dinkers and girls have holes, the reason he knows this being that he has a younger sister, and they used to take baths together, before he turned 4 and went to preschool and discovered the concept of "modesty", although it doesn't stop him from telling us about dinkers and holes.  And when his sister in her turn started on the curriculum, she too was proud to tell us this factoid.  The point being, I can't imagine how the woman in the article thinks her 3-year-old daughter doesn't know that girls have a crease "down there". Is she one of these parents who never allows their kids to see their own bottoms, and has shrieking hysterics if, during "changing into swimsuit time" or "pulling up panties after potty time", Tahlia Rose briefly runs around the house bottomless?
I have a secret soft spot in my heart for the kind of Chinese food found on those "all you can eat" buffets in Mid-America, the kind of place that has General Tso's chicken and beef broccoli along with pizza and mac n cheese for the folks who "don't like Chinese".  It's basically Cantonese filtered through the American sweet tooth and American need for "things with gravy", because gravy is special, gravy = luxury.   So you take an ordinary home-cookin' what's-for-supper stir fry, add tons of sugar, and give it a lot of drippy sauce, and you serve it up to the Americans at The Royal Dragon International Buffet, all you can eat, kids under 2 eat free.   I like seeing the bones of the history under the sauce, so to speak.  There's a line in "Beetlejuice", where Catherine O'Hara is eating Chinese food out of a white paper carton, and she says, "I can't believe we're eating Cantonese", implying that they're out in the sticks.  I like Red Cooked Chicken Thighs. Sue me.
&gt; I could go back and point out the times during this back and forth when you've cut me down and belittled me, on a personal level, but I won't.  I have never, *ever* deliberately belittled anyone on reddit, or on any other Internet forum or message board, or in reai life. **Ever**.  And that is all I have to say to you. If you're going to persist in reading emotions into posts that simply aren't there, we have no basis for any conversation.
Things from abandoned houses? Absolutely. So far I've salvaged a  pink garden phlox, a daylily, and a bearded iris from the abandoned house next door, and I once went over to the house on the other side when the old lady went into a nursing home and her son said he was going to rent out the house, and dug up her lovely coral-colored climbing rose and her white Dutch iris (which both unfortunately succumbed to the Drought of 1988 the next year, but hey). I knew it would simply get weed-whacked by tenants doing the lawn, and I was right, they weed-whacked the faretheewell out of all her other landscaping.  Protip for salvaging plants: Do it in broad daylight, purposefully. Don't skulk or sneak, don't do it after dark. Put on your floppy gardening hat and your gardening gloves and your gardening shoes, march down there in the morning with your shovel and gardening trug and whatever bucket you're going to put the hostas into.  Everyone who sees you will simply assume that you're legit (if they even notice, or care). Whereas if you tiptoe around and behave suspiciously, especially after dark, they may call 911, "Yes? Someone's getting ready to burgle or vandalize this vacant house..."
Where I am (Central IL) redbud blooms its distinctive mauve color in mid-April, and is the perfect complement to the white dogwood that also blooms then. After that it's just an ordinary, light-green, small tree.  It's an actual tree, so it has a trunk that goes up about 10 feet, and then a canopy of leaves begins.  Spread and footprint on the ground is only a factor with shrubs.  If you want pink, you want a flowering fruit tree--cherry, plum, crabapple, etc. Look for a cultivar labeled "sterile", so you don't have messy fruits all over your yard. And these, too, flower only in early to mid-spring (Washington cherry trees, etc) and then after that are merely small green trees.
Knotweed flowers are upright. I have it on my back fence. Also, bigass fat juicy purple stems.
&gt; You should not make a blanket statement. It all depends.  In my experience, complete newbies aren't able to process "it depends" situations. It's better to give them blanket statements--rules--as a starting point, and then after they've acquired some experience, they can branch out into finessing the "it depends" situations.    &gt; start my basil indoors in a pot bigger than this and never had a single problem.   But, see, you're already an experienced gardener, so you already know how to tell when basil seedlings are doing well, and when they aren't.  A newbie isn't going to know that, which explains the flocks of "What's wrong with my  seedlings?" posts that we get in here every spring that are accompanied by a picture of an 8" pot crammed full of dozens of overcrowded, gangly seedlings.  I think it's better to guide newbies into following standard practices, such as, in this case, smaller pots, one pot per seedling, rather than into an "it depends" situation that only an experienced gardener would know how to handle.  &gt;I am a 'gardener' and an 8" by 9" is not a Bigass Pot.  Well, it is to me. Your gardening evidently differs from mine, since I've never had a reason to use a pot bigger than about 10" in 40 years of gardening. I only recently bought my first 12" pots to put my 40-year-old ponytail palms into.  And the vast majority of houseplants go in smaller pots than 8". It's only when you get up to the plants that I mentioned--the mature jade plants, dracaenas, ferns, etc.--that you start needing pots bigger than about 6". Everything else that you bring home from Walmart or the garden center goes into a 4" pot, sometimes into a 2" or 3" pot.
I'd be more worried about the lumbar strain on their backs when doing that. It's like the total opposite of what your lumbar muscles were designed to do, especially over and over again in a repetitive-motion situation, and I'm pretty sure workmen's comp won't cover back injuries sustained while doing something like that.  Oh wait. It's India. They probably don't have workmen's comp. Never mind.
I use a rotation of different kinds of fertilizers (tomato, all-purpose, houseplant, "for blooms"). The fertilizer you use doesn't have to say "orchids" on it, you can use tomato fertilizer.   One way of fertilizing is to do it "weekly, weakly". This means you use 1/4 strength fertilizer with basically every watering.
Usually you look for local recycling options. My local waste disposal sponsors a semi-annual drop for things like that, CFLs, electronics, etc.  You go out to a particular park and they've got it all set up, you drive through and hand over your paint cans and things.
&gt;To be more specific, the carrorts, tomatoes, garlic, pumpkins, squash (to some extent), thyme, rosemary, beans etc etc etc I have grown are almost always of superior quality compared to what I can get at our grocery stores. Broccoli doesn't measure up. So, I'm wondering since I have read that cauliflower is a demanding crop, whether it would be worth my while and square footage to attempt to grow it. Sheesh.  "Sheesh?" What was that for? Because I didn't give you a clearcut "yes" or "no" answer?  I can't, because there isn't one.  Cauliflower is the same as broccoli, carrots, tomatoes, garlic, pumpkins, squash, thyme, rosemary, beans, etc--none of it comes with a guarantee, "Yes, this is worth doing."  There are just as many people out there who will tell you that growing your own cauliflower is a Holy Blessing from the Baby Jesus as will tell you that growing your own cauliflower is Satan's Favorite Hobby and will send you to the madhouse raving and cursing at bystanders while the men in white coats wrap you in your straitjacket.    Try it and see. It may turn out fabulous for you, it may send you into fits of despair during which you'll swear off gardening forever and put all your supplies up on Craigslist.  No way to tell until you try.
They began being phased out in 2012, as the T8s are more energy-efficient.  http://www.lamprecycling.com/articles/T12-phase-out-management/  Modern fixtures can run both T12s and T8s, but there are potential ballast issues with mixing-and-matching, so I replaced all my T12 fixtures with T8s a couple years ago.
That's true, but my aim here is to reassure a (possible) renter who might feel like he's under a heavy and unworkable obligation to fix a terrible-looking yard that doesn't even belong to him.  If he's under this misapprehension and is wishing that he didn't need to go there, I'm happy to inform him that he's off the hook.
&gt; But I just looked at back of my seed packet and it said to plant from May-July in my region. And I planted about 2 weeks ago, so I was right within that window. Odd.  It's not odd at all. You were not wrong. He's in zone 7 NC/VA and his hot summer is now kicking in. You're in upstate New York, two zones colder, plus higher in elevation. Your climate is cool enough to plant kale in early summer.
The basic underlying problem here is that, if all you needed to do was to kill ticks on the deer, this would work. However, ticks don't only live on the deer, they also live in tall weeds, brush, trees, and lawn grass.  They drop out of the trees towards carbon dioxide sources, they fall out of shrubs, they lean over on tall weeds and latch on, and they crawl up your pant leg from the ground. My 86-year-old dad got Lyme Disease a few years ago from a tick bite in his own backyard, which backs onto a deer-filled ravine. He has 8-foot-high deer fencing, so the deer don't come into the yard, but the ticks do.   There is info out there on landscaping around your home to prevent ticks from coming into the yard, mainly by creating mulch barriers and by removing tall grass and other plants.  If this gadget made much impact, we wouldn't need to landscape, we could just all install one of these.  So this gadget isn't a particularly great item for tick-infested landscapes and gardens.  You might be able to reduce your overall local population, but it's not going to get all of them, it's not going to treat deer who don't feed at your feeder, and it's not going to prevent ticks from coming into your yard.
Wood mulch is potential termite habitat. It's not so much the edible wood as it is the moisture and the living space. A 15x30 area of wood mulch is going to be a 15x30 area of potential termite habitat. Personally, in SE TX, I wouldn't go there, but YMMV.  How close are you to the Houston swampland changed into suburbs that is underwater frequently? Because you might want something that's not going to wash downstream when your town is on the evening news with dogs being rescued off porches by people in kayaks.  I'd go with a concrete or paver patio, myself. Gravel is a bitch to scoot patio furniture around on. "I'll just shove my chair back, WCGW..."
&gt; WD -40 is a very well known insect control for tropical hibiscus. I've known this for decades.   Well, I don't grow tropical hibiscus.     So I feel better now.   Looking around, I see that Pam is also suggested, if you don't have any WD-40 around. Interesting.
I have no experience in propagating either of those, but when the Intarwebz, upon being consulted, says that their propagation is supposed to be easy, the first thing I'd be looking at in your case is what time of year you're taking your cuttings, as a possible explanation.  Many woody plants  have seasons when they're oriented more towards propagation.  I'd also be looking at propagating in soil instead of in water, and in using rooting hormone, because, when idly googling around, I'm not seeing many people simply sticking them in water like you'd do with pothos or philodendron.  And so I'm not seeing how an aquarium bubbler would make any difference.
Well, if he'd built that for me, I wouldn't be inclined to quibble too much about a bit of minor unevenness. He had to dismantle the pool pump and remove a tree stump, I'd just be grateful it was all reasonably flat and that the damn drain now drains properly.
I'd get an ordinary T5 or T8 fluorescent shoplight, the kind you hang above a basement workbench, outfit it with a mix of Daylight and Soft or Warm White bulbs, get a cheap lamp timer to run them 12 to 16 hours a day, drop your thermostat in the fall by a few degrees for a few weeks, and never look back.  Last fall where I am (Illinois), we had an unexpected unseasonably cold weather pattern for a few weeks. It wasn't cold enough to turn on the furnace, so we just toughed it out for a few weeks of the house being a bit chillier than normal. Put on a sweater, eh. It's cheaper than running the furnace.  My basement, where all the Phals live, went abruptly from holding at its normal summer temp of around ~72F down to maybe ~66F for less than a month (the house upstairs has A/C from a couple of window units). Call it 3 weeks, tops.  The weather normalized, we went back to our warmish fall weather, and a while later I realized that every single one of my Phals had new spikes coming.  Every. Single. Plant.  Drop your thermostat in the fall a few degrees for a month, put on a sweater, see what happens.
As long as the spike is still green, there's still a chance of a rebloom. As soon as it's brown all the way down, the show's over.  I'd have those out of their teeny-tiny pots and into normal orchid pots, with bark.  (A) Because they'll be happier, and (B) because that's how you do an end run around the whole waterlogging and root rot problem. It's very rare for orchids in bark to get waterlogged and rot, mostly only if you're a serial overwaterer and just cannot leave them alone but are dunking them daily.  Repotting a Phal in bloom doesn't automatically make it lose its flowers. I've been gifted a number of Phals over time, the last one last Valentines Day, and I've always said, "Thank you how nice" and took it straight down to the basement and put it into bark, flowers and all, because I am a serial overwaterer and I cannot co-exist with Phals in moss. And none of them lost their flowers.
You're right, he did. IME that's not how it works. Maybe it works like that in the upscale realms of people who hire landscape designers to put in expensive border fencing, but in Flyover State USA, if you want a fence, you buy a fence. We put up a chainlink fence at this house in 1986, and it literally never occurred to us to consult with the neighbors on the west whose driveway it abuts. And they returned the favor later with a cedar privacy fence around their swimming pool, which in later years actually started to fall over and lean on our chainlink, but they were elderly and both had cancer, so we never said anything.
Yes, perfectly well.  Seriously. The decorative outer pot with no drainage is known as a cachepot, and is a time-honored technique for growing drippy plants on the nice living room furniture without ruining the finish.  You water it by removing it from the cachepot, watering it at the sink, allowing it to drain completely, and then replacing it in the cachepot. I currently have four Cattleyas in cachepots because they need repotting and they keep tipping over, so the extra weight keeps them from falling over.  It's all in knowing what you're doing. Can a man successfully put his head in a lion's mouth? Yes, perfectly well--if you know how.
Is the plot in a bright, sunny spot? I realize I'm talking to England here, but the sun must shine sometimes, yes? lol  Here in the OMG-how-can-it-be-this-hot-it's-only-June U.S. Midwest, I'd cover the plot with clear 4ml landscaping plastic for the summer.    http://www.phac-aspc.gc.ca/lab-bio/res/psds-ftss/msds153e-eng.php  &gt;*Heating tissue cysts to 67°C will kill them instantly. Cysts in meat can be killed by heating the meat to &gt;60 °C or freezing it at -20 °C. Oocysts are killed if kept at a temperature of 55-60°C for 1-2 minutes.*  Since in zone 8a England you're not going to experience soil-freezing temperatures of -20C any time soon, I'd go with heat. You may not be able to get it up to 55C, but anything is better than nothing, and there are other pathogens besides toxoplasmosis that solarization would at least slow down.  http://vric.ucdavis.edu/pdf/soil_solarization.pdf  I'd give it the entire summer to solarize and cook, maybe removing the plastic once or twice to fork it over and stir it, and then this fall plant an overwintering green manure or cover crop such as annual rye, and then next spring, spade it all under, and then plant veg whose harvest does not touch the soil, i.e. no root crops or leafy veg, same as with lead-contaminated soil. And wash your hands after working with it.  Also, time and attrition will take care of a lot of it, soil biota being the voracious little scavengers that they are.   Or, you needn't do anything at all. Just wear gloves, wash your hands and be careful.  http://www.cdc.gov/parasites/toxoplasmosis/gen_info/faqs.html  &gt;*Wear gloves when gardening and during any contact with soil or sand because it might be contaminated with cat feces that contain Toxoplasma. Wash hands with soap and warm water after gardening or contact with soil or sand.*  Treat the veg like you would veg growing in lead-contaminated soil. Don't grow root or leafy veg, and wash everything you bring into the house.
Other than making a quick check for nails and pieces of broken glass, I can't think of anything, assuming that the reason they put the hot tub there wasn't because there was a toxic waste dump they couldn't use for anything else.  And yes, I am a pessimist, why do you ask. :D
I too have a plastic plant in my bathroom, after many years of fruitlessly trying to find an arrangement I could live with. It's a big south window, so everything is happy there--except me.  I lost patience with needing to do "shade up" / "shade down" between showers so the plant could have light and our neighbors behind us couldn't see straight into our bathroom. Frosting the glass would have cut down the light for whatever was living there, and anyway I like being able to look out the window and watch people going down the alley so I can leap down the stairs and run out there and yell at them when they put their trash into my cans (true story).  So I bought a plastic Swedish ivy at Hobby Lobby, put it in a thrift store teapot, leave the shade down except for when I want to surveil the alley, and everybody's happy.  So we don't intrinsically hate plastic plants. There's a time and a place.  What kind of orchid is it? Come see us in /r/orchids.   You're going to need artificial lights if you're wanting to add plants away from the window. That's the bottom line.
You need to be cautious about the load limits of your balcony. Soil and pots are heavy. A cubic foot of soil can weigh 78 lbs, so if you have a 2x2x4 box planter, holding 16 cubic feet of soil, that can weigh at least 1,248 lbs, or over half a ton.  Many balconies are only designed to hold two people, a couple of plastic chairs, and a Weber grill.  So check with your landlord before you start filling up your balcony with pots.
Post pictures.  Two ways that aphids come indoors:  1. They have a winged stage, and the wind blows them in through an open door or window.  2. They come in on cut flowers, new houseplants, etc. I refuse to allow my husband to bring me flowers for Mothers and Valentines Day for this reason.  &gt;Also, any tips for preventing the basil plant from becoming root bound?  1. Pinch it back. You should do this anyway.   2. When it does eventually fill its pot with roots, you up-pot it one size.  There are people who have huge mature basil bushes in 2 gallon pots.
I am temporarily between African violet collections, after having undergone a lengthy ordeal by blossom thrips that eventually required discarding the entire group, and I'm not really over it yet and ready to start over, but before that, I had them since 1975.  The big thing with them is, besides the usual "yadda yadda" about overwatering and "only water when the soil is dry", is that they hate-hate-hate wide swings between wet and dry.   If you let it get so dry that the leaves go limp, and then flood it with water in an agony of apologetic remorse, that's a plant that's 85% going to come down with root rot. The fine root hairs die in the drought, and then the flooding shuts off all the oxygen between the soil particles, so anaerobic rot bacteria get started, and Saintpaulia just seems peculiarly susceptible to root rot.  Nothing on their fast-draining native hillsides prepared them evolutionarily to cope with excess water at the roots. The fine root hairs are dead, so it can't uptake water and nutrients in order to repair itself and grow more fine root hairs.   So it then frequently becomes a downward death spiral that is very hard to fix.  You can cut off the top gooseneck and try to root it with rooting hormone, but it's best just to not let them get that dry in the first place.   OR, when you discover that you let them dry out to the point of wilting, don't flood them, but instead give them just a tiny merest wetting of the soil, and then do it again the next day, and so forth, until the potting mix is once again moist.  So this is how they get their rep for being difficult. They want their soil evenly moist, and by evenly moist, they mean evenly moist dammit, and not "sporadically watered whenever you remember". Even a notably temperamental Boston fern is a better sport about being allowed to get too dry and then being rehydrated.  It'll shed brown leaflets all over the table, but at least it won't fucking *die*.  African violets fucking die. Their leaves jelly, and when you're at the brown jelly stage, there's no fix.  Even trying to salvage a leaf from the unjellied center rosette may not work, as it's not mature enough and doesn't have the carb reserves to start new babies.  So, they're difficult if you're not the sort of person who can obsessively check a plant's moisture level with a finger every. single. day. Because a violet can be "mmm, still doesn't need water" on Monday and then by Tuesday need watering today, not tomorrow.  The mass market Walmart cultivars, the Optimaras and so forth, are a lot better about tolerating haphazard watering than the cultivars you buy from hybridizers, but even they have their limits. If you buy a half-dead flowerless Walmart garden center survivor in the middle of July, you'll know that's a potential survivor and is a good bet, but, again, even it will have its limits.  So you keep it evenly moist by doing equal parts of peat moss, vermiculite, and perlite. You'll note that this has no potting soil.  In the wild, they live in tiny pockets of leaf mold in the limestone bedrock, so they need a mix that's light, loose, but moisture-retentive. The peat moss and vermiculite do the moisture thing, the perlite adds lightness.  So you need to fertilize regularly, as this is nutrient-free.  Since this is peat moss, once it dries out it's a bastard to rehydrate.  So another reason for the daily finger check. You can't let it dry out completely.  So if you can live with something that requires a daily finger check for moisture, you will have no trouble growing African violets. If you're the sort who waters the pothos only when you notice it's wilted, you're gonna have a bad time.  There is always wick or capillary watering, but it can take some tinkering to get it right. I did it for a while, and I found that the savings in time and convenience wasn't worth the tradeoff of constant monitoring, as you stiil have to check it every day to be sure it's working. And then there's the periodic flushing as the top of the soil gets crusty, and did I mention they don't appreciate being flooded with water?  I also ended up with fungus gnat larvae constantly colonizing the reservoirs, swimming around happily, and this was before Bt and mosquito dunks. So I'm not a fan of wick watering.
Where you been? I probably have a higher post count per day than anybody in here. lol
&gt;As someone who gardened with my dad and grandfather my whole life, this article was a great guide when creating my first garden last spring.  And I understand that, and overall it's not a bad article. I'm not saying it's a horrible, horrible article and a waste of anyone's time.  I'm saying it's possibly going to lead newbies gently astray on a number of issues.   If you develop a deer problem, and the internet tells you that a 6 to 8 foot fence will keep them out, and you go with the less expensive and easier option and put up a 6 foot board fence, and they simply jump over it, you will have wasted your time, money, and effort, whereas if the internet had told you upfront that it needs to be 8 feet tall, then you would have known.  Same thing for "dogs will keep deer away". If you go out and obtain a dog on the internet-promised assumption that he will keep deer away, there's a 95% probability that it won't work at all, because deer are not frightened of dogs intrinsically, they're only frightened of large, barking, aggressive dogs that are currently present. Once the large, barking, aggressive dog goes in the house, or is perceived to be on a chain or confined to a dog run, the deer simply move in to feed.  Same thing with the "hours of sunlight" thing. You could be gardening for years in a yard that has 6 hours of sunlight, good for growing tomatoes, peppers, and beans, but because the internet told you that you could only grow kale and beets with 6 hours of sunlight, that tomatoes need 8 to 10 hours, you'd only be growing kale and beets, when you could have been growing zukes, cukes, and melons.  So I guess the takeaway here is, don't rely on a single Internet source for your gardening information, especially from internet articles and blogs, because article-writers and bloggers aren't necessarily giving you accurate information. Better sources are the extension office, and mainstream articles from places like Mother Earth News and the National Gardening Association.
In a west window in Chicago, as long as you have them within about 12" of the glass, they're getting more light than you realize, you don't need to do anything. But not if they're many feet away from the window on the coffee table or something.  Spikes are notorious for pointing towards the light, so if you're going to want them to go straight up, you need to begin staking early to keep them from getting squiggly. That's the only reason to stake the spike. Rotating them to make them go straight up is too much like work, and doesn't always come out the way you  want, if you don't time the rotation just right. You can end up with weird kinks in the spike.
You have to google it separately, "tomato optimal temperature", "tomato optimal humidity", "tomato optimal light", "tomato optimal nutrients". etc.  The information is out there, but not in a concise spreadsheet form, because that's not how google and the Internet work, unless you happen to stumble onto a commercial grower's PDF file or something similar. Google is composed of snips of information, and it's not always going to be presented in a finished format. You have to hunt for it.  &gt;Im currently planning to construct a project involving some electronics to maintain an optimal growth environment for a tomato plant.   This already exists. It's called hydroponics. Do some research about growing tomatoes hydroponically, such as in a large commercial greenhouse specializing in "vine ripe" tomatoes for the fresh produce market. There are quite a few of them in Europe.
Oh, well, you're spoiled for choice then.  Must-haves would be more herbs, which are bee-friendly: thyme, oregano, hyssop, chives, sage, borage.   Perennials like coreopsis, gaillardia, and purple coneflower, as you're into natives. Bleeding heart for the shady spots.  Siberian and bearded iris.   I have a soft spot in my heart for old-fashioned garden phlox, and I just ignore the inevitable powdery mildew in September, but you could look for resistant cultivars. Same for asters.  Dahlias, which you can grow from seed and then dig up and store the rhizomes every fall.  A clematis vine, purple 'Jackmani' by preference.    For veg, bush zucchini and pole beans.
Well, I suppose there are community gardens out there that have no structure, but those are the ones that generally last a single summer, if that, as most of them peter out in July once the weeds get waist-high and the same two people, usually the prime motivating force behind the garden in the first place ("Hey kids, let's start a community garden on the block!") gradually learn that they're the only ones doing any weeding or other maintenance, so by October they're burnt out and they quit. And with nobody left to be a prime motivating force, the garden goes back to weeds and the landlord.   I have two of them exactly like that within a couple mile radius of my house within the last 15 years or so.  Block organization decides to have a community garden in a vacant lot, a few people end up doing all the work, get burnt out, quit, end of garden.  If you want it to succeed as a project for longer than a single summer, you have to demand commitment from people, and that's how you get people who have a strong proprietary sense towards their plots, because they've made a commitment to it, and by extension towards other members' plots.  It takes a village to raise a tomato in a community garden.
Probably 80% of us in here either got started with a grocery store Phal, or own at least one of them.  They're nice plants--tough, pretty, and blessedly free of hissy-fit diva temperament.
Since you have no way of knowing what she already has, what she already has six of and doesn't use any of them, what she thinks are stupid, what she wouldn't have in the house if you paid her, and what she secretly covets but would never, ever buy for herself...get her a gift certificate to her favorite local nursery, garden center, or online vendor. This allows her to shop, and prevents her from having to say a heartfelt, "Oh.  You shouldn't have" and really mean it.  This especially holds true if you're willing to grant her a $300 blowout at the garden center or online.  You have no idea what $300 item, or six $50 items, she's been secretly longing for.
My way leaves your potential Keepers in position with undisturbed roots for the next 2 weeks.  Your way uproots the potential Keepers twice in the next 2 weeks.  My way:  1. Let them all grow until, say, June 13.   2. On June 13, go through with tiny sharp scissors and cut off half of them, leaving the rest undisturbed. 3. Let the remainder grow until, say, June 20.     4. Prick out the Keepers.     This leaves the Keepers growing peacefully in position for the next 2 weeks, and only requires moving them once, at the end of that time, when they have their 2 sets of true leaves.  Your way:  1. Let them all grow until June 13.    2. On June 13, prick out.   3. On June 20, prick out again.   This disturbs your Keepers twice in 2 weeks, amd the first pricking out happens most likely before they have any true leaves.  If you damage that tiny vulnerable cotyledon root during a too-early pricking out, it's game over. The seedling only has one, it doesn't have a way to create another one. This is the main reason why we wait until seedlings have two sets of true leaves--by that point, the root system has matured past the point of the simple cotyledon root, and is robust enough to handle transplanting.  &gt; actually plant them in permanent containers?  They don't go in their permanent containers for a long time. They move up in incremental pot sizes, as they outgrow the various small seedling pots, 2", 3", and so forth. At the second set of true leaves stage, they're nowhere near big enough to to into their permanent containers, unless  you're planting them outdoors in the ground.  &gt;I'm now realizing I don't know how much soil is needed per seed with these heh  When you prick them out, they go into a 2" pot.
Before you begin a "very large rooftop container garden", make sure you get permission from your landlord in writing to do so. Many roofs are not engineered to hold the tons of soil and plants that comprise a "very large rooftop container garden", so it's wise to have an official go-ahead from a building inspector or engineer before you begin, and if you're not the landlord, get permission in writing so that you, and he, are covered in case the roof collapses. The penalty for failure being potentially so great--death, injury, lawsuits, criminal charges--don't omit this step.  A planter that measures 2 feet by 2 feet by 4 feet will hold 16 cubic feet of soil. Soil weighs around 78 lbs per cubic foot, so that single planter can hold 1,248 lbs of soil, or literally over half a ton. And that's just one planter.  Protip #2: Focus on getting your restaurant up and running first.  Then get the garden going.  You're going to be spending 80 hours a week in the restaurant, you aren't going to have time for a garden, there literally aren't enough hours in the day.  Where are you located?    The perennials will need special provisions made for winter dormancy. If you're in a cold-winter area, their containers will need to come down from the roof and be sheltered in something like an unheated garage for the duration, or be sunk in the ground up to their rims in a sheltered location.   Bramble fruits require a lot of plants to produce enough berries for the restaurant trade. So all those containers will need to come down off the roof in the fall.  Figs will also need to come down off the roof for the winter.
I liked it too, at first. Sweet smell, pretty flowers, covers the fence, what's not to like? And then I started finding it strangling my climbing  rose, my daylilies, Siberian iris, phlox, hostas...anything that's more or less vertical gives it an excuse to twine around and around it, and eventually it gets thick enough that it shades it out. It's nearly as bad as field bindweed to remove from around rose canes.
The robins were scavenging for the earthworms that you dug up. They don't eat foliage.   &gt;I live in a city, so I'm sure it wasn't deer.   lol.  ["city deer'](https://www.google.com/search?q=city+deer&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=X&amp;ved=0ahUKEwi8uYqJpbzUAhVj0YMKHUsFDXwQ_AUICigB&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950)  Plant them, see what happens. I have resident rabbits who customarily bed down for the night in my big patch of Siberian iris, and I also have a resident woodchuck, and  I've never noticed the iris being eaten.
I've got mine under a T8 fluorescent shoplight and it's doing well.
