I always use the AT-ST as a anti aircraft weapon, always satisfying blowing rebel ships out the sky, the only issue is the ridiculous range of the ion cannon, you can sit back miles away from the action on the ground and still get taken out. especially on Hoth
I'm surprised people believe you need to have skill to use the pulse cannon, its a 1 shot kill weapon. In my experience using it, no skill is really needed, its as simple as point and shoot.
It's not the man weapon I use, but if i'm having one of they days where I just can't seem to hit anything, it is my default gun to help get a few kills and get the confidence back
If you have a good partner who is trying to play the objective, it can be really handy to use him for spawning and getting back into the action quickly and not having to run a mile to catch up
I'll be happy for Siri just to understand my accent one day
Yeah, I use the AT-ST as an anti aircraft vehicle
Same, I do get a deep sense of satisfaction taking out rebel ships.  Although it can take multiple attempts to take out a A-Wing
Just voted. Remain.  Some of the story from the leave camp have been disgusting, you must feel like a leper being a foreigner in England (Not the rest of the UK) right now.   Be interesting to see the outcome, If English votes does pull Scotland out of the EU it would be a constitutional crisis.
After watching Die Hard when I was a wee boy, I assumed all Americans are Cowboys for a long time.  Wasn't until I seen City Slickers that I realised differently
Yes. During the 2014 Independence referendum we had been repeatedly told by the NO camp, if we leave the UK we leave the EU and leaving the EU would mean devastation for our economy as businesses and banks  would uproot and move elsewhere.  In short, we got sold a lie.   Right now the UK is up shit creek without a paddle.
They didn't.  For starter it would be a bad thing for the Spanish fishing industry not having Scotland (and its vast waters) within the EU   At no point did Spain say they would block Scotland remaining a EU member, believe me, I lived through the referendum
Said it before Alec Peters has been trying to set this up as "us the real Star Trek fans" aka Axanar vs " Big bad evil studio, who hate the fans"  Star Trek is global. People like me wont be paying CBS All Access simple because I'm not from the US  I've just had a look, Axanar has had 2.3m views in almost 2 years, on the global scale of things, that is peanuts, small fry. CBS will still sell the show around the world.    Alec Peters is deluded, I'm surprised his ego can fit in the studio door.
Off topic.   I always thought that expression was totally out of character for Sisko, every time I watch Emissary it throws me when I see him do it.
Yassss!  Despite having them already on DVD or Blu-Ray. I'm just too lazy to go upstairs and grab a boxset.
I'm pretty shocked the amount of guys on here that are expecting to pay for the meal/drinks in full.  Every date I've ever been on, we have split the bill 50/50 without any issues
All the time, only because I find it more fun defending people than attacking them.
Must have been my imagination seeing all they English MPs, celebrities and campaign groups coming up here begging us for a no vote.
Watching the BBC, some DUP spokesman (I didn't catch his name) sounded happy that the devolved parliaments won't get a say.
We still have to watch this video as part of our fire safety training. Never gets any easier to view
Scottish Labour have single handily made the Labour brand toxic in Scotland  That is an incredible achievement.  It's even more amazing that UK Labour seem to be ok with how they've handled things up here.  Personally I would vote for Corbyn, but you can't vote Labour up here without giving your vote to Scottish Labour and that is something I will not do.   It's even more laughable that both Scottish Labour and the Scottish Lib Dems said during the last GE campaign they wanted to win over independence supporters, yet within a few years they've decided to go full unionist
I see Patrick Harvie a lot cycling around the city. He doesn't wear a helmet, which surprised me
Yeah Scotland suffered some horrific casualties during both world wars   From the top of my head, I think we lost 3.1% of our adult male population during the First World War   The Russians recently recognised the role carried out by Scots during WW2 who used to run the artic convoy that helped kept them in the war with vital supplies with an Artic Star
I was typing that from memory  [Clicky](http://www.eveningtimes.co.uk/news/13296055.Russian_honour_for_Scots_Arctic_convoy_heroes/)  *SCOTTISH veterans of the Second World War's Arctic convoys were honoured at a special ceremony in the City Chambers*  *They were presented with the Ushakov medal by Russian Consul General Andrey Pritsepov.*
Most taxi have a flat fare charge, but I reckon the airport bus is the cheapest. It's really quick, from memory it only takes around 20/25 minutes and you have a bus every 15 minutes
I remember my tester said something similar, I couldn't see a safe place and just told them I don't feel comfortable stopping on this road as a result, he seemed absolutely fine with that
Scottish Labour don't support Corbyn.  Unfortunately you can't vote for UK Labour up here and me personally, I won't vote for Scottish Labour as a vote for them is an endorsement of Kezia and the rest
For me it depends on the mode.  I've seen players sitting back sniping in War Pigeons. I can't get my head around that one
2 rolls and square sausage washed down with a can of Irn Bru
Rather easily   We took a Newcastle United reserve team keeper who I don't believe even sat on the bench for them and turned him into a £12m worth international capped England keeper within a few years
Great memory.  And thanks, he turned out to be a great keeper for us
I like Michael Higgins, he came to Scotland last year and read a poem in the Scottish parliament
I have.
Football  It just wrecks your life
Where in Scotland are you from mate?
So where abouts mate?
I asked the question first   Where are you from mate?
To be honest, if players don't want to participate then that's fine, they shouldn't be forced to do it, it's only a game of football after all.  I know for a fact the UK didn't come to a standstill for a minute silence either, some people did, others didn't. It's a personal choice   As long as they respects others right to do so and don't cause any disruption I don't see an issue with it really
Half the sub? Nah, don't worry you haven't gotten that much attention, you can deflate your ego a little.  The most privileged individual in the country isn't a man, its a women sitting on a throne and rides in a golden carriage after all   Nah, despite your condescending attitude, sorry  men are not born privileged.   If you don't believe me, take a visit to areas in Glasgow such as Carlton or Milton (I know this from experience) and you'll very quickly see no man nor women is privileged.   Your average guy can be born into things such as poverty as easily as your average women, they can suffer from harassment, racism, abuse etc...   Ah, so you have absolutely no evidence to support your opinion using the word cunt might be a reason why this sub is mostly male?   You're just making an assumption based on your own misconceptions of the word.   Thanks for clearing that up.   I consider it's your aggressive attitude towards men that might be a contributing reason why women don't post on this sub.  See, it's easy to make suggestions without anything to back it up with.   Still convinced you're arguing for the sake of arguing.
Aye, sure I will cheers   Hope your day improves
Ugh, give it a rest.   If it makes you feel better I'm not an SNP voter, I just don't get blinded by the facts.   We have different rules for Scottish and NI MPs than England and Welsh MPs in Westminster thanks to EVEL   The SNP won Scotland... again   If you can't accept that. Then tough titty
Don't blame them  Aberdeen is cold. I'd run away if I was living there also
For me personally, one of the charms I found about Enterprise was that the Captain and crew was untested and Starfleet had zero experience when it came to space exploration.   The ship relative speaking, was unimpressive, small, poorly armed not well defended, and they had a lack of a massive fleet to help back them up if needed.   I enjoyed them being the underdog in just about every situation.  The galaxy seemed a whole lot bigger and the odds of surviving any encounters with a potential hostile species a lot longer. It really felt more like pushing the boundaries of the final frontier   Whereas, the further in the future. What will we see? Bigger and faster ships, more advanced technology, pretty much knowing what to do or how to handle every situation, flying about as the top dogs with only a limited number of people capable of challenging them both technological and experience wise, etc...   Considering the size of the galaxy, I would think having ships capable of traveling to other galaxies is OTT for the show.   Surely we can still tell plenty of interesting stories within in Milky Way  I know i'm probably in the minority, but I've honestly got no interested in going further into the future
Living a life of privilege probably helps
Must admit, the constant grinding involved just to make any sort of meaningful cash, bored the hell out of me.   I gave up after a while
I'm impressed with your Scots
Our pitch it looking like a beach at the moment.   I couldn't see the tie being swapped unless we are willing to play elsewhere. But since the game will be on the ST the only stadium big enough would be Murrayfield
Our pitch has been dug up, it's looking like a beach at the moment. The game is on the ST, the only other stadium in Scotland that is large enough to accommodate would be Murrayfield, that is of course if Celtic are willing to play elsewhere since it would cost more than a pretty penny to rent out Murrayfield and do the necessary changes to it.  The game will go ahead in Belfast on the 11th or 12th, No doubts about it.   Games are played all across Europe with political baggage, UEFA have yet to stop them from going ahead   We are not going to see any riots break out either. People tend to overreact in these situations.  I remember talk about Glasgow being burnt to the ground at the first Celtic v Rangers games last season.
I'm Scottish, I don't have a clue
My ears bleed when you hear someone try to put the accent on in a film.  The only convincing one I've heard is from Jonny Lee Miller, then against thats an east coast accent so im not sure how it holds up with the locals
This is the pro EU Scotland flag you'll seen over here   http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/g/gb_sc-eu.gif  Personally, I like it
