I'll find the perfect diet for no wipe dumps.
&gt; I file taxes both as a business (3D Animation), and as a person (owner of 3D animation business.)  But you don't. The business is a separate legal entity, which is the whole point. A business owner does not get to claim all of their businesses taxes as their contribution to the government because other people also contribute to the value of that business.   I agree there's little value in seeing Trump's personal tax returns though and can understand why he doesn't want the headlines that would result from releasing them. I don't care about them, but it ended up being a bigger deal in the campaign because he didn't release them. And in the end everyone knew or thought that he didn't pay any personal income taxes anyway.
Chiming in to say I didn't have any spiritual feelings on LSD, not even a "greater connection" to life or anything. Felt more introspective though. All brains are weird and fucking with brains does even weirder stuff. It's all perfectly logical.
I'm having an easy time with Mage/justice heraldy/ bloody wolf. The Justice gives 5 defense and bloody wolf reduces hp/attack for minibosses and final boss.   I find defense is really important to reduce the enemies damage when they hit my dragon minion. Mage just makes it really east to kill final boss and pick off some ranged enemies. Bloody wolf doesn't make a huge deal. Any other gumball would probably work.  FYI, the bandit claws and Kaito attack will steal random materials from normal enemies, the buff items from minobosses  (but then they don't drop anything when they die), and EP from final boss. Only used one on final boss, so it might drop other stuff too. Basically bandit/Kaito is a waste.
I'm not tired of winning yet. I'd like the chance though.
This thread made it to /r/all and I'm not familiar with this sub, so bear with me. Can you briefly explain this subs/socialisms stance on the appropriate use of military force? When to use it, how to use it, etc.  I ask because there are differences, as small as they might be, between the policies of Bush and Obama regarding military action and what to use when. I assume Trump will also have differences.
Thank you for sharing and teaching me more about that piece of very recent history.
Option 1. Redirect my intestines into a colostomy bag and deal with it like many unfortunate people already do.
He's right tho, that's why I don't take showers.
You have to look at the personalities and company structure. The three people that left basically run their companies like a private business. They chose to leave the council and they didn't need to get approval from a board to back them up.  GE, PepsiCo, IBM, and others, have far more decision power diffused through the corp structure. Public email campaign has to be focused on the individuals who have the authority to leave the council.   I personally don't have the information to do that though.
&gt; I'm trying to shill for a deng xiaoping flair  You can't have it unless we all get it. We are all deng xiaoping shills on this blessed capitammunism day.
Grandopa you're the best.
Guys he stopped talking to me I win
I think the websites catering to kids has had more affect than other age gates. Kid websites tell you to have your parent give permission or sign up for you. Kids do that. Sometimes.
My backflip is that I'm not on Tinder to turn people morally good. The level of fucked up stuff they need to be doing for me to even care is up at the "life without parole" crime level. Terrible marriage and/or home life is their business.   This all changes if we become more than Tinder dates.
You're not my doctor anymore you can't touch my special place anymore
The seizure that causes "drunkeness" will usually not affect the person's awareness, unless they went unconscious and are still waking up. The absence seizures mentioned usually don't cause the drunkenness. That's more of the "dazed" effect.  Everything depends heavily on the individual though.
&gt; We're not in the 50s anymore. There's more than one sort of human to base fiction on.  I miss the 50s when my good ol' characters were normal colors before they started pandering to the young generation. In my day we had classic like white for the lovable Pong game, yellow for that chinaman talkin' fella before he got hitched to the girl with a bow, and green for our brave American hero fighting off the invasion of ILLEGAL aliens.   I'm not afraid to admit that those characters were better before those creatures started invading our games. Those new "people" like the elf that causes trouble for entrepreneurs with the courage to sell pot. Or hordes of thugs that came through that portal; they should get kicked out of Azeroth and go home where they came from.  My games used to stick to reality. White males are simply the people who make up the majority of every fake universe before they even exist. That's just a fact and we should all admit it.
&gt; Actually that was my question. Was does the ability of having babies to do with treating some beings well, but others not? Why do you draw the line on species level?  Repeat step 1. I draw the line at species level because I want to mate with other in my species, thus making humans the best.  &gt; I'd say being emotionally connected to another animal implicates having compassion for them.  Okay. I said I did.  &gt; Utilitarians propose sentience, more precisely the ability to experience suffering as a metric. What do you think about that?  Choosing suffering as the metric is arbitrary. Like many things. There's no reason not to pick it since you need to define "good", but there's no reason to pick it over the metric of "largest quantity of living bio-mass".  &gt; So you'd disagree with /u/ReservedWhyren who said "I don't care if a bunch of cattle and pigs live unsatisfactory lives if it means food costs less."?  Read the rest of shit I spend typing out if you're going to bother replying. Compassion is a factor in my beliefs and actions. In this case it's not a big enough factor to stop me from eating the suffering pig. I don't disagree with that other guy, especially since he points out that more animal suffer can lessen the suffering of humans.  FGM is worse than spaying and neutering dogs. We agree on that.
&gt; What does that mean? You can draw the line somewhere else and still mate with others in your species.  It means I feel like I'm repeating myself.   1) I can only reproduce with my own species. 2) I want to reproduce (biologically speaking). 3) Because of point 1, I value my species above all other species because my species are special to me and only my species lets me achieve the second point. 4) Because I value my species above all others, I draw the line at species. 5) Drawing the line anywhere else would be arbitrary.   &gt; How is largest quantity of living bio-mass a better metric? The weight of all human beings is less then 400 million tonnes, the weight of all cattle exceeds 520 million tonnes. Doesn't help to answer the question where to draw the line.  How is choosing suffering as the metric any better? Living bio-mass can be quantified easier than suffering. And it does help draw the line, whatever species makes more biomass is best. I'm not going to figure it out because it's irrelevant to what I'm illustrating here about my thoughts on  the utilitarianism choice of metric.  Then you go on some rant that's also irrelevant to what we've been talking about. The guy you quoted said worse living conditions can make meat cheaper for humans. I pointed out that cheaper meat can make humans happier, decreasing their suffering. That's a fact. It has nothing to do with whether or not eating animals increases or decreases overall suffering. I don't even care if eating animals increasing overall human suffering, since that's not even my metric of utility, nor do I even follow utilitarianism.
Oh, I see now; you mean even once the Trump admin is gone school choice will be tainted. Yeah.   I know Obama admin ran school choice test programs that had positive effects. I don't know much more than that though.
He pays me to go through every cereal box in the supermarket and plant the carrots.
I'm stuck in a loop now. Send halp
You're likely a fuckass for insulting someone with a preference you don't fit.   Also you literally said this 7 days ago:  &gt; I'm a 21 year old in my first relationship   You're a joke.
I can't. My jets watch too much porn.
It's okay, I don't know anyone fucking antifa either.
Yeah, I didn't need a survey to tell me this sub was mostly a bunch of undergrads.
I know two women that for a fact have done gangbangs on the spur of the moment with guys they just met with no trusted friend of theirs around. One was a friend and one was a women I just met with my friends.
I heard you did too. Also you donated to NAMBLA.
He's a great cuddler. Always supports the lower 50%.
People care about you. We just want to help. There are shelters located near your home, and a suicide helpline is only a call away.
There are many reactions to a rape event. They're all perfectly normal. It's not your fault.  More information: http://www.domesticviolenceservices.com/rape.html  Would you like to learn more?
Founded a lot of startups have you?
Nooo, me fee fees!
Glad you don't want to be white anymore. Keeping white skin looking young and healthy is a bitch.
I'm doing it right now.
I do that with only GBP as income. UBI would get me even more tendies.
What the fuck is going on in that thread? Who's fucking who? What non-white people is everyone talking about? Who gives a shit? Does this mean I'm old now?
The hardest part is getting your product in a place the people can buy it. You need to maintain shelf space, vending space, restaurant menu, and what not. People are not committed to a drink brand as much as people think they are.
You beat me by 11 days in creating this.
Sure. I've done low level moderation on other subreddits in the past.
Hey man that's great for you. I hope you enjoy keeping all those animals safe    http://theconversation.com/ordering-the-vegetarian-meal-theres-more-animal-blood-on-your-hands-4659
I support cousin lovin'. Quote me on that.
I'm a little confused by this note. Is this where it was left, or did you take it and put it up there? What shape is this building that lets people above you see into your rooms?
She's still stable and intelligent. No reason not to run.
I'm the human (pyramid) embodiment of the Illuminati
I am not an expert in this field, but I definitely want to see how this play works out. ncarange used more esoteric words so I'm leaning his way.
I had sex once because I reached a high Master rank in Starcraft 2.
&gt; after divorcing him  Ain't no law against writing steamy books while still married.
Doesn't work for me
