Rainbowsix, game is like bf4 content with csgo competitive. Im a poor guy :(
im sure theres much of guides out there, but i prefer to hear from fellow redditor's    - As a prot warrior, how can i keep much aggro and not get "out" aggro by big dmg by your teammates?   Im lv 71 so i have a pretty good size of skills, but i feel like sometimes when i pull alot, theres always that 1-3 npc going for healer,ranged dmg.
game went from being fun and knowing your teammates are on par with your mind level, to i gotta carry this shitty silver 4 while the rest of are gold 1 and diamond 5...
is there a way to contact support to delete my character? 7days for lv 20 alt is too long -.-
what can we use gold for anyways? im new and havent even gotten to cap
lv 20 is best early lvl to start, i reach gold at lv 26..  only loosing to summoners and fm cuz their cheese at low lvls
i have settings to low-med, but still getting constant freezes in party plays ( medical hospital/stadium dungeon/mission )
just recieved a txt saying, my tmobile hotspot is at 80% and at 100% speed will be down to 120kbps.. im using tethered as my internet for my pc ( usb connected to my s4 ~ pc )    but it also stated that my data on my s4 will still be high speed, is there anyway i can use that as internet through tether ? ( newbie here )
im stupid, i thought i needed mobile spot to use tethering lmao..  btw, does x-amount of uses = decrease of speed?
first character i played was assassin, got lv 15 and went straight to gold lmaoo.   assassin controls the match all the time! once u learn your skills its fcking a walk in the park.   Anyone who disagree is either an assassin or just trolling.   If u want a real class, go kfm or bm..
i have this pre-made fused clapton coil dual. 26g/36g Kanthal wire 6 wraps.. should i lower it to 5 for a 50-60 watt evic mini mod? or 6 wrap is enough for the evic mini
this shit getting me light headed, and i never get light headed from vaping.. ( i have all my juices 3mg )  do you think its safe to vape, and ill probably get use to it?
I mainly wana go magicka cuz i heard stam dk only spam that wrecking skill..  im a main DPS dont really care much for tanking,support
what build do u recommend for magicka dk? upon doing some more research, ima main magicka.. also is dunmer the masterrace of magicka dk?  as for leveling, should i focused of s+shield or destro and for 2nd weapon set restro staff?
Im currently using destro  and its really fun, im surprise how i have to really pay attention and not spam skills due to the NPC actually moving,attacking at this early level.  As to build wise, im def going with magicka.. But i can't really give you a specific "role" other than DPS, because i have no idea what DK are in endgame PvP.. other than burn your opponents with fire.  Like posted, i prefer melee overall. What builds would you recommend for high potential Dmg, while having survivability as DK?  mind giving me some general build routes? then i can decide for myself what i would be aiming for in endgame. ( mainly PvP, and PvE for gearing up )
ESO best community mmorpg ive ever experienced... i even made a craft-or/dealer that makes me gears each 10-20 levels  lol ;D
i did 28/32 fused clapton, pretty hard at first, but i got use to it.. ( went through 70ft of wire on the first try lol )
will i have problems with stam regen/ maintaining enough stam to last me in long fights as a fresh 50 on BwB/azura
will i have problems with stam regen/ maintaining enough stam to last me in long fights as a fresh 50 on BwB/azura without CP  ( pvp wise, and leveling 1-50 )
my first mouse was D-A.. loved it! does this mouse have any problems with  clicking? ( as a gamer, i click almost a million times a day )
yo mind sharing me ur spots? im currently in pc, and no one here likes to grind
i play on what i find comfort, back in 1.6 iirc i was playing under 1 sensitivity lol ( was using deathadder )   But now im not competitive anymore, i just play for fun on csgo.. although im really hardcore on league, and Eso
yea thats the way i did it, and the coils are new. neever been touch
PC, NA-AD  how much will it cost to buy a full "new player" package set?  im a Stam NB, and looking for complete set ready.  - Levels 25-49 sets  - Hunders rage 5 medium or night silence? ( prefered blue or greater ) with exploration traits
leave ur pc on for the night.. game is big and slow download after 80% its fast.. ( i have fios internet good internet speed, and it took me 2-3hours )
hey, i just started pvp'n recently, im lv 18 atm.. 2h/bow.. im wondering how do i deal damage efficiently?    Im sort of confuse as to, whats my skill rotation?  i typically go with, poision injection &gt; blur &gt; ambush, switch to 2h &gt; spam wb, maybe hit once for brawler dots,shield &gt; spam more wb &gt; back to ambush for stun or ultimate siphoning &gt; excute/wb ( and somewhere between i use cripple )   yes im low level, but i do love to min/max as a pvper  For my bar i have  - WB - Brawler - Excutioner/Crit rush - Blur - Cripple - Consuming darkness  My 2nd bar  its my leveling bar for pvp, basically 2 skills of bow, shiponing ultimate and other nb skills  from each tree to level.
why is it, my cottons always seem to taste burnt. but when i check, theres still a solid moist spot ( maybe 2-4 more pulls before it goes fully white and need of a wick )   fused clapton 28/32 kanthal, 5wraps on 58w velocity rda.
made sure their evenly pulsing, i have ocd with building lol.. although im not sure if this actually creates friction but when i wick it, i sometimes touch the coil with my plastic unicorn bottle..
i vape all day every day yow
sure! always love to see  healers doing what they do best:)  btw do u know a  good stam dk race/ what weapons i should be leveling with for pvp
ok i just checked my 10ml bottles, and i forgot i vaped them alot last time, so now ill throw it my silly rabbit 30ml 0mg with the 2 5ml juices, creamy latte and convicted melons.. http://imgur.com/FZqGwZ4
all? 15$ which gauge u want? runnbl3@outlook.com
iirc, i signed up for a guaranteed play-time.. is it this june?
ESO, you think the first zone your in is great? wait till you go to the next one!  im on a faction EP, their zone has been the best scenery i've experienced.. ( WOw,aion,bdo,aa,bns,gw2,etc )   best $20 game i ever spent! games worth atleast $60 from the amount of content it provides, and loads of dlc, and more to come! also no subs required!! but if you do plan on getting eso+ its $15 monthly, plus all DLC AND 1500 crowns ( $15 ) ALL FREE!!! on every monthly purchased/re-sub  games getting bigger, better!
does cvs,walgreens sell them? i use abreva whenever i get cankersores
GunZ - if you were my twin that run cw nonstop, detention . hmu!
i went as orc, going with fengrush build due to his experienced playing as stam sorc.. do we lack magicka recovery? cuz i feel like since i have 0 cp, ill be spammin dark deal alot.
This is the reason i made stamsORC, fengrush  has caught my attention with his build and gameplay..  but i do wonder, is the damage we see from his stream done by his teammates or hes damage is on par.   also do u know any sets i can run while leveling? im currently going for dw/2h, and switching off to bow at 50.. ( only need poison injection from bow iirc )
vapretrik doing a fathers day sale aswell, go check out their juice rainbownuggets, by far the best cereal juice i've tried..   also dont need code!
Are there any low level PvP guild for EP? PC NA.
im stam sorc, im 2h/dw.. aoe is great, single target is great. Either one is fine.. play what u want/whatever fits your playstyle..
so this might be ask alot, but im fairly new to vaping and havent been on this sub lately,    i have a 60w boxmod ( evic mini )  im trying to get a pre-made clapton, what gauges are best for 60w mod on velocity rda dual coils ? also any sites u recommend ( not ebay )
What hes saying is reddit community are bunch of asses lol. But if you browse around eso subreddit, its completely the opposite.  eso has the best mmorpg community i've ever experienced.. Guilds would invite you just so they can craft you  gears, help you out on a quest,dungeons..  What mmorpg has been without a hacker, or people getting ban? He makes it sound as if eso community are all hackers, and elitist.   the fact he said pvp is dead, is the obvious reason all his shit are b.s  or maybe you havent even touch eso lol
how??? i have about 3days put in, and still lv 4 on alliance skill tree lol.
Run dungeons, ask around, join a guild.  since ur new, enjoy the game!
Any low level/ BWB guild? im  PC NA, DC. i have discord,ts if needed!  @mechsauc3
how she vapes? have u tried doing dual with the same setup?  i find that velocity is mainly for duals, and have yet to try single build on it
WoW = a true mmorpg, it has all the contents u need! beside sandbox lol  ESO = has skyrim elements, with dark theme like game of thrones lore. But mixing it with mmorpg elements.   i quit WoW for ESO and only eso got me playing tons of hours into an mmorpg again..    graphics are amazing, lore is there ( i heard it was amazing ), pvp is there. DLC contents every quarter!
No it is riot. People do get butthurt so they report you. Then your account gets suspended for 2weeks.
do you know if shots are now being determined by the angel you use on the stick? i havent played 2k since 2k13 lol
