Fuck me and my shrimp dick. That glocal bastard.
I tried my [best](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
Call me Richard.
This is one of my favourite moments too. It's from Episode 10 - [Grandma](https://youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
I'll.. I'll change!
I'm a chicken of myself.
I'm Scotian and I've never heard anyone use kg's.
At least I didn't drop out of college.
That's right. I'm quiet, I am clean and just between you and me I bake a mean frittata.
I play a pretty consistent and high level of ball. I had patellar tendinitis. I went to go see a physician and they basically gave me some excersises that would increase strength in my hips. They also hooked the area below my knee up to an electromagnetic pulse machine (I think that's what it was). The two definitely helped, but I'm not sure if your tendinitis was caused by the same thing as me.
You are my mental slave.
You're my best friend too, Ace.
Last time I checked, I'm have a pussy.
I'm Rick. James bitch.
If I were you, here's what I'd do. I'd hire Dan Gurwitch to spy on you. Stealing y'all jokes and making the cash, if you call us out then you're an ASS.
We're beefing.. I'm a beef.
My fear is that the car won't fit entirely and you'll be forced to take care of me as a quadriplegic, master.
Actually yes I do. He spells the address wrong on purpose so he can talk to his brother who is only accessible by email.
M8 I already did it..
I'd actually be down to make a joint chequing account with him.
Yep, down for me too:/
Fuck me and my shrimp dick. Knowing history of pies is for nerds and jocks? Wanna know why? Ask my UNCLE.
Huh. Sorry for doubting you pal. How and where should I grind? I'm in EP and I'm a night blade.
Dartmouth Nova Scotia?!
I'm on a subreddit with a guy who got into a fender bender with David Robinson.
I my game, them and the Nords kinda juggle between suno and praven but they're still around!
Much appreciated man!
[As have I, mate](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
[Heres me explaining why you're wrong, ass.](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ)
I wasn't being rude I was just saying that the 40m+1 came from Arsene's Suarez bid. Interbreeder.
[I spent way too long on this lol.](http://rickrolllol.webstarts.com).I really loved the idea though and I hope you do too
Got two reds in my first PL game after being promoted with Cambridge. Managed to win the the game but holy shit the ref was awful. We couldn't catch a break.
Well I don't meant to brag but I am shooting less than 25% on 200+ attempts so get on my level
You just assume I haven't tried those fixes?
Yeah I'm kinda in the same boat as you. But at the same time, you'll see guys with no jumper like Ben Simmons or MKG slamming in three after three so I guess theoretically any player could.
Believe me I've been doing several things to fix it. They work, it's just annoying. No gamer should have to deal with that every single time they start the game, it needs to be fixed asap.
I'm playing 6 minute quarters, not buying any VC, and I'm currently at an 81 overall before the break.
They maced my face.
Yup. Four teams including myself were all in with a shout of winning the title with the fifth team not far behind. It was close as fuck
Didn't sign a contract
Michael
The absolute cunt after waiting three years to sign with anybody and growing massively has gone to another premier league club. Just fuck my shit up. On top of this, Ibras regen who I signed from Man U was sold back to them by the board for twenty million under his evaluation.
Fuck me that was three years ago
Well Charles Oakley wasn't allowed around our parts so tough shit.
I
Pretty sure my dude
I didn't downvote you
Got m'bappe for 12m
I do this for FIFA, 2k is a little simpler I feel.
I signed this guy in my Ligue 2 rtg and he fucking blew
