I'm just now becoming aware of the concept of a "summoner"... it seems like bee armor allows 3 pets at a time.  Is bee armor viable for hardmode or should I stick with a platinum set?
Yeah I've had a couple insanely amazing drops on this character.  Shame it's only a game and not the lottery
I used the yo-yo a lot in regular mode, but it seems like it doesn't work when I have 5 summons going.. they hit the enemy so rapidly my yoyo never connects/bounces and the counterweight never comes out.
hmmm, i didn't think to check, but that's probably why, I had just gotten back from fishing so it was probably past midnight already.  That's good information, thanks! :)
Hmmm, actually since building out the trap system, it's common for there to be a total of 10+ enemies caught in tiger pits, and since I'm not actively hunting them down they are dying very slowly.  I hadn't considered the total population might have an impact, but that's definitely a side effect of me not actively going through laps around my perimeter killing things.  Thanks for the detailed response!
Regarding the saucer, I've had it spawn as early as 11%, and when I'm standing outside they literally spawn back to back with less than a 2-3 second delay between them, and as soon as I go down into my base they stop spawning.  In fact, if I sit in my base and don't attack, I can sit there for 5-6 minutes and not see a single saucer, and the instant I emerge, a saucer spawns.
actually i have it on vhs, but I'm watching the YIFY rip.  I'll need to compare the two.  I didn't know that about TV stations though, that's interesting.  Edit: I cross referenced, the YIFY rip goes back to regular speed about 20 minutes in, but the first 20 is definitely sped up visually.  Same on my VHS.
Hmm, I hadn't thought about taking the simulation overhead into account, i've been focused on in-game concept design.  Taking the number of parts into account changes things though, cheers/thanks!
i mean ive managed to get into orbit, i know not to try to launch east (although the upside down world is confusing), and I've managed to land on Mun and get home...  I'm not sure if "intuitive" describes it well (I had to look a lot of stuff up), but the problems I'm having are theoretically sound space stations wobbling themselves like a PVC pipe at a blue man group concert.
I usually get out of mun's gravity with RCS rockets, the tricky part is knowing which direction to fly! =P
I had 3 coolers and built four of those water things &amp; still was in the 40s.
Hmm, actually that's another thing I'm struggling with, I have a TON of animals, and they all have free range of the place &amp; make everything filthy.  I'd been kicking around the idea of restraining them to a barn, but I've taught all my pigs how to haul stuff &amp; they're actually quite helpful.
The ship is actually in a forest area, but there's about 15 squares of tundra to get from one forest to another forest, and all my animals and colonists die 3 squares in.  I'm currently making a base at the tundra edge to wait for summer.  This is my second colony, and my first one died horribly in the first winter, which I'm ashamed of, so I don't want to lose these guys.
Hi I'm new here and what are Launch Pods?
The "cloth parka" hint was the best tip I had... I hadn't yet realized that different materials perform differently.  I had a pile of camel fur from my Dromedaries that I wasn't even using.
I've had multiple times that a heat wave has destroyed everything in my fridge with two coolers.
Nope, I'm on a Mac though, I wonder if that's related.
Already abandoned the settlement with the dog, but I have a Megasloth I captured and tamed during toxic fallout that has Dementia, they get like 8.5+ DPS...
I assigned them to a colonist, went into "Draft" mode, walked them to the fridge, then unassigned them.
I always try to tame them.
I made a colonist slaughter her bonded labrador, skin it, and then tailor it into a tuque hat and wear it.  Winter was coming.
I think he meant create a new game &amp; then send your 3 colonists to the first base; probably answer is no.  I recently have discovered a really solid work flow planting cotton and selling it to buy slaves (the irony of which is not lost on me).
You just broke my entire life.
One of my colonists just shot someone with an assault rifle, the first bullet downed him &amp; the other 5 were just a bonus.  Cost him a finger and a toe, but he lived through it.
I played with the moisture drainer, but it doesn't handle deep water
Oh I totally agree.  I also know people over 80 who feel the same way about the N word.  Keep fighting the good fight.
In the end I was just trying to grab stuff &amp; get off the map... colonists are stupid about forming caravans.
This is my second "Giggles", and my first one was also a complete psycho.
Yeah... I always panic when a tribe of visitors wanders through.  I've been taken down by hails of arrows triggered by a bad hunter shot far too often.
I stopped having fun with Rimworld at one point, even though I don't save scum often, but the permadeath mode makes me take things much more seriously, which makes it more fun.  Also, how do you know God doesn't save scum?  You think you'd remember from reload to reload?    Related: have you played Undertale?  Early in the game when you don't know what you're doing, you're highly likely to kill a particular character &amp; afterward you find out what a jerk you are and that it was optional.  If you reload, the first character you encounter says "I know what you did ;)".  The game plays you.
You might like the game Craft the World; You control a pack of named dwarfs and build platformer style by issueing orders very similarly to how you do in Rimworld.  It's cartoony and cute, but you still invest time into building individual dwarfs skills, and you're sad when they die, and you can take direct control of one and play as if it's you.  I also feel very emotionally attached to them; nowhere near how I do in Rimworld though, the flaws of the characters in Rimworld and their limitations is what makes them relatable.  I want so badly to see myself in the game but I'm afraid of what my stats would be.
Oh, I turned that on before &amp; didn't care for it.  I like to actually see what I have, not just generally what I have.
I've had fantastic results with training pigs to haul...  never had luck with getting anything to fight, but having a bonus 4 pawns dedicated to hauling and as a backup food source is pretty nice.  Skill doesn't impact time to train though, just success rate, and the pawn had 15 in animal handling.  It happened as soon as the cobras hatched.  Might be something with having 8 cobras on the screen.
Holy crap I haven't had one of these yet....
This is the game: you're always one step behind having it together, and once you DO get it together, the storyteller blindsides you.  If heat is an issue and the electric is down you can use passive coolers (it's a tier 1 research, takes about a day, but you'd need to start on it before the problem), forbid the freezer so pawns don't go in and out and let the heat in (open doors bleed).  Cowboy hats are a fast-to-make and very effective heat blocker.  Be prepared to lose ALL your meat at any time, but animal corpses last longer than butchered meat, and harvested vegetables last forever in the heat.  If you know you can't handle an event, pack up a caravan &amp; load everything up... you're better off heading out to sell the meat than having it all spoil (meat weighs like nothing).  Always use the buddy system or send your caravan with a pet (they can and will be ambushed and you can not run).  You can always pick (harvest) berries if it gets bad.    Also, it's kind of cheating, but I always put my colony directly bordering an ally, the round trip is about 1.6 hours, so I can trade for a one-off resource.  Ultimately, 90% of the game is knowing (ahead of time) what COULD possibly go wrong, and planning for things that haven't yet happened.    I always keep a couple Penoxyline handy even if no one is sick, and build 2 coolers for my freezer even though one will do the job.    I build heaters when I don't need them (just in case of a cold snap).  Still, every game I get blindsided by something.  Starting this game, I don't try to tame animals in a herd of more than 3 animals (Accidentally pulled 15 elephants while trying to tame one in the last game &amp; they killed EVERYONE).
You can build on any set of traits if you're creative; again I've had entire colonies thrive on mining and art and trading for what I need.  Being within a half-day trip of a neighbor is a must.
I mentioned elsewhere; I work a 95 hour week &amp; get 12 weeks off per year, so on those weeks I'm either drunk or playing video games or both...  Our first born is due in March, so this is probably my last game for a long time... ;-;
I KNOW!  Sorry to spoil it, it was pretty epic.  My relationship is only like 35 with them, just sstarting out, so it was a fluke.
I have yet to encounter a Thrumbo polite enough to donate its fur~
Ahhh right I forgot about the darkness penalty.  For the lovers it'll balance, but probably not great as a general rule.  I'm on Arid Shrubland :)
[Mindy did the same thing](http://imgur.com/a/FZjfr)
I reached it on my second colony with minimal save scumming (hit some unexpected hiccups crossing the tundra).  It was kind of anticlimactic &amp; it makes the colony unplayable moving forward (very much a game over).
I've tried this before but training cobras is bugged in my game; when the pawn offers meat it locks him up for like a full game hour &amp; the snake ends up wandering off the screen.  Only happens with cobras.
Most of my colonists seem happy with about 6-7, but my night owl wakes up too soon &amp; has a break pretty frequently.
My very first colony I had one single cryo pod and no centipedes/etc, I was like "Yay, new friends!", and she still single handedly incapacitated every single one of my colonists.  Now I don't mess with them until I'm ready to part with a colony.  It's like... reverse gambling... Nothing good ever happens, you just roll the dice to see how much you lose.
A bit off topic, but regarding Bionic Bits, I notice your pawn is well set with 4 bionic bits.  I have made allies out of 4 of the 5 factions and I call for combat &amp; pirate traders on regular rotation (pretty much call every day), and I make round trips to my 2 neighbors frequently.  In 1 year of gameplay I've only found 1 bionic arm, 1 bionic leg, 2 bionic eyes, and 2 prosthetic legs.  Also, regarding the surgeries; My doctor is at 16 medical &amp; just tore someone to death installing a bionic arm, any advice for making that process more successful?  Playing on permadeath mode, so, kind of important...
Regarding capturing raiders with bionic parts; would you amputate the parts?  Don't your colonists throw a fit?  I took a kidney out of a guy who shot one of my colonists in the kidney and everyone was upset.
I'm not.
That vent doesn't connect to the freezer; the freezer is the 1x2 square next to the highlighted cooler.  The corn &amp; kibble is not in the freezer.  Sorry, I should have just said that but I was annoyed at everyone not understanding what I was trying to draw attention to, that's my fault.
Traders don't stop by much until you build a comms console and start bribing them.  I always build directly bordering an allied town so I can make a quick round trip to dump bulk goods.
