a hobby with positive economic outcome for me personally.
maine is short season and needs a lot of land for growing fuel wood. most of the soil is infertile as well
3 acres will keep you busy and well fed. Once you get everything running smooth you can just start working way less hours at a "real job" because you dont need to work for others to get basic necessities.  and considering you make drugs you may retire early
they just need to pull themselves up by the bootstraps ive been told.  My bootstraps are defective, I keep pulling but still no startup capital appears.
my families retirement accounts are lottery tickets and broken dreams
My dad is 62 has a broken back from working hard labor his whole life and he shot 3 deer and one pig in the last 2 weeks. Traded meat for help dragging animals. i figure i can do the same shit my white trash family has been doing since appalachia and the rust belt. living off the land and hustlin however we can. im building social capital, connections and people that love me . When peoples retirement accounts are bailing in the banks we will just be trading garden produce for mechanic work or wild boar for canning jars.  If you live in a small town rural area like 35% of the people have no employment but they all wheel and deal and trade, somehow everyone stays alive. Its weird.   We did plumbing work building irrigation for a big garden in trade for use of about half of that persons 3 acre garden for ourselves still using it 10 years later. Grew more veggies than i can eat, i donated so much to "food not bombs" that we fed as much as 100 bums in a single day fresh veggies.  a bunch of veggies went to seed and i saved them all and have been trading them for all kinds of stuff.   I figure once im old if no one cares enough about me to help me out i am pretty fine with just dying in the bush.
im not a failure, ive succeeded at living the high life and your concept of me deserving punishment is twisted and psycho.
you can own hard assets like land and businesses. I makes way over 100%apy interest on my investments. last month i bought a scooter for $800 on craigslist then resold it for $1500 in less than 2 weeks. you can do stuff like this and get way higher returns than the stock market.  i have plenty of strategy, i havent worked a real job in eleven years. i retired when i was 24 years old
Ive been what i would call a "doomer realist" since 1997. Humans are going to go through a major bottleneck this century with some chance of a cascading breakthrough state change i would call collapse. I think we may muddle through the bottleneck with severe standard of living declines for your common man but have no "collapse". I would put the odds of decline:collapse probability as 50-50 as best case scenario. After we voluntarily decrease our population to reasonable levels in the next century, asssuming we pass the bottleneck without collapse, we should have it made.  im expecting collapse to hit in africa by mid 2030s and work its way up.
what are you serious!?! when i bought those they were only a penny each
I had some cash saved and i would just find deals for old music equipment , cars and other random stuff on craigslist and garage sales and sell them on ebay or craigslist. I was making about 1200% APY interest with those investments just buy something for 100 sell for 200 in less than a month is crazy returns compared to the stocks and whatnot.   you should look into doing stuff like that.
It feels like the economy down here in texas just in the last 6 months or so finally recovered from the great recession. Time for the next crash.
what kind of mental disorders have you been diagnosed with? serious question
yes ive recieved 3 already
what part of the island do you live on? are you in one of the subdivisions?
Im getting double current average gmo yields with conventional ag currently but my methods do not scale like the gmo/chem/monoculture/automated systems. So yes if you want less than 2% of the population engaged in agriculture gmo/chem/monoculture/automated systems are the way to go.  at least until they finish off the rest of our topsoil.
WOW thanks for taking the time to type all of that. I think in many more secular parts of the country womens self defense squads could take out the bad apples pretty quick and be very successful. Whereas places in the bible belt would be more equivalent to those islamic countries you mentioned. Get a gun.  what part of the country do you live in?
im trying
FYI it is illegal to dumpster dive. i went to jail for it.
not if you have to hike to the outskirts of the city to hide from the police for being homeless, 12 miles each way.
*"i mainly ended up talking this way (well, writing this way) because i was super isolated for a really long time and spent all of that time reading theory books"*  i get that, im also a mostly self/book-socialized weirdo.  what is the specificity of your marginalized experience and political scenes?  I see your perspective but there are times when fascists dont really want to be fascists and engaging with them can provide them the perspective to see it from your side to enough extent that they are willing to ~~acknowledge~~ *realize* your personhood and the "do unto others as you would have them do to you" concept's applicability.  Here are some examples   An individual who hated gay men and thought they should all be killed. His total experience of homosexual men was creepy pedophile flaming annoying stereotypical queens like the one who raped him as a child. One day he met a homosexual at work doing construction who he could relate to,converse with and realized homosexuality wasnt in constant conjunction with the other traits he associated with it.  example 2. Poor white kids who grow up in black ghettoes are often victims of constant racially motivated attacks and the totality of their experience as children is that their families were kind to them and everyone else they knew was black people who brutally beat them on a daily basis completely unprovoked. Now their life experience has been that black people are bad violent criminals.   example 3  An embarrassing personal story. I only knew females who were extremely neurotic, histrionic, low IQ lunatics and i thought all females were stupid/psychotic until my early twenties because the totality of my life experience up to that point showed that to be true without exception. Then i met a mentally stable intelligent female who called me on my shit and i had to rethink all that shit. If that girl had simply decided i was immutably a piece of shit and not worth engaging with i would still have had fucked up views of women until someone else enlightened me to my shitbaggery.  so maybe im talking about edge cases like 1 in 10 fascists just need a bit of engagement to flip them out of their bullshit, which has huge  potential dividends in the long run, think of all the people they wont fuck with and prejudge for the rest of their lives. your work will save many vulnerable people from that.
Strangely the water in the gulf is way colder than normal and the air temp have been consistently 10-20F degrees cooler for this time of year.   The tide has been much higher than ive ever seen it without a storm in the gulf.  The city i live in hasnt had potable water for a while now and some of the few activists in town and I have started a task force to attack the city bureaucracy about it.
i need to get back into video games so i can be hip with the lingo
I think it is one of the best options but many times it simply isn't an option to immigrate because the process is so expensive and drawn out. I know 3 people who legally immigrated to the usa. It took my Dominican friend 10 years to finally get through the process, Cameroonian friend 6 years and Chilean friend 6 years. So it seems in many cases the process would have to be rolling before the problems began.
i found a list of all the subs and went backwards starting with the most unpopular and newest
2004 i got tired of working for sociopathic capitalists for shitty pay and having no leisure time. i actually didnt stop until 2015 because my mom has cancer , im taking care of her and she lives in a house.
Im hoping for another farm collapse like the 80s so i can grab some farmland for cheap.
&gt; Regarding the formula, could that also be used on the above .16 hectare per person countries to calculate the maximum population their acreage could support beyond their current populations? (thinking about refugee influx)  yes, i was going to do all this but i got lazy. Someone else should do it. {(km^2 arable land)*100 ÷ .16} - current population= potential refugee influx capacity. or something like that  the military thing i dont know how to figure something like that, i suspect it is impossible to figure out anything meaningful.
books, mostly science heavy stuff.   and stuff like this https://www.reddit.com/r/MakeTotalDestr0i/
Im excited to watch this play out in the market, expecting some people  who made concentrated bets to lose their ass.  52% leave as of right now
the water supply where i live has been unsafe to drink and the city council suggested instead of fixing it we just lower the water safety standards. No bullshit.  Me and my girlfriend helped start an organization to battle the city council about this issue and keep the spotlight on their stupidity and corruption. There is little hope that it works though since the places that always test dirty are in the poor peoples hoods. My ultimate plan is to just move away though, I will be a refugee leaving texas.   the lake that hold most of our water has a dam that leaks but no funding to fix it so even though texas has record rainfall for a few years the reservoir is draining fast
South texan here. If you have access to clean non-salty irrigation water and you are willing to purchase animal feed then 2-3acres is plenty.
i just got a $50,000 bill from the hospital because i broke both my arms thats not even counting the separate doctor , labs, and anethesia bill that for some reason arent included in the hospital bill.. not paying any of it ever. lol.
one arm is already working decent, the other is pretty much dead.
ben falk
Back when i was a youngin we had a 3D printer it was called a gotdamn HAND you put a filament in it called WOOD and used a gotdamn nozzle called TOOLS to make 3D thingamajiggers.  &lt; shakes fist in air,mumble under breath, thinks about walking uphill in the snow both ways
im texiting right now .FUCK DA GUBBERMENT!
Im looking for a general idea of what is known for the USA, not new york
i left hitchhiking and being an anarchist rabble rouser for ten+ years straight and now i am a tired old bum 35 years old. About to try to settle on a piece of land and permaculture it up. Use it as a base for local rebels.  Right now I've been interested in the same topics I've always been into.  freedom from leftist and rightist tyranny,really from all hierarchical nonconsensual social relations .  securing all my own needs from the earth in a way that isn't damaging to the biosphere and increases my independence from high levels of sociopolitical/technological complexity.  preparing for dystopia  preparing for collapse  normally i would be concerned with trying to get women but i've had same girlfriend for 4 years now.  information theory blows my mind https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Information:_A_History,_a_Theory,_a_Flood  trying to figure out the future of capital based on biophysical economics.  capitalism being enslavement is still important but it is more irrelevant for me personally because i haven't worked a real job since 2004.   i always try to get more people to escape the system but most are too afraid.
i would report the taxes on the $20 flat fee i charge for selling the btc
i will enjoy yours the most
it happens all the time in the united states, a plane wrecked on a ranch a few miles from here and the government seized the ranch. all 640 acres of it, they said the plane was suspected of holding drugs, turns out the plane didn't have any drugs in it but the government seized the ranch anyways. because once they took it the owners couldn't afford to fight for their innocence. no charges were ever brought
my wife is an aids infected tranny
&gt;I looked into permaculture and it is largely a pyramid scheme like scam   This is true but only as a business that makes its money selling permaculture. Tons of "permaculture" classes are run by new ager mystic con artists and braindead crystal waving rapists.   The actual concepts are legit and permacultures were widespread though out the world for thousands of years and didn't fail because they didn't work, they failed because natural capital destroying grain monoculture warlike societies compete better and overwhelm the other cultures.  I have lived on an established permaculture farm and living was easy as fuck just go out and pick food cook eat hang out try to make enough selling surplus to pay the property taxes. easy living.  bottom line is don't pay for permaculture classes unless you are an idiot or rich. just check out the book from the library or get a bootleg PDF from the internet. apply it to land if you can get land.  CAFOs may be efficient in the sense of producing a lot of unhealthy omega-6 fatty meat but grassfed is healthier and doesn't require dependence on concentrated rations grown in industrial monocultures using massive amount of fossil fuels and fertilizers.
I have a soil science book that is 60 years old and it clearly say if you increase temperatures or nitrogen in soil you get CO2 offgasing from bacterial decay of organic matter. so guess what we go and do...
except for all that winter. I'm too weak to handle that months of gloomy darkness. if canada was tropical i would immigrate
i was just seeing what info i could get real quick from the btc community who have already looked into this.   I've decided it isn't worth it.
Here is the scenario, i sent btc to a trezor wallet from electrum. I need to make sure the coins are no longer accessible from this computer running electrum, and i have a limited time to access this computer so it needs to happen soon icant wait for another day and i am willing to pay a higher fee.
The poor farmers are unfortunately reproducing far above replacement rate so even if they die it will just mean more land for the survivors, hopefully they are able to retain the cultural knowledge required to keep farming i guess.  Farmers are often the ones without enough food in many countries in africa, seems counter intuitive
why do you think you can't get girls?  What do you look like?  how often do you meet women? and talk to them?
