I have 75/77. I'm missing one in the Hollows on Mara but it's glitches and I can't get it. Idk what the second missing ghost is.   The site says I have all but the Mars one.
Yes. Chico was an English bull terrier.
Pssh. My team only uses Khvostovs.
If you're in the lower NY area, I'd be happy to take you to a range.   As for safety, I don't own a home defense gun. Just a .22 and a Mosin-Nagant carbine. Neither is great for stopping an intruder while indoors. But I'd get a handgun, shotgun or maybe an ar-15 for defense and to shoot.   I don't think that automatically having an HD gun will make me safer, that's silly. But if something does happen, and my family is threatened, I'd want something that will stop the threat.   I strongly believe that people should be able to defend themselves and their families. Especially in their own home.
I bought kellbreakers grips for my titan first week. (125 strength) Then I got judgements chance and got kellbreakers grips (50~ int, 50~ strength).   The instant I tried it, I lost all trust in the system.
I would build crazy coasters but everyone would pussy out and not ride it.   I made a train ride that was an 8x8 square with a 1 unit high bump on one side of the square. It was my most popular ride.
For pc I liked "where in time is Carmen sandiego"  Doom, quake (3 and team arena especially)  Roller coaster tycoon  Age of empires II   On my sega dreamcast I'd say:  Sonic adventure, virtua tennis, Star Wars episode 1 pod racing (DUD BOLT!), ready to rumble boxing, soul calibur II, probably more I can't think of now.
If yall need a third, I'm down. Gt: HeadshotFactory
I checked a rifle once and it was pretty easy. When I was getting my bags at the carousel bag claim, my rifle case was being held by airport staff. Meaning there's no chance of someone walking off with it from baggage claim.
I waited until the carousel was empty then started getting worried so I asked an attendant who sorted me out and got my gun.
I went to England with my family when I was really young. We went to a park with a princess Diana memorial. It was a tree with a fence around it and people tossed coins over the fence to be next to the tree.   Me being young and clueless didn't know anything except, 'hey there's a bunch of coins on the ground (the fence didn't block coins from rolling under the fence and back outside the circle).   My parents got dirty looks until they noticed my dumb ass happily scooping up coins.
I guess I should've clarified in my original post.   No I'm not. Agnostic leaning towards atheist. (I don't think there's a god but I can't know for sure)
Oh. No.   I was raised catholic.
In my hometown there's a police support organization where you can donate and you get a supporters badge. It looks similar to a police badge. All the corrupt assholes in my town are buddy buddy with the police commissioner so they can get away with blatant shit.   One "supporter" (briber) was arrested for concealed carry of a weapon w/o a permit and impersonating a police officer after flashing his supporter badge to cops from a different city.
I think you're right. I'm trying to see if theres something I can get for this specific one. It might make a useful attachment for my keys.   Thank you.   I'm marking this post Likely Solved.
I'm trying to figure out what to use it for. I have a similar thing on my key ring. But idk how I'd use this type of pin.
I volunteer at a Habitat for Humanity Restore. We don't have such a truck now but maybe they used to.   It's just a metal rod to hold heavy loads in place then?
If you mean the favorite weapon that one crucible sells, I'd say the Saterienne Rapier.   My favorite weapon to use in the crucible is probably Queenbreaker's Bow.
I remember Hannibal Buress came to Notre Dame. Some bitchy girl started complaining about him doing Easter jokes. My friends were dying laughing but some of the other students were frying eggs and grumbling about Jesus.
I said that you agreed that being in a car with someone with a gun is scary.   This was the comment that you agreed with:"As someone from the UK, the thought of getting into a car with someone with a firearm is terrifying, passenger or driver, especially if I then have to tell them where I live!  US gun culture is weird and scary."  You knew that I said that and lied about me. Saying that nothing I said was true.   I'm sharing my opinion with you and everyone in this thread. I'm sorry if you're annoyed with different perspectives but this is Reddit and there's going to be people who don't agree with you. Telling me to leave, or telling people to specifically stop up voting me (even though this conversation does seem to be generating lots of discussion) isn't how this works.
Just ask a coworker who they would recommend you ask for a reference.
Messaged you. Gt: HeadshotFactory
Depends on the state. I'm some states you can buy one without a license but you can only keep it in your home or take it to the range/hunting/competition. But you would need a license to. Carry it for self defense.   In other states like mine, you need a license just to buy one even if all I want to do is keep it home for self defense.
I've recently found out about the Mediæval Bæbes. They sing songs in old English and Latin. It's kind of cool.  But usually what I listen to depends on my mood and the activity im doing. Sometimes I'll feel like listening to the Melvins, or Marylin Manson or my fallout 3 &amp; new Vegas mix.   I have sporadic and varied musical tastes.
I think the idea of finding a loaded gun lying around is not a normal thing.   I love guns and am comfortable being around them but if I found a unfamiliar gun (not one of mine) lying somewhere like the sidewalk or a car (especially a rental car) I would be concerned and probably report it to the police. I would do so not out of fear of the gun but concern that it was a crime gun.   This story reminds me of a report out of Britain where a couple found some spent shell casings in their garden and totally freaked out. Called the police and bomb squad and pretty much shit themselves in fear over old brass.
I think I saw his name in the credits once. Or maybe it was in Archer. I've been binge watching both.
Sweet!  (I've never played mass effect)
As someone who is pro gun I'm not too worried about a law or EO that says "guns are banned" I'm worried about the way gun control has been implemented in the past. Very gradually.   Imagine now that we have this rule that says that if you make your business from selling guns you need an FFL. Next there could be an EO outlining a specific number of guns sold per year makes you a seller and requires an FFL.   I'm distrustful of all gun control measures. It doesn't mean I don't agree with some of them in theory. But people who want guns banned have seen that an outright ban will not work or have support. So instead they try to chip away at things slowly under the guise of common sense.   In my home state of New York for example the gun laws suck. And there's a proposed bill to limit purchases of ammunition to whatever the capacity* of your firearm is, every 90 days.   Meaning if I own a single shot rifle I can buy 4 rounds of ammo in a year.   *by the way, firearms with a capacity of over 10 rounds is an "assault weapon" and is effectively banned unless it has been put on a registry.
I'm registered republican but I'm pretty liberal on most social issues.   So I'm not a huge fan of most of the people the NRA promotes.   However I'm optimistic that more people like me 20-something, minority (Hispanic in my case), people get into shooting sports and supporting gun rights.
I have a follow up question after this one:  Should people be allowed to sell guns in a private transaction?  (For example my uncle gifted me an old rifle of his that was my first firearm and got me into the hobby)
Damn it Shining's face always looks so weird like that. But I've never noticed it with any other characters.
Those proposals aren't common sense. They are merely called that to make it seem that anyone who opposes such measures is against "common sense". Which is part of the reason why it's so difficult to have a proper dialogue. One side (progun) distrusts the other side because historically those groups were in favor of banning as much as they could and making it difficult to exercise second amendment rights. The other side (antigun) begins the conversation with an inherent dig at pro gun groups by implying those groups are nonsensical.   You're lack of understanding as to why anyone needs an assault rifle shows that you don't have the right perspective. First I'm assuming you mean "assault weapon" and not a select-fire rifle. Second, I don't own an "assault weapon" nor do I feel I *need* one. But I might like to buy one someday.   The reason there is a jump in gun purchases is because most legislation bans possession of certain guns but allows for guns owned before the date the law is passed to be owned. But once the original owner loses possession of it (original owner dies for example) the gun cannot be passed down to their relatives.
I have gaming headphones and it always freaks me out. I don't expect it.
Mine's in the shop?
You're welcome. I knew that Islamic Texts Seminar would come in handy one day.
I know. I wasn't being serious. However this highlights a severe issue that we have as a society.   Young black men, especially in poor communities are surrounded by a toxic and self-perpetuating culture. And a large theme of that culture can, in my opinion, be summed up by 50 cent's "get rich or die trying".   Honestly I'm not sure what I want to do with my life since I'm still relatively young. But even though I don't have a clear-cut direction in life I don't feel as if all options are closed to me and the only way I can  get anything I want is by taking it through theft or force.   And the people I look up to didn't get rich by prostituting women or selling drugs or killing people.   But most importantly I didn't grow up in a neighborhood where stuff like this happens. Or feel so unsafe that I had to form/join a gang to protect my friends and family.   I say all of this not because I believe these two men experienced all of that necessarily. My original comment was pointing out the absurdity that I saw in your reply to the deleted poster.   I understand where you are coming from with your desire to not jump to racial stereotypes but I wanted to highlight the fact that realistically, that deleted commenter was correct in a sense. There is a very good chance that if these robbers were successful, they weren't going to use their ill-gotten gains for any noble purpose. Merely just buy material things that they believe will get them respect or social status.   So I get that you wanted to call that poster out for bringing up racial stereotypes but I think it's a fruitless attempt to be PC because this is another case where stereotypes were reinforced. And until there is a multifaceted effort to  change the toxic culture that envelopes so many young, poor black men I don't see a way to break the cycle that produces situations like this one.
I'm a guy and I got cat called once in Jordan of all places. Two girls leaning out of an SUV whistled and yelled something in Arabic and honked their horn.   I thought it was awesome.
Well sometimes it's a bit of the opposite. My mom is the closest to my grandma and my mom and my aunt are the ones taking care of my grandma 99% of the time.   My moms brothers are spread out all over the country and when they visit they rarely actually help. They visit for a week, spend 6 days on trips to NYC and fun stuff with their families, then say they can't deal with stuff that needs to be done because they have a plane to catch.   One of my uncles apparently let years go by when he was supposed to file paperwork that had something to do with the estate management and my grandmas finances. (I'm not privy to these conversations directly) instead he let it slide for years and caused my grandma's house to lose tens of thousands of dollars of its value and probably cost her $60,000.    And my annoying hyper Christian aunt and uncle are always trying to butt in with their opinions as to how to handle things but never come down to do any work like taking my grandma to doctor visits, or cleaning her bedsore or sitting out her pills.
I applied to a Cosi's near my house and gave the manager my completed application form where it asked for my ssn and some other info.   It's weird that I'd never give that person a second glance out on the street but it's ok to give personal information to someone in a uniform.
I volunteered with Habitat for Humanity for two years and I'd recommend looking up a HfH ReStore near you. A ReStore is like a second hand furniture shop. The one I worked in had couches, chairs (for dining and for a living room), tables, dressers, cabinets, bookshelves, desks, lights, lots of glassware and silverware, kitchen cabinets, rugs, and appliances including refrigerators, ovens, microwaves, washers and dryers, sinks, tubs, water heater tanks.   Our inventory was somewhat random. But for basic house/apartment furnishings you could find that pretty regularly. It rarely looks brand new (sometimes we got donations from furniture stores going out of business so the items were pristine) but if you need stuff for a decent price and don't mind some nicks, scratches or some mismatched items it's a good bet.   The money from the sale goes to funding builds of low income housing.   It is a Christian based organization of that matters but the one I worked at was not bad. I was raised Catholic but I am agnostic leaning towards atheist but never came up. The guy who ran it was religious but not a hardcore proselytizer or anything.   Each store is independent of each other so a store near you may not have similar stock or be run the same as the one I described above. But it's definitely worth checking out.
I played the game "Enter the Matrix" where you play as Ghost or Niobe. So I couldn't forget her. I put in a ton of hours into that game.   at one time I had every human ship, captain and crew member memorized. Along with their stats. It was a great game.
Sorry. I did misread your comment. You're right.   It's been a long day.
&gt;No one is more of a fanatic then a convert.  Or as my dad likes to say: there's no one more chaste than a reformed whore.
I though of VaultTec when writing that bit.
I was just clarifying your comment. Since it could've been interpreted that you were saying the queers could not be gunned down fast enough and I was about to take issue with that.
I'm always glad to teach.
A problem I ran into is that some characters can't be enthralled (I'm assuming you're using dead thrall) because they are over level 40.   Any way to get around this (without using console as I'm on Xbox)?
It looks pretty sweet. But the ergonomics seem not super comfy. I wish I could hold one.
I know people who use AR-15s for hunting. (Mostly hogs)   And why just allow hunting rifles. Is it to keep gun ownership in line with that part of the second amendment that talks about hunting?
People selling to other people in a private transaction isn't a loophole. It was the compromise that the Brady bunch accepted in exchange for background checks when buying from an FFL.   My first gun was a gift from my uncle to me. No background check and perfectly legal. As it should be.
