My Raiders don't really need an extra receiver, but if we picked up Leonte Carroo I would be ecstatic still
If I was a QB about to get drafted high, I would just refuse to play for the Browns Eli style. Until they decide to have a decent roster before grabbing a QB every two years, there's just no chance anyone could succeed there.
I remember seeing that all the time in 2013! He would just keep going backwards under pressure and either give up a way bigger sack than he should've or got lucky.
Even though I'd be sad if the Raiders moved to LA, I at least know they'd be in good hands.
I'd be afraid to become a Raiders fan and then move to LA
That whole game all I could think is how Jameis was about to lead the most amazing comeback ever
Sarah probably had to write a letter for her 8th grade English class
Please Jim, we need this
The tickets are given away by lottery, so it'd be hard to get in day one. IIRC days two and three should be a lot less in demand, so you might want to just plan on those two.
So great to watch and then we choked against the Rockets and didn't get to play you guys in the final...
San Antonio though
Well according to his autobiographies he is at least
I'm glad we got rid of him
Am I crazy for wanting Austin Rivers to replace him as a 6th man? He'd be a cheaper guy to sign, so we could go out and get a better starting SF.
My mom was convinced the game was gonna end in a tie and both teams would be crowned co-champions.
Maybe. It's hard to know for sure without giving it a try. I know it works perfectly on /r/nba but they have a few games every day rather than one day with 90% of the games for the week on it. I think it's worth testing out in preseason or something and then deciding from there, because there's really no way to know with a sub this big.
I think I heard somewhere that he kept going to counseling even after the required time was over. That leads me to think that he really wants to change, and it's not just what he has to do. One of the big problems  is that a lot of guys who come from low income backgrounds (not that it's not a problem everywhere) see DV at a young age and think it's normal. I don't think most of these guys are doing things to hurt others necessarily, but they're just mirroring what they've grown up seeing. Even more than being an individual problem, it's also a cultural problem, which makes it that much worse.
Every game I see Delon is a DNP, what's up with him? I loved him as a Ute.
I'm a Raiders fan lol, just switched to bandwagon. Also the Dolphin's line has been legit this season, big reason they're in the playoffs.
Most of my coworkers who go to Dubs games every other week it seems even admit they've never cared about the team until just recently when they started winning. I know a few OG Warriors fans (and I love them to death), but I'd say a majority don't really care about basketball much. Basically if you wanna know if someone's a bandwagoner just ask them about Monte Ellis.
I live in the Bay Area, so maybe it's just me being from a super liberal area, but I've never in my life heard anyone make even a negative comment about an interracial couple. Even some of my extended family from the east coast who are very conservative have had a ton of interracial marriages, and the worst reaction I've heard is my great uncle was surprised at first, but once he saw that they loved each other and whatnot he was super supportive. I'm sure there's places all over where this is a problem unfortunately, but it's definitely an issue that is slowing fading away.
I wouldn't be surprised if some of the Raidernation guys from wherever are troublemakers, but if you go to a raiders game in oakland, the fans in the black hole are as nice as they come, great people who love football.
Oh that's a good point. If we moved to Vegas I'd still root for the team, but if we moved to SF for some reason I'd be done.
That's our nickname over on /r/CFB
Devil in a New Dress is my fav
It's barely even a rebuild since you had just one bad year. I wish I could see some of the young guys play more though. You're team's just too good to play rookies much.
Her liver failure makes her that much more attractive to him
https://www.visitsaltlake.com/restaurants/nightlife/  Honestly people over exaggerate some stuff about Salt Lake though, there's still stuff to do. Like I'm not gonna argue it's up there with New York or Miami, but it's not like living in the middle of nowhere.
Honestly I just want to rest CP3 and Blake until the last few weeks because I'm so sick of our team dying as soon as the playoffs start. All I want is a WCF appearance, is that too much to ask!
As an Orioles fan Arrieta being as good as he's been was kinda lucky. It's a mix of us not being able to develop a starting pitcher, you have a great pitching staff, and a little good luck mixed in there.
Man a few years ago we had the best games ever, but between injuries and the warriors going from good to great we haven't been able to win anything. This is the best clippers team ever (when healthy), so I'd give us a shot against anybody in the NBA. Of course that's from a fan's perspective, so take it with a grain of salt.
Yeah six songs are not enough. It's so random how I found her, I searched Sophie B. Hawkins on Spotify, and after typing in sophi I accidentally clicked her name instead, so I listened to whatever her top song was (I think Anchor), and I loved it. I think she's in the process of making new music rn, so I'm really looking forward to hearing that.
Ah sorry, what do I know, only seen a few Thunder games. From what I've seen those three guys you've mentioned have looked solid, albieit not great either.
Plus one of our players would get arrested like every other week. I hate that guy so much.
Blake's easy to get along with as long as you're not an equipment manager lol. Obviously I'm optimistic that Melo joining our team would bring us to true contenders, but I don't want to sound too homer. I really do thing that CP3 would help Melo be ok with playing a more Olympic Melo role though. He'd have probably the best shot at a ring he's ever had, and who doesn't want to see him and CP3 finally make it to the finals.
Luxury is my fav song by her, but her whole first album is very good. She's not really big anywhere, and her Trump-esque twitter rants sure aren't helping her gain any more fans. Like if you think Kanye is a problematic artist, she makes him look like the most universally likable guy.
I know OKC went from the lotto to 50 wins, and I could see the same happening iff Embiid plays all year. Part of why he hasn't played is because they're being extra careful, but big men (especially as big as he is) have a history of injury issues just because it's hard to stay healthy at that huge size.
I'm in California, so once I see firsthand how legalization goes, I'll have a better idea of my actual opinion on it, but I think there is a big problem with how little research we've done on it. Because it's schedule I most studies are pretty inconclusive, if we could get some real, unbiased science done with it then we could have a good idea as to what it's really effective for and what it's not doing much for. At the least we should test it out and then legalize it for medical use when appropriate nationwide. I could care less about recreational since I don't use it, and I don't think anyone's entitled to get high, but for medical use I think it's a big problem that there are people who don't get the help they need because some of the archaic views on marijuana.
I still don’t know what gamergate is and I’m proud to say I don’t think I ever will.
Or he just doesn’t want the stress of moving at this point in his life.
Everybody was getting big contracts that summer and Deng was pretty good in Miami before. I don’t think many people thought he would regress this much so fast. I actually was really hoping he’d either join the clippers at SF or play PF for the Thunder with KD after they traded Ibaka. I’m really surly he dropped off so much since the year before in Miami he looked like he had a few more good years left. If it was a year shorter or a few million less I wouldn’t have thought it was a bad contract at the time. Certainly not on par with the Noah contract because he actually looked bad in Chicago before that.
I actually really like Schroder and I’d like to have him on the team, but that would be a ridiculous offer to accept
Idk why he’d go here, but I’d be down. I suppose if we got Kawhi it wouldn’t be out of the question.
I hated the move when it happened, and so did a lot of people. Butler’s timing doesn’t line up with the core at all. While Lavine was injured plenty of players have come back from and ACL and kept form. At least you got back to the playoffs though, but it seems like wasted potential.
He dirty and flops as bad as anyone in the league. And whiny. And he’s one of my favorite players.
My history professor last year promoted this as an "interesting possibility" that more people should know about.
Wasn't he a default flair before politician flairs got banned? I'm pretty sure he was my flair when I first got here.
After spending ten minutes going through twitter to see what people are saying about Bush I can't believe people actually use this platform consistently. I'd be so bitter and angry at everyone if I did this even once a week I feel like.
Can any Chinese speakers tell me if my grammar here is right?  她妈妈一点喝也不酒。  I remember the negative with 一点 and a verb being different than with an adjective, but I don't remember how.
The libertarians I know irl are definitely not trump fans. Precisely because they think he's kept big government alive and especially hasn't massively cut the military.
