Darrell Arthur says hi.
Am I the only one who thought LeBron's foot was on the line on his three to tie it at 96? I never saw a replay, but I would've loved to.
Ordering a drink on a plane is not public speaking.   Being nervous when talking to a large group of people is normal. Being nervous when engaging in a few seconds of one-on-one social interaction is not.
I grew up in Missouri, so nothing resembling a local team to root for.   I was a Sonics fan starting in the mid-’90s because I had an uncle who lived there and I thought he was cool. And Payton/Kemp were badasses. I was also a Magic fan because of Shaq/Penny. Around 2000, after those two duos split, I started following the Lakers (Shaq/Kobe; I have a soft spot for big dudes who try to kill the rim, especially when they play alongside a dynamic guard), but I still rooted for Seattle first (not that I had much access to their games in Missouri at the time).  I did not follow the Sonics to OKC. Fuck the Thunder. I'm eagerly waiting the return of the NBA to Seattle. I'd hate to steal a team from another city…except Sacramento. They took the Kings from KC, which would have been my natural team growing up anyway.   In the meantime, I'm still with the Lakers. But I also live in LA now, and they have two players on the roster from Mizzou, so it works out well for me.  I also find myself casually rooting for teams with cool old-school style uniforms. Golden State, for example. A lot of teams are going to uniforms with that retro kinda feel, which is way better than the late '90s/early 2000s crap teams like Golden State and Seattle came up with.
Gabbert … so goddamn painful. As a Mizzou fan, I've watched him plenty. Capable of such amazing plays, but there's just something lacking. His deep ball is a joke for someone with his arm, and he has zero composure when things break down. So sad.
Once asked what bible I'd been reading. That was interesting.   But the hottest was when my girlfriend said "so that's what the back of my throat feels like." She is not at all into having foreign objects going down her throat, but she's very much into making me happy.
Also some north side of town that fit those qualifications. The Derby Ridge area isn't the nicest in Columbia, but it works.
I dropped a couple F bombs in a kid's yearbook in 7th grade. South Park quotes (back in the early, early days).  His mom went through his stuff to find his yearbook and called the school to report everyone who wrote bad words. I and a dozen other kids spent the last day of school scrubbing lockers.   Because, you know, we were probably the only kids in the school who did that. Not like every yearbook ever is filled with profanity.
We live in a country where teachers aren't valued. Pay them more and treat them like professionals, and you'll attract better candidates. As it is, you get a lot of double digit IQ types because they're often the ones willing to put up with it more than a few years. "Those who can't do teach" is kinda true because those who can do have options more often than not.    Source: former teacher
Three months of unpaid vacation and 60+ hour work weeks the other nine months and a salary that gets eaten into by the need to buy your own supplies for your classroom.  You can live a decent lower middle class life as a teacher. But there is pretty much no hope for much better. And you're going to be shit on by students, parents, politicians and the general public constantly.   I quit teaching and now do maybe a third of the work. I get to do awesome things, and anyone who I tell about my job gets excited. And I get paid more.  There isn't a good teacher anywhere who wouldn't make more and work less in another field.
I didn't know that going in, as I paid very little attention to the promotion for the film. I did watch a trailer or two, but I didn't exactly analyzed them. I went in with a pretty clean slate (as much as you can for a movie like this). Glad I did.
I've always had a time accepting true modesty from a guy who's gone by King since he was a teenager.
His shot looked like mine today.   I am not good.
I really can't see LeBron leaving, but you have to wonder at least a little why he wanted that player option in there.  Part of me thinks he maybe wanted to roll back into Cleveland, break the curse in year one and opt out for somewhere else.   Regardless of what he does, though, I'd be pissed (if I were a Cleveland fan) at that Love trade.
I'm all for limiting wasteful residential and commercial water use for landscaping, but that's not really going to change anything.   If we stop propping up corn/soy farmers in Iowa and instead encourage them to actually grow food, we'd solve a lot of problems. I realize corn and soy are used in a lot of things, but that's largely because they're cheap, and they're cheap because of subsidies.   (Transplanted Missourian)
29.  I remember the Suns series. Dan Majorly had a funny name (because I was 8 and I didn't know how to pronounce Majerle on Bulls vs. Lakers on my Genesis).
If I'm killed by a neighbor who mistakes me for a criminal breaking in, the fact that the neighbor *might* end up in jail is not really going to help me much.
It does not. Legally, you do not have the right to take pictures on private property. But you can take pics of things on private property from a public street. Either way, the guy was a douche. If I were in that situation, I'd apologize, delete the pics, calmly pull out of the lot, park legally on the street and take the pics again. Making sure the asshole saw me do it.
As someone who played the original EQ mostly solo, I'm all for a game that makes soloing dangerous. Grouping wasn't my thing, but easy soloing isn't, either. The constant danger of playing alone made it more fun.
I can't imagine being *that* damn good at something. A room filled with people looking on, awestruck, as I just mess around and *still* am light years better than any of them.
One of the first stories I ever heard about LeBron (and I might mess this up completely, as its 12+ years later on a second-hand teenage reading of a story):  He had already taken to calling himself King James in high school, and he'd get box after box of shoes sent to him by Nike. Shoes he didn't need and maybe didn't even want. Rather than just give them away, he'd make a show of it. Stand up in the cafeteria at school, announce he was giving them away, hold contests. That kind of show. The "hey everybody, I'm doing something good" kind of show.  I heard that from a girl who at the time was my girlfriend (and that lasted 10 years; we were in high school at the time). She thought it was awesome. Never did quite sit well with me, either LeBron's supposed actions or how cool she thought it was. Seemed obvious that he was either intentionally or unintentionally making a show of things to put himself publicly in the center of what should have been a selfless act. Or, to use some of your words, a self-styled benevolent king. It's the same sort of mentality that showed in The Decision, a big show of a simple act that he excused because there was a good cause attached. What most people took away, though, is how self-obsessed it looked.   And I'm not really even trying to criticize LeBron here. He (like Kobe, and like Jordan) are fascinating people. The way these guys play and the way they carry themselves in everyday life are tied together in a lot of ways and share some of the same root causes. Isolation for Kobe. LeBron…I don't know. But there's gotta be something from his childhood that makes him the way he is. A public sort of isolation resulting from greatness at such a young age. Maybe father issues. Probably other stuff.   I'd love to read a book from someone who was given all-access to dig into the pasts of some of the greats to really find out what made them who they are.
I've also noticed lately (but it's been happening for much longer) that a lot of links are to click bait sites that "borrow" a few choice quotes from other websites and write their own story. Reddit should upvote content creators, not content repurposers. Give the clicks to the sites doing the real work to get the info.
A kid I went to gifted classes with in elementary school won more than my annual salary on Jeopardy in the past week.   So like I have been for most of the past 30 years, lately I've been trying to convince myself I really am smart despite current circumstances suggesting otherwise.
I saw $2.69 today in Hermosa. Consistently been around $2.99 at the Shell station I go to.
The Arco (?) on PCH between Aviation and Pier Ave.   It's deceptive, though, as I think they charge a BS fee to pay with a card. Don't remember how much as I haven't been there in a while. They're usually the cheapest by a good margin in the parts of the South Bay I frequent.
This.  It goes against the reddit consensus, but mandatory reporting laws are nothing new. You don't see teachers or nurses or whoever else is already affected by similar laws being caught up in legal trouble, and you won't with this, either.   I don't know how effective mandatory reporting laws really are, and I know they can be a little burdensome for the professionals they affect. (I was a teacher and had a minor incident that required some CYA reporting to administrators, but it went nowhere.) But I've seen basically nothing other than conspiracy theories to actually suggest they're a bad idea.
I've read them all.  And Sophie Turner does more to add depth to Sansa than GRRM does IMO.
I feel like LeBron's destiny should have been the greatest No. 2 guy of all time. He's not wired like Jordan. More like Magic. And although Magic is obviously one of the greatest the game has ever seen, he was the No. 2 to Kareem for most of the '80s.
I'm actually loving that I feel certain *something* is up with her but that none of the competing theories seems significantly more plausible than the next. It's rare that I've watched this show and not at least had a guess for what was happening. For once, I feel completely in the dark on a storyline I *know* is going to have some major twist and, and I'm just excited to see what happens.
I've never been a registered member of any party. And I've never been denied a vote in any primary.   But I'd be totally fine if I were. The party should be able to decide who represents the party. If you don't want to register, that's on you.
I, like most people, was pretty disappointed in how this episode played out, and there are plenty of other criticisms I have for this season (Dorne, still no LSH, Cleganebowl now seemingly on hold, etc).  But as much as I dislike a lot of the choices the writers make, I will give them credit for making them. GRRM has had years to figure out the best way to resolve all these plots, and he can't seem to do it. The show, for better or worse, is simplifying a lot of things and making easy choices to move the story forward. Could it be better? Of course. And it probably would be of GRRM had been able to give them more source material to work with.
I once transcribed an interview that led to a story that made it look like an athlete was hinting at some racist views. He claimed things were taken out of context. Funny thing is, I had the context, and the real context made him look much worse.   It's easy for someone to point fingers at the media after the story publishes. Journalists will rarely come back and defend themselves; a war of credibility with sources just makes both parties look worse. Generally speaking, "that was out of context" means the person regrets what they said or didn't realize how it would make them look.   I do agree that the headline suggesting Chip Kelly's playbook specifically was too complicated was not quite right. What he really said was football in general was difficult for someone who didn't grow up playing it. He flat-out said he believes he could do it if he had more background with the sport but he lacks the background knowledge to really succeed.
I really wish I could like LeBron. Such a talented, classy dude. But there's just always been something abut him I didn't like.
Rick Stansbury is one of the top recruiters in the country.   (I resisted the urge to substitute dollar signs for the esses. MFer is dirty as hell.)
Easier to do when middle class families could support themselves on one paycheck.   My mom didn't start working until I was in seventh grade, and only then it was because my parents got divorced. Family of six supported on one middle class job. Not possible for a lot of families now.
Auto payments from a dedicated account, yo.   A set portion of each paycheck gets deposited into a checking account that I use solely for student loans. Payment is automatic. Deposits are automatic. I check the account once every few months to make sure nothing weird happened, but nothing ever does because nothing else ever gets paid from that account. Don't even have a debit card for it anymore.   The whole thing more or less happens out of sight. It's almost like I don't have debt sometimes because I never even see the money that went in there. Much easier on the psyche than actually writing a check for that loan every month for 10 years.
I kind of feel the opposite but for similar reasons.  Decent number of whiny Mizzou fans after Odom went 4-8 in his first year. They wanted Rhule. If he does well, that only justifies their anger further.  Sorry, Baylor, but I'm gonna be directing bad vibes your way for my own sanity.
Yeah, mine are set up so they're a paycheck ahead. And every paycheck deposits an extra $50-$100 more than I actually need, so there's a growing buffer.  Regardless ... if you have a bunch of student debt but also have a steady income to pay it off, it's nice if you can find a way that works for you to pay it off automatically and never even see the money. Really eases the pain. I miss those hundreds of dollars per month less this way than if I had to manually send the money to the government.
This plus transferring credit card debt to a new card with zero interest on transfers for a couple years has made managing the debt I piled up as a student much more manageable. Or at least much less stressful.   Will be out from under credit card debt within the next year, and when the student loans are gone, it will feel like an additional 10% after-tax raise (give or take).
I went to that sub when looking to buy a gift for my girlfriend.   Their recommendations were mainly to sites that cost about 10 times what Victoria's Secret cost (literally). And several agreed that if someone bought them anything from VS, they'd question the relationship.   So not at all helpful, really.
The same is true of the generation or two before them in a lot of ways.   One of my grandpas was born sometime between 1910 and 1920. Went to college but didn't actually use his degree (geological sciences or something, worked one year for an oil company then quit to work in a farm and run a small-town bank; bad decision, grandpa). In a small town, he supported a family on a single salary and made most of his income at a job that didn't require a degree.   My other grandpa worked his entire career in government (mix of forest service and aid jobs in DC).   Neither grandma ever worked, or they worked very little. Both retired with good benefits.   The boomers didn't start that. They just ruined it for the rest of us.
Every time I see a gif like this, I just think about how my dog would eat them.
I find dick jokes distasteful, and no billionaire has given me anything.   I want you motherfuckers to get a background check before you buy a weapon designed to kill people swiftly, easily and in large numbers.
I'm now rooting for the Falcons to lose so we can make it official in SF before the Colts can ruin it.
I was going to until you cried about your internet points.
I know republicans who are deeply troubled at the prospect of losing our national parks.   This is not an issue that follows strict party lines. More like decent human beings vs. assholes (possibly an "all squares are rectangles/not all rectangles are squares" sort of situation).
That just plain shitty school has come closer to playing for a national title than any other East school over the past four years.   But yes, we're unfortunately clean. Our compliance department takes its job seriously in the sense that they make sure we're in compliance. Other schools have compliance departments to make sure the NCAA can't prove they're not in compliance.
I came close once. It was for an entry-level job I had previously held. The cover letter he submitted was for *my current* job after I was promoted to the senior position despite the application being for the entry-level work. I was only interviewing him because I only had two candidates I actually liked and I wanted to bring in more for comparison.   He was also expecting nearly double what it paid.
But have you gotten them in Missouri, though?  He was actually arrested and booked. Had a mugshot taken.
I'm a Mizzou fan living in LA and have been a casual Lakers fan since Eddie Jones/Nick Van Exel years.   Clarkson leaving LA is probably going to be great for his career. He'd do well in a smaller market imo.
