In defense of Peter Jackson, he wasn't allowed to make his own movie. The original director, Guierrmo del Toro, had done all the pre-production while negotiations with UA (I believe) continued for the movie rights. When that was delayed, Del Toro could no longer wait as he had other projects planned and had to bow out.  Jackson had to take over as director and asked the studio for a year to go back and do his own version of the movie. Remember that he was the Executive Producer. The studio declined so he had to start shooting what was essentially del Toro's movie. I'm quite sure that if del Toro had made the movie, it would have been different. Had Jackson been given the time he requested, it would have been a different movie. Unfortunately, that didn't happen and what we got is the result.   LOTR is my all time favorite set of movies. I was really hoping The Hobbit would be more of the same. Alas, it was not meant to be.
It was going to be our first time (together - neither of us were virgins) and she was really pushing it. Problem was, we didn't have any protection and even if we had a condom, I wasn't going to risk it. We were engaged and if she got pregnant before the wedding, her parents would have been really pissed. So I told her we weren't having actual sex until she got on the pill. Then and only then, would we be having sex.  It was one of those situations I thought would never happen where I would be the one having to do the right thing and say no to sex.
The profit of any company is the difference between its revenue and expenses. Apple both had desirable products but also spends wisely. It's marketing is effective. It's product development is effective. It runs a very tight ship. There are plenty of examples of companies with lots of revenue but not much profit. Profit comes from both growing sales and managing expenses.  As the CEO of a company for more than 20 years, this is something I know a lot about.  Socialized medicine, just as one example, is not perfect a pseudo-free market healthcare system like the one in the US is also very inefficient due to entrenched profit interests.  Not everything should be provided by the government but there are some areas (such as healthcare and prisons) where a free market runs counter to the best interests of the populous.
I recently bought one and I'm quite happy with it. Apple is somewhat limited in terms of what they can do in terms of processors and memory while maintaining good battery life.  It's all a balancing act. For me, I'm digging Touch ID and the Touch Bar as well. I wasn't sure how much value the Touch Bar would really add but I've started using it and it's actually quite nice. Makes me realize just how underutilized the function keys have been all these years.  It's not BS. If you compare Mac laptops to the equivalent PC hardware, they are similar in price. The difference is that Apple doesn't have an extreme low end the way the PC does.
"Ugly" is highly subjective and being rich only goes so far. Look at Rick Ocasek form the 1980's band, "The Cars." Not an attractive guy and yet he married a super model. Sure he was a rock star at the time but again with anyone partner of substance, any partner worth having a relationship with, being rich or famous is just bonus.  FWIW, I dated a few women that I didn't find attractive initially. Once I got to know them, they became more attractive. I've also met women who were physically very attractive but became ugly once I got to know them due to their personalities.   Just be yourself. The right person is out there but like being successful at anything, it rarely comes easy. Thomas Jefferson once said, "The harder I work the luckier I seem to get."
My wife. :). No one is perfect in reality but I can't imagine being married to anyone else.
17 years ago on Matchmaker.com.
I'm not just a linguist but a cunning one at that.
Yes, I have probably had sex close to about 1000 times with 10 different partners 11 different partners. I'm not trying to brag but simply point out I have plenty of experience. And like you, if the opportunity presented itself, I'd totally be up for trying it in zero gravity.   Gravity isn't absolutely necessary but as I pointed out earlier, friction is. To achieve it, both partners must be braced against the same fixed object and that would negate most of the advantage of zero gravity.   I suppose if the two of you were floating in space (presumably inside a large spacecraft or space station) you could pull towards each other if you coordinated your efforts just right. Your timing would have to be dead-on however like a very experienced set of dance partners. Otherwise, you'll end up more like two people trying to hold hands while ice skating for the first time. You'd just bump each other off in different directions.  I don't think you fully appreciate just how much help you get from gravity while having sex.
Do you ever check out other people? We are humans so it's just our nature to do so but it doesn't mean anything necessarily.  I can appreciate the beauty of others without that meaning I think less of my wife.
One summer during high school I couldn't find a decent job so I bit the bullet and took a job at Taco Bell. After a day or two I decided that being broke was better than working at Taco Bell so I quit.
This is exactly why when we had kids and people asked, "Do you want a boy or a girl?", I replied, "I just want a healthy child."  It's also why I wanted us to stop once we had two. I figured with each child we were running the risk of ending up in your situation.  You have my sympathy. It must be incredibly difficult.
Getting married and having kids. Both have been great.
As if Mac users (or Windows users for that matter) only care about hardware specs. Yes, they are important but honestly I can't see a Mac user switching to Windows over hardware specs unless it's to create a dedicated gaming machine which in that case really isn't switching.  Familiarity with the OS, software, etc., is way more important than a slightly faster or cheaper laptop.  I greatly prefer MacOS over Windows or Linux and I do use all three for my work. Apple hardware IS more expensive but it lasts longer and as PC magazines have pointed out, if you equip a PC with similar specs and quality hardware, it comes in at a similar price to that of a Mac. Apple simply chooses not to sell hardware that is cheap both in price and quality.
No worries, kid. These are big questions and though I'm a lot older than you are, I wasn't pondering the origins of the universe when I was 18. I was busy chasing girls and trying to become a rock star. So don't be so hard on yourself.   I'm guessing you're in the UK then?
Ah. Well, that's actually good. I thought I had missed the joke. Glad (for both our sakes) I hadn't. :)
Married to a Korean. Can confirm.
The woman I married.
Not exactly a mistake. More like being lazy. I only met my wife because while searching an online dating site, I accidentally chose a 60 mile radius instead of my usual 50. I noticed but was too lazy to change it back and just went ahead and clicked the Search button. She came up because she was 51 miles away. We've been happily married for 17 years now.
Oh it gets better. Having not had any success with meeting Mr. Right, she had decided to let her membership lapse while away on a trip. When she returned, she had forgotten that it lapsed while she was away and attempted to login to her account only to discover that she couldn't. The smart people at Matchmaker.com added the number of unread messages to the "Sorry your account has expired" screen so my now wife paid for an extra month to read those messages that came in after she went on her trip but before her account lapsed.  We later figured out that I did my lazy search a day or so after she paid for another month. Had some unknown person not contacted her in that critical period between the time she left on her trip and the time her account lapsed, she would not have shown up in my search results at all and we never would have met.  Our schedules conflicted to the point where we couldn't meet in person for a month. So we spent that month just talking by phone. This had a wonderful and wholly unexpected side effect. Without all the distraction of physical chemistry, we asked each other all the really important questions (kids, marriage, money, faith, etc.). By the time we met in-person, we already know we were quite compatible. We just needed to find out how we felt in each other's presence.  About 2 months after we met online and just 1 month after meeting in-person, we decided to get married. We married 6 months later. We have been happily married for 17 years now and have two wonderful children.  Her parents are awesome btw. I couldn't ask for better in-laws.
She is incredibly selfless. Everyone else comes first. I often feel like a selfish bastard as a result which helps make me a better person.  In this respect, she is absolutely her mother's daughter.  She's smart, creative, demanding and opinionated.  Did I mention that her smile is intoxicating?   Just before I met her I thought all the good ones were already gone and that I would have to settle. Instead, I feel like I won the marriage lottery. She's not perfect. She's human after all. However, I can't imagine being married to anyone else.
And it really doesn't take very long. I didn't floss for years and finally admitted to myself that I was just making excuses. Now I floss every night.
I didn't vote for Trump nor do I support repealing the ACA. Having said that the republicans I have heard talking about it say that keeping the provision of which you speak is one of their goals.
Flesh Gordon when I was 10. Mom took me and my then 12 year old brother. She didn't realize it was basically a soft-core porn. Weird thing is, no one at the theater warned her and we stayed to watch the entire movie.
My uncle was in the room with Slotin when that accident happened. He ended up in the hospital with radiation poisoning for 6 weeks. If Slotin hadn't reacted quickly, my uncle and everyone else in that room (and likely hundreds of others) would have died.   You can see the accident re-enacted in this clip from the movie, "Fat Man and Little Boy."  https://youtu.be/9Zg69OlFOac
I don't know what it sounds like if it makes any sound at all. I will tell you this though: my other uncle told me that despite what the math said, there were some who thought the bomb would ignite the atmosphere and burn the entire planet to a cinder. My uncle said, "We knew what the math told us but OTOH, no one had ever set off a nuclear bomb before."
I initially supported Bernie and had no plans to support Hillary. However, once the nominees were chosen, as much as I wished it would be otherwise, I recognized that voting for Hillary Clinton was the only rational option.  Politics is about compromise which is something you know you've reached when no one is completely happy.  I'm just sad that the Electors couldn't do their job and actually judge the fitness of the candidate chosen by the voters. Donald Trump is clearly unfit given that he has no political experience whatsoever. Clinton may be a deeply-flawed candidate but she's spent her entire adult life in politics and thus is clearly fit.
Having watched my wife give birth twice in a hospital surrounded by people, I can't imagine what it must have been like alone. You must have been scared out of your mind that something would go wrong, correct?  What happened?
That's great to hear. We had planned on a natural birth but she came early and after 19 hours of labor, the doctor said an epidural would help. It did the trick but we were trying to avoid all that.   Glad you're a worked out so well.
Thank you. I believe she came early because she was breach (she turned early then turned again) and we had a successful version which I think weakened the amniotic sack and which resulted in my wife's water breaking 10 days early.   The version was described to us as the most painful thing a person can go through and my wife did it without pain meds to the utter shock of the two doctors.  She was clearly in a lot of pain but never asked for the pain meds. A few months later she told me that she was in so much pain, she couldn't open her mouth to ask for them. Yikes!  With our second, he was only a day early but she caved in to the pain pretty quickly (despite my coaching) and demanded the epidural. It's her call of course.
Marrying my wife.
I recently read an article that said elephants can tell the difference (from experience) between the language of those who are likely to do them harm and those that are not. They are very smart animals.
I find this stuff interesting and I'm glad you're so open to discussing it.  Let me first say that I hope you are exactly right. I hope that death is not the end and that we experience lifetimes over and over again, each one as something or someone new. It's an attractive idea to be sure.  Having said that, what makes you belief this if there's no evidence to support it? How it is not simply believing what is comforting to believe?  You say you've had "direct experience". Can you elaborate on that?
My SO tried to convince me she'd done so porn during college but she hadn't thought the lie all the way through. As it turned out, there actually was a porn star with her name but it wasn't her.
He's an incredibly brave person who obviously loves his wife deeply and couldn't live without her.
I'm not sure exactly what point but after having known each other for only two months, we decided to get married. That was almost 18 years ago and we have been quite happily married since then.
Met my wife.
I run a software company. We got rid of our office eight years ago and now everyone works from home. We love it.
I'm doing my part.
10 years ago I bought a pair of dress shoes from ECCOS. I bought them on the advice of a friend who said they are both dressy and comfortable. The cost was about $150. I don't dress up very often so I only wear them a couple of times a year. A few months ago, I needed to wear them and noticed that the rubber soles were disintegrating, leaving a trail of rubber "dirt" all over my house. I contacted their customer service who said essentially that hey the shoes are 10 years old so there's not much we can do about it.  Feeling like the shoes shouldn't be falling apart simply due to age (rather than actual wear), I looked for the twitter account for ECCOS but didn't find one and then went to find their Facebook page. On that page they asked people to post about their experience with ECCOS so I posted a picture of my shoes both top and bottom so they could see that their were excellent condition except of the soles which were falling apart.  Within a day or so I was contacted by someone on their social media team who said they wanted me to send them (at their expense) my shoes so a team there at ECCOS could determine if the shoes were defective or not. They said that they stand behind their product and that the soles shouldn't be falling apart.  After about 3 weeks, I was notified that they determined that the shoes were indeed defective and send me a $150 gift card to purchase a new pair of shoes from their site. They no longer sell the exact ones I had bought before but the equivalent pair was $140 plus $10 for shipping. As a result, despite the shoes being 10 years old, ECCOS replacing them with a brand new pair. That's great customer service.
Welcome to Austin. I moved here in 1994 from Silicon Valley when a friend said, "Hey, let's move to Austin, Texas!" and I figured, why not?
Becoming a good programmer can be very good for your confidence. Don't allow labels like ADHD to be obstacles or excuses not to succeed.
I will never forget being called by a coworkers who said a plane flew into the World Trade Center. It seemed so bizarre that it took a moment to sink in.   I turned on the TV and there was on the the building with smoke pouring out. A moment later out of the corner of the picture came another plane. Once again the whole thing seemed to improbable that for a moment, I just couldn't really comprehend it fully. Perhaps 30 seconds later it came to me that the odds of two planes accidentally running into the same set of buildings within minutes of each other couldn't be a coincidence.
It was pretty tough. We were living together and I came home one day to a note on the bathroom mirror telling me she had moved out. We had not been fighting so this took me completely by surprise. She ended the note by asking that I send her half the money we had just spent on groceries. She just had no clue how that sounded.  Heartbroken, I went to an older, more experienced friend's house and told him what happened. He told me to just wait because she would call. This seemed unlikely to me. A few weeks later I came home to find a message from her on my answering machine. Elated, I called my friend who much to my surprise told me to NOT call her back. What? She's calling! This is good news! He said, "You need her to think you're not waiting around for her to call." Against my better judgment, I didn't call her back.   After a few days she called again. I didn't call back. Her messages became increasingly agitated and I didn't call back.   After I had waited long enough, I called her and we got together in-person to talk. It was at this point she told me that while on a trip shortly before she broke up with me, she met this guy and slept with him. She had continued a relationship with him until she discovered he was an ambitionless pothead (no offense to potheads) and realized she had fucked up in leaving me. I later realized that when she showed me her trip pictures, there was one of him in it. You'd think her guilt would have made sure she removed that picture before she shared the photos with me.   Regardless of my ignoring her calls, I was still crushed inside. I said, "That's it? Well that's not a big problem."  We moved back in together but it wasn't long before I realized that she really didn't love me. Being with me was simply better than living with her parents. I told her this and then kicked her punk-ass out. I never spoke to her again.
My grandfather was born into a peasant family. He came to the US from Poland by himself at the age of just 14. He had had no education. He had no money. He had a single coat and pair of pants that were worn out in the back requiring that he wear the heavy coat even during hot New York summers.  America gave him a chance. He worked very hard in the Detroit's auto industry before eventually opening his own business. He married, raised 5 children (two of whom helped create the atomic bomb at Los Alamos) and was quite well-off financially when he passed away at 95.  The strength that is America comes from our common goals but more importantly, it comes from our diversity which gives us the ability to see the world differently than most. This is why the recent hastily-considered immigration orders from the Trump administration are so un-American.
Matchmaker.com 18 years ago. We decided to marry after just 2 months and are still happily married with 2 kids.
I've never been a Christian. It just makes sense to me that anything I am going to believe must be demonstrably true. If it can't be demonstrated to be true, I don't believe it. To operate any other way would allow me to make up whatever I want no matter how divorced from reality that might be.  You see, our beliefs inform our actions, our decisions. Basing our choices on things that can't be demonstrated to be true can lead to some pretty terrible decisions.   Relationships have ended over such things. People have flown planes into buildings over beliefs that can't be demonstrated to be true.  For me, this is reason enough.
As I said, I'm not nor have I ever been a Christian. However, my in-laws are twice a week, God-fearing, church goers who are convinced that the whole family will be together in Heaven except me because I don't believe in God. My mother-in-law is especially convinced of this.  Over the millennia man has worshipped more than 3000 gods. The evidence in support of the existence of any of them is just as good as that of the Christian God. Even within Christianity there's significant departures on what and who God is. So Christians themselves are not even in agreement. Assuming that one of the thousands of gods does really exist and operates exactly as he or she has been documented, how can anyone know which is the right one? Christians of course are supremely confident they have the right one. I tell them that the muslims, Hindus, Buddhists, etc., are all just as confident and have just as much good evidence to support their claims (zero).  However, let's assume that the God of The Bible, one that would send you to hell for not believing, does actually exist and operates just as described in The Bible. According to The Bible, this God created me and the conditions upon which I live that ultimately resulted in me not believing in him but he's going to punish me anyway for it? I don't know what it would take to convince me that God exists but an all-knowing, all-powerful God would and he yet he chose to not do what it would take to get me to believe?  So again, let's assume this God does really exist and to avoid external damnation, we must worship him. How can anyone say that you are really free to choose? This is like a person holding a gun to your head and telling you to do as he tells you or he will blow your head off. Exactly how are you really free to choose in that case?  And if it IS all true then the God of The Bible is a slave owner. We would be nothing more than his slaves. Do as you are told or suffer the consequences. And what kind of all-knowing, all-powerful, supposedly benevolent God would even need or want people to worship him? This is like a child putting out some sugar to attract ants then burning to death with a magnifying glass those that don't come to him.  If there is a God and he is just as described in the Bible, he's angry, jealous, spiteful, immoral, indecent, dishonest and vengeful. I wouldn't want to have anything to do with such a person and I certainly have no interest in being a slave. I'd rather burn in hell than submit to someone like that.  It could be argued that anyone truly worships God, with the full understanding of what the Bible says, is not a moral person.  And perhaps it's all a test. Perhaps the only people who get into heaven are the ones unwilling to be slaves to an immoral god?  You could make up anything you wanted to believe in and you'd have just as much evidence to support it. If something being demonstrably true is not a requirement for belief then why choose the god of Abraham? Why not believe in something of your own devising? And how exactly is believing in all this nonsense not the dictionary definition of delusional?  BTW, you might enjoy listening to The Atheist Experience podcast. The hosts are well-versed in this stuff and take calls primarily from the faithful.  Richard Dawkins book The God Delusion is quite good as is Sam Harris' books The End of Faith and Free Will.
Marrying my wife.
I greatly prefer Numbers from Apple. I've been using it since it was released in 2007. While Excel may be more powerful for some esoteric functions, Numbers will do the job for the overwhelming majority of people, is more intuitive and has a superior user experience.
