No I don't make close to that.   And putting that straight into savings seems unwise when looking at different financial options.
When both of us are fully satisfied
He works 6 am - 230 or 330 pm    I work 8 am- 5pm, but during certain times of the year it 730-late (can be 9 or 10 pm, more often 7 pm)
About a year into the relationship.
Not really. I'm not one for small talk texts with friends   If it's a guy I've been flirting with, it's different.
To between my shoulder blades    I'm not really a long hair person
I guess for me, if they talk after the fact and consider it ok, I don't really count it as rape.
For some reason, I seem to be like crack for metalheads. I don't understand why. I'm not even into them. I'm not metal or alternative looking *whatsoever*   I don't think it says anything about me
Nope   Most cops I've met are great guys, and we have a really solid police force, but I wouldn't be ok with the danger involved
Nope, I *just* said I didn't look alternative whatsoever    I wear business clothes almost all the time, or dresses/skirts. I have no piercings. Very natural make up.    Edit: Do scene and emo still exist? I thought those died like 5 years ago. I feel old.
Well I don't know any high schoolers and I've never met anyone scene or emo over the age of 20, but I thought the trend was dead.    Then again, I'm totally out of touch
Not overly.   My boyfriend is 5ft6 and easily the hottest guy I have ever dated. He's stupidly attractive.    Anything over 6ft4ish is too tall for me. My preference is 5ft5-6 feet.
Chris Kratt when I was 6 or 7. I was really into Kratts Creatures.
I've always upgraded. I've never left someone for someone but the quality of person I've dated has steadily gone up.
I'd be willing to try out a threesome if he wanted. But I wouldn't feel 100% ok with him using another person to figure out his sexuality... that wouldn't work for me.    I don't give a shit about him being potentially bisexual.
Love. Companionship. A partner. Someone who will always have my back. A support system. A cheerleader. A problem solver. Someone who will let me know when I am making a mistake, and help me fix it. A loving critic. Someone who cheers me up and makes me laugh after a long day. Someone who, when I have had a terrible day, can provide safe haven just by being in their arms.
My relationship isn't mentioned anywhere on my FB. We don't post anything other than interesting links onto each others walls, and there is rarely if ever conversation.
Ideally every day or two. However that's impractical with my life. I can deal with 2-3 times a week.    I'm 24.
I'm too gregarious for some people apparently    Because I'm comfortable flirting with and asking out men    I'm not insecure enough? That was a weird one
Hi, I'm a woman with perfectly normal genitalia who cannot have those orgasms, pleased to meet you.
No because he's not into it    I used to, though.
I have them everywhere. Pockets of my bags, inside my phone case, my wallet, and a business card holder
Yeah all the time. At least a couple times a day on week days and whenever I'm at events.
I do tell them to fuck off. And they don't stop (which is common)
If they had said that, surely I would have said so in my post. Since I did not, you can easily surmise that it was the lack of insecurity, rather than arrogance. Being cocky and arrogant is not a strange reason for being unattractive, and therefore would be off topic.    They did not. They didn't like women who weren't extremely insecure. I was specifically told that women shouldn't be secure, it's less feminine, and that in order to be attractive I had to be nervous and insecure and let them build me up and base all of my self worth on them. They disliked that I generally was ok with who I was as a human being.
A guy who I've been into and flirting with for a long time
I'm trying to answer but it makes me feel super guilty. I'd be really upset if my bf answered this with qualities of his exes I lack :(    Sorry I'm lame
She probably just knows what she is comfortable with or finds that she is happier when she has guidelines for herself    I've been known to rush into things too quickly in the past, so now I set boundaries for myself in order to prevent that and to keep myself from making mistakes I've made before.
In general no    But I would say it is very similar to the majority of women I know personally/in my life. But then there is a reason I'm here right? So it makes sense that I hang out in a place online that shares a lot of what I and my social group seem to think.
Because my next relationship was *better* than my longer relationship. We communicated better, had more in common, got along better. It felt right in a way my other, longer relationships never did. He was better than any of my exes. So it's easy.
and I assumed this was a random man who approached me on the street or in a bar and badgered me for my number
I'd leave him and be horrified and incredibly angry and feel violated    Edit: how would you feel if she pegged you with the same dildo she used bare in another guys ass?
Some self reflection to figure out what it is I'm doing that is off putting to others and work on it.
Because it's required for my dress code, and because they make me feel good about myself/confident/attractive
I'm not a fan of super short, but I really dislike long hair.
It slowed down for a while due to his diminished sex drive, but it's picking up again.     And the once a week or so sex we do have is amazing
Yup, working at the parliament buildings is my answer too
He's between 5ft6 and 6 ft. Lean muscles. Big butt. Some body hair (I like chest hair and a treasure trail and hairy arms and legs). Facial hair. A thick head of hair, slightly curly. Ethnicity isn't a huge factor as long as I think he's hot. Very strong bone structure. I like sharp cheekbones, high brow bone, strong square jaw. Light eyes, green is ideal. He is average to slightly above average in penis size but not significantly large.
Whoever has the smaller cock goes in my ass    Also   &gt;I am a backdoor sorta fellow so i'd hate to have another get to enjoy my location of choice   makes me think you really really aren't ready to be having threesomes
While I'm totally certain it is the exception and most men aren't like this, in my experience the vast majority of men who have asked me out have taken the rejection badly and either harassed me, or tried to argue with me about why.    But I think it's really contextual and more indicative of the guys who ask out tons of random women or women like myself who cultivate an unapproachable attitude most of the time, rather than the average guys.
I rode competitively because I loved the sport.
Where I live, trades guys often make 6 figures
It wasn't though because he would cut me off when they were together. Would break up for a day he would get in touch. And then disappear again.    Didn't feel like a choice for me to say stop contacting me when you are only broken up for 5 hours.
Yup. And then they would fight if she saw my name in his phone or if she found he got in touch with me during their break up    Also we lived a continent apart and I have a long term partner so it's not like he would be cheating on her with me.
Netflix and weed
I love them. I've always thought long shorts look dumb
Like a billion times a day.    He does the same     I like it.
Even when I'm at my ideal weight I wear them because dresses sit better with them on
Better fitting, higher waisted pants    Also thongs now tend to be significantly lower waisted than when I first started wearing them. They sit well below my hips instead of up on them.
Ok I thought she just accidentally passed gas and you started reaming her out    If you made it clear you weren't comfortable with it and she continued then it's shitty behaviour on her part to ignore your clearly stated needs.
