Not too many beaches here. ;)
I'm trying to make a reasonable decision about this topic, but I can't help wondering how many lobbyists are posting in this thread (and do I trust their statements to help guide my opinion?)
Difficult to get born this way.
To fit into my skinny jeans.
Regularly. Dreams are a time travel mechanism - pay attention to them so you can be adequately prepared. Distinguishing time travel dreams from the soap operas and cartoons is the real challenge.   Edit: how else do you explain deja vu?
I started reading that on a recent south west flight (free to read from their in flight library over wifi). Very interesting book, about to get that from my local library.
Tallahassee
Reply, thanks, I don't do chemistry anymore (obviously, maybe this is why)
100 pennies.  Edit: (USA) but you need to buy them at a place that deals in bulk.
Popcorn, reheat, and hot pocket (because hot pockets are NEVER the right temperature for me)
I didn't recognize your number.  Next time let me know who you are (especially if you have a new phone that won't be in my contacts)
I could be motivated to stop saying that. Tell you what ... on my next one I won't say it. I could even be motivated to edit this one out.
2:30 am telephone call, from Hillary Clinton, a campaign call 4 years ago, which was sped up so that it wouldn't take a long.  She sounded almost like Minnie Mouse. But a phone call at that time of day - the mind always thinks the worst news.
She stepped on a crack.  Edit: Yes, I do realize there is a slope  there causing her ankle to turn.
That brings tears to my eyes.
Our avian vet told us if our birds ever do that to get them to her asap so she can give a shot of calcium supplements. Apparently most bird diets (we do mostly pellets) are not high enough and it could lead to complications.
Oh, I know. Lots of great communities near there that are more affordable. No way I'd consider buying a house in Boulder. The weather and outdoor activities there are amazing (even in winter).
Yeah, take your elephant for a walk around the neighborhood, and push a wheelbarrow and carry a shovel to clean up.  No thanks.  You know that sometimes they through poop with their trunks, right? I ain't cleaning up after a pet like that, or load it up in the car to take it to the vet, to be neutered or for shots. And no way to go on vacation, because who can you get to care for your friend while you're out?  Cute idea, but not for me. I'm sure my wife would be first in line to get one though.
K  Edit: I didn't see the "r" in your name until after I posted (morning eyes)
I believe you can get 20-25 mbps from centurylink througn nettally. They are great to deal with. Don't expect much of an upload speed from DSL though, but perhaps you won't need that. Not many choices here.  I used nettally for 15 years.  Happy happy happy. Switched to comcast last month. Already had 6 outages and have talked to staff more times than I talked to nettally in 5 years time.
... and I often get my apostrophes correct too!
As a Canadian, I'm sorry for the excessive apologies in this thread.
That's great, my birds don't let me put hats on them. Not even with MS Paint.
In a teenage son's special sock.
Me either, the strings are too close together for my fat fingers.
Don't ruin my memory of this - I'm definitely not going back.
LOL. Being in IT I know what that sub is all about, and quite enjoy it, but would never mention the name to a non redditor.
I like the way your clothes hang from your shoulders.   Edit: I see the shadow of your head, you have really broad shoulders.
Hillary didn't win it either.   Edit: she old, but not that old
We ARE taking about Alaska. This isn't out of the ordinary for places that far north. Where I grew up schools were still open at 40 below, your bus not be running that day, but school was open.
Shirt, sweater, good coat, hat, gloves.  Edit: pants of some sort, definitely need to wear them. Jeans are usually just fine, long underwear if it's early in the season and aren't used to the cold yet (or you have on your skinny jeans)
BUC-EE's!!!! I have heard so much but not been to Texas to enjoy yet.
I came here to say that quote. It is so true and I've seen it time and time again. Managers should be getting rid of the people who under perform, but guess what ... that means more work for the manager (to get rid of someone).
Awesome.  For me this is still urban legend. How can I say "a stranger on the internet had a sister who says it's real"?   But I still upvote you.  :)
Diseases can transmit between birds and humans. Some are fatal to each other.  In addition, there are 2 broad categories of bacteria: gram-positive and gram-negative. Humans typically have immune responses to both g+ &amp; g- bacteria. Most birds (I think except vultures) can only deal with one kind of bacteria (I don't recall if it's g+ or g-, sorry, programmer here, not avian vet). This is one reason why you should never give your bird any food which has been in your mouth.  You can protect her by washing before handling her. Also, moisturize. Cracks in our skin can harbor bacteria and present opportunities to infect.
Upvoted because you're in Dallas and spell color (American spelling) with a "u."
Can you tell me what is so itchy in my left ear?  Edit: Like, if it's a bug then tell me and we'll go to the doctor, but if it's wax tell me where to twist the q-tip so I stop jamming your head in there.
I can't tell if they're dangling or if this is just a civilians attempt at attention.  Edit: and by "civilian" I mean someone who's not been trained by the military. I recognize that the commander in chief might not be civilian.
Sorry, as a mathematician and programmer I live in parentheses.
It's okay because I wear a bandana on my bald head.
Yes. I've seen an attendant get raked over the coals by a customer who couldn't manage the gas pump by himself. Some people suck.
Please explain why. Have a RC cruise there in a few months and looking for something worthwhile to do. Done Dunns River Falls and Ocho Rios, and a day on the beach at a resort.   What makes this place your favorite?  (I'm currently not too excited about this port).
He's so cute. I just want to swing him by his little tail and see how far I can chuck him.
Ha, that's what you think, daily I run these stairs.
No, you didn't miss anything. My phone decided to spell check "Gaunches" and made it haunches. _I_ missed that.
What you see here are the two temperatures of my shower.
We would go from either a hand or dowel rod directly to the scale and they got used to it.  I've also seen people whose scales had a built in perch, or a perch attachment.
Thanks for reminding me that I'm a glorified slave.
I've never had an actor escort me to one of his own movies.
Last week we were on starboard side, 8th floor, forward, loved the balcony, was quiet.  Look for rooms not near rooms that adjoin others (could be a sign of parents with kids), and rooms away from main walkways/stairs/elevators (can have late or early traffic that could be noisy).
