That's why I'm not logging in until after 2 P.M.
Mine was pretty random. I just wanted something funny, and the first two words that popped into my head were Suplex and Lemon.  Suplex probably came from a rant a buddy of mine had about 50 Shades of Gray. As I remember, "If someone were to suddenly try choking me in bed, I would suplex the fuck out of them out of instinct." Or something like that.  I am not a wresting fan, contrary to popular belief.
Yeah... that's pretty ridiculous. Are watermelons stereotypical for anyone other than black people? Heck, as a black guy, I never really understood that myself.
I have watermelon in my fridge right now! I mean, really, it's a good snack! Should I make fun of someone for liking bananas?
She wore an itsy, bity, teenie, weenie, **blurple** polka-dot bikini that she work for the first time today..  And yes, my RES tag for you is now Blurple!
Thank you! Normally, it's not too bad when you can see it coming. But I sort of just got fucked by nature. She who screws us all.
The blocked nose is the worst. I want to record, but my nose just won't let me!   I hope you feel better soon ❤
Well, all you need is another head for that! :D And yes, the self-motorboating is the pillar upon which our friendship was founded. &lt;3
Well, once I feel better, let's get sick. ;P
You know, I STILL need to make that audio. I have the idea and everything, just need to put it on paper.
Actually, I'm the one who gets stolen by them. You'll see, eventually.
True, but first one I've finished, and rather was after coming back on a year long hiatus. Didn't even have 12.2 open, so I don't know how the heck I've been pulling of grinding CP. But I never skipped with gold, so there's pretty great.  Also, at least it had a group boss. Looking forward to this one!
Mmmm... That certainly sounds delicious. Sadly, I don't think I can get that "something special" over here. Save some for me sometime, okay?
Thanks, Claire! I hope you're doing well!
Thanks, muffin! I'll be fine, I'm sure.
That is one hell of a care package! I'm glad I could make you laugh. x).   How are you feeling, darling? I'm glad you're okay!
You and me both, buddy.
I'm gonna take down this post, since your other verification post went well, okay? :)
Sounds good to me. What are you up to tonight? I'm fighting off a cold here. :|
Good luck! While I'm not one of the lucky ones here, I'm definitely interested in seeing how this goes, since it's in my area and all.
&gt; Most people guess Boston  Funny, I'm actually from Boston, yet no one ever guesses that for me. :P
Apologies if the recording is a bit weird. I tried to edit out voices in the background, so damn my lack of privacy! I had planned to make this longer, but I'll just have to save that for another night.  Besides, I might have been playing for a while before I hit record... oops.
It was my pleasure. :P
Why thank you! It's always a pleasure knowing someone is listening. :)
I've considered posting there, haha.  We love your horniness, Seebeee.
I appreciate it! But for now, my jacking will be done in private, or shared with a few people. :p
Booty! Wife! Why are you so naughty?! What did third wheel make you do?
We're gonna have a long, ~~hard~~ conversation about this later, wifey.
It's not very often that I can't take Pest out by the first or second round. And Rulk is such a non-issue these days on defense. Half the time he won't even Bulwark.
You ever get one of those people, or groups of people, who just seem to always be in the way whenever you try to walk by?   I was walkblocked pretty hardcore by some woman the other day. No matter which way I tried to walk around her, she just happened to sway right in front of me. And she definitely didn't know I was there, as she had her headphones in and she was startled when I eventually just dashed past her, but damn, that woman knew how to take up a walkway.
I'd probably find this more exciting if some guy at my high school didn't murder a pizza guy a while back.
Have you had any success there before? I still haven't gotten lucky myself yet. Oh, the woes of having a penis. :P
Blah, I hate when that happens. I actually did get to talking to someone once who was apparently a fan of mine (I post to and mod /r/gonewildaudio, you see), and that went well until I assume she flaked out and stopped replying.  Sounds like those two people had a lot of fun, though. ;P
I had to take a break by the time I got there. I usually like to binge a show all the way through, but I was completely burned out by the time I started season 3. There are some good moments there, though.  Maybe you'll feel like finishing it sometime, but not really a necessity.
Not a lady, but just wanted to say welcome to Boston!
&lt;3  I don't know what I did to deserve these blessings, but I happily accept!
If I hear from her, I'll let her know.
Generally, they're hypnosis audios that are made with the intent to bring the listener to orgasm without letting them touch themselves. This is achieved through vivid imagery and relaxation. Whether or not you can achieve is HFO varies by individual, but even if you use your hands, it's still very nice.  Personally, I'd love to record one if I had a script. Not enough male hypnosis around here.
I actually just downloaded all of *Alias* a little while ago, in preparation for the upcoming Jessica Jones series.
&gt; It goes the opposite way as well; if you weren't a great student in HS and never got involved in school activities, you can totally change that in college.  This is a huge relief to hear for someone like me. I slacked off big-time in HS due to depression (I had, and still do, have a lot of shit going on at home), so I really messed up pretty much everything there. So it's good to know that I can still change that.  Of course, I'm currently still beyond freaked out about money and have no idea what to do with myself, but hey, baby steps.
Not necessarily true. There are quite a few women on the various GW subs who are open with their significant others about it. Some even post with them, or encourage them to keep posting.  It definitely varies from couple to couple, though. I mod GWA, and I have no idea how I'll bring that up in my next relationship.
I'm happy to volunteer If needed.
It's a pleasure to meet you too! &lt;3
It's definitely something I need to do. At the very least, I never tested badly. Except maybe in calculus. Though in my defense, I really did have an awful calculus teacher, and pretty much every other teacher agreed on that.
Hello, Mr. ThisIsABadPlan.  (Did you ever get my lines for that collab you were planning? I sent them about a week ago, I think).
I don't really know personally. One of the other mods might know a better sub for it, but I can't say for sure myself.
Thanks! I'll let you know! Nothing is concrete yet. :D
Helena! I do very much love hearing your moans. &lt;3
The chances of that happening are incredibly low, especially if someone isn't specifically listening for it. Not to mention that a lot of people sound alike, and most everyone tends to be listening to music or on the phone or something.  I tend to speak differently than I do outside of my audios as well, of course. The few friends that I've actually shown my stuff to usually don't even recognize that I'm the one talking, haha.
I can do an impression of Morgan Freeman. I sound, therefore I am.
