Yeah, I'm usually a little closer to 7-6:30, but when you mix in the commute, it's 6-7:30. I think it's adorable when people bitch about the "9-5 grind". Usually it's kids who have never had a real job.
Yep, they take their time, but totally worth it. I also have this exact model, in the weathered version, with the blue blade. [So dope.](http://i.imgur.com/q48LQfq.jpg)
His shit is delightful. I have the "Be Still!" print framed on my wall, it's so good.  edit: a quick perusal tells me it may not be available any more. [Here](http://shirtoid.com/37034/till-luke-said-be-still-and-tamed-them-with-the-old-mind-trick/) is a t-shirt version.
I may. I'm currently working on a [Gray Jedi](http://imgur.com/a/ub5KQ) costume for halloween.
Personally, I only downvoted him because he was crying about downvotes.
Your got me, I was typing quickly. As your can see by the first word in my post, I clearly am an idiot who should be called out. Your have done a great service to all of us today.
I don't know either of you, I just didn't see how it warranted 2 separate posts. But downvote away, I don't mind.
Don't forget being able to buy a house on a 9-5 job that you got with no degree.
Torn mcl, which means no lateral movement, which was so much of his game.
Remember that time he was running with the ball up the right sideline, sees a guy coming up at an angle behind him, and literally turned around to hit the guy before continuing on?    One of the funniest things I've ever seen.
I remember a stretch where was picking up 3-4 TDs a game. Just sick.
I'm clicking through that album, thinking "I hope the top comment is a gif of this", and I still wasted all that time anyway.
I will absolutely pay [these guys](http://www.mtv.com/crop-images/2013/08/19/LAGuns_cr_Paul%20Natkin_1990.jpg) for my internet service.
I'm an idiot, don't mind me.
Thought I covered that with my "I'm an idiot" comment, but thanks for chiming in.
As far as restaurants and such, it depends on where you live. I'm downtown, and between where I live and Nob Hill, it's almost all Mom &amp; Pop/Independent places.
Thanks, I like to bring it out for guests from time to time.
We charged the customer what we paid the dealership for the cost to replace and reprogram the key, which was usually in the neighborhood of $400. But this was about 7 years ago, so I don't know what they charge now.
My company made $0 on lost keys, we charged cost. But even recovering that from some renters was like pulling teeth.
I told my buddies that I'll go into free agency. Everyone gets equal time to try to sell me on their team. If anyone can persuade me, they get me on their bandwagon.    Two of my best friends are Donk and Cowboy fans. I told them they're not automatically DQ'd, but they're certainly starting out at a disadvantage.
Not in front of my friends, dad.
I have a buddy with the same name as me. Our greetings slowly evolved into:  I nod, "Doctor".  He nods back, "Doctor".
Yeah, I'm planning on buying a house in the next couple of years, and I'm installing several dropcams as soon as I do. They're too cheap not to use.
A lot of houses in my area do not have driveways.
Mine took an extra 3 weeks or so on top of the estimate, but once it arrived, it was well worth it.
That's kind of what I'm getting at. There's got to be a middle ground, right? When you kill someone, you take away all of that.    There are absolutely situations where I'd put a bullet in someone, I'm just trying to have the conversation about where we draw that line.
I don't live in SD any more, but for me it mostly boils down to the fact that I can't bring myself to root for an LA team.
I just subscribed the other day, it's interesting to me.
I'm old, I don't know what the kids have been up to for quite a while.
"I bought a full-size Sherman tank, it's not my fault there aren't spaces big enough for it!"
Care to elaborate? The only Bethesda title I've preordered and played at launch was Skyrim, and I had zero issues.
&gt;Just don't bitch     I have not, and will continue not to. That doesn't stop people like you from jumping on every comment saying "you'll be back bitching if the game is broken."     No, I won't. You will, though.
I feel like she takes my abuse in stride. I make sure to thank her a lot too, so maybe that helps.
I've been shaving my head with a razor for years and have never had that happen, that sounds pretty shitty.
Also, I feel like down the line, it'll be total gay street cred to have June 26th as your anniversary date.
As a straight SINGLE guy, I especially can't wait.
HBO Now is available on Sling TV, via Roku. I've been using it for months now.  http://www.cnet.com/how-to/watch-hbo-now-on-android-and-roku-right-now/
If I didn't have Internet access, I would promptly be fired from my job. Period.
I told them not to, but I can't guarantee their instincts won't kick in.
*lawyer.    I'm definitely a loser.
I'm standing here, with my DORK in my hand!
You're leaving out the part where they IR'd him against his wishes, then told him there was no room on the plane to the final game in Denver for IR players.    The next day he was sprinting in front of the media in practice.
Unless they stay in SD with a new stadium that the Chargers pay for, I think I'm be done. I don't think I can forgive the organization for anything that's gone down recently.    Maybe I'll be a Browns fan. That Billy Football guy sounds pretty fun.
Nobody else will EVER understand this. They'll just trash our fanbase when they see opposing fans in our seats.
Have you ever driven from SD to LA? In the 3-5 hours it takes to make the drive, you don't drive through a single block of undeveloped land.
I'm out. I might not stick around even if we stay in SD. I can't support a piece of shit owner who fucks over his players, fanbase, and city any chance he gets.     Dean Spanos can go fuck himself.
I don't live in SD either, but the Chargers will be dead to me if they move. I'm not rooting for an LA team.
&gt; Even if the Chargers were to stay, I really don't know if I even want to support them. They filed for relocation. That part is done. Whether they stay or go now, they wanted to go. That's kinda what matters.  This is where I'm at. I might be done with this team no matter what, and that's a real fucking bummer.
It's worked on me.
I just wanted to know. Now it's more wait and see bullshittery. I don't know what to do.
