[Here's](http://youtu.be/st4ghssHopY) my one and only gameplay on Gephyrophobia if you wanna take a look to see how a match goes. I've only gotten the opportunity to play it once and I made it count lol. Make sure you go for the sniper. You'll land the most kills :)
How do you do it?! Are you spring jumping? I tried in custom Games and wasn't getting particularly close at landing it :/
"It measures about 13 inches long"  No way! Me too :D
[Here's](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64o3xi4_peE) my own Point of View from what transpired! It's a glitch that's happened to me before when you get hijacked off of the ghost and press a bunch of buttons. The game doesn't let you shoot, melee, or throw grenades. Weird stuff!
It's happened to me on Stonetown twice!
Halo 3 is a joke in the FoV department. Halo CE split screen on the MCC is beautiful and makes me jizz every time. You can see everything.
because it was a gimmick and the coolness factor wore off over time. however, i still like to pretend im james bond with dualie magnums in halo 2/3
This is pretty common. It happens to me all the time. Just remember to keep shooting
if only everyone else had better aim on the last guy, I would have finish him earlier!
Idk. I was on the other side of a bad spawn that a guy on the blue team had to get the drop on us earlier in the match. The game was repaying the favor. This isn't a great team slayer map in my opinion. It's very open with quite a few long lines of site. Tricks the game into thinking "there's nobody here! Here is your spawn good sir!"
Iraq
They have the same moves as the character they were modded from (Chief = Abel, Samus = C. Viper). I think you can mod it to whichever character you want. I don't know how to mod anything though, sorry.
I was on the treadmill watching the game thinking "dang....I'm getting tired"
Yeah we found a match pretty fast
Yeah It is down for me right now 2:41 AM 6.12.2015 in California. I really want to play some Rumble Pit on Halo MCC :(
Several hundred??? I would have given up after like 30. Luckily I got that in like 20 tries.
I honestly just kept trying until I got it. I watched a few YouTube videos first and tried to replicate that and luckily it worked out.
Hi I am interested. I'm online right now. GT: Xalpha23
Hey I am down. Please add xalpha23 and aidanrich98 on Xbox one. We both just played a few private matches today on Xbox one. it was a ton of fun.
He could just be in party chat all the time like me
I'm preparing him for life, Rachel. Our son means the world to me. He is also weirdly mature for a 16 year-old.
The #teamlightskin family just got a little bigger
Forgot to mention guys, I'm Jordan clarkson
Yes it has improved but the bad news is my Scuf controller is starting to act up and I am having some vertical drift on both thumbsticks. I do not recommend you buy one.
Hey my Scuf controller has upward Thumbstick drift (my character starts walking forward and looking up eventually even when I don't touch the ticks). Do you think I could send my controller to you and you could fix it? Are you in the U.S.?
Unbelievable track. I've been a huge jamiroquai fan for a while
In the 80s defense was an afterthought just ask my favorite player Magic Johnson
Me and Deron Williams because we both have nice beards
You live in NY....dude had no choice
Clearly I was referring to Rick fox
Yeah nice "skinny" pic in the beginning dude. You were pretty much almost average/lean. Looking aesthetic though. I need to start counting my calories!
I was 6'2" 168 lbs and was the guy on the right. OPs genes are great. Not even close to sickly
No dark matter is awesome I only use that :-)
Hey how do I make sure this glitch doesn't happen to me? I play split screen with my cousin all the time and I'm paranoid about losing my master prestige / dark matter
Go play MW3 then and get shot in the back on maps like downturn, arkaden, seatown, and lockdown; no one is stopping you. I have 20 days played on MW3 trust me the layouts were worse if you don't like dying.
Yeah I distinctly remember camping that spot aiming at the spot where a guy's head would be when he spawned. Made 10-15 head shots per HC FFA possible :-)
My stream is still working. Idk which website it is. I don't want to touch it. I'm watching it on PC while redditinng on my smartphone
I agree with you completely. I (male) was 6'2"/168 lbs skinny fat. I would lift around an hour everyday but neglected cardio thinking I was well on my way to being super buff.    Listening to these guys on YouTube to eat more meals just made me fatter and my love handles kept ballooning even though I was building muscle as well. My arms looked way too twiggy compared to my body. You couldn't see my muscles too well and my waist kept growing.   After reaching 208 lbs with a fat face and waistline, i realized I was eating way too much. I decided to stop eating fucking Chipotle everyday, cut out egg yolks, and (gulp) eat a salad once a day so I wouldn't go over my TDEE.   After lifting seriously for 1.5 years I am 186 and started my real cutting a month ago. I am doing about an hour of lifting and doing an hour on the treadmill daily to reach 178 lbs by April.   I have to say that Being skinny fat is definitely the worst to be honest,  since I didn't know what to believe. I still have never had a six-pack in my entire life, but I can tell I'm getting closer. You have to tread a fine line
I have a pic of me right now but none when I started unfortunately. I now take a shirtless pic every week or every 2 weeks for the past 2 months. I will make my own post on here once I reach my goal (for this year).
It was me
Gordon Hayward the GOAT white.  P.S. Larry's not white, Larry's clear
The doctors say she died on impact
I like learning what can I say
Omg I can't breathe
It's tragic what happened to his father
I appreciate not having to pull the trigger after every burst so I go with the XR-2 with rapid fire.
I did it on Veteran and just will never forget how comically impossible and relentless it was, and how unhelpful Reznov was haha
I have the game but I never play it....and I only played one gametype anyway: Cranked (so much fun!)
Hey, do you know where the AMCAS Transcript ID# is listed? I can't seem to find mine.
Maybe March was an exaggeration, but by the April 21st patch the game went pretty smooth. For me at least.
