As a dual citizen, America is so much fatter but then again most of the time Im in some redneck part of upstate NY, Florida and Kentucky
Here I was thinking I was unique...
Also first time its happened in 37 years. Also as for your first comment, horse racing is very popular among the Southern upper middle class +. Most of family members throw big parties for the Kentucky derby specifically which is probably the bigger of the big 3 races. My immediate family has brought and continued the tradition in Canada and its picked up steam among family friends and residents in my city
Its become tradition for me and my dad to by every starting Bills qb for years now. I got Losman, Edwards, Fitz, and a Manuel one. Id like to get an Orton one at some point too
I love Rajai. Its a shame hes been playing second fiddle to other players these past couple of years because he absolutely has the value to start at center.
You're absolutely right. As a golf fan I take that back. Golf easily has the best camera work
I love the changes theyve made to /r/Torontobluejays lately. The Giants pic is an odd edition to the sidebar tho
Hitting the toilet seat makes me feel violated and grossed out
Alabama. Thats all that needs to be said
Rex effect is real but I give most the credit to the Pegula's. Their branding as well as their belief and commitment for the Bills and Buffalo as a city reinstalled my faith in the team
I was going to say this trade as well. Vasquez and Patterson have been amazing for us and have been key players on giving us one of the best benches in the league. Rudy Gay was also not a fit here and moving him gave us cap space.
Back in the days of scrappy gym rats
Im not a fan of Dickey the player but Dickey the person is a great guy. Id blame management for trading for an aging knuckleballer in a homerun park
I wish I got gold on my post :(
Might be homer but I dont think I really am but our offense is this good and EE's even been playing bad. As for our pitching it is this bad but isnt because Stroman is out for the season
Im a fan of a lot of teams that fail to take that next step and the Jays are so close. I just want AA to pull the trigger and end the mediocrity. We have a lot of amazing players locked down for a couple more years of solid production. We have good young arms in Osuna, Sanchez, Hutch and Stroman. We have have youth mixed in with the older guys in Travis and Pillar. And our $$$ has been managed beautifully to where we have tons freed up for the offseason. I dont want to miss our opportunity while we have the chance right now. We can start a powerhouse at the trade deadline and still be set for the future even if we trade our top prospects.
Freddy Jackson   In terms of favorite on field players probably Watt and Lynch
http://ibackpackcanada.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/Saskatchewan-Prairie-Fields-1.jpg  This for miles and miles and miles and more miles. Then in the winter it becomes almost inhabitable because of the cold. That place will mentally fuck you up
Because it works. I swear by it after it helped myself and my mom. As the post below me says dont knock it til you try it
Im sure black people get pissed when people do the hair touching but to white people your hair is so damn interesting. Im guilty as charged in this offense. I realized how stupid it was but as a teen I totally did this once or twice to a black friend. Apologies
Totally not normal. I didnt notice til you said it but ya, WTF?
To add onto the comment below, Bosh wasnt even healthy. He was experiencing the clotting problems up to a month before he got it checked out. He said in an interview somewhere it bothered and affected him that long before he got it diagnosed
Theres Vanilla Coke in Canada. Where do you live?
Im a Bills fan so Ill fill you in. He only controlled the offense which was one of the worst in the nfl. Our top 3 defense, led soley under Jim Schwartz, carried us to 9-7. Marrone couldnt do jack shit with the offense and after he quit on the team there were many reports (which would make sense just by seeing his interviews) that the players hated him.
When I was a teen I was throwing a football around with some tailgaters and an errant throw almost knocked my dads face into the portable grill. He was bent down closer to the grill because we forgot to bring tongs down so he was flipping sausages and burgers with a sand wedge and golf tees which is dangerous to begin with
Anything at a Bills tailgate is a ridiculous mental image. I had a snowball fight with like 15 people this past game's tailgate. There was an equal number of us split on either side of a fence between the 2 tailgates. I was caught in no mans land because I thought the coast was clear to run up and chuck a big mound of snow over the fence then suddenly they sprung up a barrage of snow balls. It felt like that one scene in 300 with an arrow storm that was so dense it blocked the sun. Although this is Buffalo so the sun was already blocked and I didnt have a Spartan shield and got absolutely demolished from above while drunkenly stumbling backwards
He was one of Tyrod's main receivers at VT. They played together for 3 years. I like this move
Can I get prescription weed for watching this shit show?
Dont ask me come April
The Harvin signing was good. He won us some games before he got hurt. He was electric for us. Plus its not like it hurt us too bad. His contract isnt guaranteed after this season
Hacking a dart, eh bud!   Pause is not lying, we call cigs darts. Hacking a dart is the act of smoking one
I hope he gets a 30 minute standing O when he comes back. I legit cried when he went to Boston
He had some sort engineering job at Microsoft so I think he is actually an engineer
I was an Upper Bowl peasant. I thought of posting the same thing too lol
I used to live right across from the D. I love Motor City
It was very brief. I got the hell out of there after my first semester at the U of W
I need to get tix. What a man
I love Terry Francona low key
That was my biggest concern. Changing all sorts of things in the middle of the season, stuff that takes months to iron out in the off season/pre-season, just doesnt sound like a winning formula. Fred Smoot, former Redskin, said in his AMA coaching turnover is one of the hardest things to deal with. Its stuff that hurts franchises as Im sure you guys can tell being Browns fans and I certainly can attest to being a Bills fan
I love the Broncos and Denver this is great
Noah. I should hate him but he plays exactly how I played/play. Lots of shit talking and being an absolute annoying turd to opponents
Every Raptor fan retweeted that guy. Why are Cavs fans acting like it was a bunch of random people responsible for those votes. I voted like everyday as well as retweeted him as I assume everyone in Toronto did as well
Im with you bro. I just think reddit's extreme hatred with reaction videos hit a head when one Reddit user took their idea of a community reaction channel and turned it into an *evil jewish takeover conspiracy*
I wish 3 million was a negligible pay cut for me
Im not from NYC but I found what the guy said was happening to Harlem to be very reminiscent of what happened to Brooklyn like word for word. Hipsters took it over and sky rocketed prices and pretty much kicked out the people that originally lived there
Depression   Drinking  Crying
Its a Monty Python reference anyways. I found it funny
Lindsay is in charge of the day to day stuff but Geoff is still the man in charge. These big changes are under the direction of Geoff
Very appropriate flair. Citizen's Bank park was one of my favourite stadiums Ive been to because a lot of the concessions especially in the outfield, have sight lines to the field. You can grab bbq and walk to the counters that line the rear seating
Air Canada is my hope as well. Couldnt care less for the airline but their logo is nice
