Got married. Bought a house. Expecting first born next month. Best year of my life.
I used to eat a bologna sandwich with American cheese and miracle whip on white bread almost everyday as a kid. I only recently started eating mayo again after a fifteen year break. Still don't eat bologna, American cheese or white bread and I doubt I will ever again.
I wish I had done some more research before buying this game. Nothing wrong with the game at all, but I have satellite internet and a data cap that throttles to dial up speed after reaching the cap. As it stands, if I play an hour of online I will eat up an entire gigabyte of data. Luckily I have unlimited use during 12a to 5a. But I also work 9 to 5. So at best if I want to cut into my sleep I can get in an hour after midnight without using up data. This game is awesome, but I'm already seeing the effects of owning the game without full online capabilities as an option. Years down the line when the servers are done, I won't be putting this game in to play single player mode.
Yeah. It's even worse because I've had unlimited high speed internet for as long as it's been widely available. I bought a house out in the forest which is awesome, but I won't be getting internet here probably ever. Satellite is the only way to go. Now I have to really decide if I want to watch a YouTube video which is something that I've never really had to do before.
I remember forgetting to leave my backpack in my locker after my school began enforcing a no backpack in the classroom policy to prevent shootings. Class was stopped once my government teacher noticed I had my backpack with me and he asked me to remove my backpack from the classroom. I don't know why he thought that would have prevented me from using a gun if I had one.
Hopefully. Can't wait to play Mario Kart 16 online without a data cap.  I live in the country.
Yeah that had me wondering if I would like that too. Vampire Weekend pulled that off with Diane Young, but it's still kind of weird.
As someone who has been checking this sub at least every hour for the past two weeks, please don't title your posts with "finally" in all caps.
Yeah but the Wii U is actually good though. I had a friend that's never owned a Nintendo system other than handhelds visit the other weekend and we played MK8, Splatoon and DKTF. He kept telling me "man I need a WiiU, but I'll probably just wait for Xenoblade" all weekend. I didn't think much of it until a few hours after he left he texted me a picture of a Splatoon bundle with MK8. I don't know if there is any other console that has that kind of power. To instill that much of an impression that warrants an impulse buy.  Definitely not the same as Sonic's bullshit.
One of my best friends growing up became an alcoholic at some point. His wife blames his alcoholism on everyone but him. Right after his wedding, and a year before mine, he got pulled over for a DUI after leaving a going away party for myself and my significant other, she called us the next morning bitching us out because he was in jail and we should have stopped him from leaving (I had no idea that he left). She contacted all of his friends that were there and told us how horrible of people we were. Fast forward a year later and he's in my wedding. We invite his new family to our wedding, but only he shows up after the rest of them RSVP that they are attending (which is super awesome considering how compliant I was when I was apart of their wedding). He gets completely wasted and had to work at six in the morning the next day. He eventually wanders off, is nowhere to be found and has a dead cell phone. His wife calls our hotel room on our wedding night and is bitching at us because she can't find her husband.   We don't talk much anymore.
Not a foolproof analogy. I sell hearing aids for a living, and you wouldn't believe how many people tell me when I ask where they have the most difficulty hearing that they have trouble hearing when people are far away from them.
This happened with my grandma. Met someone on Christian Mingle after my grandpa died, wired thousands to him. My cousin caught wind of it and had to get the rest of the family involved because my grandma wouldn't listen to my cousin when she told her that this person isn't who she thinks he is.  It was kind of sad. This person's profile picture looked a lot like the man in the shopped picture too.
He removed the pencil sharpener from the wall and created a trail of riddles to its location in the room. Our Trig teacher was a very smart guy, but jokes kind of went over his head. The whole class was always sarcastically enthusiastic and he ate it up. Anyway, we're all taking a test and I can't concentrate because our teacher is hilariously walking around the room trying to solve each riddle to find the pencil sharpener. The next day it's back on the wall, and the class clown is making a cardboard shield around the pencil sharpener so it won't happen again.   Then sometime after deer piss was poured into the AC vent so an entire wing of the school smelled of piss.
It all depends on how much you like the game. I love Zelda, and TP. I also have NSMB Wii, but would I buy an HD update of this game? No.
I frequently use Rotten Tomatoes critic score to determine whether or not I'm going to spend money to see a movie in theaters, and after seeing the trailer for this movie, I scoffed at it and wondered how bad of a score a reboot of an action movie would have. I fully expected anywhere between 20-40%, but when I saw 98% for the critic score I was completely dumbfounded. Then I saw the movie, and as a person that is not an action movie guy, it was easily one of the best movies I had seen in a long time.
I have been spelling suede as swayed for 27 years.
I would argue that MP3 is just as linear as Other M. The action puts Other M above MP3 in my opinion. The story is bad in Other M, and the parts where you have to spend 10 minutes trying to find the point of interest in the first person perspective are awful, but other than that, I find Other M to be an enjoyable experience. I've beaten the game twice.  I have attempted to beat Hunters twice. One time when it came out in 2005(2006?) and I gave it another try in 2012 when I assumed I wasn't giving it a chance back then. Nope. I pushed through about an hour past the part where I gave up years back, but succumbed to the utterly boring game and quit again.
Even better when that online code has an expiration date. I bought a book with an online access code that was required, but I had to drop the class due to a scheduling conflict and I signed up for the class the following semester. I already activated the code before I dropped the class. Two weeks before I was finished with the course the following semester, my access expired. I couldn't do anymore homework. I called the textbook company and explained the situation. Their answer? I have to buy the 400 dollar book with access code all over again to finish the last two weeks. I can't even describe how angry I was. I unloaded on the customer service representative. I know it's not their fault but I couldn't help it. Luckily I noticed that the website offers a free two week trial. I ended up having to sign up for the free trial to finish the course. So fucking stupid.
Same here. I played Blue and Gold when they came out. Started to realize how boring they were, then moved onto other RPGs. I decided to give it a try again when X came out. I had to force myself to finish the main story but I found it incredibly boring. Not for me.
I think it is. I started listening to Tame Impala right after Lonerism came out, and I definitely thought that the album was the band at their peak. I didn't think there was any possible way to top that album. When Currents came out, I initially thought the album was much weaker than the first two. After listening to Currents for this past year and thinking objectively about how they stack up, I have to move Currents to the top. The album is just unreal. If Lonerism swapped Suns Coming Up with Led Zeppelin, I think it might be a different story. I personally think Suns Coming Up should have been a b-side and Nothing That Has Happened should have been the last track on the album.
I'd say Salad Days is the most accessible and the best starting point. I would go from Salad Days, then 2, then Another One, then Rock and Roll Night Club (as a big fan of the first three, I cannot seem to get into this one at all).
Same. My dad happens to be a Methodist pastor though, so it's basically his entire life and it's really uncomfortable anytime the subject comes up because it's hard for me to fake my interest. We live pretty far away from my parents though so my family can avoid the situation for the most part. My daughter is turning one next month though, and they have got to be wondering why we haven't planned a baptism yet.
I had 100-150 or so at one point. Basically the N64/GameCube era if I recall. Really wish I held onto them.
Rural voter here. I voted for Clinton.
Hopefully. I've been doing it for 3 years after smoking for 8. I want to quit doing this pretty soon too. I'll have a cig maybe once every six months, and every time I have one I realize I like vaping better. However I don't whip it out in public because I feel like a turd.
I can definitely see that as a possibility. My last (and first) record store day experience was terrible. Got there 2 hours early and was 6th in line. I thought there would be a nice line formed for people to sift through the bins when the doors opened. Nope. It was a damn free for all and I was shoved to the back and missed out on what I came for. They really should let people in one at a time and give them two minutes to find what they're looking for before letting the next person in. I'll probably just stay home and try to find a decent price online.
My grandma.   After my grandfather passed she met a charming fellow on Christian Mingle who was overseas doing charity work for the lord. She wired him thousands of dollars before my family put a stop to it. Her Facebook always gets "hacked" quite often. Trump supporter.
Yep. I went to college right out of high school for about a year. I wanted to go for music because I was a dumb idiot at 18-19 who played in local bands. I was so fucking stupid then.  Good thing my lack of ambition won so I didn't waste even more time actually following through with that. Went back to school when I was 24 after I did some growing up and I'm about to graduate this spring with a bachelors in HRM. My last semester starts today.
I also watched Jimmy Fallon last Friday.
That's reasonable. I would be crucified around here if I shared my least favorite Tame Impala song.
I...uh...  Apocalypse Dreams.   With that being said, I love all TI songs, and by no means dislike Apocalypse Dreams, but it is my least favorite.
Hey...I liked Star Fox Zero. A lot.
I'm really worried too. Mainly about the right analog stick being directly below ABXY. I feel like it's either going to be uncomfortable to use the stick, or that the bottom of my thumb is going to move the stick when I'm pressing ABXY.
I have. Got it day one way back in 97. I think Zero is the best one in the series that I've played so far. I have yet to play Star Fox Assault.
As a huge fan of the original trilogy, Returns and Tropical Freeze blow them out of the water. No contest. That's just my opinion though. I also thought Other M was a pretty good game though.
I remember my first finance class.
You're not wrong. My son is due to be born that day too. Kind of crazy because my daughter was born on the same day Currents was released.
I have a slightly on topic story I want to tell. One of my friends, a bigger guy and a guy who loves to smash a frozen pizza all to himself, was drunk at his friends house and decided to make a pizza when everyone was passed out. He didn't want to wake up anyone by preheating the oven and sounding the timer so he decided to thaw out the pizza while he watched a movie by putting the frozen pizza under his shirt. After about twenty minutes of watching Gone in 60 Seconds, he fell asleep. The next morning, he was the last to wake up and he didn't exactly ask the host if he could raid the fridge last night so he has a thawed out stolen pizza under his shirt that he has to somehow get back in the freezer undetected. The next ten minutes or so involved him hopping from seat to seat trying to get closer to the freezer so he could make a run for it and throw it in there. He was successful, but the pizza was deformed and gross.
Wilco is by far my favorite band, but I'd be lying to myself if I didn't feel the same. However I am finding a new appreciation for Wilco The Album and Star Wars, two albums that I didn't like when they first came out, and I now find TWL to be boring which I loved when it came out.   But as a whole, yeah I'm feeling bored. I think it's partly due to the fact that Suekirae, Star Wars and Schmilco all seem like they were cut from the same cloth. I think Star Wars and Schmilco should've also been a double album.
^28 years old, probably.
I knew he was a gay atheist Kenyan mueller.
I'm 29 and my favorite band is Wilco. You really pegged me there. Doesn't take a genius to know that the song is about that as it's pretty explicit in the lyrics. Doesn't automatically make it a good song either.
You're not wrong. Except it isn't the Currents circle jerk that's irritating, it's the Lonerism circle jerk.   And I do. I haven't listened to Tame Impala in probably 3-4 months or so.
Probably the only reason I haven't seen them yet. I live pretty far away from major cities so I have to make quite the trip to see bands for the most part and TI doesn't really play for that long. Also wish they were all proficient enough to play one or two wild card songs a night.
Is there a fix for the wifi issue?  I remember seeing quite a few posts about this when the Switch came out, but I don't recall a solution. I'm kind of worried because I disconnected from nearly every match in the Splatoon 2 Test Fire as well as the ARMS Test Punch. I figured it was just a stress test so I didn't think much of it. When I bought ARMS I started having the same problem. Nearly impossible to connect to a match, and if I do I punch through other players instead of doing damage.   My internet isn't exactly the greatest but I can play Splatoon on Wii U upstairs and far away from the router with no issues. I'm worried that Splatoon 2 is going to be a waste of money if I disconnect from every match. Has anyone heard of a fix or have anymore info?
Damn. Legitimately jealous that you get to experience them for the first time.
I have the opposite experience. I'm always able to join an online race in MK8D, but I'm lucky if I can get into a match in ARMS, and when I am my punches usually just pass through my opponent.
I never got around to listening to Arcade Fire until the Everything Now single and I loved it. Creature Comfort is also pretty amazing to me too. What would be the best album to start at for a guy who completely missed the boat for all these years?
I love you too...
While that is true, there is also a large difference between driving a car and racing a car.  I’m pretty decent at Mario Kart and I can’t really think of any instance where letting off the gas is needed.
