Yep, exactly. My father immediately turned to me and asked why Jon was able to kill the walker. It's also a good way to link Valyrian Steel with walker killing, because it hasn't really been clear in the show at all that it's anything other than a good metal.
Is it just me or was there a noticeable audio desync this episode? It was affecting my ability to pay attention because everything was off. This was on the broadcast version, not sure if the HBO GO version is any different.
Your reaction was pretty much the same as mine. I didn't really care about the scene being a rape scene, but that it once again shows that Sansa has had literally no character development since Season 1. Something she started to show at the end of Season 4, then randomly abandoned at the start of this Season. In the end, she's the same person and nothing has changed about her.
To be fair, when the game started there were some pretty gawdawful mechanics in place. I stopped playing almost immediately after I hit 60 in vanilla D3 because it just wasn't fun at all. The ridiculous gear grind, the cash equipment shop, the stupidity of Inferno....the list goes on. The core game has always been something that could be successful, they just needed to alter pretty much everything else to get there.
&gt;The last big game will be Zelda, I keep seeing people in denial about this but it is true.  That's implying that the Zelda game will even make it to the Wii U. It might not. There's a reason it was absent from E3 this year.  The new Zelda game might be a twofer, being on both the NX and Wii U...but right now it doesn't look like they plan to release it for the Wii U at all, otherwise we would have seen something this year about it.  Face it...the Wii U is dead already. It's their biggest failure next to the Virtual Boy. The Wii U had a few good titles, and that was it. I can count the good titles on my fingers (Monster Hunter 3U, Mario Kart, Smash, Super Mario 3D World, New Super Mario Bros 2, Pikmin 3, Splatoon, Bayonetta 2, and Xenogears). And not everyone will enjoy every one of those. Those are pretty much the only games I would recommend looking at if you had a Wii U. I regret my Wii U purchase, utterly and completely.
This except it being poison instead...in an attack that I shouldn't have gotten hit by in the first place. Especially if the poison is super poison, where you lose like 20 more health by the time you get up.
In one of my first High Rank runs ever playing MHF2, I died from a Congalala's old run and jump back combo. What he'd do is charge at you, and then the second he hit you, he'd jump back, then charge again. He'd repeat this multiple times. The problem is that when he executes it properly, it's timed perfectly so that you get up and immediately get hit again. If you're not good enough to be able to perfect dodge the charge (which I wasn't at the time, I had just started playing), you'll get comboed multiple times and there's really nothing you can do about it.  So I died from this combo hitting me three times in a row from full health.  I find him after getting back. I shoot him once with a Lv.1 Charge Arrow. He dies. He was literally ONE SHOT from death. Probably at 5 health or lower. It was such a crappy death to me because of how insanely close he was to death.
&gt; Edit: a lot of people are telling me "Don't enter the intersection until you can see a space large enough for your vehicle behind that truck."  Anyone saying that has never driven in that type of traffic or has one of those very high up trucks (probably with those obnoxious looking gigantic tires) where that issue would never happen.  In a normal car, there's unfortunately situations where you just can't realize that you're not going to get through the intersection until you're too far in to stop without blocking traffic. Sometimes the traffic looks like it's flowing acceptably and then all of a sudden, after you're a third of the way into the intersection, every stops dead. Now you're fucked, in the middle of the intersection with absolutely nothing you can do about it.  Also, don't ever forget the asshole who leaves a car length infront of him because he's too lazy to move forward when he knows that he's not getting anywhere by doing so. So, you *could* clear the intersection...if that asshole moved forward just a little bit.
Ex-coworkers used to do this every day. They'd open it with 1 or 2 seconds left, and then leave that number there. So annoying.  The worst part is that when I came into the office I would use the microwave's time to determine what time it was...and I'd always get a bit confused at first because the number made no sense in relation to a time.
It's fun. And by fun I mean hellish.  The job I had last year I had 5 "Project Managers" to tell me what to do. Sometimes I felt like I was a bean ball being tossed between people as they continually told me what to do, sometimes it was conflicting information, too.  Seriously when the admiral has no idea what he's doing and issues seven captains to one ship, the ship sinks, and it sinks hard.
The problem is that the person in charge of my old company had no fucking idea what he was doing, and we only had "Project Managers". And out of 25-30 people, 5 of them were "Project Managers." And none of them wanted to do any actual work because they were "managers".
I don't use RES, and am too lazy to look at the address before I click most of these links. When it's a YouTube video, I just close it instantly. It's essentially the same thing. I don't have the time or care to watch a YT video, even if it's only 5 seconds long.
I've seen this comment multiple times...and from everything I can see, it wouldn't have made it even. Andy had just died. Skuj was in the middle of a boss fight that takes a while to get to. He probably lost several minutes (far more than you'd lose from just resetting, since he had just died).  The only way they could have made that fair was to wait for Skuj to get to the same boss fight before Andy could be allowed to continue. But no one was going to do that, because Andy was clearly the favorite in that run (plus putting everything on pause for a long period of time kinda kills the hype of the run).  I had to go out at the mid-point during this run...now I'm not really interested in finishing it.
&gt; I have met way too many degree and master degree qualified "developers" who are absolutely shit to think degrees work in any way.  Agreed. When I was in school, most of my classmates had no idea what they were doing in the advanced level classes...and then they graduate and get jobs where they're completely winging it and have no real passion for software development (and only went in for the pay). A lot of the people I've worked with in the past had absolutely no idea what they were doing. Their code was shit, hard to read, and unmanageable. Their degree didn't make them good at their job, and I question how much they really learned getting that degree, because they make mistakes I learned to avoid when I was 14 (like naming every variable in the entire program a single letter from the alphabet starting with a).
Except I had given them permission on Day 1. The second they said that there was an issue with my gallbladder I asked if I needed it. They said no. I said take it out. I can't sue them if I gave them permission to do it.  Plus, I had to fight with my insurance company to even get them to pay, because there was no medical reason for me to be in the hospital for 4 days for a gallbladder operation. So much bullshit for a single operation.
Except I've read every lease I've ever signed in full and none of them say, "We're allowed to do whatever the fuck we want and our negligence causing your property to get stolen isn't our problem."  Burden of Proof is on me, of course, but the lease isn't some magic document that means that they can do whatever the hell they want and are absolved of all responsibility.
That's a blanket clause to cover when someone breaks into the place and steals. However, negligence is a completely different ball field and if I can prove negligence then that blanket statement won't save them. When you have the ability to prevent a crime like robbery before it even happens and willingly don't, like by not replacing locks when a new tenant moves in, you're responsible for the result. I would win a lawsuit under these conditions regardless of blanket statements in my lease unless it specifically went over not replacing locks, which no legitimate lease would ever do.
Thank you. It's been years since I saw this scene so I don't remember at all either.
Considering one of the top posts is "Child with smallpox" I noped the fuck out of there.
&gt; I was on IV Dilaudid (synthetic heroin). My boss brought in a laptop (the hospital had wifi) and told me to get work done during my stay. I’m a Controller (Accountant). Trying to run numbers while hopped up is impossible. Douche grade “A”.  The second he wanted you to work while you were in the hospital he no longer had any right to force you to take vacation days. You were no longer off. That's bullshit.  The making you take the vacation in the first place thing is very dickish, but nothing unsurprising considering the amount of time he would be, in theory, losing you for. But once that laptop appeared that shit is out the window.
Frontier is a Subscription game, that's true. However I believe that it's F2P up to HR100 now. Should give an idea of how insanely grindy the game is.  But unless you're speaking from experience, I doubt anyone has gotten banned specifically because they were using a VPN. I played the game for like 3-4 years and was never banned or even had the fear. I've played *multiple* JP MMO's (which are almost all IP blocked, by the way), and have never faced a ban from using VPNs. Is it possible? Sure, technically the game is for residents of Japan only. Will it happen? Almost a 0% chance. If you get banned it will far more likely be because you did something you shouldn't have been doing than because you used a VPN.  The reason why VPNs are not a reason to fear banning is because although the game is only for residents of Japan, there's no reason they should assume that because you're using a VPN it means you're not a resident. They have no way to prove you're not using a VPN for a different reason, and unless it's a very public VPN they can't even tell you're using a VPN without a through investigation that quite frankly isn't worth the time or effort unless you're causing problems (and ultimately means you got banned for a different reason).
In the DS version, I know there's portraits with their faces on it, especially in battle. I don't remember if the hair color changes with that portrait, though.
Third'd the Suikoden suggestion. Suikoden II is one of my favorite games of all time (closely followed by DQV), and the connections between all three games are phenomenally done.
Yeah, you can't expect the writing to be on par 24/7. Even the books aren't perfect. I remember all the complaints two seasons ago about how utterly boring and slow Bran's trip to the Weirwood tree was in the books.
Yeah, agreed completely, and why I seriously don't think she'll die.  But it doesn't change the fact that that scene scared the shit out of me cause I thought she was going to die. And sadly, she still could.
I need to rewatch after this season. I legitimately do not remember that at all.
I love that the Rowd fight is beatable, even if it doesn't change the story. It makes me a little sad that there's a similar fight in Suikoden III, but you can't win instead (the enemies just have infinite health). When I was playing III for the first time, I was stuck on this fight for a while because I was keeping my health up but the enemy would never die. I ended up looking it up and finding out that you have to lose, and was disappointed at the wasted potential.
The majority of the time when I face off against a McCree, if he's already used his Flashbang, I almost always win. Sometimes I hit a good aimer, but most of the time people are unable to keep up with such close range tracking and spam their shots but miss most, which is more than enough time to murder him.
Never said I needed Cryo Freeze to beat McCree, and in fact Cryo Freeze doesn't even remotely assist against McCree unless you can accurately predict when the McCree will use Flashbang because Flashbang's stun prevents usage of Cryo Freeze and McCree should be able to hit every shot of his clip if he's stunned you which will kill a Mei from full health.  &gt; Frankly if you think Mei is as good as McCree close range you haven't been fanned enough. Both characters CDs being up, McRee should cause Mei to run with her wall if not die.  I've had very little issue taking out McCree's in CQ when it's a pure 1v1 with only non-cooldown attacks. Once in a while I lose, I'm not going to lie and say I always win, but my kill rate in this kind of scenario is significantly higher than my death rate. Maybe I've only really played against bad McCree's, it's not impossible. Considering his OP tier status that people give him, it's obvious a lot of people will flock to him regardless of skill level, and that may have an effect on the results. However, I can't really give input on something I can't confirm one way or another, I can only speak of my experience with this pair up.
Don't feel too bad. It was ruined almost immediately by everyone and everywhere. I used to play MapleStory back then. It wasa megaphone'd in the first like hour. A gathering for an event had it spammed non-stop. It was probably the first major thing spoiled by the Internet at such a scale.
It's true. I had some lady flip out on me because I called her Ma'am. She insisted I was implying that she was old by calling her Ma'am. No, bitch, I just don't know your name and wanted to show some respect, something that's become abundantly clear you don't deserve.
It must be. I remember reading one of their posts since I moved, and that was only two months ago.
I had a Skyrim game spiral out of control because of animals being able to report crimes, it's so stupid.  Ran into a couple on a mountain. They were assholes to me. So I killed them, as is typical in Sandbox games like this. Except I forgot to save beforehand, and hadn't saved in some time. I got a 1000 gold bounty because their horse saw it and ran off.   I chased the horse through the woods, and finally took it out...but it was too late. I was close enough to the city that someone saw me kill the horse. Bounty increased...too much to just be able to pay it off. Now every guard in the universe wants me dead. Was a tad upset I couldn't just pay it off at that point.  So I murdered every guard in the city. I got rid of the auto-aggression somehow, I guess everyone who would attack me was dead. I tried paying off the debt to the local Jarl. Only, he'd had enough of my shit. It was either go to jail for years, or fight him. So I tried to kill him. Except he was important, so he couldn't die.  So I tried console commands. Except even with a 0 bounty...they still wanted me to go to jail. Was sad. I didn't want to redo all the stuff since my last legitimate save (was like an hour or so of playtime)...so I just stopped playing the save entirely. What a waste.
The funny thing is that I never really played WoW when it was apparently such a good game. A friend tried to get me to play it a few months back, and it's so dated I don't know how it's still alive. The only thing I can think of is that people are so fueled by nostalgia that they keep playing it even though it's ancient.  It played clunky, there were missing textures (checked my files multiple times), it looked really old, and I had issues getting NPCs to appear to start the first questline (they were literally invisible until after I started it, so I had to guess at where they were based on the bad minimap).  Hell, I play DFO and it feels less dated than WoW does, and DFO is nearly the same age and made by a developer no where near the scale of Blizzard.  That's not to say the games that are often called WoW killers are any better. Their problem is that they are followers. They took the formula of WoW and attempted to "approve upon it". But that's not how you compete. The MMO's I've enjoyed are ones that are their own game. Ragnarok Online, DFO, and Dragon Quest X are all MMO's that are nothing like WoW and that's why they're fun. Games like WildStar, Tera, etc., clearly used WoW as their baseline and worked from there, which is why I never even hit cap in any of those games.
The only thing I really hope for is a fixed UI on PC. Everything else is unnecessary fluff, but that PC UI is total garbage without the SkyUI mod, and modding is a slippery slope for me so I try to avoid it.
As someone who is still at work...what did I miss?  As far as I can tell, it's just been Zelda and then Pokemon for, like, ever? Is that all there was?
I bought a Wii U for Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate. I played it for about 250-300 hours on the Wii U alone. I still feel like it wasn't worth it. The Wii U just doesn't have enough games. Even with this Zelda.
Hey, better than my search. All I got was apparently a car brand? I have no idea.
It's possible a degree can be superseded in the US by experience. But you need ***a lot*** of it. For example, a job that needs 2-3 years of experience with a degree they'll expect you to have at least 10 for the same position. Unless you can really prove yourself worth it, but often you never get that opportunity because you don't get the interview.  You also can't legally get any "Engineer" position in the US because the title requires a US Degree, no way around it. But your title doesn't necessarily have to be Engineer related, unless it's a front-facing position.
As someone who mained bow in my JP playthrough of Generations...I felt like I was cheating on Adept Style. The other three styles didn't feel even remotely comparable to the insanely beneficial aggressive playstyle you can deploy when running Adept Bow.  I will say though that there are some fights where it can hurt you. I was grinding for the Crimson Helmet Arzuros armor, and his swipe spam can wreck you if you dodge the first swipe, because he just doesn't stop and you can't cover enough distance to get away from him.
&gt; I knew going into all of this that they were going to show up.  So did I, but there was a HUGE worry that Jon and Co. would die. I could see that happening. He would die, then the cavalry would show up, so they still win but a bunch of the major characters were dead, leaving Sansa in charge.
I was trying to add a little more on what you were saying, because machotoast didn't seem to believe there were only 14 episodes left, and with the typical 10 episodes a season it seems a tad weird to be 14 left.
I don't remember the Bill Clinton soundbite, but the badger song is the most horribly retarded thing I've ever been remotely interested in. And I don't even know why I was. It wasn't good, like, at all.
Last time I saw him on screen I literally exclaimed, "How isn't he dead yet?!"  At this point he's been revealed to be a liar and a crook so many times I don't know how someone hasn't poisoned him in his sleep yet. Or straight up decapitated him, even in the castle.
Oh I agree. I don't blame the boomer generation either, my point was just that it was easier for them to start off and make a savings while we basically don't have a chance.  &gt; We have a systemic problem without our economic/social institutions that is driving this.  Yeah, completely. I've had this discussion in the past with others. The issue is how required a degree is for a lot of fields, and if you don't have it you're basically SOL. That system is ridiculous, because there are a lot of skills you can self learn and end up just as skilled as college would leave you. Skill is irrelevant without the magic piece of paper, it's quite ridiculous and is a system that's doomed to collapse when you consider the cost factor as well.
That sounds fucking awful. I hate how many people have no idea what they're doing but think they're the shit and make everyone else's lives horrible.  &gt; But the people in my immediate team were fine to work with, my boss was awesome (she was my biggest fan and basically waiting to retire), and the pay was very good. So I stayed there for three years.  Unfortunately how it works. I've stayed in jobs where one particular person makes everything horrible myself simply because of those reasons. In the end you just deal with it because the end result is worth it.
Makes me sad that my favorite character to play is being used so negatively all the time. Makes people instantly assume I'm up to no good when I pick her.
Would have agreed with you less than 4 months ago. But I moved to Houston recently and there's a place here that well sell &gt;24" pizzas.  Russo's New York Pizzeria will sell 28" XL Pizzas.  If I remember correctly, Fuzzy Pizza will do something between 24-28.  Look, I'm not exactly fit myself, but I have no idea who is ordering those unless they're having a massive party where everyone likes exactly the same toppings, or they intend to eat a slice each meal, because that's insanely huge. I'm not even sure it would fit through my door without rotating it.
My brother was this way about turkey stuffing. He hates onions, but he loved stuffing. Until he found out onions were used to make it. Now he adamantly refuses to eat it, and even insists that he *never* liked it ever. But we remember. Pepperidge Farm remembers.
Cock Magic a few seasons back was one of the best episodes I've ever seen. I'm also partly biased, though, because I've been a fan of Magic: The Gathering since I was a kid so that might have some influence on my thoughts about it.
