Same,  my top three team goals were those 3 goals actually.
Sitting at work doing fuck all just waiting for the Champions League final tomorrow. You guys ever think people in your office are hot but maybe they're only hot because they're at the office? Like they are an 8 in the office but a 5 in the outside world?
I think this year Giroud scored a goal and then did some strange dance with someone on his back. Did he actually score that goal? Anyone remember this?    **EDIT**: He scored against Liverpool and Danny Welbeck jumped on his back - https://youtu.be/LGA6IH6qLWM
I actually do - no one believes me. I was the person who requested my flair like 3 years ago when it wasn't on here. I requested it as "Arsenal de Sarandi" but it came out as "Arsenal"
Imagine he signs with Zenit. "I've followed Zenith since I was a kid."
First season at the Emirates too. One of my favorite goals of all time.
Having issues with Samsung Galaxy S4 on Chrome. Flair is too large.
Had to refresh twice but it is perfect now. Thank you!
"A shark ate me. A fucking shark ate me."
Stop cursing while watching football. My girlfriend has always hated it. I'll just hold in my rage like a normal person.
I am a fucking idiot. Bless you, Nokel!
Ando bien perdido tambien pero quiero ver futbol de cualquier tipo jaja
I believe you, I don't know enough about Spanish from Spain let alone Old Spanish. I'm Mexican so I understand the differences in our Spanish from older times and how it is now.
I've been coming here for almost 4 years. There might be 1 quote a week, but there might be 4, there often times are 0 quotes from Wenger any given week. You'll find a lot of Wenger quotes on /r/gunners but it's a different subreddit. It's the same as any top manager...
Did you face any kind of hostility when playing in England, from players or fans, due to your accent or where you came from?  Edit: why is this getting downvoted?
My girlfriend looked over and said "Ew, is his hair real? He looks like Sonic the Hedgehog."
That's funny as I come here every single day and have done for more than 4 years and look for Mexican threads deliberately as I'm Mexican. I've never seen that comment which was, as you say, at the top. I don't believe you are being honest on your recollection of the post either. Not even Diego Reyes' parents think he is as good as Varane. What was this comparison? Was it when he was young and had a lot of potential? Because you can say he had a lot of potential like Varane had. It's unfulfilled potential now but back then it was a common and fair point of view.
That's fucking impressive. I usually press A more than that just making my way to the castle.
I was at the Mexico v. Uruguay match, the atmosphere was amazing. 60K in attendance.
I feel 70% to be honest. Chile look to be out of it.
Lol thanks, I tried to stay away but some people I was with missed the first goal so I had to show them. Reddit to the rescue!
I am switching all of my accounts to Bank of America just for this reason.
You're right, I'm really conservative when it comes to these things, it just really annoys me at how high these cases go. I have no experience but $1-3M is a great and realistic range. I would have a hard time accepting anything like $4M or $5M for this if I were Disney. I think there weren't any massive duties which were breached. Then again, this is Florida, it's its own world. I can see a jury verdict of $10M happen.
Copa America has taken over my life. I don't know what to do right now that no one is playing.
I've read your other comments and they are great. I just don't know about Chile though. If there is a winner, it'll be by just a goal. Both teams are a lot closer than you are giving them credit for. The only thing that gives me hope is that Chile still looks like they are a bit tired while Mexico looks fresher. That is the only clear advantage I see. If Bravo plays like he did against Panama though, I could see Guardado and Layun causing total mayhem from outside the box. Hoping Alexis has run out of magic. I'm really fucking nervous about this. We'll see.
&gt;not following the comment chain to a tee  Wew lads, summer is upon us
Ready to fucking kill myself
Siempre hablan estos vatos de Croacia, me encanto cuando les dimos una putisa en el mundial
Mi favorito gol de Mexico fue el de Guardado :,) "Miedo? No"  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQJJe8CfRKU
Fuck, you haven't laughed since 2015?
Cuadras/Gonzalez was my vote. I'm curious to see how many voted for it.
He was my choice as well. I like the variety of goals and leagues he posts.
Looking back, I'm happy to have watched it as I can always tell people I've seen the worst match in World Cup history.
I think it was The Martian. Watch both same weekend, Sicario was 10/10. The Martian was 3.5/10.
I got 99 - I basically missed every African country.
Fat and bald as well. Quintessential.
Where are you?
At home
Fuck I'm like 30 minutes from home. Thanks for the heads up man.
That is so fucking awesome! I'd love to be a part of a pitch invasion some day - for good reasons though.
Loving Coby's reaction to hearing about Tecatito's nickname
If Tecatito scores, I'll drink a Corona
Just watched it for the 2nd time today. Scored it 115 - 112 Kovalev. Unfortunately did not score it the first time but I felt like it really could've gone either way. But round by round, I saw a pretty clear win.
Yes of course - it's a father's day gift for my dad plus I want to watch it as I really enjoyed the first fight. I think we will see a better and motivated Kovalev tomorrow which will make this fight more explosive than the first.
&gt;depression island   I've never left
&gt;burnt out from high school  Pathetic as fuck
He's got a translator in his entourage who is not perfect but has been the best I've ever seen in boxing, he gets like 95% of what is said. HBO's is frustrating, for the sake of translating midsentence so it seems faster, he gets like 80% right only. He misses or often makes up important parts. So frustrating. Fortunately I'm Mexican so it's not a problem but I feel bad for non Spanish speakers. They are missing out big time.
Really rate Joel, would love him back in the club even if only for Europa league.  Also damn Joel, he did well with his lady
My only concern was his knee injury he suffered right before the end of the season. How bad did that turn out to be?
I'm enjoying Mexico play in the Confederations Cup so I'm quite alright for now. Either we play in the final or for 3rd place. After that it's gonna be shit.
