&gt; absurdly American centric  I'm not American.  OK - I'll re-word my sentence: Europe emptied of the most fundamentalist brand of Christianity. Better?
&gt;  I've got tons of Muslim friends who always go clubbing but don't have a drop of alcohol.   There's a difference between going to a club with a load of other people who aren't drinking and going to a club where you're the only one not drinking.   I agree in general though - I once went on a Muslim stag do, had a great time.
Don't forget pork crackling, pulled pork, twice-cooked pork belly and pork sausages. Man alive, without them, bacon, sex, alcohol and weed I don't know why life would be worth living. I'm almost jealous of OP about to try all that stuff for the first time.
I think atheism is a bit like the anti-smoking lobby. There are people who smoke, and people who don't, and for centuries those that do smoke had it all their own way - most people did, and did so everywhere, right next to you in a restaurant or at the office desk next to yours whether you liked it or not. However, in recent decades the people who don't have finally gained their voice and said 'enough'. Now the smokers are sent outside so that they don't pollute the non-smokers and it's increasingly marginalised. There are nasty warnings on the packs and all advertising and branding is banned (in the UK at least) or highly regulated. I've heard Doctors go completely on the offensive about smokers - because they see the effects of it, then they don't hold back. It's bad for you, and once you're free of it you never want to go back. Lots of people get drawn into it when they were younger because their peers are doing it and then find it hard to break the cycle. Basically society has gone on the offensive against smoking in recent decades because it's one of the worst things you can legally do to yourself.  OK, so smoking does you physical harm whereas religion doesn't (I could talk about religious wars, but I won't). But I do think religion destroys free will and represents a massive waste of human capital. I am getting about religion how a non-smoker must have felt a generation ago - the numbers of participants is diminishing but they still get to shove it in my face all too often. If you want to do it fine, just keep it away from me, from my children, and fund it yourself. It's indoctrination and it enslaves people's minds.   I used to be a smoker and used to whine about Doctors saying nasty things about what would happen to me - now I've been given up for 10+ years I wish they'd bullied me into it sooner.
I'm going to ignore your particularly patronising tone so that you overlook my 'semi-hysterical', 'nasally voice' and 'little impish snicker'  and see if this gets through.  What most atheists argue against is religion, as religion is the vehicle by which the concept of God or Gods is brought to people. I do not disagree that by sweeping all of religion aside there could be room for an open debate about the likelihood or otherwise of the existence of some kind of deity; yet religion is a different matter: it makes claims that are rooted in the material world - things that would leave behind evidence and have failed to do so. Had there been a flood that covered the entire earth then there would be evidence to show it. Had mankind been created a mere few thousand years ago then there would be evidence to support this. If people could return from the dead, or people could walk on water, then again we might see observable evidence. But we don't see that - and in fact we see many things that count as solid evidence that demonstrate the opposite.   The theist position tends to be one of knowing the answer and working backwards from there. The atheist or agnostic position is one of building a case by which to progress towards an answer. How does one work towards an answer? By looking at the available evidence. No evidence? No progress.  Think of it like a court case: you'd be pretty unconvincing as a prosecuting lawyer if you complained about how jurors kept insisting on this annoying little detail called evidence (presumably in their nasally voices in a semi-hysterical tone) before they believed your case.  &gt; "yeah, the evidence is this..." and proceed to give an argument for those things  ...and there's your problem. An argument is not evidence. It is an argument. Arguments are just stated positions. They can be wrong.  If you want to reply, please try doing it without just being rude, or don't bother.
I'm totally with you on this. I'm usually browsing on my laptop at home. Half the time the wife is watching something on telly and/or the kids are streaming some kids show on the ipad in the next room. I don't want video thanks.
I spent far too long using alcohol as my reward for getting through a shitty day in a job I hated. The worse my day, the more I drank, and the worse the next day at work would be. Eventually it hit me that I was just numbing myself to make a shitty job more bearable, and just making it even worse. I'm still in that shitty job, but it's a lot more bearable when you feel well and feel in control.
&gt; you're speaking our language  As an Englishman, I'd just like to point out that *you're* speaking *our* language.
I'm a Bachelor of Arts, and I'm married.
Yes - spot on. I live near traffic lights on a busy road and hearing some total wanker revving his engine on a bike so loud that it wakes up most of my street at 2am makes me want to go and take a sledgehammer to his shitty bike. It should be treated in the same way as if someone were playing their music loud enough to wake an entire street up.
&gt; I can redefine things in mathematics all I want to equivocate concepts, but it would be a silly argument. Just like it was above when you did it   Well, ignoring you just starting to chuck out the childish insults, the *whole fucking point* of what I said was that it was meant to be demonstrably pedantic to reinforce the point to you that anyone can dick around with words to change the meaning of something to suit their own ends. It remains true that I am a Bachelor of Arts yet am married. I could have also said that I went to school with a kid called James Bachelor whose parents were married. Both of those statements are true, and negate what you said. Don't they?  &gt; And my definitions aren't ambiguous either  No-one in the history of the world has ever uttered a single sentence that was completely unambiguous. You certainly haven't become the first.  Let me remind you of where this started:   &gt; You can't just sit around diddling with words and claim to have discovered anything real or valid  And that is the point, which you seem to be missing. Playing around with words alone never brought a physical thing into existence, so a bunch of theologians cannot debate something into existence. Maths is akin to a language where the words are completely unambiguous, but again, as with language, no-one ever brought a tangible thing into existence by maths alone. Maths creates concepts and models which can point the way towards understanding of the real world, but it doesn't actually cause real things to exist.
First witnessed in 1374 - good article [here](https://thepsychologist.bps.org.uk/volume-22/edition-7/dancing-plagues-and-mass-hysteria). I remember reading about this years ago, the main suggestion being that it was in the years following the black death which led to an upsurge in religious fervour - also lots of examples of self-flagellation - basically people doing anything they thought would mean God spared them from the plague.   Read it in [A Distant Mirror by Barbara Tuchman](http://www.amazon.com/Distant-Mirror-Calamitous-14th-Century/dp/0345349571) which is a fantastic read if you're interested in this sort of thing.
Thankyou, I wouldn't claim I had it forced on me as such. Although I did have a couple of schoolteachers who took issue with my atheism.
Fair enough, maybe it's just a subject I've not had much previous experience of.
Suppose so. Just seemed a bit odd, that's all. Felt like I could just copy &amp; paste my responses from those other threads here.
How do you explain that there are doctors who drink alcohol when they know it's bad for them?   People are complex and are able to hold multiple positions that conflict with each other at the same time. I love animals and yet I eat meat. I love my wife and yet I'll still let my eye linger on a beautiful girl. I find some of my family members infuriating and yet I love them to bits and would defend them to the hilt. I like to think I oppose privilege but there are probably plenty of examples where I'm a hypocrite about that. Have a go at it yourself - I bet you could easily identify positions you hold that conflict with each other.  Scientists who believe in God are doing it for one of any number of reasons: habit, custom, capriciousness, cognitive dissonance, escapism, relaxation, even just for a social life that's built up around the church or to keep from being ostracised by their families - any number of reasons, and probably the same reasons why a doctor would drink alcohol despite knowing it's bad for them. Also bear in mind that most scientists aren't working on things that directly contradict religion on a daily basis, so for most I doubt it's even much of a problem.  And, lastly let's not forget: whilst there are *some* scientists who believe in God, there aren't *many*.
Doesn't need to be geographical. You'd still say Hawaii and Alaska were part of US society wouldn't you? Most divisions between societies is man-made anyway - usually through man-made religions or man-made lines drawn on a map. Personally I believe everyone's connected because everyone has the same basic wants and needs in life, and that's what creates societies and the way they work.
That's easy: everyone needs to earn a living and sometimes people's passions don't earn them enough money to live on or are things they can't pursue as a career for other reasons (e.g. being in a wheelchair but being passionate about football). I'm deeply un-passionate about my job but I've chosen to do it because it earns me ten times what I'd get doing something I'm passionate about.
&gt; One of my Italian housemates tried to help me get a job with them at the high street store 'H&amp;M' and she was told the they "don't hire British people". That may seem like an outlandish lie but I'm sorry to say that its not. You'll have to take my word for it.  I'm not going to take your word for that, because it's bullshit. I've been served in H&amp;M plenty of times by British people.   &gt; Also, if you think that this country would be devoid of Italian restrauants if we were not part of the EU then I'm sorry to say that you're wrong. My friend tells me he saw an Italian restaurant in Thailand, would you care to explain that for me?  Yeah, because Italians are allowed into Thailand. What you're suggesting will happen is that Italian employers would be allowed in to Britain but Italian employees wouldn't. Again, it's bullshit.  &gt; I don't know about Ibiza but I went on a Thomas Cook package holiday with my family when I was young and the rep was native to their own country.   Then that one was an exception. I'd say 90% of tour reps for British travel companies are British and most of those don't even speak the local language to any level of proficiency.
In fairness to the BBC I think they always do that sort of thing i.e. 4 big banners that'll be the top UK news story, top world news story, a top sports story, and then some light-hearted fluff. It's the internet equivalent of the '...and finally' story at the end of the news.   *edit to add: I don't even know who Calvin Harris is. Do I win a prize?
&gt; Nobody can name the commissioners that make the legislation that effects your life without googling it.  I've never understood this argument. Can you name the strategist in the Treasury who came up with the current tax regime?
Fine, I'll go and live in the Bahamas.
Bear in mind that you can completely hate abortion and yet still be completely in favour of it.  My girlfriend had an abortion when she and I were 18, because we were young and dumb and didn't take enough care. I'm not proud of it, it still wonder sometimes how things might have turned out, and it was a really horrible experience to go through at the time. But was it the right decision? Absolutely. We were not fit to be parents at that time. We knew we were never going to stay together forever either - more like just fuck buddies than a couple who would have made good parents together. Was it irresponsible of us? Yeah, sure. Like I say, I'm not proud of it, but that doesn't mean we made the wrong decision.  And to people who say she could have gone through with it then given it up for adoption: that's easy to say and so much harder to do in real life.   I would always tell people to avoid getting into a situation where an abortion was required, and yet at the same time I would always support people's right to do it, because guess what: 18-year-olds *do* fuck up, and they shouldn't have to carry the burden of such a thing for the rest of their lives.
My view is that Farage and co have had their day in the sun, but the underlying decency of the British people always shines through. It might take 5 years, but we will get back to a stable position politically, socially and financially and when we do we may even be stronger for it. This pro/anti-Europe fracture has been brewing for a long time and now that the dam has finally broken that is potentially the best route to getting back to a united country. It may be that remain voters see that life outside the EU can be fine and we can still live in harmony with migrants and foreigners; it may be that leave voters see what we lose being out of the EU and decide it wasn't so bad after all. But at least we'll know, and then we can bring the country back together. I still hope we can work out a compromise with the EU that people can be happy with. This may also be the point at which the level of political engagement helps us put our own house in order more: I'd love to see proportional representation be one of the outcomes.  I worry we could lose Scotland; whoever is PM next needs to ask the Scots to stick with us until we know what the future looks like, and only then consider breaking away again.  Either way: this country hasn't just gone all race-hate overnight; 99% of people aren't racist or xenophobic or anything, they just worry for their communities, their culture and stress put on services and housing. Their concerns are legitimate and need to be heard, and now they should be.   It is scary when the political landscape changes overnight, but there is no reason to fear.
I live in Norwich South - Greens are a pretty strong force here too, but given that Norwich went 'Remain' then I can see the Lib Dems getting back in again.   I like Clive Lewis as a bloke and voted for him last time but won't be next time as long as he continues to back Corbyn.
When I'm literally right in the process of actively engaging with someone who disagrees with me and that person accuses me of not expanding my thoughts outside my own worldview, then believe me, I do know.
I've done a lot of hiring, and believe me if you leave it open for anyone to be able to apply easily you get hundreds, if not thousands, of speculative spammers.   You have to be able to (i) weed out the spammers and (ii) get answers to the questions *you* want to know, not the things that candidates want to tell you. I see loads of CVs that are mostly personal statements of no value ("I am a team player", "I have a strong work ethic", "I believe in the power of technology" etc) but e.g. don't tell me how long they worked at the only job with any relevant experience.  If you ask specific questions via something like an application form then firstly you get to ensure that the only applicants are those actually prepared to spend an hour of their life working towards getting this job, and then also be able to ask specific questions by which to make clear comparisons, rather than rely on the utter randomness of people's CVs.
I have un-friended at least 3 people for their over-sharing of Momentum-styled crap on Facebook.
Who's belittling our country? I'm not. I'm as patriotic as any leave voter, I just happen to understand the world of business and negotiation and know a weak position when I see one. Do you not think it at all suspicious and prescient that the negotiations that happened between Nissan and the government were kept secret? Why do you think that was, because Nissan caved in to the government's amazing position of strength? Don't be daft.  As for 'wanting repeated referendums until you get the result you want': well yeah; when a government does something you don't like, do you just shrug and say "nothing I can do", or do you consider how you might exercise your democratic right to change the views of the people and therefore the government? I want to persuade enough people that the leave vote was a shit idea so that at the next opportunity to give the government a mandate it's a different one. Entirely my right, as is free speech on the subject.
&gt; They are pro immigration and the majority of the country is demonstrably not.  Well arguably you'd say 52% of the country is anti-immigration. Any party that could hoover up a chunk of the remaining 48% could be a serious contender. And let's not forget, a lot of Leave voters claim their vote wasn't about immigration.  &gt; They are pro relaxing drugs legislation but the majority of the country is ageing and socially conservative  If it's the ageing ones then they won't be around much longer then. I'm 42 and I don't know anyone who would lose any sleep if weed was decriminalised.
Of course I am. Judging by other comments I'm far from being alone in not knowing what the fuck you are on about.
Yeah, all fair points. I myself thought Corbyn was a joke until recently but in this election campaign he seemed utterly transformed.   Boris I still think is just a bit too much history of being part-maverick part-clown to be taken seriously as PM, and I think some of the reaction from other countries to him being Foreign Secretary have shown that.   &gt; Bottom line is, ANYONE BUT THERESA  Well, on that I think we can all agree.
Lesser of two evils. I voted Labour because there was just no point voting LibDem in my constituency. Tories might push this line about both major parties pushing for hard Brexit, but I voted Labour because at least I feel like they're trying to arrange for there to be a mattress at the bottom of the cliff we're about to launch ourselves off.
I keep hearing this line - there's not an appetite for another election - yet I just don't get that. People are so traumatised by the idea of a bit more campaigning and having to drag their arses back to a polling station that they'd rather we had a lame duck government propped up by questionable people trying to negotiate the biggest issue of our times with no mandate?   Personally I'd like to see Theresa May resign, Brexit talks put on hold (revoke A50 for now if needs be), new Tory leader and another general election 3 months from now with a clearer choice and some absolute clarity on Brexit positions as part of that.  Many things will change: SNP have dropped the idea of IndyRef2, Corbyn is suddenly electable and has a united party, Tories will have a new leader, and we might even get a proper understanding of who would promise what around Brexit, and hopefully we'd finally get to a position where we weren't trying to define our future with a mortally wounded leader trying to limp her way through it before being put out of her misery.
We don't even have gate-posts, just fence on one side and hedge on the other - would probably end up being a big piece of work!
No, they tend to notice just after they've gone past our driveway so tend to reverse into our driveway.
Mate, you've answered your own question - you've just been dumped because of your drinking and yet you can't think of reasons not to drink? How will alcohol make the situation any better? From here you can numb yourself with alcohol which just makes the situation worse and creates bigger problems for the future, or you can start today to become the person you want to be. Who knows, maybe if you clean yourself up she will want to be with you again?  I won't drink today because then my problems will be smaller tomorrow than they are today. If you drink today your problems will be bigger tomorrow and you'll just face the same dilemma as today but from a worse starting point.
Always thought it was a bit niche. I love fried chicken but the wife hates it so we never went.
That, and all the rest of us in Norwich who voted Remain.
Went to Birmingham, liked it but didn't love it. It's got a lot of character but it's a tough place to love. Had a fantastic time there, made a load of good mates but stayed on for 18 months after graduating until most of my good mates had moved away after which I realised there wasn't a lot left for me there.
Like another guy on this thread said though: personally I feel I have a lot more in common with your average worker in most other countries than I do with the likes of Boris Johnson or Nigel Farage. What makes me who I am isn't drinking tea, Morecambe &amp; Wise, cricket matches on the green etc: you develop an identity by having shared values and being able to recognise those in others, not through some shared love for fish &amp; chips. Fairness is supposed to be part of British identity, but frankly I find that rings a bit hollow these days.
Well, first one's easy: keep us in the single market, second referendum, anything that stops the ever-loving nightmare that is Brexit.   Given that that will never happen, I'm not going to vote Labour again. Might vote Green - will be a wasted vote in my constituency, but I don't care any more, everyone else voted for Feels before Reals so why not.  I voted Labour at the last GE thinking that they were making more pragmatic noises than the Tories that might give us a soft Brexit. What's more I liked my Labour MP but he had to resign from the Shadow Cabinet because he refused to support Brexit.   So I'm afraid now I won't give them my vote again.
Thanks for the vote of confidence :-D  I don't mind admitting I am bigoted about certain viewpoints or people, but only when they're bigoted about others first. I have no problem with the vast majority of religious people.
Speak for yourself mate. Try ever getting from one part of the country that isn't London to another part of the country that isn't London on a regular basis and you'll see what I mean.
&gt;  People don't like it when you ignore what they want.  I want to quit my job but still get paid. Can I have that please?
&gt; But they can do exactly that and they will.  You can't just break a contract without (a) legal consequences and (b) impact on your business. The disruption to most business of moving premises is enormous. Imagine you're running a restaurant, are you really going to up sticks and shift your entire operation, potentially losing customers along the way, and also in doing so breaking a contract that you have signed for a 20-year lease leaving you open to legal action? Are you bollocks.   I went through this with my company last year. Roof was leaking on our building and the landlord said it wasn't his responsibility to fix it. Threatened him that we'd move. He said 'go on then'. We didn't. The roof still leaks.
If you read my posts, I'm not suggesting that there aren't racist idiots in the UK, of course there are. But there are plenty of people in this thread suggesting Britain is a racist country and frankly that's just utter bollocks. I will always think Brexit is a shit idea, but this narrative that it's just about racism is very short-sighted. Most Leave voters I speak to say they have nothing against anyone foreign, but they object to people who haven't paid into the UK exchequer being able to take from it. I don't hold with that argument, but it's the one I hear a lot.
Yeah, I know that thanks for the patronising highlighting. As I clearly said, I voted Remain. I'm telling you what a lot of people believe, not that it is necessarily accurate.
I'm not scapegoating anyone for anything. I told you, I'm not a racist and I voted Remain in the referendum. I'm quite happy with immigration, so I'm not looking for anyone to blame for anything.   See, this is what I mean, you're too busy shouting 'RACIST' at everyone to actually bother understanding their position.
Yes, in case I wasn’t clear I’m very much in favour of immigration. I just don’t think Britain is full of racists like some posters seem to be claiming.
