The shipping was free and that's the only reason why I haven't called the post office and bitched them out about it. I can understand it taking awhile for it to get from NY to Houston because of all the recent flooding, but 10 hours to get from the hub facility to my local post office is ridiculous.
I have no real need for the box but i do want a black or white subtank mini
ill probaby upgrade right away. but im willing to deal with any BS
I'm the same way, the only reason I ever go to a B&amp;M anymore us to pick up some juice when I'm low and don't feel like waiting for shipping. With the ludacris prices and and often rude employees there isn't much of a reason to support most of them.
It wantonly did this to me and I haven't messed with and settings, but thanks for the advice I'll look at it.
Everyman I've tried
I think all of us that own it did the same and a lot of us that didn't own it, bought it.
the issue persist, at this point im probably just going to reinstall.
In all my years(25 of them) I've never seen anyone that ignorant. I hope you and your friend educated him.
Only when I accidentally click the icon, I get out of it as soon as possible.
More than some. I was using it as a way of saying in my limited experience with people.
I use anywhere from 3 to 6
I usually do dual with kanthal and single with nickel
If for some reason it's not covered under warranty I'll gladly take the screen protector :)
I do enjoy some didgeridoo
That would be a dream come true...
i wasn't even aware of an issue
Yeah, I'm good
A friend of mine vaped soy sauce...
Living in Houston with severe humidity I hate anything over 60°F.
Peanut butter &amp; jesus is my favorite
I used to do a dual twisted 28 Guage about 8 wraps around a 2mm rod before I went temp control.
Knock on wood here but I love my ipv4
Houston USA
I have the base game and its a blast to play.
Wife her
I'm in it. Thanks!
I'll likely get one depending on price
I have a 7870xt in my LAN/media PC, which is basically a 270x. Can I join.
3? Hah I can do 4
I've never seen anything of him before and I hope to never see anything of him again.
I've get detected even when turning back into my cloud and no planes near.
Yeah the manual top drop can be a bit OP at times, hell I've been nuked in a Mahan before, by the time I noticed the top bombers dropping their loads I was already fucked
Have you really never heard this circlejerky joke?   But yes I have never played or nor will I unless it comes out on PC or a workable emulator is made.
&gt; I'm highly considering getting fallout 4, but I've got to learn more about fallout by playing fallout games at discount before I spend $60 on a new one.  &gt;Sadly no support for 21:9 :/  http://www.wsgf.org/dr/fallout-new-vegas/en
Because I have no real use for Linux at this time, and I'm rarely not playing a game while on my computer
Gurkha, Camacho, and Rocky Patel are my favorites
Steam hardware beta participant
Dark souls 2 was my last preorder
Built my computer three years ago, I can count on a hand with no thumb the times I've used my DVD drive...
Nope too busy playing world of warships and dirty bomb to care about it.
I left a vaping Facebook group because the mods were advocating the use of trust/ultra fire batteries... They would listen to reason either as I tried in vain to correct them.
I've played Aerobie Arrow rounds before...
I actually laughed out loud
I have around 150 or so games and I need 2tb for all of it...
If you want temp control look at the ipv4(there are some issues with the charging board causing shorts and fires, but I live mine and haven't had a problem.)and a smok tct
I'd love to get the sx but I can't afford a 200 dollar mod
I know you said no ipv's but what about the ipv mini, it's got a nice size and I haven't heard of any problems with them and I have a ipv mini 2 as a backup mod.
I've had no optimization problems with it...
I use a powerline Adapter and I get no issues with it and far better speeds than WiFi.
