Remnant gets a lot of frame rate issues and I was never a fan of the original map, so I kind of find it not that great. It looks good though
For instance I'm a forger who makes various types of maps and inventions. I show tutorials and maps on my channel MartianMallCopStudios. If you create interesting content in a specialty field people who are interested in that field will be naturally more interested in you
Ya the lack of BR starts gets really annoying for me.
I honestly think your having bad luck I actually constantly get Valhalla and construct whenever I try playing halo 3. I never get guardian or assembly though
Me and 3 other friends went through the entire odst campaign. We got massive frame rate drops every 5 to 10 minutes which kinda sucked but at least it was better than when we tried playing halo 3
My entire team left in a game in halo reach and it was me verse 4 other people on the enemy team on swordbase. I killed 2 of them so the score was 2-0 then his the rest of the game to get the win occasionally getting a few assassinations in the process
I actually heard there was going to be more customization
The closest thing I've seen to that is that the only animal I've seen access the speedforce in comic was grodd
This is a tendency. Just because you don't do it doesn't mean it doesn't happen. The game was already trying to veer the kids from CoD to Halo in Halo 4. Just look at ordinance drops, sprint (how it was done in h4), custom loadouts. Everyone I know who loves CoD like Halo 4s multiplayer despite it clearly being the worst of the series mp-wise. That shows my point that in some situations opinions about other games can effect ones outlook on another even if it is slight.
I really liked it but I've heard a about quite a few people that didn't find it that great
I like Halo more-so than COD because I find it to have more interesting level design and level art along with its objective gametypes being superb, it has forge which allows me to make alot of awesome stuff, and with forge, playing community maps is alot of the time more interesting to me than a lot of the dev maps
Forgehub and Halocustoms are excellent sites for community creation and getting people together for lobbies. Those sites are the ones i use
I use HaloCustoms.com and Forgehub.com to check out community content so that's what I'd recommend
Winter because in Arizona its the only time of year where we practically aren't on fire
It's actually not my own map. At the  Forgehub YouTube channel we feature maps that we consider best from the community to give the authors of the map credit for their work. The author of this map is xXandrith
Eat Taco Bell or Del Taco. I live in Arizona so we have much better Mexican food for the same price but somehow people will still go to Taco Bell
I've done it before. If he has the possibility to be assassinated by animation the same damage applies if no animation occurs
Back when i was in high school Penguin/Pengy. My freshman year I was 230 lbs and it was originally used as an insult. Then I lost 50 lbs while doing football and wrestling and then I just found the name funny and kinda embraced it I guess.
Damn your right. I was trying to be a smartass but failed.... :( (looked at it quickly while I was in class)
I think I was like 6 or 8
I was referring to a focussed splinter meta involving the use of them in area denial and the hallways
I rarely downvoted period. I kinda think it's really stupid in general. In my opinion their should only be an upvote and if people don't like something, thats too bad. Tldr; its not a disagree button but that's what people use it for, so it might as well not be there (if a topic isnt relevant or something there are other ways around it)
Any time a family friend has a new baby or something. I just don't care and no I don't want to hold it
From my experience with pallets there's all sorts of different sizes, amount of nails, and amount of wood. I can't really give you a good average either
Yes I have killed the boss on the area and we were both at Dragon Barracks. He hasn't killed the boss there though
House: Arizona Sigil: The Phoenix Words: Hot as hell (it's 120 degrees Fahrenheit today)
Pizza with burrito toppings is something I've had before and is delicious. Burrito with pizza toppings sounds like a cheap calzone
Hey at least i don't get aids. Sneezing it is
I don't know anyone from Jamaica. Sucks for them
I mean squidwards had to deal with for years so I thing I can handle it. Dick nose
I'd say 20 hrs for 60 k unless the job was something that I'm very passionate about.
Since I live in Arizona, if the house was in Arizona I'd say large house. Since most times of the year the heat is too high to stay outside. If I was in another location that could change.
Deaf. I really prefer to see
With the question though it depends which drug has the least damaging effects to me.
I live in Arizona and it's generally a lower percent here. The highest percent of fat people is in Mississippi, West Virginia, and Arkansas. They are all around 30 to 35 percent while most states are around 20 percent.
My recommendation is to get to irithyl and free the witch from her cell. She will teach you the black fire pyromancy  stuff which is all really good
California
I couldn't tell you 3 women either
"mom where the fuck is my chalupa!"
If it was a homeless woman who was attractive I'd take one for the team but idk otherwise
To me it was totally worth the money. It's best when you have friends to play it with though
Image of a negative meme. Prison would suck, and it also effects your life after it because now a felony is on record. Image of a negative meme just gives me more publicity and I can use it comedically
^ I have a bunch of change in a jar in my closet. I'm sure I could find all the pennies
I've never played it but alot of people say Mass Effect 3
Firstly I don't have kittens. If I did, no
I just get frustrated at the amount of people that are saying his character is not as good now.
I was joking
Can I choose the concert that I go to?
Nah it was earth 3 Jay duh. I am still right. Mwahahahaha
Play with friends so you can coordinate. That is like the number 1 thing that helps me
