The Guns N' Roses Appetite For Destruction cassette tape smells glorious. It's one of the greatest smells ever, a bit musky, but not overwhelming.   I have no idea if that cassette was infused with this smell, or if it was a part of the manufacturing process or what, but I kept my copy just for the smell.
Washburn Taurus T25 has a pretty narrow neck and plays nicely too.   Source: I just bought my first 5 string. I played a bunch of other 5 strings, and actually wanted a really wide neck as I have big hands, but this one just felt perfect in my hands.
Yeah it is. It's OCLV carbon frame and fork. Notice the lack of welds around the head tube, that's because these are bonded carbon fiber tubes.   Source: used to work at a bike shop and I'm familiar with lots of frames and frame materials.
Found a really nice used Washburn Taurus T25 in a guitar shop in Iowa over the weekend.   http://i.imgur.com/iwdOHhf.jpg  It's my first neck thru bass, and it's also my first 5 string, so there's a bit of adjustment going on, but I'm really liking it. Feels like a much more expensive guitar than it is. Very pleased.
I always put my hand out the window and hold onto objects stowed on the roof, because I know it will never fall off if I'm holding onto it.
I saw one like this when I was in London last year.
Replaced the heagaskets on my 2006 Impreza 2.5i at 61k miles. :( Subaru stepped up and replaced them under warranty, even though I was about 1k miles out. :)   I've also heard that the EJ headgasket issue was finally solved in 2008, but I haven't heard anything definitive on this.
I test drove a few of the 2005+ Tacoma trucks and just didn't care for how big they were. I scored a deal on a 2004 Tacoma that was in mint condition. I'll probably be driving it forever.
What's reserved seating? I haven't been to a movie theater in about a decade, so I don't know if this is a regional thing or what.
The speed wobble video you posted set off a chain reaction of "related" videos that totally burned up my boring afternoon.   Thank you.
I can never think of anything to ask! Somebody come up with something clever for me.
Nightwish Ghost Love Score with Floor Jansen on vocals.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3brcfttchzA   If there's a limit of how many times you can watch a video on Youtube, I am probably pretty close to reaching it.
I'm excited when a bot responds to one of my posts.
I just started watching it a few days ago and wasn't sure what to think at first. I did like the basic premise of the show, but it felt a bit formulaic at first, but once things started chugging along about half way through the season I totally got on board with it.
Real gangstas go to Leaders Park and go down Suicide Hill. But  seriously though, Suicide hill has claimed many a knee and broken many a leg. The last time I was there a few years ago, they had it fenced off.
Those are fun. I've ridden them a few times.
There are still some pretty good slot car tracks like this still around. I got a chance to spend some time on a track like this in Boston a few years ago and the cars now are staggeringly fast, your eyes can barely follow the cars around the track they're going so fast.   Some of the ads for the consumer level tracks were great too.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdeDYAnMzzA
All the Washburn 5 string basses that I have played have really close string spacing, too close for me in fact.
Chislic. Lamb cubes cooked in olive oil. It's only known in South Dakota, but is totally delicious. I'd take them to Jono's to enjoy it.
Every time I have done this, I downtune all the strings, to take any undue stress off the neck.
Happened to me in a bike crash actually. I got hit by a car and woke up in the trauma center, with my tongue bit in half. It was so bad, that I could barely talk. The surgeon who put my face back together told me not to worry about it, as my tongue would be healed by the time I came out of surgery.  12 hours later, it was healed! The rest of my face was a wreck, but I managed to survive a pretty horrific accident, so my botched face wasn't that big of a deal really.
Eh. Not bad really. There's some scarring on the end of my nose and underneath my nose where it meets my top lip. The other scars look sorta like pock marks from acne.   The plastic surgeon that did the surgery said that I healed remarkably well. The worst thing to come from all of it was the nerve damage to my chin, which makes it slightly difficult to talk, as my lower lip and chin feel numb all the time.
I have no idea what happened to the driver of the car, as I was found on the side of the road by another motorist who saw me laying there.
From the time of the accident to when my tongue healed back well enough to talk was ~20 hours. Even then my tongue was extremely sore, but so was the rest of my body.   EDIT: missed a word.
I'm only here because I was wearing my helmet.
It was a juvenile crush for Willow and to some extent Xander. I thought the way the show explored their relationship was covered nicely. Had their been anymore time spent on it, it could have gotten a bit tedious. Spending more time on their budding relationship may also have closed the door on Willow meeting Oz or Xander seeing Cordelia.   That being said, I'm glad that Xander and Willow remained good friends, even if they eventually grew apart throughout the years.
I can't ride anymore either, but because of concussions. I could still ride, and I was up until a few years ago, but it just isn't worth it if I want to live the rest of my life in a reasonable state of coherency.
I finally threw my parallel port Zip drive and all my 100 meg discs out a few months ago. I don't think I had used them since 1999. They were great for moving large data (for the time) back and forth from home to school.   3D Stuido Max files were huge, and there was no other way to work on it at home, without a Zip drive.
I think so. I'm a notorious noodler on the bass. It's not until I sit down to learn a song, or a section of a song that I start finding patterns on the neck that I wouldn't thought of on my own.
I'm happy to see you stuck with it on your project. Every time I start a project like this, I get frustrated and impatient, especially when I have to borrow tools and a garage from friends to work on my rolling projects.   I guess that's why I never finished the SAS on my '92 Toyota. :(
I used to have one, but it rusted into nothing. I even went so far as to rivet in new floorboards, after I put my foot through mine.
Sold the '92 years ago, then moved onto a very dilapidated '85 4Runner that I thought I would be able to salvage, but it was too rusted out. :(
I've never watched the show, but I grew up during a time in which these kinds of songs were popular. Even for a parody, this song is great.
I liked the arc that Andrew had, and I liked how he became a part of the group, but it also made season 7 feel like it was trying to do too much. Still, I'm glad he was there.   As much hate as Kennedy gets from fandom, I still think she's an interesting character with a lot of traits that would eventually make a great slayer in battle. She was brash and arrogant, but also extremely brave and was certainly willing to fight alongside Buffy and Faith.  I guess if I had to pick a favorite, I'd say Amanda or Vi.   For all the chaos and clutter that made season 7 a bit unsteady, I still liked the message that got lost in the shuffle, Buffy changed everything. She changed the Slayer lineage forever and gave her powers to any potential slayer. That was beautiful.
I read the install on the TRD charger was pretty easy. This might be something that I'll do in the future, especially after having driven my truck over the Rockies twice, where a supercharger would be beneficial at high altitudes.
I hated morphine. Once I was coherent about what was going on after my accident, I stopped using it. I only took a few of the Oxycodone that they sent me home with as well, as they made me feel like a zombie.
I could see where that might be a tonal difference in an acoustic, but an electric guitar or bass relies more on the nut, the bridge, the pickups and wring to produce its overall tone. For me, it's build quality.   The guitars an basses that came out of Japan in the '70s, '80s and early '90s was incredible. I had an early '70s Ibanez artist guitar that was one of the nicest instruments that I've ever seen. I eventually ended up trading it for a drum set, but now I regret it. One of the nicest bass guitars I've played was a friends 1984 Ibanez Blazer. The build quality of those were both outstanding.
It actually scared me. I would be watching something on TV and my brain couldn't register of something was supposed to be funny, or sad or whatever. That was crazy. I just put up with the pain for a few weeks.
I just found it on the FAQ page, about a half a dozen clicks on on their page well hidden. It says that their drivers do accept tips, so I'll be sure to leave him a bit extra next time.
I agree. I'm a generous tipper when it comes to wait staff, pizza delivery person etc.   For me, this was kind of a new era of tipping etiquette as I used to use Pea Pod home delivery service when I lived in Minneapolis, and they specifically told you that the drivers don't accept tips.
I've made a lot of these while winter camping, but I didn't have a full bar or fancy hardwood floors.
Yes, this was really a thing, but only in Canada eh. Sorry.   http://i.imgur.com/Ym2ZpmZ.jpg
Don't label yourself anything then. I'm just a non believer who likes science and isn't hung up on what society labels me as. As far as this sub is concerned, it was always better a year ago, like any sub on Reddit.
This is awesome! Now that I have access to a 3D printer, I've started sketching out my ideas for a headless bass. I made the initial sketches on paper, then drew it out in Inkscape. After that I brought in a few of the .svg files into Tinkercad to get comfortable working in a 3D environment again.    What I plan on doing is printing out the body in 4 sections, with a section in the middle of the pieces hollowed out so I can use a piece of wood to mount the neck to. I got the idea from this build.   https://3dprint.com/93958/3d-printed-polymax-guitar/   Here's where I started, and how it looks in Tinkercad. (nothing is to scale yet)   http://imgur.com/a/tCWCJ  This has been really fun thus far, and I'll post a build of it once I start getting things measured and when it has been printed and built.
Are you going to retune the 3.8 to run on lower quality fuel that you may find in Africa?   Also, you like about 10 years younger sans beard.
I've been to 3 provinces in Canada and knew them while I was there travelling, but forgot them soon after I left. :(
My '04 is still looking good, but it's only been in the rustbelt for 3 years. I'm going to reinforce it this summer, then rustproof the hell out of it.
I started reading Leviticus on my own when I was younger, so I brought it up to my Sunday school teach at church and asked him why we didn't cover it and many other books of the bible.   His basic response was that the holy spirit guides us through our journey and that we would be taught what the church deemed to be important.   Leviticus was the first book of the bible that made me question its contents. There was so much of it that was straight up bonkers and made me question even further what was being taught to me, and what wasn't.
I worked for a dot com in the early 2000s that spent over 700k on these servers. They bought these servers to run a splash page to show investors how much potential this dot com had.   Seriously. 700 thousand freakin' dollars to run a splash page that they hired a Cold Fusion developer to code, and it didn't even do a damn thing. The dot-com era was fucking crazy.
I lived in the panhandle of Florida for a few years, where everybody had a favorite college team. I have never known anything about sports or college football, which totally betrayed my northern heritage when I lived there.
