Pretty much. He's able to get the bow and arrow, so never has to transition to the back. Imagine not being able to get that grip, so instead of finishing with the bow and arrow right there you have to hug them instead and take the back. I do like his pressure on the collar like that, I'm going to have to try that setup.
Same stuff I use. Works great.
Um, Cobrinha always has been and always will be my #1.
What crash? I haven't had a post caffeine crash since 1999 when I stopped taking caffeine pills. I was up to 3000mg a day of caffeine at that point, which will make you hallucinate just FYI.  I drink coffee up until like 2 hours before I go to bed....
Consider it a magic trick. I can still do pushups on just my thumbs. It would take me a bit to get the hang of doing a single thumb again, but it doesn't do anything for you beyond look cool.
No, but I did have one of the Serendib Efreet's that is the green card with the blue mana symbol. I actually was able to hunt one down when I started playing again and pick it up as a bulk rare. It has a place of honor in my binder just to remind me of the good old days.
Depends on how much pressure you are putting on the arm and how resistant someone is to pain. If you are hyped up on adrenaline and concentrating on fishing a knife out of your pocket then you might not even notice that your elbow got torn apart until well after you have stabbed a dude to death.  Adrenaline is a crazy thing. That's one reason why I don't rely on joint attacks if shit has gotten super real. If one presents itself I'll hit it and transition away since damaging an attacker is generally helpful, but my goal is never to hit that armbar. My goal is to get to mount or knee on belly where I have full control and full view of my opponent. then if they start digging in their pocket I can take control of that limb and stop them from getting whatever they are going after. I can also keep an eye out for additional people who might be coming to kick my head in, and I can strike or disengage as needed.
To combat the wispy stuff I pull my hair up in a topknot like that and then get my wife to shave that under layer of hair off. It cuts down on the heat and eliminates the wispy stuff without sacrificing my glorious flowing locks.
No, Grapplemania in July. We're going on vacation to Florida the week before Richmond, so I won't be able to double up the trips.
Yeah, my wife and I play a lot of Skyrim and Fallout, which has a TON of customization. I still fire up some of the early final fantasies on emulators sometimes.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves here, not sure I can get a 350$ expenditure approved by my finance department on the sole grounds that it appeals to my sense of vanity.  Edit: However, I do have the perfect picture in mind... I'll put on all of my medals at the same time and take a truly obnoxious picture.
Only on the weekends ;).
Which is why I work very hard to be mindful of what I'm getting out of every minute I'm in the gym. I drill without screwing around. I roll with focus on developing a specific part of my game each time. I try to wring every bit of benefit out of each class.  Because of that over the last 12 months I've not only caught up to where I was before my 8 month layoff, but surpassed that and now find myself rolling competitively with brown belts that were clowning on me 8 months ago. Training with focus is super important.
I didn't include my lifting time. about 2 hours a week of lifting.
The only thing about this is that it's a huge pain in the ass to put the bun on the top compared to the back. I've done it this way for tournaments when I'm extra concerned about guillotine escapes and stuff, but I usually just leave it on the back for casual training.
I keep mine in the form of my blog. It varies from very technique focused to philosophy focused to motivation focused to just saying, "Yes, I made it to the gym today."  Mostly it helps me to be able to look back and see WTF I was working on a few months ago and see how I've maintained focus and what improvements I've made.  Sometimes I go back and read something and it reminds me of a technique or sequence that I worked on and then abandoned that I will then go back to and have a lot of success with.
I've only seen white belts and the occasional blue who don't realize that this submission was due to very excellent setups and top pressure from the Judo guy on top, and while there WERE mistakes made from the bottom guy, that wasn't the primary reason for that submission since you can make those same mistakes against someone that doesn't have black belt Judo top pressure and not get subbed.  I actually pull this video out as one of the things about when you can break the 'rules' of BJJ as a warning to people not to be complacent and to make sure you know how to counter those things that 'everyone knows you can't do'.
Are you guys an official Alliance affiliate? All of the Alliance affiliates I know of do the formal test. I did it for my blue and purple.
Nope. My tests were free except for the normal drop-in fee at HQ where I did it. I also bought my purple belt there after my test for 25$.
Umm, I paid nothing for the test. I paid the drop-in fee for the 2 hour long class I took before the test. Then I bought a belt because I wanted one with the alliance logo...
I have bad vision, I don't wear my glasses during class, I just get close enough to see what's going on.
Either we both start standing, or you engage on the ground and then stand unless we agreed on something else at the beginning of the roll.  That doesn't mean you have to start in closed guard. I frequently start in sitting guard, then grab a pants grip and stand up, other people frequently do that to me.  But standing while disengaged is creating an asymmetrical environment. I'm going to stand up to to create a symmetrical environment. We can work from standing, that way I have the option to establish my grips while you are attempting your takedown instead of you getting to start with me down, with no grips, while you are standing.  If you want to start that way then ask me.  Pulling guard without grips is only common for shitty whitebelts.
The BJJihad is relentless. PM me the names of anyone you think got their rank in an illegitimate way. I will investigate fully and if the issue warrants it I will take the appropriate action. If I determine that everything is on the up and up then I'll leave it at that, but we police our ranks pretty seriously.
Fellow 145er here.   Hook your hands behind their elbows and pull forward, at the same time squeeze with your knees and curl your knees towards your chest. This will generally get the elbows out even against the bigger stronger guys.  If they are so strong that you can't do that, then start getting REAAAALLY good at guillotines and just sit up and throw a guillotine on them. Either they defend, your you choke them.  If it's in the Gi you can grab a cross collar grip, post on the mat, and push them backwards. It forces them to react, at which point you can collar drag them down.
I take issue with all of the people who seem to think that backing off and running will automatically end the encounter. What do you do if the three guys decide to chase you? How for and how fast can you run?  I can do about half a mile at a dead run, and my half mile speed is like 2:30. What are the chances that's good enough to get me somewhere safe before one of those guys catches me and now i'm trying to fight while winded?   Some consideration needs to be given to the idea that running isn't an automatic success.
I want my coaching to consist of point totals, time left in the match, and encouragement. I don't like it when people yell technique advice at me mid match.
A few years ago I choked a guy unconscious while his coach was telling him that he was safe and there was no choke. :\
&gt; Besides, do you really want to look back in 20 years of pictures of you wearing rainbow tights, with an Iron Man rash guard and a purple gi with 57 goofy patches on it? :/  Yes.
I'm a fan of awarding 2 points and a standup if someone gets lifted above their opponents waist. So, if I have a triangle, and someone is able to pick me up so that my head goes above their waist then they get 2 points and we restart standing.
My attitude is just fine.
K, since /u/Rand486 has summoned me I have a nice example video to post of me from a tournament back in 2009.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jtf5iKr4ptE  First example point is at the :48 second mark. I have a sort of double armbar, my opponent jerks me upright and immediately drops back down, bonking me on the ground. I have had the same sort of thing happen on wooden floors and you don't notice it at the time, but it leaves some bruises later. I was too concerned with working for that armbar and let him posture too much. This was me making a mistake and getting bonked for it.  He starts to posture again and I go to hook the leg and lose the submission attempt because I was focused on getting the underhook over maintaining the submission. Some scramble into omoplata follows and then we're at the next major point:  At 1:54 I lock the triangle up and my opponent starts to stand. See how as my head comes up off of the ground I latch onto his leg? It doesn't matter if he can get me that far off of the ground. A bonk from there isn't going to KO me, or even be noticeable even on concrete. I continue to keep the triangle solid and latch onto that leg and pull whenever he tries to lift me. That means he ends up trying to do a 'good morning' (https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/61/Good-Mornings.png) with my entire body weight, plus the strength of me pulling on his leg. Even as weak as I am, go put 180lbs on the bar and do a 'good morning' and see how that works out for you.  Because of that I avoid being lifted more than a few inches off of the ground and I can even mitigate any impact from him dropping down on me around the 2:02 mark.  This obviously wasn't perfect, but it's representative of the proper way to defend against the possibility of being slammed.
Well, I made all of my disastrous financial decisions back when I was 20, bought a house and car I couldn't afford, all that jazz. I learned my lessons and leaved well within my means for the next decade. And now my wife makes good money, and I make good money, so I can take a somewhat lower paying job and our combined income covers everything plus our extravagant luxurious lifestyle.   If I were single, and didn't own 2 horses and a 26 acre farm, then yes. The lower income would have been just fine from the start for me. Had I known better and made better choices when I was 20 I could have gotten away with making even less, but don't lowball yourself either. The job market isn't an employers market anymore.  When you are negotiating make it clear that you are willing to accept X compensation with Y specific scheduling concessions. A lot of places will either work with your scheduling requirements, or happily pay you a little bit less than you might actually be worth in exchange for letting you leave work an hour early a couple of days a week.
Against other kids I teach them to respect the tap the first time. I'm pretty damn confident in the kids I've dealt with being able to re-assert dominance if their aggressor comes after then again, and this time you don't let them up until you have backup, if no back up is on the way then it's night night time.
Where are you on the east coast? I will hook you up with something that meets your requirements.
Get a Fuji Victory. They cost about 80$ and are some of the bet gis you can get. My Fuji is still my favorite gi.
Unless your some kind of palsied retiree you're at least as strong as I am, so I'm guessing you're just doing it wrong.  My go-to guard break that works on everyone is to get grips on the pants just to the inside of the hips, keep my own elbows in near my sides, sit down on my heels, make an L with my legs, and then expand myself until my opponents guard breaks open. Works on everyone.
My estimate is a guess solely based on me rolling well against a bunch of brown belts recently compared to how I was rolling with brownbelts before my layoff. :)
I'm walking around at an easy 142, so light feather seems like an easy choice.
LOL @ 'this young man', I'm a year older than you are. :)
One of the things that I always make sure to do is to focus my weight on my opponent. I don't drop my knees to the mat, I don't rest on my elbows.   I make sure that the only thing touching the ground is my toes, everything else is on my opponent. Even when I drop my hips down towards the mat I just barely don't touch the mat.  Also, WHERE you put the weight can make a huge difference. I do my damndest to keep my weight as tightly focused on my opponents solar plexus as possible from side control.   One way to start figuring out the details is to pay good attention to that tiny female when you roll with her and focus on WHERE it feels like her weight is.
We call it the Rear Naked Crank, because the hand grip you use is identical to the RNC grip. I had it done to me at one of my first NAGA tournament sand almost blacked out.
You assholes are in my neck of the woods. Don't pointlessly and blatantly post zero content advertising. I'ma downvote you, I'ma downvote your cow, I'ma downvote your whole family.
I've done that too. Pulled into a walmart parking lot 10 minutes away from the venue at 3-4 am, slept for 5 hours, then went to weigh-in and compete.
My gym is open like all fucking day on saturdays. Don't think there are official classes on sunday but I could probably find someone to show up and open the place up to roll.
Have done. Went slightly too far, or had opponents slightly too slow to tap and resulted in hospital trips or unconsciousness. I've been on the other side as well, been a bit too slow or thought I had an out when I didn't and ended up injured or unconscious.
&gt;Following on from above, know what the uniform rules are before turning up. I had several awkward conversations upper belts who had rashguards / shorts / belts that wouldn't pass the gi-check.  I would love to know the uniform rules for what constitutes a Gi or belt that is 'too worn' since I've had teammates who had to very quickly borrow a Gi from someone else because of that, even though as far as we could tell their belt/gi and other people who passed were in exactly the same shape.
I've had classes with Jacare, but not with Clark, so I would probably go for Clark for the novelty of it, but Jacare always takes some kind of insanely stupid simple technique and then shows you like 3-4 details that improve it a hugely for you.
After initially learning the escapes I don't think I've every really drilled most of them beyond my time spent 'active drilling' while rolling and positional work like one person starts with side control and you have to escape while they have to submit you or something like that. I think a lot of people see it as escapes being the thing that you are practicing all of the time anyways because you're a white belt, so actively drilling them doesn't have the same kind of urgency as some other technique groups.
Is there any particular reason that you think I shouldn't be confident in my ability to do to an untrained person something that I've done to trained people thousands of times?   And of course:  &gt;move to the next opponent, and be no worse off than someone who stayed on their feet.  You keep creating this weird strawman notion that I am talking about taking someone down and executing submissions on them in a situation where there are known multiple opponents. I've never said that. If I end up on the ground through some part of the chaos of combat then I get the option to snagging a limb and cranking it as hard as I can to disable one of my opponents and then working to get back to my feet using proven skills practiced thousands of times against resisting opponents.  Your entire position is based on this fallacy that people who are trained in grappling and/or MMA will choose to take a fight to the ground and keep it there no matter what the context is. That's something completely made up in your own head.  If I'm in a situation where the context indicates it's safe for me to engage someone, put them on the ground, and work from there then I will. If the context says that's not a good idea then I can use my skills to stay on my feet and avoid being tackled and curbstomped. Am I confident of this ability? Fuck yes I am. I've done it under full resistance for years.   How's your takedown defense? How are your mount escapes? Do you have any idea how to stop someone from sitting on your chest and punching your skull into tiny pieces?
&gt;  Some of the best fighters in the world have gone down with full awareness of the opponent on the first or second punch of a professional fight.  Against professional fighters with professional skills. I understand why you think untrained people are so dangerous, it's because you're shit at fighting. People with actual skills don't have that problem.  I've taken and given out plenty of punches, padded and unpadded and I will happily do so again given the opportunity.   And I have yet to have anyone demonstrate in any reasonable way how Wing Chun (we're going to stick with that one for the moment since it's where most of this dumb shit comes from) suddenly becomes more effective as a combat method when a second or third attacker enters the picture than an equivalent amount of training in MMA. If you are worse at fighting one person, which you most definitely are, then what about that makes you think that you are going to have a better chance against two people?   And if you think you ARE better at fighting one person then let's see some proof of that anywhere.   Want to see good WC that actually teaches people to fight? Look at Alan Orr. How do those guys train? 95% exactly like MMA gyms. Because the training methods are flat out better.
