&gt; The article makes a good point about alcoholism, we are quick to judge but how many of us are effectively functional alcoholics?  I don't know, how do you define alcoholic?    I don't like the way the article suggests that Britain is different to elsewhere. Each country has it's own intricacies when it comes to booze, and I think that because we have such a pub based culture, it makes our problems look worse than others. Overall, [we're not particularly better or worse than many counties](http://www.who.int/substance_abuse/publications/global_alcohol_report/msb_gsr_2014_3.pdf).
That's odd, my experience couldn't be more different.
I'm surprised by some of the stories I've heard here.   I can give as often as possible with no problems at all. The staff are friendly, appreciative and efficient.   I had no idea it varied so much.
I didn't know about that. It's strange that the blood donation place doesn't even mention it.  I've had a look, and my nearest is about a 70 mile round trip. Hmmm...
I think that all major hospitals should have blood donating areas, however I can only imagine that it's been thought of previously, and, for whatever reason, it isn't practical. It's a good idea though.  How come you missed work for a whole day? Was your work quite physical?   Personally I always make sure that I have a really good meal the night before I'm going to donate, and know what I'm going to eat when I get home again. A sandwich would be nice, but I guess it would be more money, and I'm not sure how much of an incentive it would be anyway. Tea and ginger nuts for me please.  A pop-up donor van does seem like it would be quite popular. Move it every day, and park up in high footfall areas like train stations.
I think it's a very fine balancing act for the NHS. Anything less that 100% occupancy is a waste of their time, and I guess that to achieve 100% you have to book in 110% of donors, much like the airlines do.  I know that it leads to some frustration when you can't do a walk-in, but I suppose that it's better than dozens of anecdotes about the NHS staff sitting around doing nothing.
It's reminded me of someone at school who used to sell 'pizza' at lunchtime.   Toast.  Tomato purée.  Cheese.  Grilled.  It wasn't bad really.
Yup. It's such an odd number because we had to comply with EU regulation which set the limit at 90 KPH, about 57 MPH.
Same here, but it was two episodes.
That's brilliant.   Fuck you autocorrect.
Smolensky said that they would be back 12 years ago. The longer that they are not back, the harder it will be for them to get back. Their customer base has moved on, and many of the newer prospective buyers are simply not aware of TVR, especially outside the UK.  I don't mean to sound cynical, but British small manufacturers have a hard time without being out of the loop for over a decade. Many of the loyal customers now want a more comfortable car with seats for their kids.   The glory days of TVR were when they made Al Melling's Speed Eight. It was an era when they made unique, quirky, and ascetically stunning cars. I'm not sure that making a body and chassis with a tuned US V8 will really draw that much attention, partially because the competition has advanced so much, and the current audience are simply unaware TVR.  I love almost all the low volume UK manufacturers, but that doesn't mean that they will be successful. As I understand it, Lotus are still living hand-to-mouth, Morgan had a remarkable turnaround due to a brilliant marketing move, and Ginetta seem to survive on a race series. I've still not seen a single G40R on the road.  I wish TVR all the best, but to be honest, I think they should take heed of what happened to Wiesmann, who, in my opinion, made *vastly* superior cars.   If TVR really pull it off for sub £50k, they *might* do it, but in an age where EVs and hybrids are starting to dominate the high performance sector, I have my serious doubts.   I honestly wish TVR all the best. They are legendary.
I almost feel like buying some Reddit gold.
Thanks for commenting, and personally I think many 'traditional' owners such as yourself will feel the same.
That's exactly the sort of thing I'm looking for. Thanks.  Any more suggestions anyone?
Many thanks. Just ordered one.
Many thanks. Just ordered one.
I've gone for the 3ml one, which I believe is closer to 3.5ml. I'm only looking at something like 1.3ohm as I want it to be an out all night setup, and I'll take a spare battery.   I had a look at the wicking on YT, and I'm 50/50 on a single/dual coil as I want to be economical on juice too, no point in going out with a pocket full of batteries and ending up empty on juice!  The whole thing is a bit of an experiment really, I just want a *really* small vape, and many thanks to all those who pointed me in the right direction. It's much appreciated.
Yeah, the screw fill does look like a pain, but liveable.   To be honest, I use 24mg at the moment, which I know most here will find absurd, and I think I might go up to 36mg when I go out for a night so I use less puffs.   It's not easy quitting after 35 years on the smokes. I did try a couple of years ago on 12mg and a shit battery that would let me down after a couple of hours on a night out, so I'd buy a packet, but this time I don't really care what I buy or use as long as I don't go back to the dark side!  Vaping has changed so much in the past 18 months or so, and it's really wonderful to see. I've been out of the loop for a while, and now the gear out there is so much easier to live with.   Thanks for you advice mate, it really is appreciated.
I started a thread a while back asking for what good local juices there are.  https://www.reddit.com/r/ecr_eu/comments/2htxcp/what_is_the_best_juice_from_your_country/  It was a while ago, so perhaps it's time to ask again.
50/50 18mg.   Thanks.
&gt; Strictly speaking Nepotism is using a family member to get a job  Did you read my post?!!  &gt;P.S. I know I didn't use the term 'nepotism' in it's purest form.  &gt;The phenomena you're referring to is really the re-use of existing talent rather than the development of new talent, and it's not just entertainment industries that have this problem.  Of course it's not just TV, but I feel that the TV industry is one of the largest offenders, and it's certainly the most obvious.   I had a quiet day yesterday, and afternoon TV seemed to be full of it. I've just checked now, and this afternoon at 2:15 you could have watched a programme called 'For What It's Worth', hosted by Fern Britton on BBC1, or on BBC2 at the same time you could have watched 'The Big Allotment Challenge', hosted by Fern Britton.  The other point is that while it may happen in other industries, with regard to the BBC, we don't pay for them. I don't care if the local builder's merchant employs his son and his niece, but the BBC should try a little harder.   There's plenty of talent out there, and not only would it be more interesting if they reached a bit further, it might also be cheaper.
Or you go to the pub, and pick up a wingsuit suit and GoPro on the way home.
That's very odd.   I've only tried DTL a couple of times, but I got no tastes on inhale, in fact I was wondering if it was working at all, and then on exhale I got a bit of flavour, and a fucking huge cloud.   It was like one of those times when I'd inhaled helium, and then turned to my friends and said "I don't think this is going to work" in a really high pitched voice.  Generally I think MTL is acknowledged to deliver better flavour, so it's odd that you feel otherwise. I'm not saying that you're wrong, but it's interesting how many vapers there are, and how few get the same benefit from a certain setup.
I hate to tell you, but Dave died last night. A conifer pulled out on him.   It's on Youtube.
&gt; Three drive unit replacements in 40k miles  I didn't realise they were like that. That's applauding, and I think it'll make people consider buying an 'out of warranty' used one.  Thanks for the reply.
In case you hadn't guessed, my post wasn't wholly serious, but either way, bees don't pollinate grass. They are generally wind pollinated.
As a Brit, when I see 'off the boat' on here I always expect something Jap.   Is that a UK one?  Very nice. What the plans for it?
The only one I've used with any success is hot glue. I find that pads can work, but tend to wobble when you're driving.
&gt; Well I already lived in Europe for several years, the plan was always to go back once I'd hit a couple of career milestones in London.   Brussels?
The list of people and organisations that I've lost respect for since the campaigning started is astounding.   &gt;What has made Britain Great is its diversity. The country is becoming divided by hysteria and malice, with angry rhetoric becoming a standard feature of political debate.  Leave would result in the end of diversity? Of course not, and the irony of trying to label anyone hysterical after you come out with a statement like that is just laughable.   It's an incredibly dumb thing to say, but worse than that, it's in very poor taste to use the murder of an MP to try to promote your own personal agenda.   I thought he was brighter than this.
I guess we'll roughly know at about 3 or 4am.   That's because I'm an expert in having a random guess.
It took me a while to work out. :)
u/newsens, I'm intrigued to learn about you because I have never seen anyone as wholly opposed to any country as you are to Israel.  How old are you? Are you Arabic? Are you Muslim? Are you male or female? What nationality are you? Where were you born? What was your education? Where do you live? How old are you? Have you ever been to Israel?   You seem to be am angry ball of hatred, and normally I'd despise someone like yourself, but your incessant postings lead me to believe that you are either very disturbed, or a bot.
&gt;  living here for 20 years without being able to afford citizenship (which costs £1000  If you've been living here for 20 years, and you still can't scrape a grand together, I'd question what value you are to the country.
omg nige, don;t be wrong, pleeeease
Spoke to some people earlier. I'm not on FB, but apparently there were family members calling others racists and bigots, threats of 'unfriending' people, all sorts of nastyness and allegations being thrown about.    It's very sad.
This is something I am starting to question.  &gt;Those with college degrees tended to opt for Remain, while people without them tended to opt for Leave.  How many people with "college" degrees were there 30 years ago? Now almost everyone goes to higher education and gets a degree. The whole education system has changed, and I believe, devalued.   10% went to Uni in my day. Have we seen an influx of incredibly intelligent and astute people in the past few years? Not in my experience.   Degrees are common place now, so please lets stop dismissing the more mature as being thick as pig shit, and praising the recent graduates as geniuses.   It's just stupid.
I used to think that he was a bit of a thick twat. Now I realise that he's quite a nasty piece of work.
As an adamant leave, I hope you are right.   The EU will panic and withdraw all the political shit. We revert to a post-'93 situation.   Win-win all round, but Juncker is such an egotistical fuckwit that he'd never allow that.   His plans are obvious.
Happy New Year everyone. Apart from the shitposters, which is everyone.
I might have been lucky, but I have the old family set of Le Creuset (40+ years), and it was used and abused in every way possible, and it's still good.   I didn't realise that there were any such concerns, but it's interesting to know that it can happen.
You can lose 1st gear if they are too short, but the novelty factor is great, for about a month.   I had a Lotus 7 replica, and ended up using 2nd to pull away most of the time. It's obviously not the same weight as a Mustang, but then again, it doesn't have the same engine.   1st can be wasted if it's too short, but it's fun when you want to be a dick.
No, it was a 2001 Focus.  It's an impressive car, but if you chopped 2ft off the front, it could be any SUV. Volvo? VW?   To be honest, I know why Bentley did this, but I wish they hadn't.
If the dealer has any sort of integrity he'll be perfectly happy to let you take a car of a lesser value.   Go talk to him. A deposit is a deposit, but explain the situation, possibly slightly embellished, but as long as he's making a sale he should be accommodating.
It's the same as your GF's, but one end is slightly wider to fit a 26650.  http://www.eleafworld.com/istick-pico-mega-kit/  I got a Basen 4500mah battery for it, which is 1500mah more than the largest 18650, and you can USB charge it because it a single battery.   Actually, I got it for the exact reasons you mention. :D
I guessed that it was an American phenomenon not to get out of the way, but why do you do that?  The Highway Code, a UK driving training book, tells you to get out of the way.   Personally, I'd deck anyone I saw block an emergency service, and in the UK I'd probably need to queue to do it.
I asked the age of the guy so I could put some perspective on how offensive it could be. I know the history of it.   It's not an offensive term when you're talking about a car made in Japan, and I'm at a loss as to how many tossers there are here trying to twist it around to mean something that I clearly didn't mean, and if I did offend anyone, all I can do is offer to buy you an anal plug from Amazon to go and stick up your fucking ass.
I think he did that himself.   He seems to have followed the lead set by Lily Allen and Izzard.   Shame, I used to like him.
I'm sure I've got a compass in my satnav.  I guess a marine one would be the most accurate, and to honest, the phone compasses seem fairly poor.
Ok, throw in some V1 custard and I'd be happy.   Then again, I vape rabbit droppings, and I'm happy.
