&gt; Men want advice, women want someone to listen to them and then validate how they feel (i.e., "man, that's tough, sorry about that!")  You had me until here. Even as a generalization this is stupid. In my experience it varies far far more on a person-to-person basis. You'd be amazed how many men I've known were talking to me looking for validation, while how many women were looking for actual constructive help. I have yet to notice either gender which leaned one way or the other. Most people want a mix.   Anyone who believes this aphorism is a fool.
No. You are. I mean that too. You could have just drank alone with your thoughts but you came to us. You're gonna get through this man.
Was a kid at the time when this aired-- it was lame then too.
I haven't been a fan of Tina Fey's output since about the midpoint of 30 Rock aside from her book, but when that woman is on she is *on*.
Not you and the people who upvoted you though. You're the ones who *know*. (I upvoted you)
Well friend it's because we all have to deal with it. It's not that there's no sympathy, but come on what are you doing about it?   Guess what? When I get passed up for a lady's attention because a 6'2" dude with a strong jawline and smug look on his face shows up, I'm pissed. Do I fall down and cry? No. I move the fuck on with my life.   When my ex-girlfriend in high school decided to shame my 6" dick for not being 8" I was insecure for years. I still am to a degree. Does that mean I have to just give up enjoying what my dick is? There are plenty of women who don't seem to mind it.   And it cuts both ways. Do you think the women I've been with have been my "first choice" in terms of sexual attraction? Hell no. Were they the "only ones I could get?" Also no. And guess what? They weren't unattractive at all. Does it chafe sometimes that I'm not a big shot? Of course. But life goes on and just because you're not a movie star doesn't mean you don't get to have an awesome life.  So go have an awesome life.
I should not have read this after reading about prions, because now I'm freaking out.
I'm sorry about whatever happened to you and whomever may have touched you.
You seem cool, but as others have said what are you doing to communicate that you're interested in commitment? There's a market of guys out there who are into that, although yeah you run the risk of finding a douche willing to say what you want to hear to sleep with you or some lunk who thinks he wants marriage because he's infatuated with you.   As a guy in a similar boat it's hard for me because most women I'm attracted to seem to be locked down in serious commitments already, and those that aren't either have kids from prior relationships (don't want), are just looking for hook-ups (not my bag), or are looking for "Mr. Right" and aren't willing to compromise in the name of mutual growth.  It's a numbers game, and I'm sorry it's bothering you so much. I can feel a variant of that frustration and yeah thank god we're happy in other areas of our lives. Still, good luck.
I work in a hospital. I know 20 guys offhand who can do that except one writes novels in his spare time, one plays the guitar, and one is a whiz at home improvement, one is really really buff, several are almost nurses making solid money with great emergency response skills, and so on down the list. Almost all of them have great girlfriends/wives.   I'm in a similar boat so understand I'm not saying this to shit on you-- "a good ability to help people when they are in need" is the bare fucking minimum for decent companionship in this world.
&gt;I haven't had a real girlfriend in a very long time, and a good sexual encounter in a long time. For the most part I'm ok with it and trying to get my shit together elsewhere, and my life isn't that bad.  Literally the very first thing I said. I also don't put women on pedestals. That's precisely why the problem is annoying-- my body and mind aren't on the same page.
&gt; 3) Being underpaid and under educated, solitary isolation is a tempting way to deal with a problem child until your shift is over. Then he's someone else's problem.  This is my biggest worry, because while banning Solitary is unambiguously A Good Thing I worry that in the long run it's going to contribute to the burnout of the few people willing to take on this difficult job.
For me it's more like "I know I'm ugly but maybe you're into that?"
At work I'm not really well-integrated nor respected, which is fine as I'm not really looking at it as a career, but it does leave me feeling isolated more often than not. I'm about to go in for 4 out of the next 5 days doing 12.5 hour shifts, and while it's far from the worst job I've had it's going to involve a lot of twilight isolation.   And I started school and while I'm happy with my participation, I feel very out of step and challenged by the social aspect. I'm older so I've got the 21 Jump Street problem where the younger students are visibly less mature but more in-tune with modern education, which is fine but leaves me feeling on the outside and before you ask **no** there are not other older students in these particular classes in the same boat. It's also annoying because I'm a natural shit-stirrer and loud-mouth with little grit to back it up, so I'm suppressing my instincts as experience has taught me that running my mouth doesn't collaborate well and ends with me being humiliated.  Thanks for listening. I really appreciate it.
Yeah I tend to be pretty avoidant, but at work I think it's because I have a hard time reading other people's needs/demands, a harder time doing smalltalk in an office where I'm an extreme gender minority (often the only guy on a staff of 16), so it's easier to let other people come to me with what they want while I manage my own corner.
If you're located anywhere near me I'm down. EST?   (I know you were being facetious)
Depending on the end, that's surprisingly doable. I'm a beast to the East. Springsteen country.
&gt;  You probably look hot jogging on a treadmill and if you don't yet you will.  Challenge absolutely accepted. I'm like a bag of bowling balls that wheezes.
Oh puppy I told you stuff that nerdy girls I've known dig in their men. Develop it now because you never know when you'll run into someone who can appreciate it.
Literally no one but me knows who these men are
Literally autistic here. I don't feel your advice applies.   Most of where I go I'm relegated to having to eat shit because I can't fight back. If I'm on the internet and holed up I can at least make headway in contributing to the world and don't have to be made to feel like crap for existing. "In the garage, I feel safe. No one cares about my ways. In the garage where I belong. No one hears me sing this song."   "Oh but you know the song is a metaphor for teenage insecurity, awkwardness, and unrefinement and how we all have to grow out of that eventually..."  Literally autistic, remember? I was struggling against that current for over two decades to little headway. Being a recluse and using the internet as my window to the world seems to be the only solution that's working now that I'm leaning into it.
Well like I said they're great "general Captain America" lines, but closer to the version of comics Cap where he's usually portrayed in his 40s.  Chris Evans' Cap seems more like he's 28-30, so what are written as world-weary authoritative lines come across as posturing instead of commanding.   And hello spectrum friend. We are indeed everywhere on the internet.
&gt; Daniel Henney  I am spending way more time than I thought checking out Asian beefcakes today.
&gt;  Introversion is the new label for quiet egoists, who want to hug themselves for being so sensitive.  I know I'm not the only one but it still feels vindicating to remember other people see this too. Hugbox time!
I'm a really hardcore fan, and Marvel has only made one true-blue casting misfire of an established character in their entire mega-franchise so far: Krysten Ritter as Jessica Jones.  Everyone else has hit their mark to varying degrees. *Everyone*. Trust in Marvel, they have earned it.
I predate 4chan by as many aeons as 4chan does these whelps. The channers were weak in my day. We called them "the board that eats itself." They were little more than runoff vermin too weak to proliferate anywhere else.   I come from an older time, and there are times older still. Primordial boards of shadow boards and pure text. Such gods are still rumored to walk among us.
I've worked in hospitals and seen how people can die. Believe me, overdose on anesthesia is near the top of the list of best ways to go.
I remember a friend having a book version of this around 98 or so. Man it has been a while.
Nah. Just uncle Reinhardt
Then your school kind-of sucked because the one I went to had us getting our shit together at 16. That way we weren't blindsided our senior year.
I watched it for the first time out of raw curiosity a few months ago, and it didn't work out well. It's not bad, it's not good, it's just dull, which is the worst thing a campy (no pun intended) movie can be.
&gt; Steven S. DeKnight  He's a writer. He's got 4 other directing credits to his name and they're all episodes of TV shows.   Speaking as a giant Buffy/Angel fan who was watching episodes he wrote/directed literally this morning (Why We Fight and Shells)--I have no faith in his ability to direct a tentpole blockbuster.
&gt;Knowing that those responsible got away with it scott free and are now forever beyond my reach has been the source of more suffering by far than the stuff they actually said and did at the time. It has undermined my belief in justice and left me feeling like I am uniquely okay to mistreat, where others are not.  First, let me say that I relate to this 100%. What keeps me up during the bad nights aren't what people said, or did, nor even that I didn't fight back, it's knowing that there was and is no recourse. The sense of disempowerment is so thick it threatens to suffocate. Whether you believe me or not, *I get it*.   &gt;The reason aspies continue to be a popular target for harassment and violence is because there are not sufficiently severe consequences for it.  &gt;This creates the perception that we are an acceptable target for humiliation and violence. I think the only way to counter that is a series of high profile, successful prosecutions of NTs for bullying persons on the spectrum, with consequences that last their entire lives (just like the effects of their bullying).  Going to stress again, I agree with you.  But you're describing a "what", not a "how." I am not a lawyer, but I imagine there's a lot more to deterring bullying than establishing precedent. For one the legal eagle in my family is always fond of saying "it's not about what happened, it's about what you can prove," which of course means that prosecution attempts can be reversed. Not being defeatist, just saying if you want this sort of strategy it requires the grieved parties to have their shit on lock, and in case you haven't noticed co-ordinating Aspies is like herding cats.   &gt;For this reason I would urge anyone here to pursue prosecution in cases of bullying that constitute criminal acts, to the furthest extent you are financially and legally able to. Bite deeply and hard. Take the proverbial "pound of flesh", so that bullies can experience some of the suffering they have caused and to stay the hands and lips of would-be bullies in the future.  This really is going to sound defeatist but all you have here is sentiment.   Do you know who the worst bullies I've had have been? People who feel insulated by their money and status. Status can be a paper tiger that just requires careful maneuvering and strong allies, but you can't fake the power of money, and when status *isn't* smoke and mirrors it's like swimming upstream--a lot of work for little headway.  If you truly want to combat bullying you also want to combat the notion of privilege and class, and to do that you're fighting against base institutions of humanity going back to pre-recorded civilization. While it's commendable to want to improve the lot for all ND individuals like us who have needlessly suffered, creating a privilege for NDs requires leverage that many are never going to have.  That's not to say "suck it up and take it" or "every man for himself," but I find the best good can be done through indirect means of subterfuge rather than trying to publicly challenge anyone in a legal arena. Sun Tzu's sentiment in "The Art of War" basically says as much-- if you are fighting directly and in the open you are either 100% sure of victory or you have no other choice, and if you have no other choice you have fucking failed at war.
&gt;Yeah, cause recasting The Hulk was such a problem.  The Hulk was a special case and you know it, being by far the most well-known MCU hero pre-MCU and having had multiple adaptations in one decade with multiple actors. When Marvel Studios can stick the landing after losing RDJ, then we'll talk.   I know you said /s but come on.   &gt; I think if it makes sense to bring Red Skull back, they should do it with an actor who WANTS to be Red Skull. I am so sick of the "ew but the make-up" actors (I am looking at you Mystique). I would rather have an actor who wants the role than a "star" who doesn't, for whatever reason.  Ok you have no clue how uncomfortable makeup can be.   Have you ever been on a stage or in front of a camera? Between the costumes, and lights the heat is *intense*. Concealing the sweat is a real thing, and there is very little actual glamour or comfort when in actor is in the thick of their craft.   Now compound that with glued-on rubber/plastic/gel/silicon prosthetics and heavy greasy paint that requires you to not only sit in a chair for hours on end every single day for months. You can't sit or eat or relax while you're in the gear. You have to endure endless touch-ups. Now imagine you're doing all that except you're also functionally naked.  It is bullshit the way practical considerations like politics or logistics get in the way of making a good movie, but as far as bones to pick makeup is low on the scale.   "BUT THEY MAKE SO MUCH MONEY..." so the fuck what? Money is on perceived value, not as compensation for torturous conditions. We pay Doctors for the sum total of their intelligence and training, not because we expect them to perform all of their care in unbearable conditions. They might have to, but that's not why we pay them so highly.
That's called "most of Star Trek."  -- from a big Trek fan.
&gt; In hindsight, you're probably spot on.   I'm a Sanders voter in a liberal coastal part of the US. Cities of hipsters with dyed hair, huge support for gays and minorities, the works. Literally three blocks from my residence is a church with a giant TRUMP banner and I've had to listen to several assholes at work drone on and on about Trump daily for the last year.   Euro-Americans tend to be those who aren't afraid of actual leftist policy instead of the center-right "false left" the US Democrats pimp. They were probably what created that perception that he was so popular.
I find that if they aren't talking about what they do and rely on testimonies, then they're just scam artists, UCLA connection or not.  In my experience programs like this tend to target the desperate--parents and Aspies alike. The need for a standardized curriculum tends to force a "lowest common denominator" and "slowest first" attitude towards skills training that often makes such a program a very bad value for anyone other than the worst cases.   *But* these programs force a sense of community and camaraderie in the same sense that no one pays good money to see a movie because they want it to be a waste of their time, so there are lots of little tricks that can be employed to give the perception of short-term gains that last long enough that the bloom on the rose isn't lost until far after time to give a testimonial.   In my experience what's actually needed for anyone with AS to develop social skills is consistent feedback from a third party, ideally one who can view the social interaction via recording or stealth position and give feedback. That's extremely unrealistic though, so people try to settle for the idea that by spending time locked up and teaching the slowest three kids in the room to wear deodorant and that eye contact is necessary to communicate with NTs is the same as making progress (hint: it's just the illusion of superiority because "hey I guess I'm not that bad look I can make eye contact for a minute that's awesome.")
I don't have to imagine it. I lived it.
I've used the "0" with a slash to denote a clear way to differentiate "Zero" from the letter "O" in physical writing. An older drafting teacher taught that to me.   These bands are likely just doing a variant on "l33t" speak where they replace a "E" with a "3" and so forth.
East Coaster-- What the hell is a Hastings and holy crap there's an actual comic book store chain somewhere?
I'm a reasonably frequent theater-goer and I've only had one half-sour experience in the last 16 years of going to the theater.  That experience was when a group of special-needs adults were in the third row of a Marvel movie and several had trouble keeping quiet. It was distracting at times, but their handlers visibly herded out anyone who was being loud and as the movie progressed they became quiet.   I'd say the best way to avoid a bad experience is to know what you're seeing and plan to see it at a non-peak hour. If your movie is the big opening release that week, avoid showings where you can expect teenagers and/or young children (late and early, respectively). The 7-9 pm shows can have a bad draw but are largely more for couples. Early showings, showings on weekdays, and midnight showings are almost always safe bets.   Also know the theater. Don't go to the one in a rougher part of town, or dollar theater, unless you're prepared for there to be more potential for interruption. Go to the boring theaters.
&gt; Sex....well she has the sex drive of a paperclip and I'm on the other end of the spectrum more or less so weight aside this has most always (except in the beginning) been an issue. Date nights....I mean honestly it is very hard....she just takes no pride in her appearance whatsoever. We were heading out to eat sat night and I literally made her go change because she just threw the most random shit on (yoga pants, a t-shirt she sleeps in, and boots). Now I'm not dressed to the nine but I did put on a decent button up shirt as opposed to just some random t-shirt. It has come down to where I don't want to go out with her because of things like that and her desire to take 0 effort to look half decent for me.  She sounds clinically depressed. She should get that looked into.
Yeah I played those and this looks boring compared to them
Doing something is tantamount to doing nothing when you have depression. Imploring action is useless.
&gt; The most depressing part to me is how a child with so much innocence and pure joy in the world has to experience dread and terror like that in his last moments.   Sadly it's not mysterious. There was a chain of lapses in responsibility and judgment that led to this:  1. Attend a park with fresh water that was not being maintained enough, evidently  2. Sit yourselves near a body of fresh water with a "no swimming sign" in a state known for freshwater predators, assuming the park has everything under control  3. Let the child go unattended into the water, which is a human flaw to make but sadly fatal in this case  No mystery. Just sadness. Cosmically there's no justification for it because there is no cosmic justification for anything. Merely cause and effect.  My deepest sympathies are with the parents.
That kid actor and the writing really wasted a perfectly good Scott Bakula cameo.   Sorry to the kid though, acting is tough and I imagine it's hard to not over-emote on a busy bright set.
Oh huh, this guy is still making videos. Can't deny that it doesn't get him views.   I remember finding them kind-of fun from a total non-hobbyist perspective several years ago until he started making the videos naked attempts to get himself laid. Then it finally clicked that he wasn't really a dork, he was a snake in dork's clothing, and most of the "real stories" in these vids should be taken with a massive grain of salt.
I've had success with Winston IF there is another hero nearby with any kind of splash damage or concentrated fire like Soldier 76, Junkrat, Pharah, Lucio, or Symmetra.
"I might be in prison for a while"  "Just take the trash out as you leave"  "I'm in kind-of a hurry"  "Fine."  "Mail me pictures of the kids as they grow up!"
I once took a college course on science journalism.  The professor's entire thesis was "if you read anything about science in the news, especially breakthroughs/discoveries, assume they're bullshit." That's not a reduction either. That is what he literally told us. Multiple times.   In other words, don't put stock into it. Interesting theory though.
