I am blind, disregard
I don't live in a bubble, I live in Detroit lmao
Almost every morning ask for the weather for the day while still in bed. Setting alarms, timers, and reminders. Most useful to use while connected hands free over Bluetooth in my car- use it to listen to texts, place calls, and even set navigation. Have always wished that Siri would be used with Spotify, but looking forward to apple music to finally make use of this
I don't think he's leaving Chicago at all but I would love him in Pistons blue. He's the next Paul George type player in our league
Great prices! Hope you had fun
still in mi-ah-mi - drake
I have been "that guy" before that has batted at 11, didn't bowl, and wandered about in the outfield for 50 overs. Dropped a catch that game too I believe.
Damn it's so much fun to have Lebron on your team
I understand that there is always going to be more money around the corner, but if someone offered 100 MILLION why not just take it and run? Is there really that much of a difference between 100 and maybe 150 million?! Or maybe I'm just poor and don't understand these big boy numbers haha
I'm on a 6+ and had to scroll way too long to read that
Man BJ was having such a good season before the injury. I feel terrible about what happened and I'm pretty pissed that we have most likely moved on with Reggie Jackson as his replacement
Forget pan shop. Saw annoying "crowding" phenomenon where people behind you will just stick out cash/documents to the person working at airport immigration (behind some shocked firangi no less), temples, resteraunts... Everywhere
why would you bring this back up...i literally just got over it
Congrats man
I'm just saying that I know if I lived in Sydney and Dhoni was playing I'd be much more willing to go to a game. I'm sure there's plenty of Indian fans just like that in Australia
people have been saying 'caaatch iiiiiit' for as long as i remember i think its almost a natural reflex at this point. i even yell it at my tv thousands of miles away lol
As his fantasy owner this is incredibly frustrating
I was at the GSW game and the amount of people in curry jerseys, GSW hats etc was unreal. Did they really spend ~200$ on an outfit to wear once because these didn't seem like your typical "fans of the NBA". On behind me even said "yeah steph!!!" when thomspon scored on more than one occasion..,,
After that bfast he eats a huge lunch like 3 hrs after
Damn I love SVG, so happy he is part of the Pistons. I think shit like this is the reason he demanded being GM and coach here in detroit
As a med student I study there every day ..it's an excellent facility but we do get slightly annoyed when it fills up with undergrads hehe
KILLING my fantasy team
Also helps to have a dad that played in the NBA that passed down not only insane genes but also incredible financial security, insight into the game, and growing up around ballers constantly   Not hating on curry, he's my favorite player now, but he is nothing average at all. A guy like Lebron may have hit the genetic lottery but his come up was probably 100x more difficult than curry's
Podium makes such a huge difference. Behind a podium I'm so confident. I begin to sweat a little when it's not there
me the last few days on r/nba   http://replygif.net/1388
It's in auburn hills, about 35 min away.
Chennai match probably the biggest heartbreak I've had in my life  Actually scratch that final of the 2003 WC still gives me nightmares
He was out of the team for a while
I'm weary about shami after all these injuries. Hope he recovers but it will be tough for an athlete to come back to full form after being out for so long
We whooped South Africa at home
Thank god, leaves a spot open for Drummond  He needs as much exposure to these top athletes as possible (all while staying in Detroit of course)
We don't even kiss our wives or children
I've lived here for almost all my life. For every person who loves their job there are 100 who absolutely hate it. And even if you love your job, we are still looking for that paycheck on the 1st and the 15th. Majority of the country lived paycheck to paycheck and is up to eyeballs in debt because of student loans, car payments, credit card bills, mortgages etc....
Crazy how much India/SC has changed over just my life time. Warne used to import baked beans from Australia for long tours. Delhi belly was a common occurrence. Stadium stands used to be concrete slabs exposed to all the elements, built solely to pack as many people as possible  Now top athletes flock to India to play every year, get paid millions, stay in the swankiest hotels and have access to pretty much all of the comforts of home (and more?)
My parents used to tell me that Allah cared more about cricket than Krishna back in the 90s, that's why we always lost lol
Born in Chennai but most of my life have lived abroad. Love America but love India more than a normal kid that has grown up outside of the country. On some level feel an identity crisis- am I American? Or am I Indian? I don't feel like I fit in 100% in either place  Parents are moving back soon. Biggest fear is that I lose all connection to the country of my birth.
We're fucking vegetarian haha
No but it's awesome to know that 2 of my favorite players/role models exploded onto the scene on my birthday
We love Dan in the D.
Detroit  You know you love those low key markets Jeremy
Probably gonna sell em to some poor guy on Craigslist
Fuck. Just landed in Chicago after leaving Chennai and I miss it already.
Same here Stuey
Watching India in India is amazing. There is something special about it for sure. Saw an ODI (India v WI 2011 World Cup) and a test (this past Chennai test). Day 5 of the Chennai test was AMAZING to be a part of.  Australia - the SCG is amazing but the game I went to ended up being shit (SA vs SL in the 2015 World Cup). Expensive and bad food. But awesome with regards to history etc. love the statues around the stadium.   NZ - the fans are a lot of fun. The sledging is good hearted, passionate, yet almost cute in a way lol. Went to two pretty record breaking games - Guptill's double century match in Wellington and NZ vs SA semi final in Auckland. That six from Elliot in that game might be the best sporting moment that I have been a part of  WI - my first real cricket experience. India vs SL 2007 WC. I still remember walking into the stadium and seeing it open up in front of me, it took my breath away. Heartbreaking match but one of mg all time favorite experiences to see my heroes in the flesh.   Looking ahead I'm pumped for the 2019 WC in England as I'll have a chance to tick that off. If the timings work out I'll try and go to Wimbledon too. Also interested to going to a few T20s, specifically IPL
Fleming was the first pick off the top of my head, but he has an average of 40.06. I remember vaguely cheering for him to get a certain amount of runs in his last inning to stay in the 40+ club and looks like he barely held on
Tbh no it's not of you wanna maintain a good lifestyle. Sure if you are gonna live like a lower middle class to middle class person in a developing country like SA (not sure of the COL) or India, maybe you might be able to stretch it. But if you wanna have certain luxuries that I think athletes should be entitled to, no way can that last.   I'm an American. Here athletes get ridiculously fat contracts. Guys getting 80million over 5 years are still regarded as underpaid. Steph Curry is on a 4 year 44 million dollar deal and is considered an absolute steal. Cricket is a different game, but attracts far more raw number of viewers, has shit ton of sponsors, and TV deals go for crazy amounts of money. These guys should be paid more than a partly 130k or whatever. Apart from the boy hood dreams of representing the country and playing a game you love, what is the motivation for these guys to sacrifice their bodies and careers (and struggle in supporting families) if they only get paid this much at the absolute highest level of the game? Why not just become an accountant, or an engineer which has much better odds and better salaries from the looks of it?  Regarding jobs after playing. How many actually go on to become commentators? Maybe a handful every generation of players. Coaches? Even less so. If I remember correctly Lou Vincent has been painting houses since retirement. I can't even imagine a mid tier athlete here having to do that unless they made terrible financial decisions and went broke (which happens fairly often tho)
I know. I was kind of adding on to it/showing my opinion
As a CSK fan Alblie will always have a special place in my heart
I legit still have nightmares
he's been our batting coach for years now
