I would totally do that, but I'd end up looking like a cancer patient.
Minneapolis checking in. The combination of good pay, affordable housing, and top notch public education is pretty damn awesome.
No one has tried sticking my penis in a bucket of popcorn.
Rob, best friend of Barry Potter. He has a sister named Jenny, twin brothers named Gerald and Frank.
Kyatchi in Minneapolis.
I think about when I should stop the microwave. Why wait when you can pull the handle with 2 second left?
To my backyard to drink a beer and smoke a cigarette.
I'm Vietnamese and this is how my mom always did it when we were kids. I agree that the whole baguette should be baked in the oven until just crisp.   Frying the sardines helps to caramelize them and the tomatoes. It deepens the flavor without making the sardines too soft.
How to use time outs properly. You tell them they're in a time out, usually a minute for every year of age. After the time is done, tell them time out is over and then leave the room. Do not talk to them about it and give them attention. Make them be the one to come back out and rejoin the family. The anxiety and other feelings act as the future deterrent.   I learned this from a psychiatrist who has worked for decades with children who have severe behavioral issues. It makes a hell of a lot of sense, and it has worked wonders with my kid who does not have severe issues.
My family emigrated here when I was 5 years old. I didn't know a single word of English. In one summer of watching Sesame street, I learned enough to start kindergarten.
I've gone my whole life thinking it was Cutter. In my defense, I haven't seen PCU since the mid 90s when it was out on Pay Per View and we had a descrambler box :)
I was playing RDR the other day, and had just gotten past the part where Irish lies about the location of the gatling and you end up slaughtering a bunch of guys. I whistled for my horse and instead of taking the road down to me, it launched itself off the cliff above and landed on me and killed me.
I would position myself toward the ends where the fan would stop for just a fraction longer. So good.
It'd be great if more companies granted the same maternity/paternity benefits to those who are adopting. My company allows 10 days of leave for adoption. TEN. And if you and your spouse both work there, it gets split between the two of you.
It's the humidity that I can't handle. I actually just bought a huge Lasko 20" Cyclone fan. The thing is a beast and I'm probably not going to need to turn on my AC until it hits about 90 degrees indoors.
I'm in Minnesota. We were immigrants and didn't have a whole lot of money. When we finally got an A/C window unit, our whole family slept together on the floor in front of it.
I'm like that in a car. Need to have the fan blowing.
I matched mself. Not my wife, or any of my best friends. Myself. You bet I posted it.
I have literally never liked one of my own posts. And I comment on my own posts in response to other people. You know, like a conversation. Douche-tastic.
My mother and I escaped Vietnam by rickety boat in the middle of the night. We arrived at a refugee camp where we stayed for closer to a year while we waited for our paperwork to clear. My mom worked at the camp, and we scraped by with what we could.   Long story short, fuck these guys.
My wife and I are in the process of becoming foster parents and hopefully adopting a child from the foster system. I can read all of the stories in the world, but seeing this video really hits me hard.
Look for your crush's number in a phone book. Dial each one with the same last name until you get the right one. Ask the man on the other end to talk to his daughter. Crush gets on the phone, and awkward cringe filled small talk for about 30 seconds. Hope she doesn't tell anyone else. Paranoid at school for the next few months. Randomly relive the horror for the rest of your life.
I put the URL into the search box, and nothing came up. I didn't feel like sifting through all the submissions to see if this was already submitted.
He currently lives in Maple Grove, a 2nd ring suburb of Minneapolis.
Also, the alcoholism.
My ovaries just exploded. I'm a guy.
&gt;Had a guy throw his cigarettes at me because they were the wrong ones. I laid the box on the counter, he picked them up, and threw them at me, hitting me in the chest and said "I SAID GOLD, MORON."  I want to get a part time job in retail again, just to put someone in their place. I used to work in a high end kitchen store (think Williams-Sonoma but even snootier clientele). We never had to take shit from customers because the owner would often work the floor with us and would kick shitty customers out and even ban them. My favorite thing was when customers would throw their credit cards or money on the counter instead of handing it to me. After the transaction I would give them their card or change back in the same manner.
It's always disconcerting to me that I can do everything right in life, and in a split second a Corvette might fly through the air, hit my car, and kill my family. Just like that.
Beef jerky. I'll eat an entire Costco bag of it in one sitting.
I've never stolen chips or fries from anyone. Ever. What this guy did was unprofessional.
"Yoooo, you're a grown ass man!"  That's right motherfucker. Don't ever forget that.
My kid can't tell the difference between 10 minutes and 7 minutes.
Date me Anne, I'm single.
"Coach, I'm paralyzed due to my sports accident."  "We have a shot that can cure that."  "Of cortisone?"  "...Yes. Cortisone. Of course."
Two scenes stand out for me:  - Will Ferrell shooting himself in the neck with a dart gun in Old School.  - James Franco and Danny McBride fighting about the porno mag in This Is The End.
Having a kid. I look back at the days before, and wonder what I was so busy doing.
I'm a 35 year old Vietnamese immigrant who came here at the age of 5. One of my earliest memories is playing in the Minnesota snow. I was outside in the middle of winter, running around without a jacket. For some inexplicable reason, I've stayed here ever since.
Dad was stoned.  Edit: Obligatory thanks for the gold! My highest comment consisted of 3 words. Who would have thought?
Coffee for breakfast.  Water with lunch.  Beer or wine with dinner.
It depends on the kid and the parents. We took our 4 year old on a plane ride from Minneapolis to DC a couple of months ago. We downloaded 4 movies onto the iPad, got some Bluetooth headphones, and she was occupied for the entire flight there and back.
My first exposure to his music was in Good Will Hunting. No Name #3.
Outliving my daughter.
Karatee. I'm not making that up.
Relatively inexpensive, but I'd recommend a cast iron griddle. They're usually reversible with grates on one side and flat on the other. It goes right over your burners. I cook 75% of my food on it.
Do your parents know you're gay?
I need the Big Poppa pillow.
Coding. I'm not a dumb person, but I can't seem to do any coding. Any ideas?
There were tickets available earlier this week for $60. I was interested until I read the forecast. FUCK THAT SHIT. I'm going to be watching at home, eating chili and drinking beer.
Waking up with a kink in your neck.
Depends on the city. Here in Minneapolis we have several hospitals throughout the city, and many more clinics and urgent care centers. I'd be surprised if I ever have to wait more than 15 minutes to get treatment in an actual emergency.
