I've reported this to the mods because you deliberately lied in your title
You say you're curious, but I doubt if you would believe me, because it doesn't fit into your world view ... also there's this undercurrent to your comments which kind of implies that I should stay silent and let biologically male people have the last word on what it means to be a woman, and that I shouldn't question them when they are seemingly talking nonsense
1) It's interesting that when I join discussions on this subject and disagree with people who share your views, you interpret that as some degree of ''hate'', and yet when you join discussions on this subject and disagree with people, your motives are all noble, to ''educate'' and to stand up for your rights ... you asked why I discuss this subject, but would you believe that I have the same motives as you? I also have a vested interest in correcting the misinformation that people spread around, because I believe that the social changes which some people are advocating for will ultimately be detrimental to biologically female people, and I have seen how biologically female people are being bullied into silence.  2) Many people, both male and female, suffer terribly with depression/anxiety/mood swings/all kinds of mental distress, and we do not know if their brains would function better with a different hormone balance, because it's not as simple as you seem to think, just going to an endocrinologist and trying different hormones ... for most people, quite apart from the health risks, they would be very distressed at the physical changes to their body which the hormones caused ... but for transgender people, of course, they are very pleased with the physical changes to their body, and how can you be sure that *that* is not what is causing them to be happier?  3) Phantom limb syndrome is the feeling that a limb is physically present  ... it is not the same as wishing you were the opposite sex.  4) First off, I have heard plenty of biologically female people talk about how they are not at all happy with the suffering that their hormones and reproductive system cause them, and some quite deeply resent being female, and yet they do not wish to be male, and they accept that they are female, so no, your definition wouldn't include them, it would insult them, if you think a woman is someone who feels a certain way about being female. And secondly, we have no idea how each person's brain would have liked being born into a body of the opposite sex ... a person could be totally accepting that they are one sex, and if they had been born the opposite sex with that same brain, they might be totally accepting of that too.  And if labels aren't important, what are you doing trying to get people to use different labels for others?
1) I have no idea if I have changed anyone's mind about anything on this subject - certainly not the people who are arguing with me, but I wouldn't expect to ever change their minds, only perhaps give silent readers something to think about. You're right though, that this issue doesn't affect me in my normal everyday life, and it's only online that I argue about it. I argue about a lot of things online, I do enjoy giving myself permission to express my views when others are trying to silence me.  I can tell you the incident which drew me into taking notice of this issue: I have never been very interested in feminism, but I was curious about what was causing such a major rift in the feminist subreddits, and I went to one of the many new 'true feminist' subreddits to ask about it ... I was told that some feminists don't accept transgender women as 'real women' and in an effort to try to resolve the problem, I very naively made a comment which I thought would be a starting point which everyone could agree on: ''There's a difference between transgender women and women who were born female'' ... I know now of course how naive this was, to think they would agree with that, but at the time I was shocked at the amount of hostility it incurred - I was called ''asshole'' by a moderator of the subreddit, and by the end of the day I was banned.  It intrigued me, partly because I find the concept of gender identity interesting, and partly because I started to discover a rather disturbing new movement within feminism ... it disturbed me to think that feminist forums are being taken over by biologically male people, and that biologically male people are bullying biologically female people into silence, and that biologically male people are kicking biologically female people out of ''women's'' forums if they dare to question the new gender politics.  So while it doesn't affect my normal everyday life in the real world, it disturbs my mind in the internet world, knowing that these extremists are taking over feminism and that it will eventually affect the real world, to the detriment of biologically female people ... and you're right, the transsexist agenda is happening and will continue to happen whether or not I argue about it online. But I still enjoy giving myself permission to express my views when others are trying to silence me.  2) I think you misunderstood this - you asked me to do some soul searching and tell you where my feelings about my body image came from, and I told you - I was speaking for myself, I wasn't trying to imply that this is the same for anyone else.  Maybe you could go back and read that paragraph again, knowing that I was speaking only for myself, and not imposing anything on you, and it might read very differently.  Clearly we both have a very different feeling about where our ''gender identity'' came from, and I think it is quite possible that one's sense of gender *can* arise from different sources - a combination of innate feeling and learned view, with varying ratio of each factor in different people ... there's no way of knowing how either of us would have felt if we had been born the opposite sex, so it remains speculative and probably impossible to imagine.  3) It doesn't matter *why* some biologically female people don't like being female, the point is that your definition of 'woman' doesn't comfortably include them, it pushes them out to the fringes of womanliness in your view, and that is not a satisfactory definition, especially when you start hinting that they might not really be women in your world view, if they are less than happy with their reproductive organs.  4) If your definition of a 'female brain' is 'the brain of a person who thinks they should be female' then you are using circular reasoning to use David Reimer as some kind of support for your assertion, because it boils down to ''the brain of a person who thinks they should be female thinks they should be female'' ... there's no such thing as a 'female brain' outside the definition ''brain of a biologically female person''.  One thing which would totally change my mind on that is if they discovered that it was possible to examine a brain and tell what gender the person would identify as, but so far all the studies have suggested that this is not the case - if a brain expert looked at a brain, they would not be able to tell what gender identity the person has.  Biologically speaking, if a person is born male, then they have a male brain.
I like Bran Flakes, but maybe it's the brand you are eating - what brand are they? I only like Kellogg's, and once I tried Sainsbury's own brand and they were quite unpleasant in comparison, like shredded cardboard
This required some racking of brains, to include jeans which haven't actually been worn for several decades, as well as current favourites ... I think it's about 5 pairs, possibly 6
It's against the rules because I wasn't challenging your fundamental view, but possibly bolstering it ... I've been in trouble with the mods before over this very act of 'challenging part of a view' which doesn't challenge the core of it ... they explained that I can't correct people's misunderstandings of biology, even if it would change their view of biology.
Parents usually buy clothes which have plenty of growing room in ... also just remembered something else: having to allow time for the tedious job of sewing a name tag in every single item of clothing
I've never liked claret and blue together - it would be nice if they got a new colour scheme when they move to the new stadium ... if I was in charge they would get a gorgeous dark red kit
I wasn't sure what to do - whether to call for everyone to edit their numbers or whether to delete them - so since it was only a few numbers I deleted them, but I can call for an edit in future if you think it's the best thing :)
I love that programme but I always miss it because I'm in the kitchen washing dishes - husband keeps calling me to come and look at all these brilliant sheds
At the age of 19, got a joint mortgage with my partner, we bought a house
I've never heard a story where that was the case, that they were happy with the gender role assigned to them while being unhappy with their sexual organs.
Surely you can answer your own question then - the answer could be as simple as ''I don't want to, I prefer different artwork as my screen background'' ... I have never used photographs of people as my screen background, I simply don't like the look of it
Yeah, of course people say I'm short, but I've always assumed they are affectionately joking ... like when my son towers over me and says ''You're so *short!!*'' ... it's not like I'm really too short for this world, only relatively short
Oh well I wasn't trying to claim that ours isn't strange ... I'll just be over here, sitting in this hole that I'm digging
I used to enjoy it until Adam Hills started turning into Jeremy Kyle ... he seems to get more smug and self-righteous with every show now ... went off the show last series when WBC called his bluff and he chickened out of the deal he threw at them
Ah that's interesting, how that happened - yes, I'm looking forward to seeing the bright yellow and green crests all over the subreddit next season - and looking forward to getting me a Bournemouth crest! I'm not a proper fan, but was quietly cheering for them all last season and got so excited when they got promoted for the first time ever :)
We went on holiday a couple of weeks ago, a few days at Center Parcs, and I fulfilled my dream to go on the Tropical Cyclone ride - a water flume where you sit in a dinghy and it goes almost vertical as it slooshes around the tube - it was brilliant fun, and no queue so we went on it 5 times :D
I've never thought about that before, since I have always known where I am on the map when I first get on the train, but now you mention it, I suppose it would be useful for tourists and anyone who isn't familiar with the system ... maybe you could suggest it to their head office
We don't have a container, we just throw it all in a heap, and when plants grow out of it, I dig them out and throw them on the top to dry out ... we always have potato plants growing from the peelings which I throw on it
Last season I was wondering what the title of the music was which Burnley played after a goal - I recognised the tune but didn't know the title - I found a forum where some people were discussing it and someone was complaining about it - someone else repled ''Don't worry, you won't have to hear it much this year'' haha
I'm pretty sure I've used that word, like ''These tea bags are Tescos's own brand''
old enough - born in 1963
You have no idea what I'm ''trying to display'' though ... I make no claims of superior intelligence ... and yes, I'm old enough to be as immature as I like and to not feel compelled to please strangers on the internet :)
Oh wheepete, you did make me laugh :D  I'm really looking forward to this, hoping to be able to find a stream so I can watch a bit of it - it could be a great game if both sides are on good form
haha I could hardly hate you for pointing out that Bournemouth concede a lot of goals - sometimes when choosing a captain for my fantasy team I just look to see who Bournemouth are playing - wishing I had captained Payet this week
Dammit I didn't even realise there was a MOTD on until it was too late ... but on the bright side, now I can watch it when it comes out on iplayer and fast forward through the chat
It really made me laugh the other day when I came in and saw the Bournemouth vs West Ham pre-match thread was titled 'The moonflower derby' haha - and what a great game it turned out to be too!
haha yeah this week has been a bit of a disaster so far - used the Bench Boost chip and got a grand total of 10 extra points to make 39! Still got 3 more players to play tomorrow night though - half a dozen goals from Ighalo and a clean sheet from Watford should do it ... anyway I  congratulate you for triple captaining Aguero :)
Aww sweet, and you're still my Greatest Rival on fpl
And here was me feeling all nice and welcomed by the r/hammers community, and you have come along and ruined the illusion ... my only consolation is that I would probably be even less welcome in the r/gunners community
I got one too, from /u/dmandalegend which was bizarre since I posted a video of the Newcastle version - I assume he just sent a message to everyone who posted in this thread, without reading what anyone had said
Am I not 'the right sort' to go to Upton Park and cheer for West Ham?
Yes I am very defensive, but to be fair, you did suggest I would prefer to go and sit with the ''awful fans'' ... and yes, I did make a comment when someone asked what the atmosphere around Upton Park was like before the game, and I said something like ''A bit grim, like thousands of miserable factory workers trudging in for a shift'' which was an exaggeration for comedy effect, and which went down like the proverbial lead balloon ... but I said nothing more than that, and if you think about it, you might even agree that it's hardly *festive* as thousands of people trudge out of the station and down the road, is it? It's probably like that around most big stadiums and thought it would be a good idea to warn him that he would be disappointed if he was expecting some kind of street party carnival atmosphere when people are just trying to get from A to B
I used my wildcard in the last round, and this is the squad I made:  GK: Gomes -- Butland     DEF: Koscielny -- Cresswell -- Alderweireld -- Nyom -- Dann       MID: Willian  -- Özil -- Mahrez -- Payet -- Arnautovic       FWD: Kane -- Ighalo -- Lukaku
They are a bit expensive - I did have various midfielders at different times but they tend to share the points rather than one getting most of the points
Because of the 10 minute time restriction? OK, fair enough ... I never downvote anyway, I only ever upvote
Is it acceptable if I insert a couple of asterisks and say that he called me a T\*\*F?
I only ban bots, but I do remove posts which are inappropriate - I haven't clicked the link, so could you elaborate as to why it needs to be removed?
Yeah you have, maybe you don't consciously remember but I'm pretty sure there's a lot more to your anger than my flair in another subreddit ... although, come to think of it, the anger you carry around with you has absolutely nothing to do with me at all
Yes, we established that earlier, several times, that my opinion is irrelevant to you, but it's a step forward that you now at least give me your permission to enjoy watching  football :)
Where did I make the claim of being a fan of any club? Maybe you read the thread where I repeatedly said that I am not claiming to be a fan of any club and you had some trouble understanding what that means?  And yeah I think he is pretty miserable - happy people don't say nasty things and tell people to get out just because they enjoy watching football without being a fan of one exclusive club.
I'm often wrong, so I don't know how I could possibly be acting as if I'm never wrong ... it's probably in your imagination, like a lot of the stuff you say about me
There's no ad hominem there, you made it very clear that I do not support West Ham in your mind, so I'm just stating the facts ... and there's a bit of a story behind the Bournemouth flair, but I don't want to tell you the story as if I'm up in court defending myself and defending my right to post in the subreddit ... I understand that some folks will always hate me for it and tell me to get out of this subreddit, I understand that you and they have a vastly different idea of what it means to support a team, and I'm not even claiming to be a ''proper fan'' so there's no need for me to even defend against your judgement
I know it's weird, but I really enjoy flattening the end of the toothpaste tube ... when it's nearly finished I run the bottom of a bottle over it to make it totally smooth and get all the toothpaste out ... and it's good for the others in the house too because they can enjoy recklessly squeezing from the middle
I don't deny anyone their identity, I don't have the power to do that ... also, I'm not a radical feminist, and if you call me any kind of troll again I will report you to the mods - your name calling is not appropriate for this subreddit.
Where did I say that transgenderism isn't a thing? Anyway, while I wait for you to find the evidence which doesn't exist, which will take you quite a long time, I'm reporting you to the mods because your hostility and name calling is inappropriate.
If you keep checking the box office website every few hours, they will release more tickets ... I've never stayed in the hotel at the ground, but if you are considering it, be aware that you won't be allowed in your room until very late at night after the match, and if you stay the night before, you have to vacate the room very early in the morning before the match, because they use the rooms for hospitality events and convert them to dining rooms.
There wasn't a choice when I ordered, they just sent them in the mail, but I think if it's too late to send them, then you have to collect them at the stadium ... I ordered online though, so if you have a reason to want to collect them in person, you could order by phone and explain the situation and maybe they would arrange that
