I'm not American so that's my excuse for not being able to identify 75% of the shit in that cart.
Man, half of my Canadian history classes were all about how hard we managed to fuck the natives. Maybe other peoples schools glossed over it but mine most definitely did not.
To be fair the survival rate of children 100 years ago without the medicine we have now wasnt great. My Amma grew up dirt poor in the depression and out of the 10 kids her parents had only 5 of them made it to adulthood. They were an extreme case but they were white so we cant blame it on cultural genocide.
Damnit, I never figured mental math cuming easily to me would be such an issue.
I can back this up. Im a bartender and were generally functional alcoholics and for some reason people love you even though you just pour drinks for a living.
I always thought my teachers were wholesome people until I was old enough to be friends with several teachers, you fuckers like to get drunk.
Google has been my tech support for years. The older members of my family are convinced I'm a computer genius when in reality I just know how to google shit. I have yet to correct them on that.
Everybody does eventually and there is nothing I can do to prevent by own inevitable death. Yeah it really sucks but I tend to not dwell on things I can't stop from happening. It is what it is.
Seriously, if I'm only getting laid that often then Ill just go hang out with dudes. The extra effort of a relationship is nowhere near worth it if I'm still stuck jerking myself in a pool of sexual frustration.
Do you start in August? Public schools in Canada go from beginning of september until nearly the end of June. Private schools often end in may but they generally give less days off and move at a quicker pace.
Happens to me all the time. Stupid French setting on Canadian keyboards.
I doubt you'd relate to no texting, had to call everybody on their land line or use dial-up internet to talk to them on like the original msn messenger.
Vasectomy surgeries are not always reversible, if your suggestion is something that can remove my ability to everbhave children then you are clearly delusional.
Drugs, Ive tried many of them and it's rare for a movie to portray their effects  properly.
Winter wonderland thankyou very much.
I remember doing hard labour, I could eat the diet of an obese person and be just dandy. Hit me hard when I stopped doing hard manual labour.
Yeah I unsubbed from the subreddit until I saw the finally as to avoid spoilers and some fuckwit ruined it in the comments of a totally related sub. I hope that guy gets chronic blue balls.
Even some M just makes me wanna have a cuddle puddle on a couch with some blankets and friends. Nothing about dancing seems fun to me at that moment. Too many strangers at the club that I cant hug but want to.
Yeah I grew up with that shit in Canada, opening those is like breathing for me, never occurred to me that people might need it explained.
Ive noticed that girls are more likely to wanna go and dance while rolling at a club while guys tend to wanna be in a quiter environment. I could be wrong but that's been my experience so far.
Plus when you live in such a stupidly sue happy country I'd also be filming it to cover my own ass when some assholes I saved tries to sue me for kicking in his door when his building is literally going up in flames.
Seriously, if my apartment was on fire and some guys kicked in my door and saved my dog they'd be getting beer bought for them. I don't understand people who would bitch about that. I love my dog, fuck my door, my door means nothing to me, my dog means a great deal to me though.
My father is a proud man and would hate nothing more in life to have his mind intact but need people to wipe his ass and clean his junk for him. If he was ever in an accident that bad I'd rather he die than live through that. More for his sake that mine, Id take care of him until he passed but Id know how ashamed he'd feel for every day of it.  Sometimes you wish death on a family member not for selfish reasons but because you cant bear to see them suffer as they do and you just want it to be over, for their sake.
Yeah my parents, despite making decent money have basically no savings and are now separated. There will be no retirement for them and they are too old to work and then they will have to move in with me. It angers me that I will have to sacrifice so many good years of my life because they decided they didnt need a retirement. I know it's selfish but I cant help how I feel about it.
I had this guy I went to highschool with who had a loaded grandfather who bought him a Papa Johns right out of highschool without having to pay him back and to his credit he didn't drive it under. His grandfather then buys him a second one pro bono. He comes back to town to visit and cant stop telling everybody he knew that people just need to buckle down and get their shit together in life. Would be nice to have family with enough money to pay my way to success.
Well I mean all the soap runs down there and my shower mat is a little spongy so during the shower its just filled with soap.
Yeah I live in a house of 4 people, only one of my roommates is a girl that the shower wall is always covered in them. And when the sink inevitably clogs she always seems clueless as to why she's the one expected to deal with it when its always a huge glob of her long hairs that gets pulled out.
Yeah my roommate does this but his girlfriend also seems to feel the need that if they are home at the same time they have to be spending time together. Moving in with an SO requires that youre comfortable not hanging out even if youre both home.
Shitting takes me like a minute, the following 20 minutes is so I'm left the fuck alone for a couple minutes.
Im 6"3 and not weak. If I tried to eat the calorie requirements of the average woman I'd become malnourished. I simply do need to eat more.
Not in his mind. For me the floor is where dirty things go and on top of the folding couch in my room is where all of my clean shit goes. Just because you deny doesnt mean I dont have a system.
Yeah I just dont like farting in front of people in general so I wouldnt fart in front of my SO, and since I hold those standards for myself I hold them for an SO as well. I do understand mindless accidental farts happen and you fart when you sleep but nothing turns me off faster than my girlfriend just knowingly letting it rip in front of me.
I'm apprenticing to be an electrician and employed by my city, plenty of people do it as a career as its very steady employment where I live and you cant beat a government pension. I also plan on specializing to increase my pay even more. I likely wont be rich as fuck but I'll be comfortable in life.
I'm a big guy, if I need to be dragged to safety I'd rather not have somebody need to call another person in to drag me to safety because we lowered physical standards and they are unable to do it themselves.
I couldnt live with myself if I just left them to rot in a government care home.
I dont know how much your schools phys ed program sucked but they had us good and sweaty once they had an hour to be through with us.
I've blasphemed against god in all manners and I'm actually in very good health. I guess I'll just have to wait for him to punish me in a very naturally explainable way that is contrary to all of the obviously direct deaths he as commanded.
Yeah I could deny my beliefs but in the end god would know I thought he was nothing but a fairy tale and that I was just faking it. So I might as well enjoy myself for he condemns me for a decision I had no choice in.
Yeah I hold  redpill mentality but I live in a liberal country and like half of my friends are gay. Holding a certain position on heterosexual relationships says absolutely nothing about my opinion on gay marriage. I'm actually extremely pro gay marriage, my country has had it legal for over a decade now.
Love for your home country and still having family there. Home is still home.
My friend group is diverse as well but we still have guys nights cause the dynamic does change once girls are tossed into the mix. Gotta censor ourselves.
Seriously, where I live we have literally the cleanest tap water in the world. I wanna smack anybody I see using a britta filter. Like shit, is it still not good enough?
Where in Canada? I go to bars all the the time and were rarely talking about the US.
I dont know the exact words but they are tendons in your knees. Really shitty to tear and take forever to heal. Often over years and some surgeries.
Scummy enough? What did you guys have to do to get booze? Here in Canada you'd just get a friends older sibling to buy it for you. Nothing scummy involved.
Please, we birthed him but its pretty clear who made him the beast he is today.
Ive been happily jerking it for free since day one. Any money spent is already an expense.
I dont care if a girl is rocking a bush but theres no way I'm going down on her.
They get freezing rain. I grew up in manitoba and also had no idea what they were talking about until somebody mentioned them getting freezing rain.
Yeah I'd have been riding my friend at that age for being the grade 12 going after grade 8/9.
