I've legit had a tan since end of February/early March. Vancouver what! ;)
My galaxy s6 Lifeproof case fell apart in multiple areas within a couple weeks. Rubber around camera peeling, screen cover really marked up, rubber around sides peeling, audio jack cover kept on falling off (eventually lost), mini USB cover chipped twice and no longer closes, back cover completely scratched up - Do not waste your money on them!!!
Fuck, really need to get this octoclick spasm checked out eh.
This was mandatory in the Canadian curriculum when I was growing up.
Lol. I only seem to date taller long-legged women, but this is pretty funny.
It triggers me seeing this buffoon have more money than me, someone trying to make an honest living.
I have been there 3x and therefore have never questioned it's existence. I have never met a Belgiumist, but am intrigued. When are the meetings?
The irony here is that I pay my rent via my internets
I was throwing a roll of tape up into the air repeatedly yesterday whilst talking to my boss until I missed it and hit the work truck. He did not look impressed. I've been interested to know if these things work.
I'm not going to add fuel to the fire, because I've never met the guy personally, but I know his old classmates, and people in WPG... I wouldn't pay anything more than a prove-it deal.
I've read that a rough NHL:KHL ratio is 1:0.80.   Edit: corrected auto-correct
Oops I just posted something similar. Kudos! :)
It's the only special of his I actually find slightly funny at some parts, and this is specifically one of those moments. Otherwise, I'm not a dad (that I know of), nor balding and rounding 50 (that I know of), ,and find his material completely unrelatable. I honestly have no idea why he's considered an icon.   On the flip, he's dope as for nulling scalped ticket numbers in Vancouver, cuz, fuck scalpers. What a boss. Full support.
Will admit I haven't watched wrastling since about 1991, once I was 9 and found out it was fake, along with Santa. Is wrastling a 3hr tv show now?! I zone out for actually sports. Can't imagine watching the Ultimate Warrior v André the Giant for 3 hours!     Edit: jk, I know they're gone and it's really sad cuz they were as awesome to me at 9 as monster trucks and the ninja turtles were.
I don't get this one. Please enlighten me?    Edit: NM, sorted it out
We wash our ziplocks.
Wow so cheap!   Source: Ex Toronto, current Vancouver (we feel your pain).
I do! I never got any swag on either of my buses this morning :(
I tried 7 different services for my Galaxy S6 (locked to Fido) when I went overseas. None of them could provide me with a code, and had horrible horrible customer service, if any at all. Most of the sites kept my money for several days/weeks until I threatened reporting them to the authorities. Several of the websites were run by the same person - I consider it to be a scam.
DICK-tation. I wanted to be DICK-tator but this bloke in year 12... Became DICK-tator
Hi, male here, this is exactly what I wrote, but deleted in fear of sounding like a horrible person. Thank you for being a voice of reason. Unless she explicitly (literally my words too) told or motioned for you to stop, how are you to know?   Of course "no means no". But you have to say "no" in some sort of way first.   Not sure if it's a good idea, but have you tried reaching out to her to talk about it? Tough break. Just don't ever make advances towards women. That's my solution. Let them make the first move.
That's all teachers do.   Source: dating(ish) one.
I can video chat with someone half way across the world for free on my touch screen pocket computer.
I've never ever seen that.
It's so good, but I can never watch any more than the first verse.
I feel like the Habs would take a gamble on him. Also need scoring. Have wanted to reunite him with former teammate Galchenyuk the last couple years as they had mad chemistry in junior.
I was waiting for them to interact. I have no idea how you keep your train of thought with someone talking right next to you for that long!
FINALLY. I'VE FOUND YOU SOULMATE.
Fuck being "cool". Just be you. That's "cool" to me. And I'm cool.
That's very sweet of you. I love playing gift tricks on people! I once came home for Christmas after travelling for many years, and I almost killed my mother via heart attack. Still worth it.
Sorry about that. Was a life goal.
Classic. I can never get past the *wipe the equipment off after use* part though.
I have travelled fairly extensively, giving up most of my material possessions along the way - but this makes me miss my old systems!  And don't listen to the jerks, it's not the size of the tv that matters, but what you do with it! ;D
I flew them last year, everyone spoke English.
I not gonna lie... This one wooshed me for a minute. I'm now left questioning my reading comprehension skills.
Thank god I'm already on the toilet.
I don't use the term "hero" very often...
I paid $65CAD at the game store 😐
I would like to offer up my services for the Montreal Canadiens. Where are you ridiculous Leafs fans at?
I would like to offer up my services for the Montreal Canadiens. Where are you ridiculous Leafs fans at?
Something I'm still trying to teach my parents
Probably mirror what a million people have said here, don't move in with a partner at a young age. God I was young and dumb.
Yes, it is my fav board game. It's the only game I can get my non-gaming friend's to play. It's easy, short, and can be vicious.  Sidenote: I lost mine in a sticky breakup (so heartbroken!). I hear there is a newer version with space kitty, no kraken. Can anyone advise me on which version I should (re)buy?
Hey I live in those places!
I'll show you mine if you show me yours
Me too! Was 4. Saw it from Perth Australia. My kindergarten backpack was a Halley's comet with a smiling face.
As someone who has been well over 100 times, this is 100% accurate.
Torontonians pronounce "Toronto" as "Toronno". The second "T" is very soft.   Source: lived there for years.
This is exactly the moment that came to mind for myself
Really?! Man, it's like $6+ for a loaf here.
