I recommend the pilot thing, I did that 10 years ago and it has been awesome.
I showed my wife and in a rare misstep she responded 'meh'. I let her know she was wrong, of course.
exactly i got a 93 iq and thats a A afain
It's like watching myself play Street Fighter.
A note: I bought the 'value plan' in the middle and imgur.com is blocked. That's lovely.
I was literally out of the country, folks, just docked in Long Beach. It wasn't me.
Oh shIt, I didn't think my alibi through. welp, guess I'm going to superjail.
Where do you live that terabit fiber connections are so plentiful for end users?
Well… I don't know if I wrote clearly or not, but the docking system used by the US shuttle was designed by the Russians for their shuttle.  So… Even if the Russian shuttle benefited greatly by espionage to explain the outside shape, the specific component we're talking about here was a Russian invention copied by the United States.  😁
I *think* it was the book Blindman's Bluff but I can't remember for sure where I read that.  File it under apocryphal unless I can nail that down more firmly.
They are and they work great.  My wife can shred a slow-roasted pork thing with those in a few seconds, they're easy to use and strong.  They're not 'flexible, fragile plastic' like a plastic fork.
I'm a pilot, and that is a terrible thing to do. Sounds like a great way to scare people away from aviation.  :(
As a dad...  ouch.    Think I'll go and try to act reasonable about some tiny stuff.  This might be tricky.
That's a good idea, I'll try and focus on the positive next time.
I get it, I'm a big dumb jerk.  Sorry.  Edit: I wasn't trying to 'sound smart', I was trying to put my feelings into words and I just screwed up.
Arrgh, somehow Siri lost part of my post or I completely forgot to add it.  I was trying to write that the Saturn V was one of the launch vehicles considered for the **VOYAGER** program.    I am just not doing well on the reddit today, both between bad decisions and bad post-entry.  You are, of course, right about the Shuttle but it had nothing to do with the Voyager launches.  The political costs of using an SLS for an unmanned mission would probably be considerable and at the rate they've been funded, I am not certain the SLS launch cadence could support a probe launch across the number of senate sessions needed to keep support.
I don't understand what you're talking about. I am not the person in the comments you're talking about.   I've been called a bunch of interesting names, but I think this is the first time anyone has "accused" me of being someone named Geoff.
I've had a few good, so so, and bad experiences   Positives:  * Northwest auto group - pleasant to work with, felt good about purchase price and deal afterwards.   * That place on the south west corner of 7th and chambers - same comment as above, ended up keeping that car for like 6 years.    Medium: * Kendall - Loved the cars, felt a little snubbed in post sale paperwork stuff.  Would probably go again but not a fan of the bureaucracy.    Poor: * Guaranty in Junction City.  My wife was buying a car and I was hiding in our other car reading a book because she's a better negotiator.  She called me to 'consult' as a sales tactic and the guy started haranguing her for 'not being able to make a decision without her husband'. It was pretty crummy.   * Brad something in Cottage Grove: they refused to talk with my wife and kept answering all questions to me even if she asked them.  It was like they thought she was an auxiliary speaker for me and I was the 'real decision maker'.   Hope this helps!
It's a little spendier than some boats people have and maybe less spendy than some RVs others have.  I'm a firmly middle class guy who happens to own a plane and it is awesome.    I did an AMA about 5 years ago, got your questions answered plus a few hundred you don't care about:  http://www.reddit.com/comments/amt0d/iama_middleclass_private_pilot_with_my_own_plane/
I'm hella busy (too busy even to learn newer slang than 'hella'!), just saw this thread had asploded because I was busy doing a little dinner party.
No, I'm in Oregon, it's like the Arizona of the Pacific Northwest!  Ok, I don't know what that means, it probably isn't.
I switched from StatusVol to StatusVol2 to fix a crash that occurred when I received pop-up SMS after determining it was the causal factor.  Once I did that, the problem disappeared.
Oregon.  It's like Florida except with cool weather, low humidity, mountains, seasons, and very few alligators.
Oh, I know.  But it is against the law in Oregon to pass up an opportunity to complain about Californians moving north, so I had to throw that in.
I was stuck at a 60% freeze that many others were, but I did finally successfully jailbreak. I had iTunes 12.0.1 installed and when it reaches 60%, I just left it alone. After a few minutes, it restarted my phone and then a few minutes later did the same thing again. It must have rebooted my phone four or five times before it continued past 60% and then finished successfully.
Yay, we're reddit subject-buddies!  Here was mine, though I did it w/ still pics because there was no reason for anyone to hear my family squabbling over things like "he's touching my side of the seat" or "are we there yet" or "Dad, watch the fucking roooooooaaaaaad!"  https://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3410n0/we_did_our_duty_let_no_man_woman_or_child_suggest/
I really like the Angel Craft transfer paper, it's the best I've found so far.  I've used the Silhouette and Cricut brands too and had mixed results.  The Silhouette brand worked ok but was a little sticker than I wanted.  The Cricut stuff was waaaay too sticky and it would take forever to pull off with constant re-application to re-stick the vinyl that it was tearing up with it.  Insult to injury, it left behind a nasty sticky residue.    I don't know if transfer paper can 'expire', but it was bad.    The Angel cut stuff (I got some off Amazon) is more like 'painter's tape' stickiness and is a dream to use.
I'm a general aviation pilot, that's the list I'm talking about. Sorry I wasn't clear, I thought that would be clear by context but I done goofed.  For the record, I absolutely agree re your points on it being invasive and unnecessary.  I'll add 'security theater' and ineffective too because people will ill intent will hardly register their craft.
Exactly. When I was a kid, I just saw the terrible things he did. As I've gotten older, I realized there are more villains in that movie that I originally noticed..  Is Deckard even a hero? He's enforcing laws of wildly questionable morality, after all. Some of the replicants are real shit birds, but they don't seem to be caricatures of evil so much as the result of people being put into impossible situations.
I was thinking more of the skyline filled with fireballs shooting out of the refinery, looks just like the intro to LA 2019 in the film.  That's not actually THAT common elsewhere.  :D
Nice!  I have an illuminated shaft umbrella (gosh that looks funny in text) too and love going for walks with it.
Until we make contact with another sapient species, I think it's probably reasonable to assume the "human" specifier.  I mentioned "station culture" because there are so many aspects of human culture that DON'T include physical musical instruments.  The office environments in which I've worked (US, it may be very different elsewhere) don't, for example, despite being a place where many of us spend a huge portion of our waking lives.  While I and many of my coworkers play instruments, we don't do so in the context of office culture.    Maybe I'm reading too much into it, I don't know. Just a perception on my part that may not be born out by evidence.
Are you kidding me? Last month, someone made a post asking for a place to work on a Christmas present and I responded with contact information for the nonprofit community workshop that I'm a member of.  You accused us of some weird conspiracy to shill the shop with a fake post.  That was wrong and I had never met that other person before, but you felt comfortable calling us liars and when you were called on by others to apologize you walked away instead and left your poisonous accusation in place.  When I saw this suspicious post today, I wasn't terribly shocked to see that you were behind it.  You've already demonstrated poor character; add history like that to  actual financial transaction where your tomfuckery  could cost people actual money and the red flags just keep popping up.  Maybe this is innocent, but I hope anyone who takes you up on this is VERY careful to protect themselves.
This is great, did you do it?
&gt; It is unfortunate that Roton isn't around right now and couldn't survive to take advantage of this growing commercial spaceflight industry.  Agreed.  I flew to Mojave about ten years ago to check out the ATV and their facility.  Before then at one point when they were still active, I was polishing my resume with dreams of trying to get a job with them, but I chickened out.  20/20 hindsight says that was fortunate, but I still regret not being more of a risk taker.
I've got a couple of these (Kickstarter) and am thinking of projects.  It's really neat (the built in WiFi and bluetooth) so I'm thinking some kind of self-contained telemetry collector might be neat, that or PiHole ad-blocker for my home network.
I got excited last week because Michael's had a sale on picture frames.  That was sobering.
The scale is difficulty to see, it's a 50,000lb metal vehicle (with most of the weight in the engines at the bottom) made of aluminum and as tall as a 14 story building.  Any cable or net that could stop it from tipping would probably cause the tank to rupture anyhow and certainly leave them with a destroyed rocket.  If you make it strong enough to survive that, then you sacrifice a bunch of payload capability.  My dad performed a marriage on horseback once and needed some remedial basic horsemanship lessons.  He couldn't get the hang of it until the instructor finally told him he was spending his time "looking for a safe place to fall".  The lesson was that he couldn't actually learn what he needed if everything he was doing was built around the assumption he'd fail.    SpaceX isn't looking for a soft place to fall, to have the kind of turnarounds and to get to Mars where there are no nets, they'll need to figure out how to land with precision and to do it right.  A net or cable won't give them that.
Shoot, I did this last year!  See: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6IfdeFjFWT0
I highly recommend Dennis R. Jenkins' books on the space shuttle:  Space Shuttle: The History of Developing the National Space Transportation System https://www.amazon.com/dp/0963397443/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_awd_y9sOwbKKVHSSW  It's neat, I pulled this up on my Amazon app to get the link and it had a little box there telling me that I had purchased it in March of 2000.  I think I've purchased one or two newer editions since, great read and reference.
Ah, roger roger.  Still, good to know.  Thanks!
"I'm a little tea-pot, short and stout..."  "Mission control to Apollo 18, transmission unclear."  "This is my handle, this is my spout."  "Oh.  Cut it out, George."
I can't change your mind, that's entirely your own purview, so I won't try.  Just know that there are those of us who may be a little less optimistic in both our long-term risk assessment and belief that the research to push the human frontier would show difficult-to-anticipate benefits here at home.    On the latter point, I suspect the home computer revolution wasn't really on the minds of the people developing the first programmable digital computers in the 1940s and later, but it happened.  A nuclear damage-resistant network of interconnected nodes for linking the computers probably wasn't seen as a method for transmitting video or images of cats either, but here we are.  I'm at an age where adopting a very conservative view advocating steady-state living is increasingly common, but I've still got some life in me I guess because I think we've still got frontiers and that they'll serve us in ways that'd boggle us if our future selves came back to tell us.  It looks like that outward expansion is happening whether or not the respected old scientists or cynical young turks wish it so we may want to check back in a couple decades from now to see how things turned out.
Oh, my NERVAs were fine.  They were cruising along, but they weren't the problem.  The problem was the TVR-1180 Mk1 tricoupler they were attached to.  THAT was the part that was a few seconds from exploding when the burn ended.  Radiators are great, if I remember to add them to my NERVA workhorses and fuel plants, things seem less explodey or failey.
Neat!  I'll do some focused reading, I enjoy finding gaps in my education when it means I can learn something new (and when that discovery doesn't cost me a lot of money because I just made a terrible mistake).
I still have to do the Windowskey-P twice trick to get the screen to turn on sometimes when waking it up from sleep.    I am quite ready for that to be fixed.
Alicia Murphy's got a Periscope up at the port:  https://www.periscope.tv/murphypak/1mnxewvrldQGX  She's a space fan who lives nearby and goes out to do live video coverage.  Edit: This is not quuuuuuite as slick of a production as SpaceX puts on, but it's live and on the spot.  :)
You're not my robot mom.
I love mine, but if you buy one be SUPER careful to verify that you are ordering the BLUETOOTH version. There is one that looks incredibly similar but uses a USB dongle and it's so close that some retailers can even mix them up.  I know this from experience, they once shipped the dongle version to me by accident even though the order was explicitly for the Bluetooth version.
Replying to my own, looks like there's higher res streams available as you increment.  I pulled up 05.m3u8 and got a 768 x 432 for example.
