If you can handle it then go for it, but don't let it ruin your high school life for the last time.   I'm in a public university in my state, but I love it here and wouldn't trade it away for anything.
My 14 year old cat died suddenly of a heart attack almost exactly a year ago. I was upstairs when I heard my mom start crying. My cat, patches, had fallen off the table suddenly in the kitchen after having what we think was a heart attack. She was gone before hitting the ground. She had been rubbing on my mom a lot and purring not 5 minutes sooner.
I understand. We only had my beagle three years before he died. In 2 days went feom healthy to dying on the way to the vet. They think hr was 6 when we got him.
You have to submit everything, that's how it works. You can still get into a state college/university if nothing else and those are fine. I'm at one now.
Live off campus, living on campus honestly doesn't do much for you after the first year. Stay involved on campus by not being at your apartment too much.
You learn a lot in college, not just in the degree, but about yourself and life. That's the point.   I'm a biology major and it's rough.
It is. I'm paying for my own because my family cannot, but some people really should do what fits them the best.
The best thing to do is to try and apply everywhere you can. State Universities and the like as well. In the meantime, see how long you can keep raising your GPA at CC. I never went to a CC so I don't know how it is compared to a state university. (I'm at a public University and just finished my first year)
I'm not sure how it goes for CC to University. I know some of the state Universities requirements for high school to University.   My university used to require 2.0 GPA from high school and 2.5 GPA now from high school. They changed it for this coming fall.
Annoying things in general - online access codes  - bad professors  - confusing buildings (my college..the engineering building of all places is confusing...ridiculously. I have to wonder if the engineers did it on purpose)
Do it for yourself before anything else. That child can help be your motivation though, he's young and will look up to you guys.   Your husband supporting you is the best thing you can do. If you can, see a therapist, if not just find a support system.   (sorry reddit doesn't want to let me respond to you for some reason except every five minutes)
I'm doing alright.   My mind is on my summer semester of college to make up for a bad semester. I want to do better.   I also want to keep my relationship going well with my new partner.
Good luck to you as well.   I had terrible first semester and am re-taking the two classes i failed since my college replaces the grade for GPA.
Yeah. I had personal problems with a relationship, adjustments to college, etc. Only got a 2.2 GPA with a 4 credit hour class that I got a D, the other 4 credit got an F, a 3 credit got a B+, another 3 credit got a B+ and 2 1 Credits that I got an A in as well as a 2 credit with an A = 2.211 GPA. The D and F I can replac ethe grade of and bring that really high for the cumulative. (Got a 3.7 the second semester)
I have a notes app on my phone for when I need it. I use simplenote on both computer and phone so it syncs.
Also, I'm going to be a Sophomore studying Biology for pre-vet, so I'm in a similar situation in that regard. Labs scare me because I have messed up before, it happens, and sometimes me and my lab partner fixed it. She messed up before too. These things happen and you have to accept that sometimes.
I honestly recommend doing it on paper. Distractions suck. I tried it and it does not work for everyone.  I know people that use Surfaces and just use evernote to handwrite things with a stylus. See if that works on your ipad. It has a handwrite thing you can look up too. I don't know if that works for everything else.
I'm a Biology major who failed Bio 1 and has to retake Bio 1 and 2 starting next week. I failed Calculus I as well.  I understand. What I just mentioned happened my first semester leaving me at a 2.2. Second semester was a 3.7. You can definitely improve.  Thankfully my school also lets my D and F go away on the transcript. (Since their major courses a D is not by any means passing.
For me, I can't speak for every college, it has a lot of people. I made myself join band, I did that in high school too. Join a club/organization that forces you to talk to people. I talk to everyone in the music building and made quite a few acquaitances and a few great friends. I was quiet in high school. You can too. I get it.   You need to make the effort to talk first too not just everyone else.
I use google calendar and set it up in there using a calendar i make that I'll just delete afterwards and see if it works out there. If it does, I add those sections.
Only if the credits you have transfer specifically as major courses. A lot of courses in college are pre-reqs for major courses. Even though I transferred in with Sophomore status, I couldn't graduate in 3 due to required classes. Though I'm adding a minor since I won't have gen eds in my last 2 years.
You need to see someone to get diagnosed with depression if you do have that.   A relationship breakup of that long is serious and does take time to recover from. On that, talk to people. This can be counselors, classmates if you're in school, co-workers if you work, whatever you need. I say this since your parents don't seem to be the type of people that will help.
I'm only going to be a sophomore biology major so I can't speak for having finished, but I'm taking Calc I and Bio I&amp;II over the summer and the best thing I can say is: Write, and read.
It's sad to me.   I respect liberal arts majors a lot as well as STEM. I'm around a lot of STEM majors because I am one but I'm also around a lot of the other because they're the people I tend to make friends with. Sometimes it feels like they're evolving more as people during it than I am.
If he doesn't feel like he can talk to you and openly communicate, it can never work. You two need to talk about this. I just lost a relationship of 2.5 years last year because he went to other people about our problems after feeling like he couldn't tell me because I was too emotional. He was right.   Do what you have to. Seek counseling. Talk it out and work through it. If all else fails and it doesn't work, both of you work together to raise that child the best you can.
Are you in high school or college? I can talk to you if you want to vent friend. It's not too late.
Being a nurse is a great profession, I have two family members in the field, if you really want to be that, then go back. Be prepared to have to take out private loans to follow that dream since it never quite left you. The study skills you have now can only help you.
If you're an A-student getting a B is not by any means the end of the world. Your parents are definitely overreacting. I'm an A/B student for the most part and struggled awfully in calc this last fall and even though I failed, my mother and father both agreed that if I retake it and get it up to where I accept it then they will not get mad. A B is by no means a bad grade.
Of course we can't, but he said he studied and I can only go off of what they said right now.  My family has different expectations than this person because I'm the only child, and the youngest, that has gone away to college for a B.S. My other sibling is doing an online A.S. degree. (No offence meant to them)
Honestly, dorms help you adjust and make more friends. Also, after a semester or two, try going home less than every weekend to use the money you're spending on the dorms (unless you have a scholarship, still use it). I went home for a weekend about once every few weeks after a semester.
I never would've used a TV in my room, but I don't watch TV. Anything I want to watch I can do on my laptop, same with games.   I recommend if you do get one to make sure to get out of your room and have fun still. join other things so that you don't need to watch tv to enjoy yourself.
I guess those classes are different. Mine mention the syllabus for a few minutes then teach.
If you've only tried a few you should see if you can find one that works for you. I'm saying that combined with medication is the best option people can have. Meds by themselves and therapy by themselves usually isn't the best option. I hope you can find an antidepressant that works for you friend. I don't suffer from diagnosed depression, but I know others that do and will listen if you want.
The whole reason you're drinking is because of your life past so the way to help it is working through what happened to you. If they make you uncomfortable, do not continue seeing them.   Also, good for you for cutting them out. Block them now if you have to.
You're dependent until 24 I believe unless you get that permission. When you turn 18 get a job and move out and go to CC once you get that dependency status.
I wouldnt trust roommates or the people that check my room not to do something to my pet.
Yeah mine sends it out a couple weeks before the semester
Mine is protective..
Im sorry..  A few years ago, when i was staying with my dad for thanksgiving (my parents agreed to thanksgiving with him along with summer, half of Christmas break, every weekend etc), my dad got the call that she had rushed my beagle to the vet when he died in the backseat.  We knew he had liver issues 6 months prior. I now know the vet told my mom she didnt think hed last two weeks. He made it 6 months and though wr never tested it the vet believes there was a tumor on the liver.   His ashes in that container sit downstairs with a picture of him with the bandana he wore at christmas. This along with a make believe dialogue between him and our husky mix we now have.  I get you. It sucks terribly.
I came in with 29. Means i can have extra curriculars and a minor. I will still graduate in 4 years.
I use a fivestar advance notebook. Pages never tear in it. Holds my papers in dividers.
He's only 4 months old. You're doing fine. Keep trying.
No idea about the privacy thing. My cats couldnt care less.
No you dont. My 14 year old cat died last may while my 20 year old one is still strong. You never see it coming.
this isn't recommended for most people who get distracted while typing in class, i always did, you can write them down in class and type later to be honest..a lot easier especially if your prof
Bug bomb the entire place and get the pets and people out of there till its safe again. Thats what i did.
I wish i remembered what we did. It was 10 years ago probably. Sorry, ask a vet if they know of a kind. Raid probably has one
I was only concerned because you said you didnt have time for a puppy. Some dogs have terrible problems.
My school as a 3.0 GPA scholarship i got from my high school grades. I got a 2.997 by the end of this spring. (Awful first semester with a 2.2 then a 3.7 in the spring.) I was very irritated finding out my GPA
we don't know, she doesn't naturally have her ears pointed..which confuses me. They're always floppy
