Yeah I went there this past winter actually, my girlfriend is scared of heights and I basically didn't get to enjoy it
No not really, the only times I'm violent are when the Dbacks are losing, really
Jk bb sorry for bein aggressive
I just can't help but feel sorry for the people like you; the life you must live has got to suck for you to be so ignorant and spiteful.
I forgot about that. That came out right after he was traded, so I didn't really read too much into it.
My buddy met him (he worked at a car rental place) and said he wasn't a very nice dude
I know, and it's unfair for me to trash Greinke based off of what a friend said about meeting him.  Supposedly his wife was very nice though.
Hey guys. Haven't been around for a while but I don't have anything going on tonight
I mean, I stopped playing video games almost altogether for a few years, and the Witcher has had me playing hours at a time, a few times a week since I got it. It's good stuff. It's like mixing Oblivion and Red Dead: Redemption
There was a KFC directly next door. Maybe I should have hit all three. The "sustenance that kills you" Triple Crown
I'm just trying to reverse psychology the baseball gods bruddah
I had you guys in the Series vs the Nationals...I still think it could happen
[Paul Goldschmidt prepared my gyro](http://i.imgur.com/p5Jj9e0.jpg)
David is still one of my favorite dudes, a relic from the 2011 team. He still brings that heat!
Luis Gonzalez World Series walk-off.jpg  I'm at work if someone wants to help a cousin out
Hey! But my favorite team's player!
I'd definitely smoke with Bruce Lee and Tim Lincecum
What is that tan jacket you're always wearing in Parks and Rec? I want it
For all you know that could have been me
**YOU HAVE AN IPHONE. GET AN UBER. THERE'S NOT AN EXCUSE FOR DRUNK DRIVING.**  I'm sorry for your loss, OP. He looks so young. He never got the chance to grow into the man he would have been, but at least the short life he did have was one graced by good friends like yourself, and like the rest of his teammates.
No I haven't if I'm being honest
Damn I'm walking my dog and had to pick up his shit before I could reply
If you want me to lose my cool we can talk about baseball
One of my favorite Kanye tracks
That was actually something that was talked about even amongst D-backs fans when Kevin Towers was at the helm. I don't know if the theory actually held any water, but trading Justin Upton for supposedly being lazy...and then stockpiling the "gritty" white guys...it didn't help.
Yes, that's what I said, and that's what wRC+ means. Babe Ruth was relatively good. But I personally think he'd get embarrassed today
I'm sorry, I'm not going to lower myself to hating an entire group of people like the rest of this subreddit.
No I actually physically turn into this subreddit whenever anyone makes fun of white people, it's really strange
Oh ok yeah I'm on my phone and couldn't do it right but I decided not to comment because I didn't feel like arguing with the entire subreddit today
I'm still pissed off at Pharrell because of Happy but this is really good
Well we have Chris Owings, Phil Gosselin, and Brandon Drury (my favorite to win the starting job). Hopefully one of those guys pans out.
I'm voting for Bernie. I've just been around the block once or twice.
Speaking as someone who voted for Obama twice, I'm not disappointed at all.
Haha I remember I got downvoted like crazy a couple months back for suggesting this guy was on the juice again   https://www.reddit.com/r/baseball/comments/4atqxw/ken_rosenthal_on_twitter_source_indians_signing/d13dgho
I think people have been upvoting me today with this news coming out. Not that it matters at all
&gt; Today, I have accepted a 1 year suspension by Major League Baseball.  &gt;Recently, I was notified that I had tested positive for Ipamorelin, a peptide prohibited by the JDA.  In 2012, I tested positive for the medication Tamoxifen, which I was using on the advice of a physician for a medical condition resulting from surgery, and I accepted my suspension without challenge.  Since that time, I have paid close attention to the substances that are banned by the Joint Drug Agreement, as I had no intention of taking any banned substances.  I relied upon a medical professional for assistance and advice with respect to the supplements that I was taking.  &gt;However, certain supplements I was taking were not on the NSF Certified for Sport list, and therefore, I assumed certain risks in taking them.  When I learned that I had tested positive for Ipamorelin, I retained the services of private counsel and an independent chemist to determine the origin of the Ipamorelin test result because I never knowingly ingested Ipamorelin.  After an extensive investigation by my lawyers and an independent chemist, it was concluded that the most likely source of Ipamorelin was a tainted supplement.  &gt;I alone am responsible for what I put in my body, and therefore, I have decided for forgo my right to an appeal in this matter and accept the suspension.  I apologize for any harm this has caused the Cleveland Indians, Indians’ fans, my teammates, and most importantly, my family.
Never played against a black guy
Don't really watch much TV and get most of what I want from Netflix, Hulu, and an MLB.TV subscription
Haha ummmm what? What's your definition of variety? Nothing gets upvoted here unless it's explicitly pro-Bernie and/or anti-Hillary. It's an echo chamber to the most extreme extent, and anybody who dares disagree with the narrative around here is not welcome.   I was a Bernie supporter earlier in the election cycle, and switched to Hillary's camp because of my own independent analysis of the candidates. Now I'm suddenly a brainwashed shill because I, gasp, go against the great Reddit hivemind. It's ridiculous.
I buy basically every pro version of every Reddit app, if yours is as good as it seems I'll do the same and make a donation! Thank you!
He was a state senator in 2002. As much as I love Obama and as much as the Iraq War was obviously a terrible idea, I have my doubts he would have voted against it if he were a US congressman.
Speaking as a Latino living in Arizona, I don't think you have any idea what you're talking about lol
I don't even look forward to the games anymore. I watch them or listen to them, but usually as a secondary thing to whatever else I wanna do
My friends got me a Louisville slugger with the Dbacks logo and my name engraved on it, signed by Goldy. Since then it's been signed by 7 or 8 other Dbacks.   [Photo](http://i.imgur.com/SoRA3x3.jpg)
It was my two baseball buddies. And last summer one of them flew the other two of us to NY to see Randy's HoF induction and a weeklong baseball trip...I'm a lucky dude
Hey, I'm the ranker who is a fan of the Diamondbacks  Let it be known that you're welcome to ask me questions of any sort
I'm sorry I did that to you
Maybe if people in my life read the funny things I wrote on the internet they wouldn't all hate me
I think you're significantly overestimating how much the average American actually knows about Bernie Sanders. I'm 24 and a Redditor. You're a Redditor. Obviously we know what he's all about. My parents, though? No idea.
That's stupid, if I were Machado I would have done the same thing. Granted I'm not a world-class athlete
