If you have a dehydrator you can make all kinds of meals. I dehydrate peas, pepper strips, green beans, then dehydrate some hummus, either store bought or home made. Dehydrate, run the hummus through the blender, rehydrate at camp. Very tasty snack for lunch.
I started with the Ukulele Boot Camp chord drills for C like... 2 weeks ago. Once I got most of those comfortable, especially as others have mentioned C, Am, F, and G/G7, you can start moving on to songs. I picked up Stand By Me because it's dirt simple, you can use it to practice different strum patterns and see how it changes the sound of the song, and it is a song we all know and probably like okay. It's also if memory serves like the 50's pop song progression of doom.
Making your own taco seasoning is dirt simple, and if you want to share with your dogs, you can omit the onion powder.  Seasons roughly 1lb of meat  * 1 tablespoon chili powder * 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder * 1/4 teaspoon onion powder * 1/4 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes * 1/4 teaspoon dried oregano * 1/2 teaspoon paprika * 1 1/2 teaspoons ground cumin * 1 teaspoon sea salt * 1 teaspoon black pepper  I use this without thickeners and just let reduce until it's fairly saucy. Works fine. I also tend to omit the red pepper flakes or at least reduce them if I am not in the mood for heat. If you want a thickener to make a more traditional taco seasoning sauce, you could probably throw some corn starch in or maybe some xantham gum (though not much, a little goes a long way and too much creates a slimy consistency). Adjust salt to taste, and consider cutting down the teaspoon of black pepper. It makes things pretty peppery.
How did I know that you had an EE?   EE has a long lead time now but man... their quilts are awesome. Dollar value to performance is insane, weight is good, it's just a fantastic product from a fantastic company.   If you toss or are a little bit round like I am, you can get a wider quilt. Helps out a lot. You won't rack up weight like I do since you basically say you are pretty petite in height.
I've seen people hammock out nice and snug in snow. I've hammocked in freezing sleet and been perfectly warm and more comfortable than I am on the ground.   Maybe you were doing it wrong?  I don't think hammocks are for everyone, hike your own hike, but the arrogance of your argument is offputting.
Happy Solong 6 owner here. It doesn't have a mesh interior, but it will give you like 6 inches of clearance on either end of you. It's a huge-ass solo tent for an ounce shy of 2 pounds.
Well first note that it is designed to use trekking poles. I can't remember if the site has stand alone poles, but those will obviously add to the weight.  Setup- Stake the 4 corners out. The tent has a bathtub with carbon fiber stays in it which are awesome for keeping the bathtub floor a bathtub floor. The top corners loop over your stakes (this is a little trickier if you can't stake things down. You're going to need rocks or extra line or some creativity to do it. I talked to a woman who pitched the solong on AT camping platforms using cordage and rocks). Then you unzip the tent, and there's a little plastic/carbon fiber stay in there that's bent (I think it's rigid plastic) at just the right angle that velcros in. Take your hiking pole, stick the tip in the  plastic tube, and shove the round handle down into the middle of the tent. Repeat on other side. I usually crawl in, hold it up, and pitch that way. Adjust height for tauntness.  You're basically done at that point. The awning rolls up or pulls down and can be propped open with a stick. Dropping it into storm mode is basically as easy as Pulling the stick out and maybe having a stake or a rock or branch or something to tie down on. Pretty easy.   It takes a little getting used to and you absolutely want to pitch it a few times in your back yard before getting out on the trail. Make sure you use a tyvek groundsheet (you can order one from the website if you don't want to dick with it) because the ground bathtub is silnylon and pretty thin. It's just safer to pitch on top of a groundsheet.   In better weather you can roll back the awnings and get some real airflow through the tent, which is another reason I like it.   I'm really happy with the tent. I haven't met anyone who didn't like the design.
I just use one of those 12oz mini coke bottles. I have FUEL written on it in sharpie on a loop of duct tape and I've colored the cap.  Works fine. If I'm really paranoid I'll add like a drop of green food coloring to it.
I actually eat about 80% paleo for other dietary considerations. I have little against the actual diet.
Other resources: http://www.amazon.com/John-Muir-Trail-Essential-Americas/dp/0899977367/ref=dp_ob_title_bk  http://jmtbook.com/  Sorry for the commercial links. I'm not affiliated at all, I just ike the products.
Check out Darn Toughs. 20 bucks a pair but they have a lifetime warranty. I love them.  Skip REI brand socks. The Achilles tendon area blows out on them far too quickly for what they charge.    Smartwool and DeFeet are other popular socks. Smartwool smelled on my feet pretty quick and I found defeet way too slick in my shoe. I felt like I was gliding and developed blisters eventually.
If you haven't visited the trinity alps and the coastal redwoods north of Eureka... you're missing out. I've lived in California all my life, love the 395 drive, spent 30 years exploring the Sierras and Cascades. This past September I changed plans on a vacation and headed through the Trinity Alps then up the coast and was like "why didn't I come here to begin with?"  My suggestion is to take the 395 north and camp up through Bishop and towards Reno, then veer off and hit Lassen/Burney Falls area (Damn Burney Falls is expensive though), cut through Shasta area, or rip through Redding if you're in a hurry, slow back down in the Trinity Alps, then meander up the coast. You can turn inland in a lot of different places if you want. If you need to see Crater Lake you can turn east near the state line or north of the state line.
SEKI had it in a few places and while a little slow it wasn't too bad. But you had to drive either to Road's Inn or that Wuksachi lodge.
Between my watch barometer and the ability for the Delorme Inreach to request 3 day weather predictions, I'm not too worried about reading the weather.
Mine takes about 30 seconds to connect. I use android and there's a significant delay. One of these days I'll try patching it into the USB port and seeing if that speeds it up.
I didn't sign a form. There's a lot of warning that chains are an issue. But there are alternatives. Autosocks I think should work.   But you have to have some kind of chains *in* the car, even if you have snow tires on.
It depends. It'll say in the owner's manual if you're going to use chains which set of wheels is most important. For example, my CVT '16 says:  Make certain that any traction device you use is an SAE class S device, and use it on the front wheels only.
It was nice.   I live 90 minutes away so I go on weekends usually for the day. I usually make a beeline to the highlands but this time I stayed mostly in the foothills. It's pretty in the snow though. Most of the campgrounds and picnic areas in the higher elevations are closed for the season but it's really pretty. Next time we get some fresh snow in I'll go snowshoeing.   That being said, I went this past Monday, and on my way out, at 1pm, there was about a 45 minute line to get *into* the park, and then another 30 minute drive to the snow play areas. Very crowded in the higher elevations.   It was empty in the lower elevations. I interrupted a pack of deer in a closed off campground and they gave me the stink eye for intruding on them. That was about as social as the day got.
If memory serves like 15 years ago the MPG sticker only had a vague relation to reality and it took a federal law to overhaul the testing to make it more similar to real world conditions.   My first car's window sticker said it got 10mpg more than it actually got.
Oh god Cadsuane.  Also on re-read Nynaeve is a lot more sympathetic than on my first readthrough. I see her now as a woman, probably about what, 20, 22 (Just a few years older than all the other Two Rivers people) and basically was for *years* already the matriarch of her town.   There's passages where the Two Rivers characters remember being very small and having Nynaeve care for them like a mother. And when you think about it, she was like what, a young teenager when that was going down?  I think at this point she's had a combination of having to take care of everyone since basically forever and being a very young person in a position where you have to appear to know what the hell your doing, and she doesn't.   The temper and the obnoxiousness is a distraction to cover up the fact she is basically just making things up as she goes along.  Well, that and she needs to be angry to channel at this point.
Where the heck did I get April from?   Apologies.
3.9 seems high.  I bought my 16 crosstrek on 1.9% APR on 2k down payment/trade in total at the end of November in Southern California. The only thing that was considered was my credit score and the cutoff was 706 I think for that tier of interest.  If you have a credit score of 800 you shouldn't be paying 4-5% interest.   Then again I walked in with half a dozen loans pre-approved and told them "if you beat this I'll finance with you".   They beat it all right.
I also applied with my bank, my credit card, a credit union, and I can't remember who else and got pre-approved and got interest rates locked in. You can do all of that online and take in certificates or pre approval codes so you can use whichever one you want. If memory serves all hard credit inquiries within like 2-4 weeks qualify as only 1 credit inquiry on your credit report so it doesn't hurt to get options. You might want to verify that though first.
I skipped it. Read the first 100 pages back in the day and quit. When Knife of Dreams came out I dug up a synopsis of CoT, read it, then skipped straight to KoD and didn't feel like I missed much.
Depends on the backpacking they're doing. If you're hiking the AT then possibly a knife is overkill. I carry a leatherman Squirt PS4.   Not 5 dollars, but less than 30, great pliars, scissors, other tools that are nice to have in addition to a good blade. Weighs a little more than the venerable classic swiss army knife but more useful IMHO.   Carrying just a single edge razor blade strikes me as Stupid Light.
All that aside... I'd suggest if you're not being a gram weenie and looking for a decent knife, the morakniv can be had on amazon for about 10 bucks, and punches way above it's cost in blade quality. It's not a full on survival knife, but I own 2-3 of them and keep them around as excellent utility knives, including one in my camping box.   It's not an EDC knife but if you want a knife with a decent handle on it and some good high carbon steel look at morakniv.
If you have issues going alone, and that's totally understandable, look at meetup.com for hiking/backpacking groups and look into joining one. That's what I've had to do.
I was in Calaveras back at the end of September and the tree was very sick. Only one branch was alive still really. I honestly was figuring only a few years of life left in it.
&gt; i am also on my first read through and i am just in the beginning of CoS (200 pages or so in) and I find the same. Women (Aes sedai mostly but also faile, bashere's wife, maidens of the spear etc) are so very controlling and nothing any man ever does is right and men are generally stupid and selfish according to women. While men just don't even understand how women can be of the same planet or how any of them can be trusted or understood.  It's been pointed out that gender roles in RandLand have generally been swapped for 3000 years because powerful, channeling men go batshit and have to be put down. So all the super powerful channelers are women, and women are the only people who can be trusted to retain the mantle of power.  Over thousands of years of civilization where these gender roles get swapped from our world (and thrown out of balance from the Age of Legends which seemed to be pretty big on the need for men and women to balance each other out) and then entrenched, you see women get to and assume arrogant positions of power.  Sort of like our world, but with women instead of men. There are matriarchal power structures *everywhere* in RandLand.   I mean when you sit back and think of it, the supergirls run all over the place getting in over their head having the kind of hijinks that you expected of Rand &amp; Mat in the first book.
As for complaining about the LOTR vibe, that's a bit of a EotW-ism. The Great Hunt shifts tone pretty significantly, The Dragon Reborn moreso, and from there WoT has it's own voice for the rest of the series.   All of the characters are going to grow and develop, some in completely unexpected ways. Everyone you like will reach a growth point that feels totally satisfying, and some of your "meh" characters may end up surprising you.  Welcome to the Wheel. I'm glad you're enjoying it! I envy people going through it for the first time. I read Eye of the World in about a week, got hooked, and then read books 2-7 in about a week's time. Fastest I've ever binged on books in my life. I think I only slept 2-3 hours each night while I read through all those books. It was intense and insane and wonderful.
My first uke was a Cordoba concert. It's a nice playing laminate that punches above it's price point and is aprox. 100 dollars if memory serves.   I play it just as often as my more expensive ukes.
I bought that game retail when it came out.   If I ever hear about only being able to channel a trickle again I'm going to pull my braid.   The gameplay itself wasn't bad though. It kind of felt obvious though that the game devs read WoT but weren't like crazy into it.
If you get there early and nobody is camping in that spot, set up.  Otherwise... my experience has always been your site will have a little reservation tag on it. You may have to check in wherever to get the official okay and register your car.   Otherwise, for first come first serve, you pull your car in, grab an envelope from the front of the campsite, fill in the information (dates staying, car license plate, etc...) stuff it with cash, stick it in the lock box, and clip your tag from the envelope to your camp site. After that... it's yours. Leave, stay, drive off into the sunset. You don't have to stay there.   Reservations work the same way. Once you pay for the site it's yours until the time you paid for is up. You don't have to squat on it. They mark that it's taken and that's that.   I'd not leave valuables in the campsite if you leave. Food storage if there's bears will be necessary. But usually I just make camp and then take off if I am bored. Leave your campsite clean and tidy and assume that someone *could* go through your stuff. There are stories of people getting stuff stolen out of tents, but that has never happened to me or anyone I know. Generally people are pretty respectful, but don't leave anything you wouldn't want to get pinched.   If you leave a camp site that looks like a bomb exploded, you'll probably get fined by the rangers and they will make you clean up.
Stirfry in a wok in the fire pit. Make a nice hot coal bed, set your carbon steel wok directly in the coals, and start cooking.   That's what they were designed for originally.   I'm partial to any kind of sausage or brat in a roll with carmalized onions.   If it's cool/cold weather I'll cook up a vat of chili in advance and do frito pies or chili dogs.   Breakfasts are usuallly egg scrambles with sausage crumbles and veggies and coffee strong enough to let a spoon stand up in it.   Red beans &amp; rice with andouille sausage is an old standby for me too. One pot meal, tasty, filling.
Me neither. I take my shoes off before getting into the tent and clear the ground of rocks and sticks/twigs. Never is a problem. Today's car tents have basically tarps for bottoms anyway.   Now for my 400 dollar backpacking tent that weighs 18 ounces? Yeah. I have a tyvek groundsheet to go underneath it. The walls and the floor are basically the same lightweight material.
&gt; Basically CAMP/y get signal from satellite from anywhere and then work as a point access to give you local wifi to pair you cellphone and CAMP/y.  This gives the impression that you're using satellite internet/satellite voice service. Unless the market has changed without my noticing that usually costs quite a bit of money, both for the modem/radio and for the data transfer costs. Which you completely don't mention. So either you've completely revolutionized satellite data delivery or you're being *extremely* vague.   I am guessing when you refer to "getting a signal from satellite" you're referring to GPS/GLONASS. Which doesn't particularly link into the microcell wifi that you're setting up.   If you are using satellite data/voice, it'd be useful to mention what network you're using: iridium, globalstar, etc...   I do this stuff for a living so you'll forgive me if I'm a skeptic.
I don't know how well that'll hold up to serious rain. If you pull the trigger on something like that, I agree get a tarp to cover it in serious rain.  I personally am not a big fan of cabin tents. They take forever to take down and pack into their bag due to the acres of fabric. Depending on *why* you want more room a good popup shade with bug nets and maybe even one of the versions with a hardshell addon might serve just as well and be easier to pack and store.
Are you looking at budget level?  I always hear good things about the REI half and quarter domes, but they're going to run 3-400 dollars.   I went a different route for my backpacking sleep system so I don't have a lot of first hand experience.
Not really. As I said they aren't the kind of tent I go for so I don't have any practical experience.  At this point, I have a cheap ass instant-up tent for car camping with new people, I have 2 very small single wall backpacking tents that are sub-2 pounds, and I have my warbonnet hammock that I use 90% of the time when there's trees for it.
Go to /r/Fresno or /r/Visalia and see if you can hire someone to drive you up. I'd offer... oh probably 30-50 bucks as an opener. If I lived in Visalia I'd consider doing it for that range, but I live in Fresno and probably would want closer to 75 for the drop off.
Check out Backpackingchef.com and get the book.  Really a great recipe book, as well as how to dehydrate staples for various meals and how to meal plan if you're dehydrating.  The bark recipes are worth it alone.   It made me experiment by taking homemade chili colorado sauce and dehydrating it down to leather/bark. I have the equivalent of a gallon of the stuff in a sandwich baggy in the freezer. Pull out a few sheets and toss into boiling water and you have instant chili colorado sauce. Great for shredded, dehydrated pork.   If you want the chili colorado recipe I use  http://www.bonappetit.com/recipes/article/groat-ricks-chili-colorado
Both Narrators are really good.  However, the guy also narrates the book Desert Solitude. So after listening to a bajillion hours of Wheel of Time, I went and listened to Desert Solitude, and had the mental image of Lan living in a trailer around Arches National Monument in the 60's.  Which... isn't a bad thing. The mood of the book and Lan's personality just seem to go together.
&gt; Snow is anyone's guess at this point.  I'm at the point where I'm saying it's going to be a light to very light snowfall year. We've barely gotten any this year. I mean, it's January and here's the Yosemite high country webcam:  https://pixelcaster.com/yosemite/webcams/sentinel.jpg?2018041347  Just a dusting at the high levels. We're on track to have the driest winter in California recorded history.   I'd say aim for earlier rather than later. Water is going to dry up fast. There's some better snowpack up around Shasta and up into Oregon/Washington, but by the time you get there it won't matter.
&gt; Jet boil is the fastest and most efficient, but it's a bit heavier.  Right round 6-8 ounces heavier TBH. Jetboil is fairly heavy and the PCT equipment breakdowns I've seen nobody really uses it.  &gt;The lightest stove would be an alcohol stove, but those are technically outlawed I believe in California and you're risking a fine, and you really can can start a forest fire if you don't know what you're doing.  California issues fire restrictions depending on how dry the environment is and it can change with relatively little warning. It's also issued ranger district by ranger district. Generally speaking alcohol stoves are great for the spring and winter (winter is hiking weather in so cal) and anywhere from May through August you can expect them to be restricted. Deep summer they're almost always restricted. Unless you're in a stage 4 fire restriction, you generally can get away with anything that has an on/off valve to it. You can talk to rangers to get fire alerts, check in towns, ect... At stage 4 restrictions you're basically cold camping anyway, as nothing is allowed, including camp fires or smoking.   I'd go look up the blog adventures in stoving from /u/hikin_jim and look into considerations for alcohol stoves. They aren't necessarily the best solution. Right now I'm partial to my Soto Amicus with the Prima Eta Express pot (It's a nice little 1 liter pot with a heat exchanger that works with all standard canister stoves, a little heavy and if I was doing a through hike I'd probably revert back to my evernew titanium pot).  Alcohol stoves are *quiet*, which is nice, but slow. Fuel is cheap, but you are looking at either denatured spirits or HEET (Yellow bottle please) for fuel, and I'm not sure how readily available all that is along the PCT.   Oh and as for web sites, go check out thetrek.co and maybe add it to a feedly account and read the blogs. It's generally aimed at the AT, but a lot of PCT hikers will set up blogs and at least do before and after blog posts on what works and what doesn't. It's a great resource for long distance hikers. You may want to pick up the book the website founder wrote, Appalachian Trials, which is how to mentally approach a long distance hike. Again, AT focused, but lots of good advice.
I know people that swear by esbit. Never could be okay with the greasy soot that it leaves behind.   Enjoy your alcohol stove in the damp months. If you can't have a campfire, you probably can't have an alcohol stove. Pretty easy rule of thumb.
I got a quilt. Fixed my claustrophobia problem, and I don't usually get claustrophobia.
There is an off chance that you have crappy tuning machines too. But if they were particularly crappy you'd go out of tune during your playing session usually.  My money is on new strings too. My strings sometimes take weeks to really settle in. And you'll sometimes go half a step out of tune as the temperature and humidity change. Less so oddly enough on cheap ukes because of the laminate construction but they are pieces of wood and react to the environment.
My experience with the Sierra Club sucked. I joined, they took my money, then I got a letter in the mail saying I was too young to join the Sierra Club. I guess 32 back then was too young? I know they screwed up but they kept my money and refused to help me. Then they started calling me every month asking for more money. The time I had lost my job, was unemployed, and the guy on the phone started to try to tell me how 300 a month was totes affordable for someone on unemployment was when I had finally had it with them. Blocked their numbers and told them not to solicit from me any more. I'll donate money to other conservation endeavors that are more grateful and do more with my money.   I never actually *went* anywhere with the local Sierra Club chapter the year I was a pseudo-member. I hope my money helped with some advocacy, because that's the only satisfaction I'd ever get out of it.   On the flip side, I've found tons of meetup.com groups dedicated to hiking and have had lovely experiences with them.
As I said, I'm assuming it was a screwup somewhere. But they never worked with me to fix it. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
&gt; My money's on the problem being with the 'leadership', or total lack thereof.  Absolutely. I've worked in locations with terribad leadership before. It feels a lot like this. Communication is lacking because internally, there really isn't any communication. Things get proposed, deadlines get laid, and without communication internally, things that turn out to be obviously bad just get pushed out.   The question is what management *is* doing with their time. Sadly, only management can answer that question. From the trenches and from the bleachers (ie: the players) it's impossible to tell.
