I got an hour and a half of sleep last night. I'm not sure if I want to die or if I want everyone else to die, but one of those things.
Times of year I am typically this excited:  Start of football season   Beating UGA in anything
If you ever get the chance to drive around Vegas after playing NV, definitely do so. The strip/city itself isn't too accurate - the real world streets are wider, buildings taller and more densely packed, but the area around Vegas is actually remarkably well displayed in the game - Primm, the location of Boulder Springs, the Dam, the general geography. Was a fun trip for a nerd like me.
Fitting then, that Honest Hearts is one of my favorite experiences in that game. I feel it was woefully underrated by most.
Oh! You're totally right, I misread.  Well then, maybe I just have bad taste. HH was great though. OWB was better, but I still like wandering about the HH terrain/interacting with the tribes.
Given that we have no idea if pre-orders will come back up, if it doesn't get resolved I'll happily buy that second copy off of you ;)
And now I can begin drinking for reasons that don't involve football. See you beautiful bastards in a few months.
Pathfinder zombie apocalypse. Actually got off to a really good start, but for a variety of real world reasons it failed. I don't want to get into too many details unless people are really interested, but I was super pumped for it and I still regret it never happening.
This has happened to me before as well, and it is indeed scary as hell. The last time it happened (and the last time it will happen, it's hotels or rest stop naps for me from now until forever), I woke up the next morning to discover that the gate to my apartment complex had been driven through and destroyed, and I had *no idea if it was me that did it*. Turns out it was some idiot getting cocky with a moving van, but to just *not remember* bits of my driving a 4 wheeled death machine was a bit terrifying.
Similarly, my chin beard hair (between jawline and lower lip) is all fucking blonde for some reason. Rest of my beard? Reddish brown. So it looks like I have this giant empty patch, when actually there's hair there but you can't *see* it. I guess I don't really need makeup, but rather beard dye, but where the fuck do you get hair dye for men? It's all targeted at old balding dudes.
All the main PCs teaming up is probably my top desire, that would be humorously good fun. Also romancing scout Harding what the fuck she is so great whyyyy
Yessss! Except I'm awful at DST. I always end up burning something down accidentally, or getting everybody mauled by a walrus.
It's totally understandable. /r/nfl is already fucking overrun with posts, imagine if you added on 33% more "ugh my fantasy league"  also I just noticed this post is 23 days old, but whatever I'm responding to you anyways because my season is done and I have nothing to live for.
It went down in flames. I've been single for 6, actually 7 years this July, because her emotionally (and eventually and finally) physically cheating on me, as well as losing the friends we'd made together to her side of the breakup, left me emotionally isolated and depressed, and I've never really shaken it off. I have trouble trusting people emotionally, I find it hard to talk to women flirtatiously because I'm terrified of being hurt again, I have enormous self-esteem issues, and so I'm just romantically on auto-pilot, doing nothing and getting nowhere.  Thank you for asking though. Seven years and you're the first person to inquire. I could probably talk about it more, but, well, I don't want to punish you for asking ;)
Ha!  Single, hairy male. A bit overweight, but slowly making that not true anymore. Not going to go out a lot, but really enjoys being around people. Probably going to push for some outwardly normal but secretly nerdy reference for children's names in some hypothetical future. Shallow as fuck.
Wearing a trenchcoat, smelling just a little bit weird, not smiling.
Finally got around to watching Master of None the past couple days. Good show, but now I'm depressed as fuck. What the hell Aziz?
Yes yes feed my jealousy, it will only make me quit my job faster.
&gt; white knight  Might be the first time I've been called that and not felt like it was an insult in... ever?
Hah, God I remember this, living on campus at the time. Ah to be young and doing stupid shit.
It wasn't any one sentence, but a semester in a human studies course in college finally got it through my head that other people were as complex as I was.  Before I was a pretty selfish, pro-free market, libertarian, sink-or-swim kinda guy. I had to change after that. I care more about justice and equality now, I think for the better.  e: lol, of course this wouldn't be a popular sentiment on a default sub. Empathy is not a bad thing to have! Your bitter downvotes are wasted on me
So what I'm hearing is that I'm never working out ever again? Thanks for giving me an out on the New Years Resolution I guess.
Well fucking everybody is sick at work, so I'm functionally here by myself, but of course I've got the immune system of a lesser divine being, so no fucking sick days for me!  /grumble grumble  only upside is that I can sit here and cruise reddit and not^give^a^fuuuuuuu^uuuuuck
God how in the fuck are you supposed to dress for work but also dress warmly? Sitting here in a button up shirt that's like eight microns thick freezing my poor useless nipples off. Doesn't help that building management is apparently allergic to running the heater.
Agree. And if somebody mentions the fucking Steelers I'm going to buy a 10 pack of terrible towels and light them on fire.  edit: not really, i'm poor
Go Bills! he said, crying.
Sorry about your sleep problems OP :(. I had some trouble sleeping last night myself, but it was more "oh hey you stayed up until 2am" problems (i.e. self-inflicted).
I hope I don't, if that counts. I don't dwell on the alternative, because it's the consequence of failing to survive.
Pshaw I'm just gonna start hanging out in the IRC until everybody likes me, even if it kills me.
I wouldn't even know where to begin. Call my mother?
I have a bit of a cold, which is making everything in my life just *slightly* worse.
Yeah. My last lingering defaults are IAMA and AskReddit. I dunno that I'll unsub from IAMA but AskReddit is on the chopping block soon. Just need one more absolutely garbage thread to finally push me over the line.
I'm home, I'm in my Darth Vader PJs because I'm 12, and I'm drinking a beer. Shaping up to be a good evening.
Weird, I'm also rewatching it right now, though I'm mid season 2 right now which is perhaps less stellar than I remembered. I blame Brendanawicz.
I find myself in the awkward position of not only agreeing with a Pats fan, but now putting myself in a potential situation where I'm dying on Downvote Hill with one.  Such is the evil of Mel Gibson.
Somehow my brain transitioned from Yeezy to DMX and now I have X Gon Give it to ya stuck in my head.
There's a sale on the ultimate subs right now apparently, but I'm thinking Italian on white with provolone, spinach, and spicy mustard.
i'm f5ing this thread like it's my job
Ok so that was a solid experience. I liked /u/_dubs suggestion of doing this again next week.
That's what I thought I remembered! I'm glad I wasn't utterly crazy.
I remember not getting what was goin on here when I was a kid.
It's a word I learned mid-puberty, when it became apparent that I was probably going to be a wookiee
We pretty much just drank. Might do something next Friday as well, sounds like.
I was thinking "what she's out of her mind" but it's midnight and there's still 45 minutes to go in the movie and well, you were right.
Bahaha, if I'd had the contents on hand I would've.
I'd like to thank the party people from the Watch threads for my hangover this morning. I dedicate this headache and previous weird poops to you.
what the hell I *litrally* just rewatched that episode an hour ago
I'm only really any good at the 'oh god the war's over, somehow piece your life back together from the field of shattered dreams, dust, and echoes' part, but if that counts I'll happily share stories ;)
I'm angry at both of my closest friends, which probably sounds like some kind of juvenile garbage, but it sucks because they are my bros (I was best man at each of their weddings). I don't really know what to do about it.
"I am a self-made orphan AMA"
