I remembered being a bit perplexed when they revealed the epithets of the Four Emperors, and that Charlotte Linlin's was "Big Mom". I wondered what the story behind a title like that could be, since its a bit weird to label a pirate that.  I sure as hell didn't expect it to be so literal! A 120+ member family all directly descended from her!? DAMN! She's like OP's version of Genghis Khan!
The PIN only applies with to one player and everyone else gets knocked away. However if they are unfortunate enough to still get caught between the wall and charging Reinhardt (likely due to very close proximity), they will be squished as well and take the full charge damage.  I once got a POTG by using the ult and charging down a Roadhog in Kings Row. The one charge managed to net me 3 eliminations from 80-100%.
Between screwing up an item run on M-Abomasnow's comp and repeated failures to capture Kingdra (finally Great Balled it), I've burned quite a lot of money. Luckily its a rather relaxed week.  Does anyone have details on Kingdra's Whirlpool ability? From my experiences its a rather simple "delay for 1 turn" type ability, but seems to feature an alarmingly high proc rate. It triggers frequently on 3-matches, and almost always on a 4-match.
Yep! Big One Piece fan here, and I loved Bellamy's Bane Bane Fruit powers, though I felt he underutilized its potential in many ways. However, I took inspiration from a myriad of other sources to further develop the power; Hitmonlee's limbs in Pokemon, Mario's Spring powerup in Galaxy (for terrain traversal), Luffy himself when it comes to force absorption and a healthy dose of physics.  Springs can pack a shocking punch to them, on account of being massive force multipliers. It feels like a very simple power that manages to be similarly flashy and powerful, and I designed it similar to Iida Tenya's Engine in that it's a power you can realistically see used by a pro hero in the manga.
What an interesting idea. He's like Emporio Ivankov from One Piece. He's probably really confusing to be around though, since figuring out what pronoun to call gender-changed people can be difficult sometimes (speaking from personal experience with my friend's... sibling).  What other pheremones can be generated beyond these types?
I wouldn't mind, but I can't seem to find the profile. It seems to be buried underneath the pile of other submissions...  Maybe copy paste it in a PM?
I derped out and forgot to pack a proper team. Hell, I haven't even captured this damn thing yet.  My planned team is M-Gengar, Mamoswine, Zekrom and maybe Magnezone.
There are only so many Po4+ Pokemon. I personally find it great as a complement in cases where you don't have enough Po4+ Pokemon for an Expert.
I really like how Tsukauchi was presented in the anime. His debut was really meh in the manga, so seeing him adopt such a responsible role here and wearing his full detective outfit was really nice. They really did well in expanding his interaction with All Might too.  LOVED Mic and Ectoplasm's debut, and the anime expanding further on the rest of the teachers was great too. Really helped to show that even though All Might is #1, the rest of them are really forces to be reckoned with in their own rights. The two of them are practically a living sound nuke and one man army respectively.  Snipe's takedown of Shigaraki was absolutely brutal! Was it that tough in the manga? All I remembered was the two calling a retreat.
Try finding a local community. Pokemon's so widespread it'd be a surprise if nobody around you plays.  Here in Singapore we have a community for all levels of play. Naturally it caters to high level competitive play first, but its still a great place for casual players and those who just enjoy the series.
I've been a sucker for Visual Novels ever since I picked up Ace Attorney as a kid, and was subsequently very very disappointed when I got older and learned Ace Attorney was a rare exception in a genre populated by poor writing and dating sims.  That said, Twitch Dates Pokemon and Pokemon Academia Life actually look really well made! I heard about TDP during the stream's heyday (dropped out after Emerald personally), and thought it was absolutely mad in premise, but it actually getting finished surprised me more than I thought. I wouldn't mind throwing myself back into the world of absurdity that was TPP.  Academy Life looks more pedestrian, but one of my favorite aspects of Pokemon is the world building and characters, and while the main series does fantastic on the former the latter tends to be a bit more neglected. Playing through that just for some lighthearted fun would be nice. Though the artstyle making every male buff seems really odd.  Also your screenshot shows Skyla in something that isn't her ridiculous outfit or emphasized her boobs like who knows how many artists tend to do. Considering how she has a genuinely nice character, the shot of her just being a normal girl got more plus points than I'd expected.
If you loved Ace Attorney, I heavily recommend Ghost Trick.  Ghost Trick is an old DS game made by the same dev team behind Ace Attorney. I consider it one of the greatest games ever made, and while it adopts a VN style of storytelling, the gameplay was incredibly unique and integrated alongside the narrative in ways I'd never seen before.  Ghost Trick's story was so good, I was confident enough to use it as the foundation of my 4000 word IB Literature essay while everyone else was using conventional stuff. Got a solid B.
I did it by accident the other day. Caught Deoxys itemless too.  Totally doable, just unlikely as all hell. M-Gengar, Giratina, Darkrai and Absol is your team.
I enjoyed Dagashi Kashi! It was a slow paced, but relaxing comedy show and it was fun to tune into to watch a bunch of friends just hang out and do stupid stuff together. Reminded me of my school days and friends too before everyone got pulled for mandatory national service, so it was quite nostalgic and cozy!  My country also has a lot of traditional snacks, so it was also a bonus.
Nothing in particular. It just needs to be Male and have 5 IVs. I'm willing to take any Pokemon.
Ah, no worries then! I hope you manage to find what your looking for!
Question. What does the speed on Golem help it beat? I'm puzzled because Golem has a naturally poor 45 Speed, so running Jolly + Max Speed seems rather counter intuitive unless you aim to outrun something.  Also, what Pokemon does Rockium Z help Golem KO?  Sorry, am kinda curious because I've been wanting to use A-Golem for a long time but have had no clue how to raise one.
Tokoyami is understandable actually. He has been noted many times to be a strong mid-range fighter who is awful at close combat.  I'm more shocked that Shouji and Yaoyorozu got beat.
Alright then, I'll be ready whenever
I'm impressed by the extent of your research! And yes, you are right that ships are often full of anti-fire measures due to it being a massive risk when sailing (had a friend who got drafted into the navy for some time).  Also, don't forget to include your strategy to actually fighting against your villainous opponent. If security is truly well-made, you should certainly end up confronting one another at some point, so you will need to add how you intend to fight/take him down. Dousing a person with the extinguisher is funny and makes complete sense, but you'd still need to detail the ensuing fight that happens after he gets hosed with extinguisher foam/gas.
I just gave up and started playing Unranked more. Levi and Piercing Rune are obnoxious as heck, but unranked has room for a bigger deck variety and some interesting builds.  Daria seems fine overall, since she does vomit out her whole hand and can be controlled down decently well enough. Its mostly Levi and Piercing Rune's low-cost high damage that are the problem. It racks up pain shockingly fast while clearing away your board.
Rubbish. The entire premise behind his argument is that Piercing Rune and Levi have costs that are so stupidly low that they can be spammed super easy.  You said those spells could've been saved for board control, but bear in mind the entire point of Piercing Rune is that it hits face WHILE hurting a follower, essentially being a mini-Dance of Death that costs 1 point. Levi is absurd, because evolving him lets you rush something with buffer stats AND gets you a versatile attack card while still leaving you with mana for whatever. For reference, Dragon Warrior does a similar job as Levi, but costs 4 mana, has one more health and cannot hurt face. Rune's cards help stabilize the board WHILE damaging the opponent, which makes them super difficult to properly manage. Also keep in mind those 1pp spells will help spellboost ridiculously fast.  Imagine an empty board, with the Rune player on Turn 5. He can drop Levi, evolve him and Rush a follower, play 2 Piercing Runes and kill another 2 (one of which is probably an evolved follower), and drop Crimson Sorcery on face. That's lets him kill 3 followers, gain 3 spellboosts AND deal 7 face damage. All in one turn at Turn 5. How the hell do you recover from that? This isn't even counting the amount of potential chip damage he can deal with Arrow, Magic Missile, Blade Mage or whatever, and Daria lets him slam down a board so big that they don't even have to bother expending spells to kill enemy followers.  It's so disgusting, I've had to build an entire Guardian Sun deck based around setting big wards and healing like mad to offset Rune from getting cheap and easy damage/tempo gain, which is the only deck I've got that manages to beat Daria Rune 80+% of the time. Honestly, the amount of face damage a player suffers is ridiculous: I'd probably have been dead twice over if not for all the heals. I can't even play Shadow and meme in peace anymore.  Face it, Levi and Pierce are broken as hell. Daria by herself is fine, because her mechanic works effectively, but those two cards give way too much value.
Great! I'll get breeding.  I also have a Sports Combee. Interested in that one?
Recommend just not bothering with Ranked so soon. Just take your time in Unranked to learn the game, get some Card packs and enjoy yourself.  You can start ranking when you feel ready. I myself didn't really start playing Ranked until I had goofed off for a few months and decided I had enough to start trying.
Clarence is the reason why I love Doduo.
I'm online now. I'll be waiting for you in plaza
I ain't. Gonna be in school for the next...12 hours?
Holy hell that is a tragedy. Thank goodness the anniversary event will help give you a leg up on rebuilding.  Hope you end up doing well on the route to Masters!
Ah! So that explains it! I wasn't aware that the Japanese localized Looking Glass as "Alice and the Mirror World".  For the record, I'm not using translation software. I was reading it myself using my own amateur knowledge in kanji. Had no real choice but to output a direct translation and wonder about it.
Yep he's the head chef. No, he's still alive.
This was not the Queen I was hoping to get as a Legendary for the Wonderland Expansion...
I know Blood will end up getting Belphegor or Dom because Japanese audiences want fanservice, but I'm actually really hoping Veight wins.  It's mostly because Urias and Vania fanart exists and is really cute, so having Veight means the three end up getting fanart of them as a family, with Urias as a "dad".  Basically vote Veight because vampire family fanart.
Ah. My mistake. I read his Last Words wrongly.  Well then we're all just fucked.
Gabriel, Olivia, Wolf, Daria (both in the same pack!), Minthe, Roland, Israfil.  LOVING my luck with the free anniversary packs so far. I'm still missing emblems for half the ToTG Legends and Sahaquiel, so hopefully the lucky streak continues.
My favorite moment in recent games was getting that matchup, getting a godly hand draw and proceeding to ramp up to 10 by their turn 6.   The amount of SATISFACTION received after dropping Bahamut and destroying their board of one 11-attack Frog and 3 amulets was one of the best feelings I'd had in this game.
I can't believe you were crazy enough to throw Roland on top of all that amulet spam. I was expecting you to have gone with Frontguard instead.
Maintanence has started. Glad I finished my last daily.  See you guys on the other side.
Right. Was having ptsd from before the catacombs nerf.
I've honestly missed the 10+ turn games. I hadn't realized how stupidly fast the game had gotten until Rotation came in.  I can actually afford to skip T1/T2 without outright losing the game now.
Sadly, every other amulet that could be good with him is not. Am legit disappointed from my experiments
Colias Palaeno, the single most suspicious-looking person in AA1.  Seriously. Eyes perpetually closed, hands clasped and rubbing like an evil mastermind, being overly friendly when he had no reason to.  Took most of the case before you get convinced he really has no secondary agenda and actually is a super nice guy with questionable mannerisms.
But you'll need the physical copy to wrap up as a Christmas present.  I like packaging my presents with paper and other crap so it looks like a book.
Got the sleeve on first day, emblem earlier today
Going second? Aiela says hi.
Yes you can. He comes from 5km eggs. I've hatched one last week.  You've probably been a bit unlucky. Keep at it and I'm sure you'll find one eventually. Best of luck on finding your Lilypad (and eventually pineapple) duck!
The match had dragged on for a long time.  By this point I had already spent one Zeus and all my Sahas, while he had played all his Scythers and 2 Bahas, so I was confident he didn't have another Baha.
Usually the response to seeing Dirt followers is to spend removal on them to minimize damage. Summoner is a great tutor but is pretty useless for trading.  I started the expansion playing midrange Sword and Daria Rune. I only switched to Ramp Dragon after having gotten fed up with Burn and deciding to search for its "counter deck" instead.  The only reason why I'm using Ramp is out of annoyance with Dirt. Which is why I'm trying to seek out a more reliable alternative which doesn't involve me praying to the RNG gods for a Ramp highroll into Baha every single match.  The matchup is pretty much a question of "how much Ramp + heal do you have" vs "how much Burn/Illusionist" did they get. There's not much way to really "win through playing well", since Dirt pretty much ignores everything you put down to block them with anyway.
You mean your Hauler hoodie came in
Does the GM win streak bonus still apply for next month?  I'm quite close to Rotation GM, but have no interest in playing Unlimited atm due to it being a roachfest
Surprised to see Steven get ranked number 1, although it's nice due to getting the Steven/Chain pair. Was expecting Klaus or Leo to get #1.  Hope Bones makes a S3. I've loved the show since the first season and want more.
