The official timeline ruined the really comfy head canon that I had concerning that. I had convinced myself that Wind Waker &gt; Hourglass &gt; then Oracles/Awakening interchangeably, all with the same link from WW, because why else would he be sailing around?
I haven't read the article, but when I worked with kids they seemed like the only group that unanimously liked long hair on men. Even the ones that said I looked like a girl would follow it up with saying that it was cool.
I live in Cocoa Beach, so I'm at shows pretty frequently, which is as irrelevant as your question. How can anyone possibly think that NXT is some obscure, low key scene? It's probably more known and watched than TNA.
That's not that weird. My facebook occasionally suggests me old online friends too, because I used the email address to sign up that I used to talk to them ages ago, and so did they.
I don't want to lose my internet points, I can cash them in on the secret VIP store
&gt;For context: Me and my friend (not the guy on this pic) we are indie developers  &gt;portal styled puzzle game!    lmao okay keep on keeping on I guess
My neighbor's dad and I used it for Mortal Kombat moves.
My computer's audio in/out are broken, so I can't use speakers with them. The computer's built in speakers work fine, but they're not loud enough for what I want, since I'm hooking my computer to a projector and using it to play a film. I have a USB with extra audio outs in the mail, but I need something for tonight. I wanted to use my phone, which I already use as a USB mic/camera, and its significantly louder speakers in the meantime.
Please don't use metaphors that have to do with vehicles, like "break", okay? I identify as a moped and I'm tired of this systematic oppression of my kin by cisshit white /walkers/ like yourself. You don't have any command over us.
I'm using it now, and running into some issues.  First, I can only seem to get it to connect via wifi. What I really want is a wired method.   Second, it worked fine when I tried to play music. Some distortion, but nothing much. But when I use it for videos, like youtube, I can hardly hear anything. Just very faint distorted noises.
Apparently the distortion is on my end, so using this app for what I want isn't going to help anyway. Thank you for trying, though.
It sounds like my headset is underwater. Everything plays fine with my speakers, but through headphones it get distortions. Echos with music, if it's a song the music is loud and the vocals are faint, and everything seems to echo and change pitch. I thought the issue was my audio out port, hence wanting to use my phone as a third party, but it was giving me an issue with this app too, so I did more experimenting. USB headphones give me the same problem, and I know the USB port is good, and I know all the headphones involved are good. Right now my "fix" has been changing the balance to all left or right while on my headphones. No more weird distortion, but that's definitely not my ideal solution.
I'm a retarded child and still amused by unexpected dickbutts
Well, he does say that he likes posing Gary's Mod stuff. That's more or less part of the "game".   Really, other than being a weird furry, this isn't that bad.
I can't imagine anyone on the sub is so old that they've never seen how a teenage girl from the 80s until now writes.
When I was young, I remember being told that plants grew better if you talked nicely to then. Little me concluded this as bullshit when I practiced all my profanity on an aloe plant in private and it never died.
My brother had no idea that The Rock was a wrestler and wondered why he kept appearing on wrestling shows. He's 16 and has never once given a shit about wrestling, so I can understand that. He was like, "oooh, so that's why he has a stupid nickname".  Weirder though was hearing girls in highschool wondering why he has that name. "Why doesn't he have a normal name, why does he use that??" It blew their minds when I told them that he used to wrestle and that was his ring name. That was like six years ago, so surely even if they never cared for wrestling, their childhood coincided with his rise and it would've came up at least once.
Yeah, even though I'm the one nutting on his face and making him call me daddy.
Yeah but that's because you're a social outlier that keeps spaghetti in your pockets.  I mean, it is fucking retarded, but so are most trends. It's perfectly reasonable for children and teens doing a children and teen thing that's currently popular with children and teens.
Hell, they're not even my wrists and I regret it right now.
I'm a fucking loser. I do stupid shit and I'm ass in social situations and I used to eat lunch in the library to be alone in high school because I couldn't talk and eat at the same time without getting anxious. I'm ugly and I breathe through my mouth and I like shitty shit. There's not some crazy biological archetype that makes your predisposition to not get girls. Yeah, there are some unchangeable qualities that people can have, but they're not "designed" to make you single. There's someone out there for everyone, just sometimes you have to bathe a bit more often to get them.  If these guys would stop jerking themselves off about being pathetic, they'd be able to make friends and feel better. Yeah, you can still be shy, it can still be hard. But if it's worth it, you can make the most out of it.  I have an online friend like that and I try explaining that and they just act like I'd never understand.
Hell, my English friends can only identify Florida, Texas, Alaska, and Hawaii, and then which sides of the country California and NY are on. One insists this is only from television and video games.  I'm going to send them a blank map and ask where they think Oklahoma is.
Moose was in his life at that very moment
I was at an indie show the other night and the heel had a ONE FOR FIFTEEN (two for twenty) chant in reference to his shirts at the merch table. It was pretty good.
I'd like want to click links. If it's supposed to comedy, it's not a clickbait news article. I want jokes more drawn out than a one liner.
My biggest fault with UPlay is that I have to use it. I bought Blood Dragon and Black Flag on Steam, but Steam has to launch UPlay to launch them. That's dumb.  But the client itself has never actually given me any issues. Steam has hung up and crashed on me a lot more than UPlay ever has, but it also gets more use.
My best times with Spore were the ones leading up to buying it.
In the 90s I used to see dead baby sharks stored in jars of  formaldehyde for sale regularly in stores the beach.
I think that's a completely unrelated issue. My claim was from personal experience. Now admittedly, I'm an idiot, and I don't consider myself some genius who was failed by public schooling. I'm an average at best scholar no matter how you slice it. But in school, I always had trouble in the classroom setting. It was always too noisy for me, always too busy, and I had trouble focusing because of it. I always felt stressed by being surrounded by so much movement, even if it was just people writing or turning pages. It was too crowded for me to get comfortable, and I was too uncomfortable to really give it my all. My grades routinely suffered for it, because I worked so slow, because it took so long for me to gather my thoughts.   Midway into my senior year I just completely withdrew from on campus classes, and took them online. In the same school's library, so I could still have face to face interaction with the instructors. I did a lot better. In college, I did a combination of online classes, and found classes that were significantly smaller in size than usual, and I still did better.   I don't pretend that the school system failed me or that education is a sham or some shit, I think I'm just retarded and get anxious in small rooms with more than 20 people in them. But because of my experience, I'm sure there's other people whose brains also work in different, sometimes stupid, ways that also can't do their best because of how classrooms operate.
Roman Reigns. Sika runs the indie scene around here and he showed up once or twice that I saw
Your neck apparently, jesus christ is the frog orange because it's part giraffe?  edit now I feel bad :(
In defense of your totally serious and unironic opinion, the "kids and great aunt ethyl" line does hold water. I like showing my little brothers cool wrestling, and the swearing would dissuade me.    That said, I probably wouldn't be showing them a GOD match anyway.
Personally, I'd have never put him on that level.   But a lot of people disagree. If it were only a few, I'd pass it off as just them buying the WWE narrative, but I'm willing to accept that I'm just wrong. Really though, I see him as between them and guys like Jericho, and still under HBK, Taker, and Kane. Austin, the Rock, and Foley were the big big three as far as I'm concerned.
&gt;murloc sounds  It's hilarious because when I said "rest in peace", I was so ready for whatever stupid noise he'd make. I was hearing "pea-yuuuuuus". I was not ready for that gargling.
I suspected that I was nobody, thank you for reinforcing it
When Cody Rhodes used to do that Disaster Kick off the ropes. It was so simple and could work any time. Not an elaborate move or anything, but I loved it.
Many moons ago, in jolly old England, there were two sports. Rugby football, and Association football. When the New World began to get populated, the settlers were deathly bored. They needed a sport to play, a fierce and aggressive one that complimented their new home. They decided to play rugby football, because association football was for sissies. And since no one played the other kind of football, it didn't make sense to distinguish their football as the rugby type, so they just called it football. When girls and small children wanted an easy game to play, they revived as**soc**iation football, with the decidedly Oxfordian name of soccer, as football was now solely represented by rugby football.   Meanwhile, in England, where homosexuality was less stigmatized, association football was more popular, so why bother clarifying which type of football it was when it was the only one that was regularly played?  Note: I think this is somewhat true, but it's actually just a stupid macho American explanation that a Canadian friend told me, and soccer is super cool and I can't really make sense of American football, as an American
Every adult that I knew who watched wrestling in the attitude era was pirating their ppvs anyway, so that's my anecdotal.   The network is too convenient, thankfully. But even I have to use a stream for Raw sometimes, so I can speed through it. 3 hours is too much. Didn't they used to do a recap show on weekends?
Wow, interesting. I only had a passing knowledge of the guy as far his initial claims to Christian fame, and had never heard that. Just read into it, gave me a lot more reason to continue not really giving a shit. It seems to go well passed "of it's time" Jew hate.
I went to a live event a little while before Adam Rose was released, and he had match. Crowd was pretty quiet, especially for him, and I was near the ring on the floor, and I cheered for everything the guy did. Afterwards I tweeted @ him about how he made my night or something else marky like that.   Never got a response. Broke my heart. Or it would've if I wasn't with a friend who said they'd buy me a slice of pizza if I went nuts for Rose.
We used to have a mailman that would always leave a little pile of cat food at the end of our driveway (closest to the house) because my cat would always sleep on the end near the road too close to the mailbox for him to pull up. He figured since he was getting out to shoo my cat anyway, he might as well make it not too much of an inconvenience on my fat ass cat.   Nice guy. Smart cat.
As long as the door isn't easily opened, I'm fine with it. Have it locked/chained, and it has to forced open, not held open by a ref, and it's alright. If the goal is escaping, escape by any means.  I'd rather just have more cage matches where the goal isn't escaping, and the cage is meant to keep them in or to be weaponized inside and out of it.
Oh yeah, should've been clear, I've always loved the guy, just that that used to be a bit of a minority opinion
He thought it looked cool in college.
[Question]:  Whenever I launch Steam for the first time, nothing loads. It just keeps trying to load the pages with no result, including a the News popup window. Usually when I close and restart, it's fine, but that's time consuming. What do
It's funny, I do that in the time it takes my snazzy flight screen to boot up when I turn it on. I swear there's like a solid 5 seconds between the power button press on the remote and it actually turning on. Welcome to the future! My 90s tv was instant!
&gt;Loading times are exactly the same.  Mine had some poor load times after awhile, sometimes making me think the game had froze. However, other than that, it ran great and was my preferred way to play it.
Shit, that's good. I just saw a Warlord figure in Target the other day and thought that his mask would work for Kenny's Terminator mask on a custom fig.
I was in Verizon yesterday and they had a display near the front with like five flip phone models.  Some of them are still more expensive than I'm willing to pay for a phone
I wouldn't call it stupid, it's just not perfect. I had to slum it in an apartment but still had my TV. You could draw a right angle from my couch to my sink, and that TV was sat at the vertex, facing the couch, so when I did dishes my back was to the TV. Flat, I wouldn't have been able to see shit if I looked over my shoulder, but curved I could at least see who was on screen or a score or something.    I wouldn't recommend paying the extra price tag just to have something that allows you to watch a split second while doing the dishes, but it's still not a completely novel idea.
