So, if it comes with a bunch of tacticool rails and shit up front, and I don't super care about modding, it's perfect? Or perfect enough to fulfill my range blatting desires?  I ask because I may have one a friend would be willing to sell me. I want an AK pattern gun, but good fucking crikey, it's hard to know what's good and what isn't. I can figure out AR stuff well enough, I think, but for some reason, AK mystifies me.
Or peanut butter and some sort of jam or preserves. I've got strawberry, peach, blackberry, and orange marmalade.
I... I never even thought about something like this. I've been shooting for years. Holy shit. That's awesome. I think I know what my wife and I are going to be doing in the near future.
I fucked a man in Reno. Same reason.
Stahp. I can only get so erect.  And depressed, because the wife and I are trying to be responsible, so no guns for a while. Or until my friend sells me that MAK-90 he's got. Not sure how I'll hide it from her.
I see that you, too, are a Gemini. My IRL cakeday was last Thursday. A toast to you.   [Here are some old school bewbs for you.](http://i.imgur.com/q6Nimj1.png)
Someone told me once, or I had to look it up, or something. And my brain rarely forgets useless information. So now I know that I'm a Gemini.   Let's see if I remember how to do an annuity due come next Wednesday. Or can remember when to use a t-test vs. a z-test and whether it's one or two tailed in my stats class.   But yeah, I'm a Gemini. Fanfucktastic.
Wait, pictures 4 and 5 are entirely fiction.   ^I ^^told ^^^you ^^^^I'm ^^^^^terrible ^^^^^^at ^^^^^^^this ^^^^^^^^shit.
If you've got pink, that's what my wife wants. Black is fine for me. I must sleep, though; I have a 20 mile bike ride and football match tomorrow. I'm going to be so exhausted.
I too saw that picture.
I was really disappointed that wasn't dickbutt.
That was actually my dinner last night.
I bought it on Steam because I played the shit out of that game when I was a kid... but:  [This exists.](http://3d.wolfenstein.com/game_NA.php)  Wolfenstein took up roughly ten percent of our hard drive and was considered huge back then. Now... well, this.
Somewhere, I have episodes 1-6 on one single 1.44MB floppy. I'm curious if it still works.   And yeah, I bought them separately, too, because that was a silly bundle. I didn't buy Return, though, because I just wanted the classic.
I'm married... I don't need infinite nagging and headaches.
It's... it's not that bad. Probs totes better than my 9000s. I mean, there's no GripZone™, so I'd have no idea how to oper7 it.  What am I missing?
Ew. Bread and butter pickles? Gross. Roast beef without horseradish? Are you kidding me? The only way that's OK is if you've got jus in which to dip it, AND I BET YOU FUCKING DON'T HAVE JUS FOR DIPPING, DO YOU?  And if your sandwich has a sliding around problem, Sandra, put on your big boy pants and hold on to the damned thing.  Toasting? Filthy casual. Throw that shit on a griddle. Do it right. Yes, I had a griddle in my dorm room. What do I look like, some dumb frosh without a griddle?  11/10 Would mock food choices again.
I have had squirrel, and I remember liking it, but let's be honest: it was probably 25 years ago, I was with my dad when he shot it and that made it exciting, and he cooked it with a heaping pile of onion, which was delightful. And, you are very right, it was just enough to have a couple bites, so we went out to dinner afterward. Everything about the memory was awesome, so I don't actually remember a ton about the taste.  I did convince my mom to do a Boil (I think that's what it's called) for a birthday of mine a couple years ago. Which means six or seven by now, probably. She got crawdads and did it right. So good.   I'm jealous of your nonstandard animal eating selection. Does make me wonder what's around here. Hell, it's Detroit. I should be able to find something more than beef, pig, and chicken.
It's really weird seeing him like this for me; I first found out who he was when I saw Stargate. So young.  Also, if you haven't seen him in Boston Legal, well, you're missing out. He and Shatner are awesome.
What's funny is that fifteen years ago, these prices were painfully high, and OPEC was doing fine. If I had to guess, they just adjusted spending with the last decade of huge oil prices, and are suffering for it now.   Part of me really likes lower prices, even though I got rid of my car, because who doesn't like spending less? However, the problem is our long term memory is for crap, and we aren't necessarily pushing as hard on fuel economy or alternative fuels right now.
Except Elon Musk. I'd really like to buy a Tesla next time I have to buy a car. However, until then, I love living in a city where we can work with one car and I can bike or walk to the places I need to be.
You want custom, one off, extra dank maymays? I got what you want.  [Just](http://imgur.com/jf1YPP1) [a](http://imgur.com/quDtUSE) [few](http://imgur.com/bY88Vzv) [examples](http://imgur.com/8hS2yUJ) [of](http://imgur.com/KT8pMP0) [my](http://imgur.com/687pngY) [work](http://imgur.com/8KE2DLA).  Just don't tell Johnny Lawman.
I fucking love you. You're hilarious. Seriously. When I get done with school, I'm going to buy some stuff from you. Trying to convince my dad to build an AR on one of your lowers, too.
Speaking as a barista, that's not how that works. That's not how any of that works.   I hate Starbucks more than Oh\*o.
Huawei was garbage when I was repairing cell phones. It wasn't garbage only in comparison to ZTE phones, but I would not have purchased any of them. Same reason I wouldn't buy an HTC now. Those were pretty crap once you got into them.
I lived in a Hill House on a college campus once.   I'm sure there are lots, but, you know, a little weird.
Got saved to my imgur account seven months ago.   And I do most of my shitpost shenanigans during class. Or did. Last semester was brutal, and this semester isn't shaping up to be much better.
It... it wasn't that great. My wife and I did not like it at all, at least when you can have butter. That being said, though, I can see the appeal, at least theoretically.  But, try it. It might be your thing. It's just not the second coming of... Anthony Bourdain? Wait, he's still alive. Bowie? It's not the second coming of Bowie or his Bulge.  Now, you want to talk about outsides, grill it up, lift it out of the pan, and sprinkler shredded cheese about sandwich sized and then pace sandwich back on that. Crispy cheese outer? Oh, yes.
I could be interested in hearing more, as well. I also live in SE Michigan.
Just got the game a couple days ago, and I'm in my first play through now... I fell like I just got that map. Damn Cradles. So many of them.  Brewtal.
I was Facebook friends with this girl I knew back in high school a couple years ago. She started using an app when they were newer on Facebook about how her baby was so many weeks along and the size of a healthy dump or whatever.  Turns out that was one of the quickest way to get deleted from my friends list (and no, I'm not implying my friends list is special or anything).
Because the last physical media drive I own is DVD, and I'm not buying a BluRay, because why would I?
When Spore was announced, I was excited and looking forward to it. Then the DRM was announced, and I cancelled my order. My roommate had it on my computer the day before release cracked and running everything except for downloading other peoples' species. Pirated a couple other games, too.  Then I started using Steam, and I don't think I've pirated a game since.   Yup, turns out that a quality service disincentivises piracy. Who woulda thunk it?
I never thought I'd watch a ten minute video about hand making rasps and find it so fascinating, but here we are. Thanks for that.
(My dad owned the Boats, Beaches, Bars &amp; Ballads tapes when I was a kid. Later the CDs. We used to listen to that in the car a lot. I'm not a parrot head, per se, but yeah, I've got a soft spot for Jimmy.)
My Guinness.
When I bought my first serious handgun, the website also had Nagants for $86. I seriously regret not buying at least one.
I've got almost no Glock experience, but Sig also has that reputation. The one error I've had between my Sigs was entirely my fault with an aftermarket magazine. I managed to stuff an extra round, and it held tightly enough against the feed lips that the slide couldn't strip it off. That's it. My fault. Got rid of the aftermarket mags after that and went with OEM. Otherwise, they go bang when they should.
Given my experience with Sigs thus far, I'd probably take one sight unseen from the FBI. I got a P6 a few years ago, and it's been a rock solid gun so far.
Are they hard to find, though? I decided that's what I wanted for my graduation present, and my uncle and I worked through everything and I had one properly processed three business days later.
He drops for others. He hacks. A lot.   Trust me, I know how it works. I recharge portals with resos and burn any XMP lower than 7, and usually 8. Work is basically a vending machine with an AXA to protect against drive by damage. Three portals with 1 VRHS, 1 VRMH, and 1 RMH. Sixty hacks a burnout, and if I'm diligent, I can hit 3 burnouts by 2pm. Some of the best translator scores in the state work in my building.
See, I'm not going to argue about now, but there's a chance (slim, but a chance) that they remember getting a job at one point, and in the US at least, filling out your I9 form required ID, one acceptable form of which was an expired passport. I know for my first job, I used an expired passport to prove citizenship and right to work in this country. It had a picture of me when I was five.   (It is no longer an acceptable form of ID for that form.)
Harry Potter is pretty crap compared to some of those mentioned.   Try the Redwall series, everyone else mentioning it has been absolutely right. There's also the works of David Eddings. There are the Belgariad and the Malloreon series, which go together, and the Elenium and Tamuli series, which go together.  You could also try The Book of Joby by Mark Ferrari. Good Omens by Pratchett and Gaiman is one of the best books I've ever read.   Even though they're kind of crap, I ate up the tales of Raistlin and Caramon, and a lot of D&amp;D fiction when I was in middle school. They're like junk food.
I had to kill one the other day. One of my kittens was getting growly, and we assumed she was just being bitchy, because that's what she does. It went on for a while, because we didn't realize that she had an actual mouse, since they have fluffy mouse like toys. By the time we saw that it wasn't a toy, the only thing to do was end it quickly.   Housecats have a mean streak in them. They were toying with it.
I don't think kids are supposed to eat rounds. I could be wrong though, I haven't looked at nutritional guidelines for kids lately.
A heat gun and maybe a soldering iron? I mean, that's all we really had, and I worked at a cell phone repair place.
I took my wife to my consultation to avoid any hassles. The doctor finally got around to asking what my wife/girlfriend thought of me getting snipped. I turned to her, said "Honey?", and she said "Cut him." Doc said good enough, and I don't think he'd have given a shit either way. I mean, during the procedure, when I said I was getting an itch, he said for what he's getting paid, he had no problem scratching it for me.
Health insurance... was weird. I think it got us a discount on the procedure. And I think when I got it done we had either an FSA or an HSA. Don't remember exactly, but I think we paid ourselves. Worth it, either way.    Wait, two dogs and four cats? Holy crap. People think we're crazy for having four cats. I can't imagine adding two dogs into the mix.
Picklebacks are vodka in my group. We go to brunch, then head to Valentine, where I get their Woodward whiskey neat, and sip on that as brunch settles until it's time for picklebacks, which are Valentine vodka and McClure's. Really the only way to go. We look forward to that all month.
Had black bear sausage for breakfast at deer camp. It's delicious.
