Just ordered the French blues from him, but I didn't wait for him to update the price on the shoes (should be 80 I copped for 50 and DHL for 10) should I be worried
I was thinking about getting moonrocks also, but im leaning towards tans cos the pattern is less visible. and the sole of the Moonrocks supposedly has a greenish tint or something along those lines. I would play it safe and cop the PB or OT
I actually dont know, but when i asked if they have the "nips"/dots he seemed to know what i was talking about and linked me to his yupoo, and he apprently does have size 11.5 (EU 46) in certain styles so that would fit me (a US 12)
because i have seen bapemen's store for a while now and remember it had a lot of pages lol
nice fam wish i could find a size 12
sorry fam... theres not even TTS XL out...   btw if ur only 148 lbs theres no way u wear XXL fam... im 5 11 and like 200 and wear an L-XL
i wanna c dis
i have size 15 retail nmds ill sell to u for cheap
how do i fix it? i assumed thats what it was BUT didn't know how to fix it :(
AY I WAS BORN IN TEXAS YEET
Not anymore decided I liked em too much...
God bless u just no size 12 ;(
That's what I was sad about :(( please try and find size 12... Want more ultra boost in size 12 please bro
Same bro :( big Bois we out here
Yeah ur right I was being a pretentious fuck lmao just so many fake Travis fans that only fw antidote at my school like it's a good song but the people ruined it for me   Owl Pharaoh fans out here too dang FashionReps got depth
Ohhhhh yeah I gotchu. Also I bet this is some cheap af screen print shit but I'm still gonna buy it lmaoo
Yes. As a person in this situation I understand this
That shirt Fuego. Wish tao could get my ass some nice XL bape tees
I'm a 34-36 and it measured out to fit me right. Skinny fit tho if u got thicc thighs ur not even gonna wanna try em on (like in my case)
My duuude let's get it. If u ain't copping from the clearance section at a clearance store ur not a real FashionRepsBoi  Seriously that's me tho
Sure lemme get home first
YO just cop via taobao and plan to pick it up from a hotel deadass
how much for that ASAP shirt i would wear that
please educate me! i just saw the UNHS.net watermark and havent seen it posted so i shared :/
any w2c on these? i need dat XL
YES PLEASE. Iove vape hate the sharks n shit looks tacky IMO pls don't hate me. UNHS.net had the all camo bape hoodies with the bape logo on the front so clean
Ay I got retail  DS NMDs size 15 that might fit u bro.
my friend copped these for 5$ and 10$ just the other day... we live in seattle
Me too lmaoo I'm hungry af
But on Jordan's and other shit. U my new plug b where u at
yea im aware of that but im debating whether i should opt for agents or naw this time around... agents overcharge for shipping so much i got 10.7 kg shipped directly for 68$
Check out my man nelly for big boy shit. or pablo merch and ASSC  if u have big feet check my latest post
I got the retail all white one bro.
Nope it's DS with tags not even taken outta the bag. Didn't mean to buy it meant to cop the shoes and killed myself when I checked out from the wrong tab aha  How much would u pay for it?
Damn two other Indians we out here gang
I got it in an XL
For how much?M I would love a pair of bapestas in a size 12/13 especially kithstas
Ayyy lmao glad to see it's still helping the fam
shit the price went up on this. used to be able to get a really good batch for like 120Y :((
Costco has one really similar to this style just no supreme branding... It kept me warm AF  Peep my recent post for this non Hypebeast asthetic if ur into that
Got FOG joggers and half zip Sherpa XL DS
XL DS Fog half zip Sherpa and joggers   Based on location I could meet up (I'm in Seattle)
Half zip fog Sherpa DS
damn i wish the TLOP merch was not retail bro... i can afford them reps not retail lmao
Haha I just got this tried it on, and fit like a bag. I'd like to get my money back and cover shipping but can adjust any offers you guys are willing to make!
Man u have posted this a lot. I would have copped but I don't really wanna pay international shipping :/
US of A bro.
Damn W2C them UNC Jordan's bro?? I'm a size 12
it was a while ago so it was like 120$ shipped i believe??  rn he has mango quality jordans (H12 factory) for less than mangos rape prices which is why i fw him   ima cop some breds and y3 boosts from him soon
man really wanna pull the trigger on both those 12s :///
