When I was a small child, I told myself that when I was an adult I would have two microwaves. One for preparing food and the other for microwaving things like jelly and bricks just to see what happens .  I'm an adult now but my dream of having a microwave solely for play has not come true :-(
I'm not objecting to anything other than the statement that football has no breaks.  I'm also rapidly losing the will to live.
Oh man, I remember watching My So Called Life and the scene where Angela is dancing around her bedroom singing Blister In The Sun and I just went out and devoured everything I could find. Such an memorable moment from my childhood.
It's weird because I live in a country where guns are pretty much completely illegal and I, well, I just can't understand why anyone would want to own this sort of thing. It's like having a giant collection of knives. Not meaning to be mean but it's just seems so creepy wanting to have all these dangerous weapons around.
You should (or rather, shouldn't depending on your perspective...) watch a film called The Grey Zone.  Never has a film upset me or haunted me more. I once explained the plot to someone in an A&amp;W and we both just started crying. Even now, I don't want to think about it too much because it was just too traumatic. Felt like a little piece of me died after watching it.
You make a good point at the end. Been to lots of places in the world and the best tended to be multiethnic neighbourhoods. Always vibrant, friendly and lively and, damn, the cooking smells!  The dullest places were the completely white neighbourhoods, which usually resembled the Edward Scissorhands suburb. Dull with dull people leading dull lives.  Variety makes all the difference.
Well, that sucks. Guess it's always hard being the first.
Like my mom you mean?
I've been pronuncing it wrong the whole time.
&gt;I have a first/second date...I'm already totally head over heels.  ?
My Googles isn't working, can you help?
You joke, but I worked for a company that, for various reasons, had a client company's power bills. These people ran very power intensive businesses and their bills were huge, hundreds of thousands a quarter.   Did they pay on time? Did they fuck. The company won't cut them off because then they will pay but take their business elsewhere. So the power company just waits until they decide to pay...
I have to have my head under nine pillows before I can get a wink of sleep
I'm reasonably certain that everyone other than me on reddit is a child.
I remember that time I ate too much popcorn and had terrible constipation. I was so glad I had the right horse.
Sure, you're absolutely right.  I'm off to play pick up my basketball bat and enjoy a nice game of ice field hookey.
It is incredibly disappointing. Internationally famous, symbol of Australia and all that, right? It is a teeny strip of sand with a few cafes. Might be a good surfing beach but as a destination it is terrible. Went there with the intent of spending a whole day there and left after about twenty minutes. It's that bad...  Edit: exactly the same problem with Surfrider Beach in Malibu. Amazing reputation but it is a dirty strip of sand next to a water treatment plant. Shockingly bad. I think the problem is that these places need their reputation in order to be anything more than another small strip of sand. So they oversell what they have.
But if I was an American and I moved to Canada and loved the place and felt Canadian and got involved in Canadian rights and tried to promote Canada and everyone just assumed I was Canadian but I just never took the exam, would I really be doing anything that wrong in portraying myself as Canadian?
I work for a large credit card company. I have to remember about 12 different passwords that change every month. The only way I can do this is by saving them in an excel file on my desktop, which entirely defeats the point of having them in the first place.
For what it's worth, alcoholism is an illness. I can understand him being angry for being lied to but *alcoholism is an illness*. I could even understand breaking up with you because of problems caused by your drinking or if the lies were ongoing.  But for you to all but overcome your illness, to show the commitment and effort you have and for him to still break up with you? As the child of an alcoholic, more so than anyone, he should understand that life just isn't as simple as he would like it to be. He should be praising you, not criticising you.  I hope you find someone more understanding next time.
It always makes me slightly sad when I see this kind of reply, because it shows how far we still have to come when dealing with mental health problems.  An alcoholic is not fully responsible for their actions and it's not reasonable to judge them on the same criteria as other people. I have a close friend who is an alcoholic and he regularly becomes very very ill as a result. When this happens I sit with him and he swears that it's not worth it and that this time he's going to quit. This is the time he going to change. And he means it. He's absolutely committed to doing this. And yet two weeks later he's drinking again.  Is this really his choice? Because if he had the choice, the genuine sane rational ability to chose to act in his own self-interests, he wouldn't choose to piss his life away in a bottle. And you can make it as much as you like about his own personal failings and how he could stop if he really wanted to and how if he cared about others then he would stop and it's bullshit. The reason he drinks isn't because he doesn't care. He drinks because he's addicted and he can't control himself, not in the way you think he can.  The parallel to depression is that people often have the same belief. *"Oh, just cheer up, life's not that bad! What have you got to worry about?"*  As if it were that simple. As if they have control over it. Same deal with alcohol.  Imagine you are OP. Your boyfriend is telling you that if you don't stop drinking, it's over. So of course you say you'll stop. Why wouldn't you? You love him and the drinking isn't really an issue. Besides, you can stop anytime you like, tomorrow even. So you'll just hide it a bit. It's only a white lie anyway. Only, you can't stop. You keep drinking, not because you want to or to hurt your boyfriend but because you actually can't stop. To add to this, alcoholism is an especially insidious disease because it tells you that you don't have a problem. You ever hear the line the first and hardest part of overcoming alcoholism is recognising you have a problem? It's not just a line.  I could understand breaking up with her if he'd found out at this point - not everyone can handle someone with this kind of problem. But OP handled it already. She recognised she had a problem. She cut down massively on her drinking ages ago and is working on stopping entirely. The problem he is dumping her for is a problem she solved already. He should be supporting her, praising her for her strength in dealing with this and being understanding of why she lied about it previously. Instead, he leaves her. What an ass.  Many people, especially on reddit and especially the younger crowd, like to see life as so black and white, like the solutions to life's problems are just so freaking obvious.   *her problem is she drinks so she should just solve all her problems by stopping drinking, job done, what's her problem?*  The reality is that life's problems are not so easy to solve. You think nearly 100k people a year would die in the US due to alcohol-related diseases if stopping was as easy as just wanting to? Life is all shades of grey and expecting people to be perfect and rejecting them if they are not is setting yourself up for a lifetime of sadness and disappointment.  Edit: just to address one other point - you blame her for lying but you don't seem to recognise that her lying was simply another symptom of her illness. It's intrinsic and you cannot blame her for it without blaming her for the illness.
Every conversation I have with a social worker always ends up like this. A profound belief in your correctness twinned with complete ignorance of the subject at hand seems to be a requirement of your profession and it's especially bad with the newbies, fresh out of college and full of the invincibility granted by a term's worth of study of therapeutic models taught by someone with no medical training at all.  Still, some of them do get better with experience. Hope you're one of them.
I feel ride if I don't reply. I asked a question, someone replied and I just ignore them?
I'm buying this book and I don't care that it doesn't exist.
I know exactly where you're coming from. I've got a friend who is racist, awesome guy, cares about people, looks out for you and I've known him for nearly fifteen years. We established the fact that he is racist rather early on together with the fact that I never ever want to hear any of that shit mentioned around me ever under any circumstances or we are going to have serious words. If he kept bringing it up all the time we wouldn't be friends but it's not come up for years.
Thank you so much for this. Like you say, I don't believe that this is the sort of thing that changes as a result of pressure from outside but it is terrible to sit nearby and just pretend nothing is wrong. But, similarly, it's so easy for him to feel attacked - he's already vulnerable and feeling criticised by a friend could make it even worse.  I'm incredibly grateful for the advice and I'll see what happens...
Thank you. I agree that there is every chance he will fly off the handle as a defence mechanism but it's gotta be a price worth paying. The alternative is just to watch him slowly die.
Again, I'm sorry the bottom fell out of your industry but raging against the dying of the light ain't gonna help. Amazon can sell your product for a lot less than you can, delivery included, and I'm not going to pay more for a bed just to keep you in business.  In terms of credit cards, a) pay it off immediately and b) if it breaks five years down the line then I don't give a toss if Amazon is out of business cos my credit card company just gives me the money back.  &gt;have you finished high school yet  Many years ago, which was also the time I stopped working retail jobs...
Well, the law isn't saying you're guilty, it's saying that certain facts are assumed to be true unless you can show they're not.  There are lots of offenses where guilt is assumed based on a set of facts. For example, if you get caught fucking a 13 year old, you have to prove that you thought she was over sixteen rather than the police having to prove you knew she wasn't. If you can't do that then you're guilty, regardless of whether you actually did know.  I actually do know a reasonable amount about the law, having a degree in it. It's not a US law degree mind so I can't comment on the actual law relating to drugs found in vehicles in your jurisdiction (although it does seem likely given that this is how that law works in mine) but this is more me trying to illustrate how presumptions can shift the burden of proof in criminal cases and that it isn't the malign deal it might appear.
Thank you for this. It's good to know that this might have made a difference for you. I hope it does for him...
I will do exactly that. He can be quite angry at times and this might make angry, but this is still the right thing to do. Thanks for the advice.
On bond Street but it'd be an odd place for a date...
I adjust for this by downvoting every comment that doesn't have a score next to it
I used Mint when I lived in Canada, showed things like your total debt, net worth, interest rates and stuff like that. Made it very easy to keep on top of things.
I've actually never watched it (apart from a few minutes here and there) and every time I get slightly tempted I just have to read bits like this from the Wikipedia entry (SPOILERS OBVIOUSLY):  &gt;Meanwhile, Ben travels with John to see Jacob, the island's leader. John enters his house but finds Jack's dead father, Christian, who says he can speak on Jacob's behalf, and orders John to "move" the island. Ben takes John to an underground station in which time travel was researched. John becomes the new leader of the Others, while Ben moves the island by turning a giant frozen wheel, after which he is transported to the Sahara Desert.   It's so obvious they had the idea for a plane crash and they had no idea what to do next. No concept for what to do, no ideas for where to take it.  I don't see how that sort of sub-high school creative writing essay could ever be something worth spending time watching. I wouldn't have been surprised if they'd finished and it turned out it was all a dream...  Can't fathom how it was so successful and popular. JJ Abrams must have sucked a lot of dick to get it made.
I eat beef but I could fuck a cow without eating it, if it was appropriate in the situation.
Not an issue for me because I'm only using the return portion (I live in Brighton) but I do say that it probably breaches the T&amp;Cs. Caveat emptor and all that.   However I have travelled this route thousands of times and have never once been asked to show my return portion when travelling up to London. The risk is miniscule.  Edit: also, I'm doing this because it's cheaper than buying a single from London to Brighton and it does not breach the terms to only use the return portion.
I thank people for their call. Even when I buying something from them in a shop.
The gay sex helps too.
I may have been guilty of some hyperbole. If you want to read the article, just Google the title and click the link and it'll allow you to view it.
Noooooos, we have a 45% top tax rate and the effective top rate is even higher because you start to lose your personal allowance when your income reaches a certain level. Plus we have National Insurance contributions and have a 20% sales tax.  You pay a piddling amount of tax compared to us, which explains why so much of your national infrastructure is so underfunded.   Edit: you mean corporation tax. Oops...
Seriously, I have Google set as my homepage but if I want to use bing I type bing into the search bar, hit return and click on the link. It's quicker than typing .com at the end.
I played field hockey against my school's girls first team; I was 14 and in what was effectively the C group for my age in sports, so the nerds, fat kids etc.  We beat their ass so easily it was embarrassing.
I only speak catalan.
I went to Rome over Xmas and didn't like it all. Yes, it is very pretty but it has the feel of a poorly laid out museum, surrounded by endless tatty gift shops. I like museums but I don't want to live in one for a week. Despite being so historic, it felt incredibly fake.  Plus the food was generally very poor. Despite making every effort and spending a reasonable amount, only had one half-decent meal the whole time.
I got 'Loverly Jubberly' a lot in Egypt.
These are people who have come from war zones. These kids have had horrific experiences, seen their homes destroyed, lived in refugee camps, travelled in the back of lorries. They've probably experienced violence and sexual assault. It's no wonder that they're damaged and that leads to exactly this kind of thing. They're kids. They need help.
Most of the euros I know sit patiently in my wallet.
In my Panda
&gt;Wan thyme, I ath a hoth pothet withouth letthing ith coolth
