Just got to TH9 last week and I've gone with: AQ (as far as you can) Research, Camps, Spells (and now I have no elixir).  AQ is a big boost on offense, but she's pretty weak from the get go.  Research gets you better troops, but you also want as many as possible for your next set of raids.  I'd take a slightly small TH8 sized offense, if everyone was TH9 sized ... but that takes weeks.  In the mean time, I'd rather have the size of TH9 offenses (at TH8 strength) as it could be enough to two or three star a base.
Bumping this unit, as I'm using the same with 300/20Mb (TWC).  One feature that isn't implemented: port range forwarding.  It's a known requested feature and will come in a future firmware.  One thing I can't get "quite right": QoS, without a performance hit.    Even at 300/20Mb, I would like to put flagged traffic at lower priority.  Every time I have gotten this "working", the performance hit seems quite large.
Best way I ever killed myself: flying solo in a scout and suiciding with the guided missile.  It was near the end of the Neblan Flats (less than 30 seconds), with CTF.  I'm flying the bird solo and a bike is approaching, I fly toward the bird (making a dive) and fire the missile.  Instead of pulling up and watching the carnage, I just kept flying toward the bike.  Next thing I know, I kill myself with my own missile.
Tee off before 7AM and it will only be 5 hours!  Regular there, a great course.
Without ever really having my own swing, I watched the videos provided and went with a typical bucket at my range today with the A swing in mind.  Typically I warm up with pitching and chipping, but I just skipped it and went right into full swings.  First few shots were flush, I couldn't believe it.  The biggest change seemed to be shortening my backswing and letting the club fall into the slot.  With the A swing, I don't necessarily make a more conscience effort to swing more upright, but I *do* have to think about letting the club head fall to get into the slot.  My good shots were roughly the same distance and possibly a little longer than my previous swing and my mishits weren't as bad with the slice.  The best thing about this, it was really hard for me to hook the ball, so it could at least eliminate half of my potential misses.  Am I a believer?  Possibly.  Would I now buy his book?  Yup, it'll be arriving shortly.
The book is definitely coming my way.  This swing somewhat feels like my "old" swing (strong left grip, weak right), but I'm still having issues with getting the club's head to "drop" into plane.  When I'm relaxed it feels effortless.  When I'm loose and want to rip it, then I'm back to swinging over the top because I never let the head fall.  The book apparently has drills, I'm eager to read about them.
As a user and owner of these, I can emphatically say that this will NOT be the future for all fighting games (let alone the SF series).  These are things that are much easier for me to do on HB:  - Insta air things.  Specifically, things that don't have a height requirement.  - Comboing into Akuma's U2.  Just spam the buttons and you're good to go.  - Charge motions.  - QCF/HCF and dashing feel "faster".  ymmv.  - FADC things *are* faster, but I haven't quite mastered the timing for it.  - 360 motions are great!  It's a three button pressing: F, B, D+U+attack.  Once you learn the timing on this, it feels sneaky.  Things not so bueno:  - Tiring.  After an hour or so, my left hand is definitely tired.  I've played many hours at a time, but I'm simply not as comfy with it, compared to a stick.  Potentially a "lefty" version would play better for me, not sure.  - SRK motions don't feel as fast.  You can go F,D,F+P on the HB, but it feels slower than a 'stick with the "wiggle" motion.  The shortcut can be helpful, but it's also tiring to hold down a button and then double tapping.  - 720 motions are 100% difficult.  Yes, I've watch the tutorial.  Yes, I've put practice into this motion.  I simply can't.  - "Zig zag" motions (guile/blank ultra/super) are a little difficult than a stick.  While I can do them on both sides, I definitely prefer it on a 'stick.  There are a few characters I feel GREAT with playing and a few that I 100% avoid (typically grapplers that need/have a 720 motion).  Then there are characters I like to play, but are simply tiring to play with (divekick and charge characters, specifically).  In addition to what I posted above, the SF4 engine doesn't handle HBs all too well:  - There is a lot of height restriction on moves, so you're not going to insta air everything.  Gouken's tatsu is a terrible move, but the insta air makes it viable -- shame it has a height restriction.  - Leniency on inputs can still cause moves you don't want to come out.  While I *like* the controller, there are definitely trade offs.  Some have adapted very well to using one and I've given nearly 2+ years of using it on a weekly basis to understand my own limitations.
Hit up your local golf store and buy something there that will give you a free subscription.  For at least three years, I haven't paid for my subscriptions and they keep coming in the mail.
That's about my 6i.  It's a shame I put so much spin on the ball -- it easily rolls back about 100 yards.
Feather seem to nick me more often than any other blade.  Same prep, same cream, same razor, etc.
The question isn't just 4 or 6 cores, it's the platform you're buying into.  Getting into Z79 gives you 4 cores and a few years of upgrades.  Not all boards will have enough PCIe lanes for three way SLI, not all boards have on board m2 slots, etc.    Going with x99 gives you more cores, more PCIe lanes and more of these boards have m2 on them.  x99 also gets you into DDR4, which is where Intel is going, period.  My platform is Z79 from 2012 and I don't have an need to upgrade the CPU, yet.  I don't envision getting into a new platform for at least 2 years (likely swapping out the GPU with Nvidia's Pascal).
My tablet has started to double tap.  It's been an expensive mistake, recently.
As a Goro player, I know the feeling of having huge mobility, good pokes AND command grabs from pokes.  Nothing was more hilarious in KOF 94 when you could jump in with Goro, land six jabs and then super!  Balancing the attacks are key to having this kind of offensive power: lack of range, lack of power, lack of speed, etc.
My Mizuno's last two irons are a PW (45) and AW (50).  My additional wedges are 52/56/60 (Cleveland CG14).  While there isn't a big gap between 50/52, I've also got them reshafted with R flex wedge shafts vs. the S flex in the iron set.
Brian?
BF2 was many hours of fun.  I still have my DVD for it, but there is no way for it to import the game/key into Origin or any other service, shame!
The amount of time dedicated to working at SpaceX jives with multiple I've known in the industry and that were former employee's there.  Three people I know couldn't handle the hours (one contractor, one employee) and both left around a year or just under.
&gt; I get a weird vibe from these posts. Some kind of "I don't personally need X so I don't see why anybody else would" mentality.  Please understand that I've been installing Windows on machines since the mid 90s.  My installation experience has been via scripted (Corporate installs), netboot, floppy disks, DVD and USB sticks.  For the longest period of time, Windows' installer has had one goal in mind: get Windows onto your machine with as few clicks as necessary.  &gt; A web browser. A file manager. A hardware monitor. Just about any damn thing you can think of.  These are nice to haves, but not important for an install (ihmo).  All I want for Windows is to find the disk, update the MBR and start the multitude of reboots to complete the setup.  &gt; Why not provide a GUI to complete the rest as soon as possible? This is Mr and Missus everybody we're talking about.   Windows *is* providing you a GUI as soon as possible: you just need to reboot to do it.  I get it, you want Windows installers to be more like Linux Distro installers that are GUI based.  *I* want the Windows install to have even fewer clicks/key presses to install -- just get me to the disk selection and hurry up for the GUI.  Did you knows that one of the oldest Solaris x86 installs didn't even prompts?  You put in the CD/DVD and it takes the first disk, partitions and begins the install.  If you had some data or OS on that first drive, it was a GONER.  &gt; Let's not for a split second delude ourselves into believing the Windows installer is anything more than mediocre and barely sufficient.  Windows installer is mediocre, but it was never meant to be a power user's tool.  All Microsoft wants to do with the installer is find your disk, install Windows and get you to a GUI to complete the rest.  With that design goal in mind, it's perfectly fine.
Two keys to flying that bird:  1. Fly in third person as much as possible. 2. This bird is poor with momentum, unlike the AH and Scout.  When I do pilot this bad boy, I'm in third person a lot and tend to loiter over positions because it's climbing/descent speed is terrible, while it's turning is VERY good.
My tendency with the driver (warmed up or not) tends to be "go at it hard" and that causes my timing to mess up.  Usually when my timing is off, the path is inside out, I don't rotate my hips (will usually sway) or shoulders enough through the ball.  My warm up is generally a reminder of: turn the hips, stop at the top, turn the hips again and hold my right arm to my side as I'm swinging through.  The more I remind myself to do *all* of those things, generally I have better results.
Steak sammiches are one glorious way to eat steak leftovers.  While you had it in a main dish, I applaud that as well!  Never buy just enough protein to feed yourself, always have just a bit more and have some rice (for fried rice) or bread ready for the leftovers!
Looks like I'm playing from the whites/silvers with the rating/slope combo.  Can't wait to play, looks like a nice course!
&gt;  Most of my information has come from the Dick's Sporting Goods sales rep, who as I am realizing more and more with each comment is not a pro.   Sales reps aren't pro fitters, they are there to push merchandise.  &gt; I was not expecting to buy new clubs and get instantly better, but I do hope that the right clubs can help me get better faster.  A professional fitting will definitely help you out with that.  Once you can fix your slice, then consider getting a professional fitting as you may find that S or R (with specific shafts) are going to be a great fit for you.
This is best description I can give for what I saw yesterday during my  round.  1. Stand up tall. 2. Grip club. 3. Lift the driver above your head (arms should reach the sky). 4. Turn the club 90 degrees to your right. 5. Begin your down swing. 6. Finish on JUST your left leg.  Show that you finished on your left by hopping on your left foot, for a few hops.  This is what I witnessed yesterday, for my round of 18 holes.  No clue how the guy squared the face to the ball, but he was hitting drives around 220-230.
&gt; Swing your club like a putter.  This is the most consistent chipping technique I've used, but it lacks one item that other techniques have: stopping power.  When I want a quick bump and don't mind the roll out, then using my 56 wedge and swinging like a putter will produce roughly what I'm looking for.  There are times when I *want* stopping power and this technique simply doesn't fit.
Slants don't do as well when you want a very specific straight edge (side burns, specifically).  I tend to get another razor out just for these spots.
&gt; We need more housing and density  These are solved by going vertical -- this is easy.    What this doesn't solve: traffic and congestion.  In LA, the public transportation is not ubiquitous (and efficient) enough for everyone to be utilizing it (my commute is 22 miles, this is 3-4 hours with current public transportation).  Even with additional public transportation that is incoming, it would not solve my *current* commute.  More efficient public transportation is NOT easy in LA: geography of the land, overall size, number of different routes, etc.  We simply cannot build more homes without having transportation available.
&gt; Dude theres literally multiple rail lines (both light and heavy) under construction as well as a multitude of freeway and street improvements.It's literally never enough for NIMBYs.  You can take my commute from the South Bay to the West Side and put THAT into the rail line commute (lol).  How many north/south rail lines are there between THAT route?  NONE.  If you live in DTLA, then there are a multitude of ways to get around, but not from where I am.  There are a few specific areas where you can work in LA and be comfy with between the rail lines, but I'm (unfortunately) not close to anything of use.
I'm usually going to "save" a few things I like for round 3: overheads, more grab setups, punishes I didn't make before, FADCs (usually from normals) that I didn't use before.    Some of the best conditioning I've done is playing as Rufus and getting everyone prepped for a dive kick setup once I've scored a knock down.  Once they are fully prepped for the dive kick mix up, I go for his silly overhead and that usually throws them off their game so some basic setups are throwing them "off".
Damn peacocks come to my home too, making tons of noise and eating my fruit.  These birds are not easily intimidated to leave.
Inglewood is incredibly dense and is right near LAX's wrath of traffic hell.  Make no mistake about it, Inglewood may be better for those flying in, but it will be terrible for anyone local.  Carson is right next to the 405, 110 and 91 (while not too far from 710) -- definitely more accessible for more people.  In addition to being better for the (current) freeways, there is also much more available land to develop on.
Would love to play Riviera and LACC!  These are the two in LA that I'd do many things to play.
Between the different brands of cars I've owned, the Accord V6 engine and transmission was my favorite of them all.  There is just something simple and appealing when it's incredibly consistent, I miss it so.  I went from my Acura CL to a Lexus IS and I dearly miss what and how Honda deals with the gearing.  Almost without a doubt my next ride will go right back to a Honda V6.
Two setups with my Ogio bag.  While riding:  Closest to me (while standing behind cart, left to right): 52/56/60 wedge and putter.  Next compartment further from me (left to right): 6i through PW.  Compartment furthest from me (left to right): driver, 3W, 4H, 5H  While walking and using Clicgear: reverse the compartments to put the woods "on top", as they are easier to reach.  If I don't do this, then the woods tend to get in the way of the mesh pocket and compartment.
Once I joined an HC server on Shanghai.  Spawn in the gunner seat to find that my pilot has me at gun level where the elevator comes to the top, filled with enemies.  14 kills in less than a minute?  I could hardly contain myself excitement with so many targets.
The only reason why that's possible is due to having an MAA and plane flying through -- they tend to easily hit the AH due to their lack of mobility (compared to the SH).  I've played hundreds of hours in both birds and the SH is a much better bird up close.  Once a decent gunner is in the seat of an AH, the SH doesn't stand a chance.
Always bring a different color ball for when your landing zone may be near the driving range.  For just that reason, I have some yellow Srixon's in my bag that get used a few times every year.
Would love to ride in those FD RX-7s, but they look just so small.
Same exact 4H in my bag and it's great.  In fact, it's one of the most reliable clubs I've got in my bag.  Adams makes some quality stuff, it's my 3W, 4H and 5H.
Very safe route to walk, nothing sketchy with the area at all.  Beware: this is an *incredibly* busy street and you'll be walking at peak times.  While the exercise is great, consider using the bus at least coming home (or buy a cheap bike).  The area you're staying and working in has plenty of bars, restaurants, etc.  If you want to hit the beach, you're really not that far from it and there is plenty of good eats around there.
&gt; I'm a degenerate gambler  I like you.  We should be friends.  &gt; other being Crystal Casino in Compton  What about the one in Hawthorne?  The Hustler in Gardena even feels a bit shady.
Yanet Garcia  ... I'm a dude.
Same issue just appeared a few weeks back (and haven't used it since).  The temp didn't go through that huge range you've mentioned, but it was a consistent +- of ~5 degrees.  My unit isn't even up to a year old and I'm very concerned about it.
The only way my hair is fully manageable is with a shower wash.  If I don't shower in the AM and try to style my hair, it just flat looks funky.  Also, I prefer to shave in the AM vs. PM.
No matter the lock, thieves can cut it.  My stuff was stolen years ago at the gym due to bolt cutters and I haven't used the lockers since.  The only thing I bring inside with me are my car keys (no ID required for 24 hour fitness).  You did all the right things with your stuff and make sure to keep the police record for it.
When you match wedge shaft lengths, how do you typically go with size?  Let's say my last iron is a GW (at 50), what length would you have a 54/60/64 wedge?
Same experience with Feathers.  The first shave (after a two day growth) is usually gonna nick me somewhere.  Second shave (usually two days of growth) will generally be good.  Third shave?  50/50 where it will look like my face met a cheese grader and lost.  I *never* consider a fourth attempt with Feathers.  Same razor, same prep, same cream, same passes ... just something funky with them and me.
&gt; Cobra again with the Kuro Kage shaft and 9.5 loft setting  This is my exact shaft and loft.  Definitely the best combo when I was fitted in 2012.
Southern California!  Los Angeles up in this house!
Wilshire CC is definitely on my bucket list for the private places in LA!
