She may have also forgotten to clear her browser history, but that's a story for another day...
If I am remembering right one of the plans in Invader Zim involved hollowing out the earth...
Uncanny Valley effect. Even as a kid, Jar-Jar and Grievous just made me feel... weird. The final fight between Grievous and Obi-Wan in particular makes me feel wierd...
Hmmmm. I see what you mean. When I think about it the reason I liked that format it was because I was rewatching it after I had seen the newer episodes. There are so many clues and such in the old episodes that you really start to appreciate when you see the newer ones.   For example, you can see Connie's glow bracelet in "Gem Glow," but you wouldn't understand its significance until "Bubble Buddies." The Shooting Star in "Monster Buddies" is used to blow up the galaxy warp in "Winter Forecast." Or the murals we see in "Serious Steven" that become much more significant as the story goes on and we learn about the rebellion.  Basically, I like that there are a lot of seemingly trivial things we see in the background of the earlier episodes that turn out to be super important in the later episodes. I miss the feeling of revelation I guess.
They don't contribute at all to the main story if that's what you're wondering. Still good reads though. I love the art and it takes me back to when I was younger and used to read all my dad's old comic books. There's not a lot of plot, just the characters from the show in cute/funny situations.
Like is a relative term. I mean I like Jasper because I like villains more than heroes a lot of the time and from what I've seen of Jasper she's one of my favorite character. That might change as soon as she get more than about 5 minutes of screen time but that's the thing.  I don't really like Lapis because she's only been bitter and miserable so far, but that might immediately change  as soon as she's back, who knows.
*sigh* Yup, that must be what I sound like when I talk about MY [favorite musician](https://twitter.com/AurelioVoltaire?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor)...
Judging by the way people look at me when I try to explain who he is we must be some kind of race proto-hipster abominations.  Glad to hear someone else who knows who he is though. Actually kinda made my day.
I have a 13 year old sister who claims she hates the show. Yet whenever I come home from college all the episodes I have recorded on the DVR are on the credits. Truly a mystery.
Ducklord#1570 (Alliance)  Need Pandaren  I have: a gnome, nelf and human.
I saw a bunch of these marked down at a failing mall bookstore once. There are few things I regret as much as I regret not buying them all.
I too can eat lemons without flinching. It's a great party trick and a perfect way to freak out new roommates. I don't do it often because it's pretty bad for my teeth and the dentist told me to stop.
I know what you mean, if you know none of the characters are in danger then what's the point?   But what I'm saying is killing off a character to end their story is an increasingly common occurrence these days and a lot of the time it is a waste. Especially with villain characters. Too many stories end with "we murdered the big bad guy and his cronies, now everything is happy again."  Look at how Avatar: The Last Airbender and Legend of Korra handles things. Those are great examples the main antagonists not just being killed off and often serving roles in later episodes. You have them join the good guys, being imprisoned and reflecting on their crimes, or just changing their ways and moving with their lives.  To me it's just more compelling storytelling. The bad guys aren't necessarily just bad guys. They are people with different perspectives.  Then again everyone I know says I have too much sympathy for villains. /shrug
YOU TRY WEARING THIS 300 LB. SET OF MALE ARMOR INSTEAD! IT SMELLS LIKE A LOCKER ROOM AND I CAN BARELY SEE OUT OF THIS DAMN HELMET.
I kinda peaked with guilds when Army of the Blue Wizard was rocking Emerald Dream. No other guild really lived up to the fun I had in that one and most just hardly ever did anything.   I don't even join random guilds anymore because the invites are always too impersonal and I come back in a month and everyone's gone.
The first time I emerged into Winterspring after bubbling my wAy through that horrid Furbolg den. It was snowing and serene. I took off all my armor and took a break in a hot spring and then farmed firewater for the following week.
I leveled a paladin for the first time since tbc when I heard about the Ashbringer. I usually play a warlock and rogue
Reminds me of my shitty ex roommate that said we couldn't kick her out for smoking pot because she was pregnant.
There's a professor at my university that studies porn. He has an amazing mustache.
I've been playing for about 3 weeks and I use robust much more than ever before.
Jesus, I'm glad I barely remember anything about being young. I remember going to Disneyland and seeing goofy for the first time, only to freak the fuck out.
Why would I visit r/Turtlefacts? We're talking about tortoises!
Suspiciously unreasonable naivety.  "What do you mean I can't move into your apartment after a week and a half of dating? " "I saved this dog from the street today! I bought him from some hobo for 20 dollars!
It's something I see all the time. Bums get ahold of dogs, usually younger ones, then visibly treat them poorly and then offer to sell them to people who walk by that look concerned.   I meet a lot of college kids, almost always girls, who bought a dog off of some deadbeat on the street in an attempt to save it. Then they get overly attached to the poor mutts, which usually have behavioral problems, don't have shots or quickly develop serious health problems. I new one girl that almost sank thousands into vet operations until her boyfriend threatened to leave her and my shitty ex-roommate used to talk to this fidgety rat dog she picked up off the street for most of the day, like it was a person.  I dunno, it upsets me how out of touch with how the real world works some people are... Though the latter example was one among many "creepy" behaviors.
Tell me about it. My dad has custody of my sister and he has to pay twice the amount he gets in child support back in alimony. Not that he'd ever see a child support check in the first place.
My highschool math teacher was amazing.  "What do you want to be? Journalist? Cool, you don't need math. You've got a C, I'm gonna go ahead and give you an A. Don't take any more advanced math classes after this, the advisors are full of shit, they won't help you in college."  "I know most of you don't want to be here. You're all in the advanced math class because there are literally no other classes available. Just pay attention for 15 minutes and spend the next 45 minutes doing the homework and socializing."
My apartment managers were going to raise my rent when I went to renew. I told them that if that was the case I would be moving to the place down the street instead. Later that day they told me I could keep my current rate and I also got a pretty big cash back check for a resigning bonus.  Good thing I got that bartering perk and put so many points into charisma.
I'm an alien and this guy is an alien.
It's soooo bad for your back, shoulder and neck though. Especially with the 50+ pounds of books you have to carry in highschool.
The easiest way to kill your friendship/relationship is to live with someone. Crazy doesn't help either. If it's any consolation that bankruptcy probably fucked her over for years to come.
I stole a gummy worm from one of those bins where you scoop up your own bag. I felt so bad I didn't eat it and actually threw up from the guilty feeling.
Except for us. We were literally standing right there. Good thing none of us understand anything about Orc customs.
I am absolutely certain I will never have THAT kind of willpower.  Seriously, HOW?! I wanted to vomit as soon as I realized where this was going....
I boosted a Nelf warrior with my WoD boost, but I switched servers and just use him to farm garrison gold. I might play him a bit in legion if I don't level a new warrior by then.
I just got over my first long hair phase. I just wasn't used to all the extra effort you need to put in to not look like a mess, especially since I have ultra curly hair.  I got it cut when I went home from college for a week and was using my sisters shampoo/conditioner since I forgot my own. It was actually looking really good at that point and the lady cutting my hair was actually kinda upset I was going super short with it.
I do this almost every shower...  I should see a therapist.
All you assholes won't stay out of the warrior order hall. Y'all just keep coming in like you own the place and beating the hell out of our dog and stuff.
I'm an editor at a college newspaper.  Me and one of my writers were about to have an argument during a desk meeting when instead I went: "Nananaw shhhhhh...." and slowly pressed my finger to their lips.  Everyone got quite for a moment and I laughed my ass off in my head realizing how that must have looked.
I do. I was actually searching this thread for someone else who had.
Like, genuine nerdy excitement. Like, when someone is telling me about something they  really like and I can see how giddy and happy it makes them. I guess just "giddiness" in general. Gosh it sounds weird when I try to explain it...
As a man with large, well proportioned hands, I can confirm they are very popular with the ladies. For reasons I cannot rightly comprehend.
I reached a point where I could tell my abusive mother to fuck off after my dad worked up the nerve to divorce her. My life has gone dramatically uphill since.   We hardly talk anymore, but when we do I only say about two words.
Yeah, I live in the area and my brother started growing at my mothers house.  Half a dozen people dressed as fake police officers busted in and stole all their plants, valuables and a car. They zipped tied my brother but he broke out and called 911. No actual police ever even showed up.
Oh, I'm sure it was someone they knew behind it. Hell, I'm pretty sure the cops didn't show up cause my mom is nuts and basically calls the cops for fun, but it's a long and sordid tale.  They were on the news though, which was pretty funny to me.
Yeah, I was surprised how smoothly it went. I started tanking dungeons for the first time this expac and only got kicked once because the group I was with didn't know the right strat and got angry at me for not doing it their way. Funny enough I saw their group listed after and it was still there almost half an hour after they kicked me and I had already finished it with another group.
Ah, it was a dark day when I decided to borrow my mothers laptop without permission and foolishly chose to check the browser history...
I have the same feelings about Pacific Rim. Falls short in a lot of places, but still god damn amazing.
I'll never forget my first time playing dark souls. My friend was hanging over my shoulder.  "Don't get the black firebombs, they suck!" He said.  I got the black firebombs.  "Don't fight the demon yet! You can't kill it!" He said.  I fought the demon.  "You'll never kill it!" He said.  I killed it. With the black firebombs.  He didn't talk to me for like three days, when he did he said I was a piece of shit and must have wikied it.  10/10 would dark souls again.
My mom spanked (it was really more of a beating to be honest) until she broke her favorite wooden spoon on my back.  Then she realized I was getting big enough that my flailing and resisting might actually hurt her soon and stopped altogether.
My teacher... she was really sweet and committed. She died of a heart attack when I was halfway through elementary school.
