He was waiting for you to get out of the shower, giving you priority on the hot water and this is the thanks he gets?
&gt; When I took my first programming class in 1971, I found it very easy. But, I noticed the other students struggling and dropping out  The problem now is that they complete their degrees and some of them end up in the industry.  Fail early isn't just for programs.
I didn't even realize this until about 5 years after I was over it, I only really went out of habit.
Plus you can buy a copy of the wind waker for just $99!  I think it was only actually $80 on launch, more than a decade ago.
What do I base it on? I base it on the amount of people I've worked with that have apparently passed this test for their 457 and/or education visa and can't speak a lick of English.
And I can tell you that passing in no way means someone who can speak English.   Source: wprked with lots of people that somehow "passed" this test.
I honestly don't care what the test is or how it works.  I care about the outcome of our migrants, particularly the ones I work with,  having half decent communication skills.
Try working with people that "earned" masters degrees and are incapable of fairly basic English,  let alone comprehending a university lecture.
It's not a single co worker, it's dozens ive worked with and closer to the rule than the exception. Other people in this thread are reporting the same experiences.
I thought it sounded like a good idea until I tried writing atom plugins....
Drunk me needs this feature!
Working with lots of people that can't communicate in English. Anyone that's worked with a lot of migrants know this.
&gt; I work with a lot of migrants in my company and they all have functional English.  Do you have any evidence that they can speak functional english?  &gt;I work with a lot of migrants in my company and they all have functional English.  You said you got your visa ~3 years ago. Have you considered that you might not be in the best position to judge?
&gt;Neither of which passes as evidence for your original claim that the IELTS is easily cheated on or abused.  It's either worthless or easily cheated and abused, maybe even some combination of both. I don't care about that, I care about the results. Read through the rest of the thread, you'll find plenty of people have had the exact same experience.  &gt;Would you like me to go around and record conversations with a few of the migrants in this company?  I could do that here, some speak great english. That doesn't mean the system as a whole is working. The migrants that do speak english well are often the ones that inform me of how easily the system is rorted.
It'll turn up somewhere with the wheels taken off*.   *Not joking sadly, I see this with prams quite regularly.
I also some words on occasion!
The ones I was referring to were calling 42sqm tiny for a single bedroom.
My studio is about 28, which is plenty.
It was the call back hell that put me off more than anything. I ended up going back to trusty old vim!
So? I'm living in Australia,  not world average.
&gt; How do you feel about overpaying for an asset that will be worth less than what you paid in 10 years time?  It wont' be worth less in absolute terms. In the mean time, paying for my mortgage is cheaper than paying rent, so I feel quite good about it.
Reminds me of a guy I used to work with that demanded we use arrays instead of lists because "arrays are faster". Then he used the same trick, using redim x thousand times.  Take the redim part out and I've seen Microsoft guidance recommend software to be built this way. :(
So "(C|J).*"? My regex skills are rusty.
I was already pushing the limuts of ny regex skills...
It's running faster for me but let's plays are reporting it running slower. I wonder if it has to do with country size, I'm playing venice.
I think it's the attrition changes that the AI doesn't know how to deal with. In my limited play time I've seen some big wars end as stalemates.
Has anyone explained how manpower works now? I seem to be losing a lot more than the attrition tooltip indicates. I also seem to gain manpower back a lot faster than the tooltip says.
Neither of these clubs are in my area, this is more of a general question. Do you have to travel all over melbourne or is it more of a local thing?
&gt;Honestly at this point anything to help fix iinet's 5-9pm complete fuckout of the DNS would be appreciated.  I'm glad this isn't just me.
I've seen it. It can be fine for a month and then tge Internet can be completely unusable for days.
&gt; 2 hour each way commutes is not unusual for my neighbors driving into Los Angeles.  LA is a pretty textbook example of how not to design a city though.
As a salaried employee, my price was nearly losing my house after a stint of unemployment. Exact dollar figure is irrelevant.
Your dog has a point, my mailman is always trying to extort money from me, leaving letters saying pay up or else!
The generation coming into the workplace now (or maybe fro a decade now, get off my lawn) doesn't even know what a "cassette" is.
Even then, if your reducing the principal then it should be getting cheaper over time.  Do an exercise, look at the rent prices around you and realestate.com.au and see what the difference is between paying your loan and renting.  I have no idea about the 3 bdr market, or the Adelaide market at all but when I did the same I came out way better owning than renting the equivalent. The initial deposit was the biggest hurdle.
&gt; Stamp duty, rates, insurance, etc etc - there are literally DOZENS of studies into the housing market in Australia ALL pointing towards purchasing being one of the WORST financial option available.  I save $100+ a week by not renting, don't have to deal with moving every so often and everything else that renting comes with. And I end up with an asset at the end of things.  &gt;$460k for a house which will be worth $200k in less than 24 months - sage advice.  What it's worth in 24 months is irrelevant. It's about what it's worth when it's time to sell, which could be decades away.
&gt; Its been happening since 2011-2012.  Before then. I was hoping the GFC would pop the bubble!
The only people I know that are actually members of the ACS are 457s trying to network and get accreditation.   ACS will ultimately work for their members.
&gt;It's fairly easy to weed these people out.  It is? I still find people with 10 years under their belt in the industry that couldn't write fizzbuzz.   Pretty much anyone with any talent is self taught. They might have a uni degree as well, but most of what the have learned has not come from university. The best I've worked with have degrees in unrelated fields.  Someone resetting passwords or churning out websites should not require going to university at all.
&gt; Businesses shouldn't hire people/agencies/consultancies that simply 'churn' out websites. A website is a primary interface between you and your customers it needs as much love as you would put in your physical store front.  Ugh, I'm having that argument with the powers that be right now.
IA I don't pretend to get. But I seem to have spent my lifetime fighting against CRUD based UIs and the application architectures behind them.  It's really not that hard, find out the users work flow and build a UI to fit.
When your hiring senior people you generally expect them to be able to do it and are asking higher level questions.  Other times that idiot turns out to be your boss, good luck making your future employer take a coding test.  Even this only filters out people that absolutely can not do their job.
Sometimes I just want to relax and not think too hard...
Except for people that have trouble standing for long periods of time, like the elderly.  For them it is a very real problem.
&gt;Thanks for replying. I genuinely didn't realise that cyclists weren't obliged to use the bike lane if there is one provided and marked.  They are unless it is unsafe to do so. Studley rd however is not a bike lane.
&gt; Yes - I would have passed a car with that clearance. I know the dimensions of my car (medium-sized sedan), and I consider that it was safe.  If the cyclist reacted like that then maybe you don't!
&gt; Anyways, I love the battle plans system! It's going to make the game 1000x more playable for me, as I feel directing every unit a la HoI3 is tedious and boring.  Same, if they pull it off I think it's going to revolutionize strategy games in general!  I'd love to have a total war where you create battle plans like this instead of unit micro management!
Call telstra and be told I'm a cunt. Gotcha.
[I looked](http://proactivelylazy.blogspot.com.au/2014/03/android-take-back-your-builds.html) into it once. The whole thing is a monolithic clusterfuck.
&gt; But then, some of that classification is in the eye of the beholder, no? To someone that's never used an ORM, for example, using an ORM is "overly complex".  It depends on the situation more than anything. I just finished a project hat was almost entirely read only, an ORM would have been overly complex. For other projects they are entirely appropriate.  The question to ask is "what does this abstraction add/remove". 15 layers that just pass through values are useless, they aren't actually doing something. A view model though, is providing an interface between the view and the database, so worthwhile.
