Saw it in florida, not sure if it is just a mocha frappe with oreo crumbles, or something new entirely, but excited to see it at our store soon along with frozen lemonades.
I clocked out as soon as I had finished everything I was responsible for.  Grabbed a tea and went to the crew room.  On the way there, I noticed the bun rack was half-empty.   *Crap, I forgot to pull buns*
At least you got overtime.  Since I only work 4 shifts/week, that 13 there will probably won't yeild.  And even if it did, I am pretty sure someone will "accidentally" screw the time punches, preventing overtime from kicking in (from experience, missed hours payments are ridiculously difficult to get at overtime rates).
Our store does a 2/3day orientation program, but the latter days are spent with a few hours on the floor.
Sounds like every organic chemistry test ever.  Forgot to study after working a long shift the day before, felt like I didn't know anything, still made an 83.  My worst test of them all, but still not bad.
As a regular crew member, I don't get enough time on that computer to investigate it, much less extract it.
Placing meat is the hazard under my managers procedure, which for grill crew who place patties two at a time, requires the two patties being placed simultaneously to be vertical. Like this.  4 2  4 2  3 1   3 1.   That pattern essentially requires one arm to be above the other when placing patties.  As a taller person, there is a lack of vertical space to avoid the uppers when placing the back pairs.  I have always used the following pattern, despite for being written up numerous times and suspended twice.  4 4   3 3   2 2   1 1
A U.S Quarter.     4-year old me didn't understand money that well.
Personally, a double bacon clubhouse [burger] with 6 extra orders of bacon (21 half strips total).
The General manager and Department managers, yes.   Our third-shift manager at the McD's I work at is threatening of quitting if she doesn't get a raise above $9.25 by july.  She currently makes only a little above $9/hr, and has been with the company for two decades.
Filet-o-fish, when not on sale, is a challenge for our crew.  Second shift has a nasty habit of cooking the patties in batches of 8-16 per tray, two trays in the cabinet, when only 1-2 are going out per hour.  I personally instruct crew to follow the goddamn prep/VCMS charts (which give you an approx run size to avoid waste) or cook them to order during slower times.  Completed filets also happens to be one of the most commonly wasted items on second shift.  Go figure.  These days, they are cooked at 350F for 3:25 if you are curious.
The twsbi vac700 comes close to the size of the 159.  I used to own one and at the time, it was my favorite pen.
Our store stocked those bags years ago.  Had a special designation like E-bag if memory serves.  Perfect for breakfast platters and oversized lunch orders.    I miss them.
Out of curiosity, have you had any luck trying to use nfc tap/pay on your galaxy s3 with CM installed?   I really want to change over to CM on my Sprint S3,  but I have heard that HCE is not supported.  I rely on google wallet too much to give it up.
I begin to wonder, has the Act actually changed anything at the retail/fastfood job level?   Other than the available optional health benifits changing marginally, nothing has changed for me (full time worker).
Support contracts.  For an overburdened IT department, its a lot easier to let Dell take care of it when shit hits the fan on a new rig.
Suntrust sent me a card dated for 6 months.  The old card had expired, and they intended [and did] send an EMV-compatible card a few months later.
When I started dual-enrolling my junior year of high school, I realized that nobody really cares if someone walks out between classes and drives off.   If someone is near the door, just smile and wave.
All of our pans were Carlisle (except vollrath for steel), but then cambro rolled out their polypropylene line, and we switched all of our non-heat pan purchases to them. Ironically, we have broken more polypropylene pans than polycarbonate.
Our store did 2 for $5 on [big mac or QPC and mcrib when available]+10pc+filet for the entire second half of 2015.    A normal Thursday truck had 36 trays of big mac buns, and at least one case of mac sauce.
On a related note: Never trust co-workers or managers either.   A few months ago, I was injured at work and did not return for over a week.    Due to the nature of the injury, I could not gather my personal items.   At the time, a Pilot VP, my phone, wallet, keys, and a flashlight were left behind in the employee storage racks.  That afternoon, I called up and asked a manager to secure my possessions, fearing that they would be stolen or discarded.  When I returned, I only found the keys.    For the next few weeks, I checked local pawn shops and craigslist hoping that something would show up.   My cell phone did eventually pop up at a local pawn shop.   The other items were gone for good.
I recently switched from VM to Project Fi, along with upgrading phones from a Galaxy S3 to a Nexus 6.  Its amazing.  Sprint's network (which VM runs off of) is pretty spotty (or complete shit) in downtown and midtown.  With Sprint and T-mobile combined, I experience far fewer drops in service.   Plus T-mobile has coverage in MARTA stations, which is a huge deal.  Considering I use ~1.5gb/month, I pay just about the same (when the phone cost is not factored in).
I recognized that math teacher would potentially be a very reliable future reference, and she knew I was very strong with the calculators from a young age.   That, and a thirst for some blood, led to that plan being born.
I took it as an chem elective.  Seriously considering bailing out of there if the other options look better.  Might as well wait until the drop day.
MoSE and skilles buildings are a fairly long walk (practically impossible) for the 10 minutes given between classes.   I could barely manage to get between the basement lecture hall to a Klaus classroom in that time.  Same applies for howey and the couch building (which is in west campus right?).  Space that schedule out. (Or just drop that econ)
Glad you found out about Artlite.  Been there a few times myself and realized how much carrying ink bottles sucks when riding a bike home.  Also, congrats on the VP.
Live in downtown (for college reasons), so a car is more of a liability than an asset.   Wish inter-city bus service was less of a hassle.
Thanks for your perspective.  As a US store crew, the differences between regions/countries can be interesting.   Having access to RTH folded eggs and liquid eggs is something I can't imagine working without on understaffed weekend breakfasts.
Even when working on some project bikes, I always stuck to a cheap  u-lock and a cable through the front wheel.
Our store gives free uniforms, but will threaten to hold your last paycheck if you quit (within the first few weeks) without returning them.  This isn't really legal, so it's difficult to enforce.    Youth labor laws in some states may restrict what you can do if you are under certain ages.  But generally the rule is no maintenance/high risk tasks if under 18.    I started on grill as a shy person, but soon picked up service positions occasionally.
Of most significance:  Twsbi Vac700 Blue (disappeared one day from my school bag)  Lamy Safari (disappeared one day from my school bag)  Pilot Metropolitans  (one disappeared one day from my school bag, also have had some stolen/lost at work).  Pilot VP (stolen/discarded at work)  Various Platinum Preppies due to a wide variety of reasons, and a few that no longer have working caps.
Ditto.  Just got home from a 16-hour shift at work, and WTF just happened.  Might as well jump ship as well.
Probably not, as transfer admissions have been seemingly more and more competitive every year.   Barely got in as it is.
Hope counts W's as attempted/paid hours for the purposes of the 127-hour cap, but W's are not included in your hope gpa.   You do have to maintain Satisfactory Academic Progress though, so you can't get away with dropping everything on a related basis.  Also, isn't a WF assigned to someone who tries to drop after the deadline, or does tech issue a straight up F in that case.
Our store has many employees who are inexperienced and/or bad at kitchen or service, and only work where they are best at.    We do allow and encourage cross-training, but do not strictly mandate it.   If you are proficient in one area, it is in the best interest of shift managers to keep you there.  However, things break down when severely short staffed in one area but not the other.
Problem with manager-promos is that it slows times down dramatically (at our store, any manager code requirement  at back cash creates a typical 2-10 minute delay, which is straight up unacceptable)  and/or increases the risk of order inaccuracy.     And the most recent versions of newPOS use a store-wide promo/discount setting, so if FC has manager-promos, then DT has the same.    Used to be a per-register setting, and the back-cash order-taking register would have promos set to crew, and all others would be locked down.    In addition, with the proliferation of the mobile app and VOICE receipts, using the promo key while taking an order, and not at back cash often makes the situation worse.
Our problem is that when an issue at back cash occurs that requires a manager intervention, they will wait until the issue at back booth brings the operation of DT to a complete standstill before resolving the issue (in other words, all previous cars have been served, all orders are assembled, and the line is backed up past the order-taking stations).    This also frequently results in cold food for the next few cars, which further aggravates the slowdown.  VOICE offers usually either take the place of a BOGO, a $1 discount on a specific item, or a free pie.  In all three cases, we have pre-programmed item buttons for those, and are strongly pressured to use those instead of the promo/discount buttons.  The typical problem with mobile app offers is when the Order Taker uses the promo key for what is supposed to be a discount, or promos the wrong item, which will have to either be fixed, or let go incorrect.   Oh, and dont forget the app-offer-overrides (A large portion of guests will use offers incorrectly, and we will usually give the discount anyway to preserve guest satisfaction).
For the non-value menu lunch sandwiches, it is cheaper to make the fries medium (YMMV), then bundle them as a meal, than it is to order a small fry+small drink with a sandwich, and I suggest that to guests.      For breakfast meals, I usually bundle meals together at the completion of a guests order, explaining what I did to give a lower total.
Our store has a 50% discount, but under the requirement that all discounted items be a part of a value meal.
Wireless charging is significantly slower than USB charging, and generates a ton of heat.   And not everyone's usage case allows for wireless charging.  The biggest problem is that wireless charging can not be used while on the go, which is why I had to get a new phone when my n6's port shorted out.
I'm not liking the idea.   A bike lock should be simple, somewhat easy to clean out when necessary, and reliable.  Expensive, fancy "smart locks" introduction more points of failure or weakness while introducing little convenience or security.    As for me, I will likely continue riding with a pair of onguard 8013s (the second stays at home most of the time) and sometimes a cable as well.   Whole setup costs less than $50 and will deter anyone looking for a quick bike.   Anything else is pointless in the long run.
I am not aware of a easy to execute copycat of the chocolate caramel syrup McDonalds uses.   Try what you want, and I had some success with just mixing some ice cream topping syrups that I had laying around.   Other than that, a strongly brewed drip coffee and warmed milk are going to be required for a somewhat passable copycat.
Because iced mochas are a thing, we do not advertise iced coffees made with chcocholaye or caramel+chocolate syrups.   And while I personally think they don't taste that great, if someone requests one specifically, I will make/sell them.  As others mentioned, iced drinks and chocolate syrup don't mix easily.   The chocolate syrup is very thick.
Oh the memories that comment brought back.
I removed it from the bottle, and it was extremely thin, and collapsed into a small ball.
I just want some safe bike routes from Midtown/Tech up into the Northwest neighborhoods.
I have yet to see a professor that allowed web clickers.
If someone gives me pile of change and tells me it's the exact amount, I usually won't count it out and just gladly take it.  However, to anyone who presents a cup of over a hundred loose coins and asks how much it is (this happens more often than I'd like to admit), f*** them.  I'm a drive through cashier, not a coin counting machine.
This is McDonald's.   Job interviews aren't competitive, and they aren't an exam.   At my store, we will generally hire any applicant that looks decent, and just the fact we call up an applicant shows we are serious about hiring them.      The interview pretty much exists to give the management team a first impression about who the applicant is.   The interviewer wants to answer a few internal questions, most importantly "Do I feel like X would do well in a fast-paced team".  Some obvious pointers (from someone who has interviewed a few applicants), wear somewhat decent clothing (polo/khakis are slightly overkill, but don't show up in torn/junk clothes if you can avoid it), don't bring your parents into the picture, don't show up on drugs, don't show up late.       Otherwise, be prepared to discuss the role of the job, and answer a few questions about who you are and your goals.
My public speaking professor openly said that if you do weed/abortion/immigration as a topic for any assignment in the class, and don't make it super interesting with an original point of view, there would be an automatic one-letter-grade penalty on the assignment.  Some people still tired, and wondered how they failed the class.
