I used to have insomnia - and still do some nights. These are some of the things that worked for me:  * Brush teeth and change into pajamas at least an hour before going to bed. Some people learn to associate brushing teeth with waking up in the mornings, and feel more alert afterwards.  * Make a quick list of things to do the next day. Make sure there's a pad and pen beside the bed.  * Always have at least two alarm options - phone, watch, alarm clock etc. Some people worry about sleeping in so much that they can't sleep.  * Phase in sleep. Don't shut off the TV and expect to fall asleep right away, you can't do it. Transition into quiet. TV off at least half an hour before bed. If you read, all other lights should be off. Get a reading light dimmer, and about 15 minutes go to a lower setting. Your eyes will strain a little harder and will want to close.   * Give yourself some time after the lights are out to think about things. I like to think about snowboarding through powder or riding my bike through a forest. I don't think about my day, about work, about tomorrow, or anything that can get me riled up. That's my time.  * I don't worry about closing my eyes. If I'm relaxed, they'll close on their own.  * If I can't fall asleep I try to figure out why. Is there something I need to write down? Is there a noise I'm not used to? A light that's distracting me? Do I have to pee? Even something small, like the fact that my pajamas are twisted, will keep me up.  Like I said, these things work for me. I hope they can work for you.
At my daughter's elementary school, the boys are extremely active and the girls are driven off the field. Technically they can play, but they don't want to - the boys are assholes to each other and to the girls. There needs to be some kind of organized recreation during recess, and the field should be divided in two for boys and girls.
In my school district it's up to the teachers until Grade 8. That's what the fuck I'm talking about. It was also the case in my niece's school district which was in the GVA.   Are you serious? Are you mad at everything all the time, or just when you read things on Reddit?
That was a protectionist move of sorts - VW is going to continue to buy parts made in Canada. I actually know a tool and die maker who makes parts for VW, so it's nice to know his job is being protected.  Still, I'm sicking of Canada fighting for scraps. When you compare Canada to any of the Scandinavian countries or a juggernaut like South Korea, we don't have a lot going on when it comes to building world class manufacturing and technology companies. We seem content to sell off our resources with adding value by processing them into usable, finished products.
I actually hope I'm wrong, and McDavid isn't that great. I'm so pissed off at the draft - one team gets four first overall picks in six years, while Toronto has had exactly one first overall pick in the entire 52 year history of the draft - Wendel Clark. I really think they should rotate things to make it somewhat fair, or do a completely random lottery. Teams have a better chance of going from worst to first than they do of rising from the middle of the pack.
I know a lot of people that have been severely misdiagnosed over the years, one of them fatally.  One person, a father of a six-month old, broke his back at work. There was no spinal cord damage, but he was going to be sidelined for about eight weeks. Then he started feeling ill, and intense back pain - more a week after the injury than immediately afterwards. He went back and was told the pain and sickness was normal, stay off his feet, blah blah. Then it started to hurt more. He went back and was told the same thing. Then he started feeling really bad, went back and guess what - his organs, injured in the same accident, were infected. They rushed him to the hospital, but it was too late - he died. If they had taken his temperature, poked and prodded around his back to find the source of the pain, taken a blood test, or considered the fact that he could have injured organs in the same accident, he'd be alive and well today.  That's just one person. I know siblings that were both misdiagnosed - her with a broken vertebrae, the brother with a belly button thing that was horribly infected and could have killed him. They sent another guy I know in for surgery on a broken wrist, but luckily he decided to get a second opinion on the way to the hospital (it was feeling much better), and was told he would be fine in four weeks. This is just the tip of the iceberg - if I include my father in law's misdiagnosis (he actually picked up a parasite while travelling), my friend's mole ("it's fine" to "it's cancer" in a week), and other issues, then I know dozens of people that have been misdiagnosed or mistreated.   And they wonder why people Google things...
Actually got busy when writing and thought I abandoned it...
Don't forget strata - a lot of people are encouraging millennials to get into the condo market for their starter homes, and I don't think people realize how much strata is really going to cost. It always starts too low, and increases over time - our strata fees have doubled at my place in less than 10 years, partly because of a new law that requires us to account for depreciation of common assets. It's a good law, but now we're paying about 35% of our housing costs to strata for very little service - some snow clearing, landscaping and insurance.   Edit: When I mean it starts too low, I'm talking about new projects. Typically the costs are low, but increase over time to reflect the actual costs. Whether this is a deliberate way to make the units more appealing to the first buyers, I have no idea.
In B.C., strata fees cover both maintenance costs and fixed costs. Previous to last year, you didn't have to include the full cost of depreciating assets like a roof or common space, but that's now part of the reason my fees have doubled since 2006. For a 1,400 square foot townhouse in a complex with about 90 other townhouses, we're paying about $3,500 a year in strata (just under $300/month) - that covers garbage removal, snow clearing, landscaping, electricity costs for street lighting, irrigation, and the maintenance of the grounds and common space - although we have had to pay surcharges for things like painting in the past because we didn't have enough saved up to cover those costs.   That's over a full month of after tax salary for me, which is a huge chunk of money when you factor in the cost of the mortgage, ($11,000), groceries, child care, car insurance, house insurance, utilities, etc.  Luckily we're a two income family, or we wouldn't be able to afford even our modest house. We haven't saved a dime for our retirement since our daughter was born, and we can't afford to go away.   Even worse, our strata costs seem to be increasing every year at a rate that's well above inflation, while our wages are pretty much stagnant. It's becoming a massive burden.  My advice for homeowners is to either avoid buying anywhere that has a strata, or to get involved in the strata to protect your investment and prevent other people with more money than you have from signing onto projects you don't need or want. Even then, there's little you can do - there's one company that does garbage removal in my town, we do get snow, insurance costs are increasing, the buildings are aging; it's not like strata is burning money, and they do try to get competitive bids on everything.
Pharmacare is being discussed as a cost-saving method. We'd still pay for drugs like we do now, just get a larger bulk discount. Hospitals and health authorities would pay less for what they're already using, and end users like myself would pay less as well. There's no downside, other than the concept of provincial exceptionalism, and the possibility that provinces would want more control over the program - and they don't, most provinces are looking for savings right about now.
It's hard to get over, but wow is it liberating when you let all of that go and try to love everybody. I'm not religious even a little bit, but that was a Jesus moment for me.
Mine was.   http://imgur.com/YV1YbBQ  I actually don't have a baby photo on my new laptop, found this one from around 11 months. I know my own take is subjective, but all kinds of people would take her picture from day one, and every nurse in the hospital came by to see her and hold her while my wife recuperated from her C Section - and I was told that was something that never happens.
I started buying organic a few years ago, mostly because of the delivery option from Spuds. The prices are higher, but what I discovered was that we now throw next to nothing out. When you pay $2.50 for a cucumber it's no big deal if it rots, but when it's $5 you eat the whole thing. You meal plan and you eat everything, throwing out next to nothing. Something like 40% of food winds up in the composter or dumpster, but in my house it's probably less than 10%. In other words, higher food prices don't have to be a disaster for anyone, just keep to a plan, don't impulse shop, and eat what's in your fridge.  Source: http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/the-hot-button/how-much-in-food-do-canadians-waste-a-year-think-billions/article4580509/
At the risk of being hunted down and murdered, I'd have to add policemen and firefighters. Aside from a few tragedies like 9/11 these are generally safe jobs compared to commercial fisherman, highrise construction, long-haul truckers, anyone in forestry, etc. You probably have a greater chance of being injured on the job as a nurse. Heroism is what you do, not the job you pick - unless it's something like Doctors without Borders.   Why does this matter? Because in my town there are something like 18 full-time firefighters, and 15 of the them are making over $100K a year. I don't know what police make, their salaries aren't disclosed, but I've heard it's more than that. Meanwhile, we have about four house fires a year and about one car accident every month. We've had one murder in 40 years. If you look at deaths on the job in my area, almost all are in forestry, with a few electrical workers and professional drivers on the list.
$2.50 is a low winter price where I live for a generic, hothouse cucumber. The organic versions are $4 to $5.
I live in a mountain resort town. Our prices are probably double what they are about 40 minutes down the highway.  Still, $2.50 is easily what people in Vancouver pay when they shop at places like Whole Foods.
I've had a six year wage freeze in the private sector (former newspaper reporter followed by two years at the same wage in the private sector) and my experience is obviously different than yours - I know very few private sector workers that have seen much in the way of increases, including cost of living adjustments. Where I live, the average wage is just over $40,000. Everybody working full-time for our municipality is making over $50,000, not including benefits.  Your potential to earn more is higher in the private sector, given that's where all the entrepreneurs and highest paid professions are - including doctors who bill government for services - but for most people it's low paying, zero security jobs with terrible benefits.  http://globalnews.ca/news/1359634/reality-check-comparing-ontarios-public-and-private-sectors/  http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/the-public-sector-advantage-better-pay-pensions-and-job-security-1.1225327  http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/private-sector-workers-earn-less-work-more-report-1.2292650  http://www.cfib-fcei.ca/english/article/6069-government-wages.html  http://www.macleans.ca/economy/business/the-new-upper-class/  There are some reasons for the disparity, like a smaller wage gap between men and women, but overall the public sector pays very well.
I approve.  Now bring back gym teachers. When I was in elementary, we had a full-time gym teacher in the school, we had a uniform to wear, and we had gym five days a week. Now? My daughter has gym twice a week with her regular teacher (e.g. not a trained gym teacher), and the kids wear whatever clothes/shoes they have with them that day. You can blame video games and TV for childhood obesity, but the schools need to be healthier as well - and research shows that active kids will be better at retaining all that coding knowledge.
That's actually just your opinion on what qualifies as regressive, what we're arguing has been argued about the GST many times with no definitive answer - opinions among experts vary. In my opinion, which I am entitled to despite your clever phrasing and deft use of the dictionary, GST is progressive because high earners do tend to pay more of it while lower income people tend to get a GST rebate cheque in the mail and an income tax exemption of $11,327.   With the exception of the super rich, the higher your income, the more you tend to spend, the more GST you pay. You shop in more expensive stores, you buy more expensive things, you eat out more at nicer restaurants, and you pay taxes on everything. In my case, probably 80% of our transactions are exempt.
The buck has to stop somewhere. I've had a few dealings with Microsoft lately, and it's been completely underwhelming. Nothing works, nobody seems to know how to fix it, and nobody seems to be in charge or responsible for anything. I once swore I'd never go back to Apple, but this is the last generation of Microsoft hardware/software that I will ever own.
The Bank of Canada could have done a few things in the past five years to curtail our growing household debt, but instead made the problem worse by doing nothing. Every quarter there would be rumours of an increase, but it never happened - and the benefits of keeping the rate low also never materialized.  Meanwhile, people made real life decisions based on the fact that they thought that rates were increasing at some point - like locking down mortgages at higher rates than they would be paying for variable. My wife and I did that for half of our mortgage (we split it), a decision that cost us about $8,000 in interest over the past four years.
Are you looking for a definitive definition of high income? Where I live the median is just over $40,000, and $50,000/year would be considered high. In Vancouver, the median is higher but the cost of living is higher as well - someone considered "high income" based on wages may actually be struggling to make ends meet.   Rather than trying to focus on a one-size-fits-all income for your thesis, I'd recommend looking at three or four different markets across Canada - Toronto, Vancouver, Montreal and Halifax if you want to focus on cities, or pick four regions to capture rural communities as well.
Are you saying volunteer, or do you mean paid on call? There's a difference, and if those volunteers are paid to train and when called out on jobs, then it's a job and workplace standards should absolutely apply.  As for the dying part, firefighting is an incredibly safe job in Canada. Aside from 9/11, and a few catastrophes involving forest fires (and those are usually not residential firefighters), it's a safer career than dozens of jobs. Commercial fishing operations, highrise construction, forestry, mining, professional driving, rail, agriculture, etc. are at a far higher risk.  http://www.theglobeandmail.com/life/the-hot-button/and-the-top-10-most-dangerous-jobs-are/article16352517/
Thanks for saying that, nothing on this thread talked about the ref - who might have a concussion of his own after that, he barely got his hands out.
Raise the minimum wage first and see what impact that has on poverty.   Raise welfare slightly and bring in voucher/pay card programs so low income families can pay rent, heat and for food for their families.   Improve training and services to help their kids and get the adults back to work.   Treat addiction as a medical issue. Bring back asylums for people with mental health issues that are not going to get better, and cost the system a fortune.   Then bring back gym teachers, five day-a-week gym classes, the Canada Fitness Program, and health education and see what impact that has on health costs.   While we're at it, bring in more helmet laws, stricter driving instruction standards, enhanced workplace safety regulations and Pharmacare, and give grown ups tax breaks for sports and fitness participation, and see what impact those things have on health costs.  I'm against mincome. I think people will abuse it and find ways to live off of it with no plans to join the workforce - shared living spaces, having larger families, moving back in with parents, etc.  I have a tenant who is 26, worked for four months, was laid off after claiming an injury (sore ankle), and just collected 12 months of EI. The state paid for his rehab and insoles. He didn't try to apply for jobs - and there are lots of jobs where I live - until the EI ran out, and was happy to get a part-time, two-day-a-week job that is probably the easiest gig I've ever heard of - front desk at a spa. He could work more, he does some DJ work on the side and he gets lots of calls, but he doesn't really want to, and he now owes me - a guy with two jobs - over a month in back rent. He would LOVE mincome.  EDIT: And here come the downvotes. Why? Do you have a good reason for supporting mincome, or is it because you secretly want to quit your job and hang out? I'm not saying don't downvote me, just tell me why - and be honest.
They haven't had this in B.C. for a while, and to me it's a bit of a problem - kids aren't particularly good at explaining how they're feeling, whether anything hurts, how much it hurts, etc. They'll run themselves into the ground, even if it makes them dizzy or their hearts are beating far too fast. Annual checkups were a way to objectively measure a child's health.  I'm not saying "do it for everyone" but at least until kids are seven and have the language to explain what they're feeling.
The problem is your supposition that people would only be happy with their choice and no other, when that's clearly not the case. Most people see shades of grey when it comes to preferences - my first choice is strawberry, my second choice is vanilla, my third choice is pralines and cream. That's all people are asking for when it comes to voting. For FPTP supporters, it would be more logical to walk into the ice cream store, ask for strawberry, find out it's gone, and then walk back out, happy, without getting their second or third choice.
Plus, you can get high as shit off of it. Colors seem brighter, shitty apartments seem less shitty, and snack foods taste even better.
She's got a point. I have to go to Dallas every summer for work, and while it's not as hot as Arizona it's still ridiculously hot. I don't hate the heat as much as I do the excessive air conditioning - 68 degrees everywhere you go, so you're actually freezing most of the time. What is with southerners and air conditioning? Why not 71 or 72? Why make it jacket weather indoors?
Fire chiefs make $140K a year not $50K - I said I don't have a problem with what they earn, just that there's no reason to pay somebody a pension of $100K a year. Pensions are becoming a massive liability for local governments.   As for the paid-on-call thing, it's pretty much everywhere in B.C. - Squamish, Whistler, Pemberton, Kelowna, etc. - that has a volunteer force. I don't know about the rest of Canada, but I've heard from a firefighter in Edmonton and Winnipeg that it's the same, and I know it happens in Ontario as well.
Yikes. A lot of people I know from university grew up wealthy and it's always the same story - expensive private schools ($35K a year), paid university ($20K) a year, and then after that NOTHING. More than a few of them have said they wished they went to public school and could have had that money after they graduated to start a business, buy a house, etc.
I guess it depends where you live. I had a friend who lived in the beaches and it was street parties once a week.
That would look fabulous beside my limited edition Star Trek coins.
Apparently they do something like this for cancer as well, some forms of leukemia for kids. One friend's child had three bouts of leukemia before the doctors took the option of changing his blood type completely. So far, so good although I think the kid had to spend almost a year in quarantine until his new immune system kicked in.
I know what you mean, but our townhouse was $289K when it was built in 2001, $328K when resold to us in 2006 (it was higher than inflation because of upgrades), and now it's worth about $376K in 2016, according to my property assessment. That's a reasonable return in my mind.   If we banked $328K at 1.5% interest for eight years, it would only be worth about $369K, so we're doing a little better than a GIC.   Don't forget, we're also not paying rent and have paid off about $118,000 of our investment. We're actually paying less than market rental rates to build that home equity, which is starting to grow faster with accelerated payments.   And houses are not the only place to grow wealth. We also have mutual funds and TFSAs, and are looking at other investment vehicles.
I'm with you. Nationalize the backbone, use the proceeds to make it faster, and limit what third parties can charge to deliver Internet as part of a package of services. I'd rather not bring in U.S. telecoms - the Canadian companies may not be great, but at least they employ Canadians, back Canadian charities, sponsor Canadian properties and events, etc. I'm not a huge fan of Bell, but I'm friends with a few Olympic athletes who they've supported over the years.
People change. And kids change everything. I know some amazing couples that had kids and went from best friends to worst enemies in a couple of years. They're tired, they disagree over everything to do with their kids, they resent the burden they have and any freedom the other partner might have that they don't, and things just explode.   I have a theory about this. When you're a couple, you fight, you argue, you make up, you have make up sex, and you're a closer, more understanding couple afterwards. When you have kids, you're not allowed to fight anymore - there's no arguing so there's no resolution, there's no making up so there's no make up sex, everybody goes to bed angry - the number one thing you should never do according to old married couples - things fester, resentment builds, filters drop, the sniping starts, you forget why you're together in the first place, and then you drift apart.  It sucks, I went through all this with my wife but we're working on it. I get upset easily and forgive quickly, she gets upset gradually and forgives slowly. But we don't go to bed angry any more and always try to resolve things so we both agree.
Still can't come fast enough for my friend, he's a superfan of this guy.
Just went through something similar myself - upstairs washing machine leaked into the walls, between floors, through fixtures, etc. We haven't finished all the repairs yet, but honestly the most expensive part will be replacing damaged carpet - the drywall and flooring were relatively cheap, and we rented three high-power fans for a week and blasted them into the walls and ceiling. OP won't have to do that.   The only professional help required for our place was checking the electrical system to ensure everything was okay and retexturing the ceiling where we had to remove a piece to look inside.   Also, six months earlier our shower pipes leaked, which required the removal of more drywall and hiring a plumber to replace the leaking sections.
I still have my PS One and Pro Skater 1 and 2. Among my most prized possessions!
Not everybody wants to live in Manhattan though. If you were fortunate enough to be able to afford a single family home in Vancouver you'd fight to keep high rises going up next door and blocking out your sunshine. It's a way of life that they don't want to change just to make way for more people that the city, honestly, doesn't have opportunities for.   Nobody really predicted that Vancouver would be in such demand, or that Toronto would become the fourth largest city in North America, or that the population of Canada would break 30 million, and then 35 million. We haven't prepared for the growth that's taking place, and - here's the reality - most people don't want it or think we need it.   I grew up in T.O., and the population explosion is making that city unlivable. You can't get to places or into places, and all of the public parks and venues - beaches, the Island, the museum, and so on, have lines that go forever. I've tried three times to take my daughter up the CN Tower on visits, but every time we've given up because the wait is an hour and a half. Traffic is insane around the clock, and the three hours it used to take to get out of the city on a weekend is now five. Other than real estate developers, there's no real upside.
I'm the opposite. George RR Martin is a hell of a writer, and that's why this series is so popular in all of its forms - and why I've actually avoided the HBO series. I saw the first season, and nothing looked like it was described or I pictured it in my head. I will wait out the novels before I even think of watching the shows.
I did try the shows - the first season.
I lived in Hali for four years, and was a journalism student - I should have remembered which paper belonged to what city. Thanks for the catch.
Any idea whether he can get whistleblower protection for himself? I imagine that jobs are scarce where he lives, and future employers aren't going to be thrilled he got his previous boss arrested.
That particular test in the video is hard but isn't all that crazy either if you put in a little training - every female firefighter and forest fire fighter where I live has to pass something similar. Two months at CrossFit or a circuit class could get you though it.   One female roommate I had needed to do eight pull-ups to become a firefighter, which is way more than a 12 second flexed arm hang.
Can confirm. Lived with three girls in a four bedroom. Shattered the "quieter, neater, more responsible" thing pretty quick.
I'm with you on the donuts - they don't even taste like they've been cooked. I had a huge bakery donut the other day and nearly wept. I forgot how good a real donut can be.
Stabilizing the population isn't racism, it's common sense. I honestly don't care what our population looks like in 100 years, as long it's around 35 million. Maybe our First Nations will be the dominant race by then.
For me, it's all about the makeup sex - the glue that got most couples to the point where they would even consider marriage in the first place.
