I've been partial to /r/ilerminaty
I love accelerators  getting a new small molecule crystallography beamline at the ALS  gonna be so good
I certainly agree, but my childhood spent as a disciple of Mix-a-Lot's sermons on honesty and faith in the posterior, the contemporary tale of serpentine aversion to someone lacking baked goods truly speaks to my soul.
Pleasure to share coffee with you this morning :)
nice you look extremely well qualified for a postdoctoral opening in my lab  please post your CV and your top 100 publications in the journal of santeria
"you study chemistry? what do you do?"   "Well, I use molecu--"  eyes glaze over  Perhaps common sense to us is not so common afterall.
See, if that were an honest answer, I'd give it.  I haven't blown anything up since my undergrad.
ok  wheres all the stuff on the ground come from. i don't have that. is there a setting? a mod? what am i missing? i want shit on the ground. if i want shit on the ground i have to put it there myself. very inefficient.
its hard to tell whats silly banter on the internet, and whats real. if real, i strongly suggest, and i mean this in as nice a way as possible, that you seek professional help. your behaviors seem perfectly rational to you, but its getting weird, and this stuff can snowball and start affecting other parts of your life.
well yoire aware of the problem. i am not a specialist but i can say that you can leave a perfectly healthy, nearly bug free existence without the fixation. i dont remember the last time i touched one, and i dont even try. of course, california, so not many bugs.  i wish you the best in your struggles and will hold out hope that you hold onto your knowledge that its internal, and that you seek out assistence to deal with it  with highest regards,   thiosk
i got my land tapped by a baloth once.   it was wonderful
mmm yes very astute.  im a chemist, but my research program is entirely focused on bottom up design and engineering of hybrid organic/inorganic nanomaterials, and i joined a materials science division.
can confirm. Germanium is *expensive*
im lovin' it
i concur. I kept reloading as castille until I successfully formed spain, then did it again and defeated france, thenI was france and defeated the HRE, then I figured out how to become emperor and conquered the world.  I've since completely forgotten how to play
IM SO EXCITED  IM SO EXCITED  I'M SO...  tired...
Cassini is one of my favorite missions. I love saturn. It is so cool that we've been running Cassini for so long-- just going around, imaging, orbiting, doot doot doot.  This is such a great time to be alive. Want some snaps of saturn? Here you go. Heres the moons. How about ceres? how about a comet? oh lets go ahead and do pluto too  space is pretty
those apartments are great. I haven't tried WP since the patch, but those apartments have been the only place I have been able to set up. The size of them and layers of doors makes them pretty secure... but i haven't seen the new zombie mechanics in action.  i am up to 5 boxes of shotgun ammo with no shotgun, and the horde migration has turned to my warehouse retreat. Its a daily struggle to keep them at bay, and I took the heavy sleeper perk so i'm spending an inordinate amount of time in bed...   but the urban warehouse in muldraugh is lovely, with 3rd floor rooftop gardening.
my gps is my security blanket. i use it to go to the market :(  i cant wait til i can have a self driving car
I've never done it myself, always an "in the future thing"  i thought it made the walls undestroyable.  i haven't tested or looked at it forever.
well i mean, i got a phd in chemistry because i wanted one, for no other reason than i liked chemistry and at some point decided to do it for my entire life. i was able to get a job running a lab, so it turned out pretty OK all things considered.  I encourage the young student to think a bit about questions like "what do I want to *do* every day" and "how much responsibility do I want to take?"  Do you want to work with your hands every day? do you want to mix small quantities of liquids? do you want to operate instruments?  This can point you at disciplines.  do you want to be responsible for only yourself? for yourself and a couple other people? for a lot of people? for everyone? This can point you at goals.
my only regret  is that i have  boneitis
i got some wool socks and i wear them on top of my regular socks and it keeps my tootsies warm and my wool socks can be used multiple days cause i don't have to wash them every time
Oops! It's early in the morning.
Mini driver here. The dealer doesn't bother to charge for short term rentals anymore because I need them all the time.
the poster admitted to being 18 above.  hence the confusion about "nobody paid my taxes so i guess i have to now lol"  :)  oh, to be young again. What would I do differently? Save more money, thats what ;)
oh i wish  you need a certain number of repeats to get the diffraction pattern  i work with a guy at a synchrotron that got a 10x10x10 micron crystal, and that was a doozy, tiny unit cell.  I work with nice sized molecular systems and i routinely need a 20x20x100 to pull a structure  *my interests are mostly in small molecule. i have no idea what protein people do. they sometimes get one shot out of any single crystal and have to reconstruct the single crystal structure from individual frames. Its astonishing what is possible through crystallography
its the surrealism. I find a lot of overlap with the fans of python. If someone doesn't get monty python beyond the parrot sketch and maybe the sit on my face song, then they *definitely* aren't going to get tim and eric. I love surrealism so i get spaget in a way that a lot of folks just wont
QUESTION: What are the long range effects of a dwarf achieving a life goal? "wants to create a masterwork someday" ... does... gets happy thought and the bio update, are there additional happy thoughts later or is it a one time thing?  I guess what i want to know is, how important is fulfilling life's goals?
up until now I always viewed with derision the tendency to street scat. Now I understand.
i always liked the big armored dude. I could hand any first timer the controller and just whisper (just roll your palm on it over and over) and he would demolish the rest of the players every time.
do what i do and sell the kids to a textile factory  they learn a trade and i get paid, win win
hey man its better than nothing   if you've ever been there, you agree.
&gt; once i got back into Number 2 pencils i started to despise people with mechanical pencils. People who brag about how their mechanical pencil never needs sharpened. I mean, Fuck you. Fuck you you fucking cocksucker.  I love this guy
thanks for the response. I guess i was confused because where i thought i'd had him burrowed he was bailing on the burrow.  i'll try it again.
I say go do the mass spec techniques. Its interesting, is broad, and the lab has juicy research grants, and you'll get to meet people and do experiments and learn what goes on in the creation of a research paper.  I do not mean to offend you with this statement: you probably do not *yet* have the experience to really judge adequately what the PI values. Everyone wants to keep their juicy research grants. The PI favors quantity over quality, but then again, your ultimate goal is to 'get published,' so what are you valuing?  The biggest boon you get is that ultimately, you don't have to care. Your job as an undergraduate researcher is to get basic training on how to perform experiments and how to not injure yourself in the process.  In graduate school, you have to get trained on how to lead and to direct experiments then write them up into research papers. In a postdoc, the emphasis shifts more towards 'running projects,' over any specific incremental paper, and when you become a primary investigator, the emphasis is on running whole programs, each comprised of many projects, each of which will lead to many papers, and create many phDs along the way.   My advice is to [enjoy every level for what you offer it, and what it offers you](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKTN5NHfwlQ), because instead of writing about the particular fun material my lab is working on, i'm writing a research proposal this weekend instead. Then on tuesday Im going to lunch with another PI, and we're going to hash out the basis for another proposal due the same time. Then I have to convert a failed proposal into a third proposal sometime in mid feburary, i think, but luckily its really short.   My other advice is to look at doing research terms in OTHER labs after this first experience, perhaps at an off site reu program (such as those offered through national labs in the US, SULI, or comparative programs).
"my friends are all calling me to tell me what an amazing thing i'm doing. i'm doing amazing things. its amazing. you should be ashamed of the things that you're doing. shameful things."
what i would have attempted in this case would have been to let them bust the door and enter. they'd go nuts, and fill the room. Kite them a bit inside to let some come in off the landing, then bolt out the door full speed.  now you know why i carry a hammer and nail at all times. You'd have been able to rip 2 sheets found in the bedroom most likely and go out the window safetly.
retirement. Honestly! how much do you really expect to make after graduate school? I was running on fumes at the end of grad school due to mediocre financial planning. I was really regretting keeping NOTHING aside for those many years.
C2H5OH  edit: this person probably works at penn state
eSometimes I feel like conflict can be a little too granular. Like, you move a blob of corvettes. I don't know if fleets really should act like blobs. Maybe they should be in port half the time, and able to fly sorties and do patrols.   maybe we shouldn't be controlling corvettes at all.  I've always wanted a 4x where space was real scale therefore the whole damn thing is figuring out how you actually patrol and project force when compared to the immensity of the cosmos your ships are nothing. I'd like to see active and passibe thermal and electronic contacts a la aurora and just this feeling of being tiny and alone even with a hundred corvettes.  Corvettes on patrol would have to contend with pirates, space fauna, fight delaying and rearguard actions, harrying, etc giving your main forces time to assemble and respond to an incursion.  As is its just fly up to someone and then  "blort" and the blob flies on to the next one.
Its not just soap, *DAD,* its *Jessica!*
Well, I do feed my moose a shitload of pineapples.
speak for your self i'm currently scaling the vaginal wall and we hope to summit the uterus within a fortnight
child beauty pageant champion
it hasn't started yet. the pain BEFORE the rip out is really the worst- like plucking a really long nose hair-- but it went so quick...  be very careful about rotational energy.
haha or piping in the explosive gas menthane into the house only to find that the pilot light went out and you've been smelling methane so long you don't even smell the hydrogen sulphide anymore and then the dementia starts
i watched the whole thing
running from house to house eating icecream at game outset to wipe out free points associated with underweight is my favorite new behavior
you can edit and you don't even have to tag it with the word 'edit'  freedom! proud to be american
