My aunt drove a hummer. My aunt is also a cheating bitch. Coincidence? Probably. Related? Probably not. Shitty SUV? Yes. Shitty aunt? Yes.
For me personally my favorites are ES, Dishonored, Wolfenstein, then Fallout and Rage, Wet, and so forth. I dunno, they're super fun and great to play but I like my cities in tact, I like green of skyrim. Everything in Fallout is dreary, which I know is the point of the game of course but it gets kindve depressing
Bend my toes on my right foot. Got in an accident in middle school and lost most of the feeling in my toes
Man of Steel. I remember losing my dad. Brings those memories up. I never ever cry, but [this scene is my exception](https://youtu.be/-j7lezDWh4M)
I got my first personal TV when I moved out for college, it had buttons on the top of the television and I mounted it on my wall. Never would've seen them. My family TV doesn't have any at all actually.
It's my high school diploma. Has my name, grad year, high school on it.
Oh no my nerdism is an open book. From the Game of Thrones poster to my San Andreas map
For me it's Scarface. My first rated R movie. Not my favorite movie, but it was a notable experience to say the least
I'm a phone salesperson at Best Buy and I was distracted half the movie about how there was all that Samsung advertisement, but every character had a white Galaxy S4. You would think Samsung would have hit them up with the S6 Edge like they did for Marvel
Nope, broken phone was actually a Galaxy S4 Blue, a Best Buy exclusive.   Source: I sit in a chair 40 hours a week making crap pay selling those things.
There's actually none in my area. Nearest one is 40 miles away. Sprint and ATT are near and that's it. I will never work for ATT because they're a terrible company, and as a sprint customer, i don't think you could pay me enough to hear about how bad their service is all day.
It could be a case of nurture over nature. He grew up around his father (against his father's wishes of course), he had to take some of his personality with that. I'm exactly like my step dad when it comes to everything but looks and height, but we aren't related at all
Got drunk, woke up with two girls. Both 6s, which means I had sex with a 12
Really just depends on the cat more than the owner. My cat is terrified of the outdoors, but my best friends cat has a little doggy door installed and the cat is inside only to eat
I'd build a kickass gaming computer, then build a mansion around it, then hopefully the rest might possibly cover my student loans.
Work at Best Buy. I get people (middle eastern mostly) who come in. One of my least favorite things they say: "What kind of deal can I get for this?" "None sir. It's Best Buy, not a fucking pawn shop."
Fucking Witcher. I'm great at similar games. But i can't play that game for shit.
Taking a shit in every state. 21 so far!
I politely explain it every time but every time it's the same 10 people. Last time i told one of them their price will be the sticker price every time, and to stop asking me to always cut him a deal
Girlfriend was pregnant in high school with a buddies kid. It was a rollercoaster to say the least.
Probably $300 in t-shirts, albums, and concert tickets went to Blink182 back in high school
I really want to enjoy the game. It's everything I wanted it to be. Big, beautiful, bold (i mean you follow a fetus around for a half hour, can't get much bolder than that). But... I almost feel overwhelmed by the game. Like there is just *too* much in it. Anybody else feeling the same way?
Lets take it slow and steady, stay with me  *Proceeds to climb the mountain at fucking 100 mph*
Cannot wait to get my hands on this. My only worry is casual players will have even more of a gap between them and more hardcore gamers, making multiplayer games like CoD, Battlefield, and Halo even more frustrating for those who hop on once a week or so
As long as the original Skate game comes back. I'm temped to take the $175 minimum for my 360 to get a second Xbox, this one for my brother who cant afford one and just let him borrow games im not playing, but I still play my 360 for Skate, Elder Scrolls, Fallout, and GTAIV
My best friend is a girl and she is freaky tall. She always wears flats and refuses heels. One day i asked her how tall she is and she answered 5"8. Bitch I'm 5"7 and I'm eye level with your tits dont give me that shit
I couldn't find a video, but Bo Burnham's mom is probably pretty pissed right now.   I remember when my mother first described gay sex to me. I was eight years old. She sat me down at the dinner table and she was very mature about it. She sat right across from me and she said, ‘Do you know how your father and I love each other?’ And I said, 'Of course! You and Dad love each other more than any two people in the whole world.’ And she said, 'Well, when two men love each other like that, and they can, they can love each other in the exact same way that your father and I love each other. What they do is they take off all their clothes, the get in a bed, and they SHIT ON THE BIBLE.’   Bo Burnham
Lower-middle class American here. Why in the hell would we rise up against someone who has more than us. They earned their money, they worked hard for their money. Unless they directly wrong us, they're just earning their dollar, not doing anything morally wrong.
Doing my taxes
I wanted it so bad but i knew there's no way my G4 would fit
Challenge accepted. My goal is to get every single achievement
I'll do it in 190
Yay, me and 63% of the American population have something in common! And my mom said I was odd. Pssh.
For me, I think S1E4 "Cancer Man" Breaking Bad had a really good one. That's the one where Jesse is paranoid and smokes a bunch of meth. He then "sees" bikers coming up to kill him but in reality it's just Jehovah's Witnesses
Fuck I missed it by 16 years!
I actually didn't realize forge was out, can't wait to make some maps!
Thank you, I've already watched The Big Short but I was still a little confused. You put the last piece or two of the puzzle in for me. Thanks again!
Well shit I didn't want any classy movies. I'll get back to you in a few days, about to order now.
This is both my favorite Seth Rogan movie, and my favorite JGL movie. This was the first attempt I had seen at SR doing something other than comedy, and he nails it. JGL really brings his characters emotions alive and I can really relate to his additude throughout the film. The books scene gets to me every time. Not in my top 10 movies, but it's pretty close. Also, yes I've seen Jurassic Park. Love that one too
QT is my dude. This is my second favorite of his being Inglorious Basterds. Leo makes such a good villian and you don't see him in that roll often, and Waltz makes such a good hero, a roll you don't see him in often. I hear a lot of hate for Foxx but I love him in this. He's also the best part of Horrible Bosses to me. But back to Django, I love it. My favorite scene is probably the deaths of the Brittle Brothers.
The first movie I actually wasn't a fan of. I haven't watched it in years, but I guess I just didn't get it, or I didn't pay enough attention. I found Lola to be an annoying protagonist, and the camera work made me want to vomit (not figuratively. Literally. Maybe it was some bad food I ate that day but I seriously felt like hurling)
I've seen it at work, never bought it. I'll grab it tonight
Ordering it now, never seen it. Looking forward to it I've heard great things
I'll try to grab this movie at work. If not I'll order it
I've seen it, its in my collection, but honestly I haven't watched it in forever. I'll need to rewatch it to give you a more in depth answer.
If I can find it for a bit cheaper than $200 I'll grab it haha
I've seen it but I hated the ending I watched. Had to go back and rewatch, then pause at the end and watch the theatrical ending. I loved everything before that though!
Hands down my favorite movie. I made my own steelbook for it, I have it on Blu Ray, DVD, VHS, I have it on an audible tape so I can listen to it to and from work. I have official Blart pajamas. I've got a condom sewn from the fibers of his brilliant moustache. I own the segway from the movie. I've seen it seventy eight times. I'm currently in the process of making it into a live Broadway musical. I've hired DDL to play Blart. He's gained over 100 pounds and has been a mall cop for six months to prepare.
Favorite game was Skate. on the Xbox 360. So many fond memories of just the demo, when I finally got the game it was the most fun I'd ever had gaming. I really hope for BC to get ahold of this soon
Thank you so much! I'll add you now
