JOKES ON YOU. I'M SO USED TO SEEING THE DODGERS LOSE TO THE CARDS IT DOESN'T MAKE ME SAD ANYMORE .
I just looked and he actually had 2 really bad games in the playoffs against you guys, I completely forgot he gave 8 runs in the first game of the NLDS last year. So I stand corrected haha
definitely agree Romo is a much better QB now, and he's playing at an elite level that he certainly wasn't at before. If we didn't have Brees I would love to have Romo.
So I graduated yesterday, and I just looked at my yearbook with all the signatures in it this morning. This girl I used to be super close to and who I was bascially in love with during my sophomore year, wrote that she had a big crush on ME sophomore year. I don't really know how I feel about that haha
True, but this is a huge step in the right direction. I am very happy that this was the decision that the court came to.
I wasn't sure how those worked out but that sucks, I feel like going to jail for a serious crime should void contracts.
I didn't realize they did that for Grenkie, I just saw the one for Kershaw.
As a LSU fan I am beyond hyped for Simmons.
No that's Danny Etling. Harris was a freshman on our team last year.
Kind of figured, this NFCG will always be controversial. I never mention it whenever I talk about my memories of the 2009 season because it always brings out fiery and angry responses.
I forgot he actually played with you guys, my bad
Yeah that was a really tough decision for me. I love Mauer but he's definitely nowhere near the levels he used to be at and he's not a catcher anymore which played into his fame. Now he's just a light hitting 1st baseman who's not even top 15 at his position. While Dozier is starting to gain traction as a star.
Thanks you too, I want to keep seeing Ole Miss get good recruits and stay relevant because they are the only team that has figured out a way to beat Bama Lol
Lol all I was just saying that Olsen is your #1, not Ginn. I don't care about Wilson
Brees is gonna be our QB in 2017 and I have faith in him helping develop another guy to somewhat replace Brees. Drew was not a HOF QB when he came to the Saints, he was just a decent one. Payton helped him a ton and Brees did the rest. If we can get a QB prospect with some good talent I believe in Payton.  Also, a lot of our cap freedom in 2017 is coming from overpaid guys contract's expiring. Byrd, Browner, Colston, Strief will all be gone along will all our dead money commitments. And Brees is gonna restructure his deal to alleviate cap space. You don't really know what your talking about when it comes to the Saints
Haha I know, I was playing around since you called him mole face
My bad, I thought he had better arm strength than he actually did. For some reason I thought he had a cannon for an arm
I started laughing when I saw that on TV, it was so ridiculously disrespectful
I actually have friends who told me they didn't start hating him until they saw that video because they said it exmplifed how charmed and lucky his life has been. They said "If you legit cry about being drafted in the 6th round of the NFL draft, you must not have endured many hardships in life."  And I can see where they are coming from if I'm being honest Lol  And I think every reasonable person knows Brady is good, they just feel he doesn't need to complain so much since they hold him to an unrealistic standard
The whole team is playing super awful outside of a few guys. I think AD sees no matter what he does this team isn't gonna go anywhere. Next year we just have to pray we don't get fucked by injuries again and hope that our first round pick and whatever FAs we get contribute.
Yeah I know, I just really hate Asik and wish we could get rid of him
Its sort of true though, racism is hard for a lot of white people to discuss because their race has such a bad history with other races. This means that many either try to show their "white guilt" by acting overally friendly to minorities and use specific compliments (which is subtle racism) or be hateful and treat them as subhuman because that's how history/family has told them to act. It can be a fine line at times. I'm half Native American who looks mostly white, so I've personally seen a lot of examples of both.   Even my mom (she's white) sometimes does the whole being a little racist when not trying to sound like it thing. If I didn't see first hand the subtle things people say about minorities so much I probably wouldn't even notice.
He's one guy and you guys shut down our team hard last year. I am really sad now because it feels inevitable that Bama is gonna repeat
Or Felipe Franks choosing to go with Florida, I was hoping he wouldn't change his mind
Uncle went to LSU when I was a kid so I became a LSU football fan (plus I visited down there a couple times and saw a game). And I am attending RIT right now so that's why I have my second flair
I remember watching this live and looking at everyone around me saying "Are you fucking serious?"
We had an 13-3 team in 2011 and won a playoff game in 2013, its not like we have sucked since our SB win
This song always makes me laugh, the dramatic beat combined with what he's rapping about kills me everytime
I am a Dodgers fan who has seen him a ton and I dont even know. His swing is effortless and he has way more power behind it than one would think, but he just misses so many hittable pitches. But the funny thing is that he walks a TON and is a OBP machine when his average isnt super low.  Adam Dunn is a common comparison and based on style of play and it seems like a good one. I wouldnt expect Joc to ever hit over .250 but the power looks real to me.   My projected peak for him (proabably wont be accurate at all) would be like .240/.360/.500 with 40 HRs, a ton of walks, 15 SB and around 150 strikeouts. He's anything but safe bet though.
Thank you, I'm taking him after thinking about it
I am just too worried about the holes in his swing. He is too prone to striking out to ever have a high average IMO   I guess we will see what the hitting coach has in store for him
I know a couple people from Africa and they think calling all black people African American stupid
I mean I can't really understand it since I'm half Native American half white, but from my experience every black person I met wanted to just be called black and not African-American because they said that Africa didn't really matter personally to them. There's groups of both I guess, but I always thought that we were all considered just "American" if we were born here and where our race was from shouldn't matter as much unless you celebrate customs and holidays of your family's old home.
I literally said the USA was mostly white. Its hard to get the short end of the stick if you are the majority because you have more people in support of you just cause of race. I'm just saying that some white people act like black people are taking over or some shit when they are just being given new opportunities. The racial disposition was much more noticeable until recently and there is constant blowback from a ton of people when blacks/minorities are given more opportunities.    You shouldn't compare the total population percentage to the percentage of all-game representation. You should compare the percentage of those who play basketball total to the ASG numbers because that's more fair.
Most LSU fans are really nice, ask people who go tailgating in baton rouge and they will tell you the same
It was hard to watch.....whenever LSU games become close I start to feel a sense of sadness because I know we will fuck up
We also had Jeremy Hill in the backfield and Mettenburger had a great season.....god I miss those beautiful days
That's how I feel right now, thought this game was gonna be a loss for us before it started!
The Giants and Cardinals make me question my fandom of baseball on a daily basis
I've never wanted an international guy for the Dodgers as much as this guy
I mean the trade indirectly got them the World Series win, no player they received from the trade really made a difference with them. The money was the real prize for them and they happened to spend it right   I'd say in terms of value the trade was about equal for both sides, the Red Sox just had a better ending to their season in 2013. We were actually doing great that postseason ourselves until Hanley went down and sunk our offense
Yeah I did training, I just don't have any real game experience, thanks for the tips!
First thing I did was buy a clicker and a cup, I've played baseball for too long not to wear one
It went good! Luckily the coaches were cool and supported me when I needed a little help. I only heard someone complain twice about my calls all game so I'll take that a win
My mistake, I honestly thought LaHair was the Cubs only all star that year. Forgot about Castro
We would be so beyond fucked I don't even want to think about it
His counting stats aren't superstar levels, but anyone who has watched him play healthy before this year would definitely call him one. He's an absolute offensive juggernaut when he's on his game......it's just that he's been injured a lot throughout his career and it's starting to take its toll IMO    Had he not gotten hit by a pitch in the face during the 2014 season he would have had well over 40+ HRs and probably would have won the MVP. That's something even as a Dodgers fan who absolutely loves Kershaw (2014 was his MVP year) believes
I'm gonna wait before declaring anything, but hoping he's really back too!
You have to look at the context of records though, just saying a team will be bad the next year because they had a bad record the year before is silly   I didn't downvote him, but I can totally understand why some people did
You are right about the balls on base thing, I got the years it was present mixed up  And yeah, the fact that they could start pretty much every game no problem inflated the WAR of the best players. Imagine Kershaw's WAR if he started every Dodgers game and didn't suffer from the massive arm fatigue that modern pitchers deal with, which is mostly because of the deliveries they had to adopt to deal with improved batting techniques.
