I'm the same but with Revan. Disney I need Revan to exist.  Please make him canon.
And Wisconsin.
GTA I switch from controller and keyboard depending on if I'll be driving more or shooting more.   Personally I don't know what this guy is so worried about, I'm super pumped to play some games with my PS4 friends. We need MORE cross platform games.
Using just unofficial patches i seemed to get good mileage.
Who names these things.    I used to do retention for a cable company and I'd get phone calls from old women wanting to cancel their cable because their bill was too high.  I had to tell more than one woman that the bill was high because someone ordered movies. They'd ask what movie and I'd have to tell them "Big bootie Bitches 3" or other similar shows.
I'm OP.
My current viewcount is 1,023,544 views and I'm a fucking idiot.
Oh damn I cant wait to get home so I can watch it.
I have a lot of problems with OBS and MSI working together.
There is a difference between a gun hater and someone who thinks gun control is good.  Im one of these people you think if as gun haters I'm sure.  I'm not posting here because there is no reason to.  This lady did literally nothing that I disagree with.    It's the ridiculous open carry and full automatic people that I have issue with.  And I would venture that most people don't want to chime in on this thread because it would clearly turn very hostile very quickly.
I was referring to the people who want the ban removed.  The same kind of people who think every single piece of hardware the military has civilians are entitled to aswell.  Yes these people exist I've talked to them here on reddit.  Anything from heavy caliber automatic weapons to tanks to chemical weapons.  These people are the ones I have issue with.  For the most part I like our guy control where it is.  When I say I'm pro gun control I don't mean I want more, I mean I like what we have.    Also sorry for any spelling or grammar issues, I switched to a new keyboard for my phone and it's a bit weird.
As someone who only recently started watching the show it's crazy to see these references that I never would have gotten before.
This worked, I've inherited 90k from the holy order now. Thanks!
Fuck the NRA.   I like guns for recreation but I won't touch that organization.
Anyone who has worked in enterprise technical support has had to come in on a Sunday night to fix an issue, or do environment changes over the weekend. It sucks but sometimes it's necessary.   Now, granted it was not necessary for Funhaus to work on Sunday, especially with the busy week coming up. However for an event that only happens once a year I would think they'd do the show Sunday.
I was going to join the Navy.... I don't mention to people I know.  I went to the recruiters passed their tests and was driven to a recruitment building were I did color blind tests and hearing tests. I was disqualified from a few positions on account of being colorblind and the other positions they offered me didn't interest me.  When I turned them down they got really pushy with me and asked me if I wanted to keep working my low paying job forever. I never looked back after leaving that day and while I'm not filthy rich I make way more than the e-4? Or whatever it was they were going to start me at.    I do wonder what would have happened if I'd not turned them down.  But this is all in the past and as I said I don't usually tell people about it.
Well I bought it from GMG for 50% off, but this is tempting. I don't really need to play the game anytime soon and there is no evidence that WB/Rocksteady are going to fix it.
One day after I start my new job.  I have 13 days without work and paradox releases the day after I start.  Well shit.
Another disclaimer yay - I love your guys videos, this is just a list of my thoughts while watching this.  27 minutes in so far but I just wanna start writing some of my thoughts, both about the PC port and just about the game in general. I am going to add this to the top of my post, I have NOT played this game yet, this entire post is my opinion on your video and other community videos and general reaction to the port.  I don't claim to be an expert and I certainly don't claim to be more knowledgeable than the rest of you, this is your job after all. The thoughts below are all opinion.   I wanted to address something about TBs video. Adam says he's apparently Hitler for enjoying the game while TB is talking about frame drops. The kind of people who care about Frame Drops will watch TBs port reports, they're technical because they're for the people who want to know how many frames are dropping and what performance can be expected. I don't watch the port reports because I'd rather see reviews from Angry Joe or Yahtzee.   Something you guys have not touched on was the missing graphics. 30 fps aside, They recently added Ambient Occlusion and missing rain textures to the PC version via a patch. You can say it's a small minority of the gamers who are experiencing this issue but launching with graphics missing that were in the PS4 version is pretty bad.   Regarding the FPS talk, I disagree that it's subjective. I am sure I'll be seen as a TB fanboy or a PCMR diehard but 60fps is objectively better **for games**. Games aren't like movies or TV shows they aren't shot or filmed at a certain fps. Sure you can have animations or physics tied to FPS but every game is objectively better at higher FPS. Again the only exceptions being if you tied your game mechanics to FPS which is a completely different problem at that point.   At 34:25 again, you'r probably right Lawrence maybe most people can't tell the difference between having some of these options on or off. However WB games and Nvidia clearly were in a marketing deal since we got a Nvidia video showing some of the cut affects (Ambient Occlusion) and even showing 60 fps. [HERE](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsjmLNZtvxk) This video shows not only the missing rain textures (I'm sure I'll get mocked for caring about them but don't promise shit if you're not going to deliver on it.) and the missing Ambient Occlusion, and the video is in 60fps. Come on guys you have to agree that that's a bit misleading to PC gamers.   Next thing you're talking about is preordering. I agree with you guys completely on this. People should be responsible with their own money. All the BS preorder items would either stop showing up completely or more likely they'd show up later on as DLC or in patches. Also Lawrence is correct on the idea of "people can't stand that there is something they didn't get", the Destiny crap is a good example of that.   You guys keep bringing up that you're having a good time with Arkham Knight (or atleast Adam is) which is completely fine, but it's the same thing you guys talked about regarding the Nvidia forums. Someone shows up and says "I'm having issues with X" and they get "Well it works fine for me.", this is exactly what you're doing right now.   40:16 I'm also replaying Arkham Origins! It's pretty awesome I want to play through all of the games in order and figured by the time I'm done with City again Knight should be better optimized. I would say that if I had one complaint about Origins it'd be the Shock Gloves, they're crazy powerful and make the fights a bit too easy. But it's also easy to just ignore they exist.   Closing note, I've seen the game run like shit, I've seen the game run fine (I'm ignoring the FPS issue when I consider it running fine), and I'm super happy that even with the game having the issues it has it will be fixed eventually. It's awesome that we can get patches so quickly to fix these things.   Personally I have not yet played this game. I own it and it's sitting in my Steam library, however this week I've been packing and cleaning since I move to a new state on July 1st. It's been interesting to see all the different reactions. I've seen videos of it working fine and videos of it working terribly. I'm not sure yet if I'll play it once I move in or if I'll wait, or even request a refund.   And that wraps up my entire um.. idk whatever this is... rant? observations? Anyway I love your guys videos and can't wait for more content... promise not to write a book for the next video.
Yea, old games are broken. Sometimes in terrible ways.... my entire Roman Empire is blind now... literally everyone in my empire.
We've done this probably about 10 times total, between casual and ranked. Nitro is less of a concern than flanking. Generally you can get the first one or two guys dead and plant before anyone else streams into the room, and once it's planted it doesn't matter if the shields go down as long as the guys outside have a good angle on the defuser.   That's where a good flank can completely mess this up, but as you'd seen we did have people watching the sides.
It's interesting that I don't see this done more often then, I have 67 hours in this game and we've never had this strategy used against us.
I don't think that'd cause the channel to be removed. My channel has had at least half a dozen claims on it and it has never been removed. They either block your video or put ads on it which pay out to the claimant.
As a storage admin I'd rather deal with Windows, Linux is so picky about its storage.
Yes, specifically ufc. I even made a post about it on the ufc forum which was rather mixed in its responses. Apparently some people literally don't want us to have ea sports games because we are arrogant.
The idea that the only way to make college more affordable is to make the money less accessible is fucked up to me. I would not be where I am today without government loans for college.  If the right had their way I'd be a farmer like my father was rather than working in enterprise storage.
There is a post on this very sub about a air force officer being charged with sexual assault by the way.   I wanted to make a new post for this so I didn't have to rely on an edit that you wouldn't have seen. There is so much shit that is done in the world daily and that you and the other people who down vote things that you disagree with are so quick to ignore things that aren't don't by Arabs is a perfect example of part of the problem.
I should have, I didn't realize how much I was going to include in the comment. Live and learn though.
I never said you used the word Muslim.  I'm fine with the fact that I used the wrong word, I'll try to use the right one next time. None of this matters though, you'd rather waste time talking about symantics because without that part to pick at the rest of what I said here has been right. Guess you're right, case closed.
Last year I got a 2+ and did not get a bonus. I'm not with IBM anymore so I can't tell you if things have changed. I can say that the year before that I got a 2+ and did get a bonus, so your mileage may very.
I blame years of IT work on that. Damn Symantec.
Something like this can happen on PC too, though I admit while watching this my first though was "I'd be dead within the first second of this gif."   I have had shootouts that after watching the replay I question how the hell neither of us hit each other for so long.
I don't get shit for all the meetings I go to.
Seems like that'd change drastically depending on where you live. I make 55k a year and live in Wisconsin, I have friends who live in California and make 100k a year but spend more than 3x what I do on rent for example.
I don't know anyone who thinks there should be no limit and I'm pro refugee I guess you could say.
This type of gift will get substantially more expensive in future generations.   "I got my friend all 700 pokemon framed!"
I can't watch it right now since I'm at work, I'll check it out when I get home though or on lunch.
OPs post is removed so I can't respond to him.  I want to say though that I like some of the things Paul says but I can't support small government. One thing conservatives are so proud of is that we're a super power, maybe even the only super power to some of them. I'm sorry guys but decentralization doesn't lead to superpowers. I can't think of an easier way to weaken the union between states then by weakening the federal government.
Wow I never considered Trump as a Horus figure, I like it.
I'm in Wisconsin right now AMA.
I chose walk, because I have no kids, I have a poor relationship with my mother, and I have no reason to shovel since my apt has a heated garage.
I lived in dubuque for a while and man those Hill roads suck in the winter. Nothing like having the car in front of you start sliding down the hill... towards you.
&gt;f I were an accountant, I'd carefully report all earnings so they came up to exactly $249,999, taxing them at 17.2%. That way, my clients would keep 206,999. If they reported a single dollar more, they'd only get to keep $127,000...roughly the same amount you'd keep if you paid 17.2% on $151,900.  This is simply not true. Our income tax is marginal, this means that you pay tax per bracket. So your clients will pay 17.2% tax on all income up to 249,999 and every dollar after that will be taxed at the next bracket.   Unless I've drastically misunderstood tax rates this is how it works. I have to go to sleep as it's 1:30am but someone please correct me if I'm wrong about this as I'd love to know.
My first though was that this would just be destroyed by a tsunami. Thanks for answering my question before I had to ask it.
I always read the comments first, then go to the article so I can explain to someone in the comments that they should read the article. I did not have to this time.
To be fair my donations have been directly to him via his site, not through reddit.
They don't all kill civilians. But you are right in the sense that police should be under significantly more scrutiny than the average citizen. I have no issues with police in my area and I've never had a bad experience with police, but I've seen enough shit online to know that it happens. These people are charged with keeping us safe and maintaining law and order, if we can't trust them it impedes their own ability to do their job.
Read the other replies to me, been through this.
I have jc3 and I also think denuvo is fucking dumb. You don't have to be a pirate to dislike drm.
You and me both.
