I've always likened those who fight gentrification similar to those who fought against civil rights and modern medicine.  I take that stance because I live in West Philly where our nickname was "The Bottom", still is, but it's not lacking in drug needles, and broken glass bottles on the ground.  Rampant crime and gang fights in the streets.  Gentrification has always been good in my neighborhood, pushing about the bad elements that just don't give a damn about the area.   Even so I like the idea of gentrification as well as affordable housing.  No one should ever get priced out of the neighborhood they worked hard to maintain.
Don't talk about our coach like you know him.  He wants to win, that's all.  He has a system to win, if you believe you are bigger than the team then there are your walking papers.
I don't pay any mind to anonymous downvotes anymore, I see them as trolls or paid shills who disagree with me but can't form their opinions into words without looking like idiots.  I'm all about more information and reason and not so much about blanket statements like OP was saying.
I haven't seen it, I don't frequent this sub.  Douche #2 has been discovered.
Yeah I get them mixed up
But I like the populated areas, it's fun to see a mob of random players just man handle a boss together.  I think I've completed like seven quests with end dungeon bosses that way.
How should I build my Nightblade out?  I'm focusing right now on skills, wearing mostly medium armor and some heavy armor.  I'm specialized in dual wield and very little work with bows.   Should I focus more on health stamina or magic?
Can I have a restoration staff with healing and elemental damage on it?  As a NB with dual wield I'd love to continue to output double damage and gain an extra slot to heal myself in a pinch.
Old habits die hard, thought someone would get a kick out of it haha.
Oh gosh I completely forgot about that.  I have a Vita too!
How about the other motifs?  I'm in Aldermi right now, so I'd find the motifs for the races associated with them?
I do this with no remorse.  We all have queued long lines.  Have some patience.
2 years and running!
If this was my job site, someone would have been unemployed real quick.  I've fired people for less.
Yes I too am struggling with Kleptomania, but I'm taking something for it, so I got that going for me.
So much better than Destiny.  My Nightblade looks awesome in charcoal.  I want black black now.
Once you get up to 20% in equity of the mortgage you can cancel it.  If you aren't going to take a 2nd mortgage out the fastest way is to pay down the principal of the mortgage.  A few hundred dollars a month and you're on your way.
I had a blunt with oxy I felt like this photo.  I was one with the sensation, and my bed, on a molecular level.
You know I was on the fence about buying the game, but now seeing that I would have to buy the collector's edition Bungie has secured it for me.  They've completely lost my patronage.
NA PS4 AD WTS/WTT Redguard Motif or any motif not Argonian, Breton, Khajitt, Nord.  Trade or gold.   (US PS4 Aldermi dominion, looking to sell for gold Redguard Motif, or trade for motif that isn't Argonian, khajitt, Nord, or Breton.)
There's two easy ways I've found to quitting.   Play ESO, play Batman.   Okay so im just replacing an addiction but I can walk away from the last two.  Honestly this may be the best thing for me, focus on life and family.
I'll never play Destiny again if PvP was pay to win, duck that noise.
And here I was hoping they'd fix the Silvenar quest to get those vet 2s and highers to stop trolling it.  I WANT TO ADVANCE THE DAMN STORY ALREADY.
I have all the year 1 ships and all the faction shaders.  I guess you could consider me lucky that the only ship I'm missing is the NM, and DO year 2 ships.   Least where the factions are concerned.
That wasn't playing Devils advocate, that was taking what OP explained and ignoring it and going back to what they wanted regardless of the pros/cons that was stated.   I get what OP said that I'm content at the moment with P2P.  Though I do wish the raid wouldn't lag as much as it does for my fireteam.  One that spans the globe, nothing can be done about it (at this point) though.
My hidden gem wouldn't be so hidden if I revealed it huh?  It's a scout rifle, with more impact and stability than the Mida.  It also has 3rd eye, and not many people have it anymore.
If a network was paying me 6 million a year to just travel, and make witty comments a few days out of the year while televised, why would I want to leave that gig to one  where I'd have to work 15+ hours a day and be stressed out?
I'm assuming that I'd like to get an update from Bungie, because they were the ones who brought it up.
You can get them from the big chest after killing Skolas.  A fireteam member who did it with me had it drop.
I don't ever recall fusion rifles being as OP when Thorn was considered OP.  But those times were a year ago and frankly who cares?  People call other people out on here all the time for their choice of weapons.  If those two have an axe to grind I'd just let them do it and grab some popcorn.
My advice, remember and hold onto this feeling.  Revisit the same memories and feelings come December of this year.
I know, yet I'm downvotes for citing canon.  Go figure huh?
Three folks won the jackpot.  Guess I gotta go back to work in the morning......
How did you do that shadestep jump?  I can never get it so fluid.
I'll try increased control but how early is early?  I'm on PS4 so is it Circle, Circle, and the X immediately?
I casually come here whenever it's on the front page.  I didn't think someone would go full 4chan on me though.  I guess I don't know what I expected....
Wasn't it placed in New York?  At the time it took up to a year to get anyone out.  God I don't miss those days.
I want a Vex glimmer ghost... I have a Cabal but engram extractor is...spirit bloom...........
This is definitely it.  My KW office supports the same as well as internally helping individual agents achieve their goals, lead generation, planning, 411.  They have come to realize that if you help individual agents grow into rockstars in their own right they eventually by osmosis build their own team because they get so busy.  I love the education that gets put on from the top teams and individual agents as well.
We at least got to 5 wins, doesn't matter which side we spawned on.  Then we ran into lag and sweaties and it was back to the Reef for us.
Not me, I decided I was going to delete all my Crota end stuff, and keep my VoG guns, though I regret deleting my Praedyth timepiece and the CE pulse.  I deleted all the armor from year 1 and kept some unreleased year 1 exotics.  My vault is now filling up with year 2 exotic engrams and guns.  I feel if you aren't entirely attached that year 2 vault space is more manageable.
I'll trade you one of my two Cruxes for a red spectre...........
I helped someone on my friends list get matched.  Might have something to do with the region the fireteam leader is in.  I'm on US East Coast and they were trying to match someone near me.   Worked out on the second go.
I've got a challenge, do the entire raid using dual snipers.
*raises hand*  I started out pretty bad, I think most people did.  I've watched TrueVanguard, and KJHovey and was always envious.  During using the sniper I had forced myself to be aware of what I was doing while sniping.  With that I came to the conclusion that I was jerking my control sticks too hard which threw my aim off.  I learned to calm down, and just pull the trigger.   .....it also helped that I lowered my sensitivity to 2 from 7 as well.
Rangefinder and Rifled Barrel, my friend had one.  It has more range than the First Curse and similar impact.  Godly.
I'll spend all day down there so long as she spent all day eating pineapples.
In enjoying myself and learning a lot from the beta.  I can take my experience and transfer it over to the real game.  I've learned how to post up at the garage extraction solo, learned when to run, where to run, etc.  Also how to handle large groups.  The tension is like nothing I've ever experienced in a game and I'm thoroughly enjoying myself.
I use it as a learning experience.  Put myself in sticky situations and try to find a place to hold up and defend.  I find myself rolling more now.
I'm an amateur when it comes to HCs but my Devil You Know feels so nice.  With the high stability I win many mid range encounters that doesn't involve a shotgun with RF.
