I put blonde highlights in my hair, which is black... It never quite bleached right, ended up with an ugly copper.
Thanks for the handbook link, I've got to re-test for my license in july and wondered if they had one digitally available.  The yield sign at Fayetteville and I-40 near Southpoint enrages me sometimes with the number of drivers that power through it, then honk at you when you don't slow for them.
I was on my bike doing a time trial, so I didn't stop.
Actually doing an international Tri on Sunday, just a practice run at maintaining solid speed.
Yeah, so I've got an Olympic Tri on Sunday... I'm not sweating it.
How did you do?  It was my first "long distance" and I set my goals and blew them out of the water, posting my fastest swim and bike times ever, but was in a lot of pain for the run and had to walk a portion.  3:33:29
Second this, I'm full Keto Adapted, just finished an International on Sunday and felt great (energy-wise) the whole time, off some bacon, eggs, and cheese 2 hours before race, and half of a Quest protein bar between bike and run.
Buddy of mine I did the race with about died on the swim and was cramping up the whole time for bike/run...
My buddy's garmin short-distanced our swim by 200 meters on Sunday, so we were wondering if it were an accuracy issue.
[Her](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/8NxeO2BPNaf_zIyxaoUQCxTcp8rz3Mbj49VMr1Nl6C5S=w581-h869-no), I want to be around to walk her down the aisle in 25 years... and not just walk, but be able to dance like a fool!
Normally I am Tri-Training, but I am taking a month off for recuperation, and basic muscle strengthening, so my cardio is cut a lot, and thus caloric burn are going to decrease a lot, so I'm just trying to prepare.
I don't have an actual mother-in-law, as she passed away a few years before I met my wife, though I think she'd have been quite awesome.   My father-in-law's current girlfriend is absolutely terrible, but it's a whole different degree. There are people you like, and people you don't like... and then there are people that are just plain bad people... she's one of the latter.
Its essentially all broccoli and spinach for me currently.
Congrats dude, on my way to meet you shortly, I hope.
My wife said, blood doesn't run that way on ice... Kinda creeped me out.
Pennywise, I caught the beginning of IT when I was like 8 at my grandparents house, and don't think I actually ever watched it through till I was in my 20s. By then it looked so stupid.
The freakin' floor being lava... How the hell am I supposed to get from my bed to the toilet, I've gotta pee.
They come running up to me when I'm looking at the 4k 65" tv... then they realize I'm not going to buy it then and there, and poof! Jimmy Hoffa.
I've been doing triathlons for almost a year now, and I notice I have a lot more stage 3 energy than my compatriots.
I am member at the Durham Y, the downtown branch isn't far from duke, easy drive or bike. I used to go to Millinium Fitness on Hillsborough, not far from campus either.
I love them, the caramel chocolate nut roll really tastes like a Baby Ruth and is my goto snack when my wife breaks out chocolate and ice cream.
TWC for cable/internet together. Frontier for DSL although they advertise 6mbps around the area and 12 in downtown durham, they've only been able to deliver 3mbps at my house.
I actually only discovered this race existed because I read this story last week. Total bummer, I don't even have a super nice bike, but you bet my gear goes in the hotel room with me.
Man I can pick up 5-6 pounds of water weight overnight depending on what I eat, 8 lbs for a pro athlete I'm not too concerned about.
Our actual wedding cake was more traditional, but my grooms cake was an xbox360 with a copy of Arkham Asylum.
Probably a cool chick like my wife. Dude's lucky.
My wife thought it was quite cute as well.
Heavy whipping cream and unsweeted almond milk first thing in the morning, no sugar.  Black and night the rest of the day.
I know two other couples that are Liz and Dave... very interesting.
There's a nasty pothole in the bike lane on MLK at one point that I discovered the hard ward. I stay on the sidewalk through that area, have had quite a few police officers drive by while riding without the slightest bit of interest in me. I don't think that citation is worth their time.
That's basically my policy, ask me to do something and I will go out of my way to help... Demand I do something... Yeah, that's a ballgame, goodnight.
I mean organizing it as a group will get us nowhere I agree, but I really never sat back and thought about the disappointment I've experienced for super hyped games I had preordered til someone here brought it up and I was like... Wait a minute.  I want Arkham Knight so bad, but I'm at a conference all next week, I'll read some reviews and the go out and pick it up Friday.
I was going 5+, I must've counted wrong.
Had there been a car right there I would've likely been clipped, as it kicked me out to the side, but it was like 10:30am and fairly deserted.
I like the AMC at Southpoint. Clean, cool, and usually plenty of times for new releases.
I just did an Olympic Tri fully keto adapted a few weeks back a d ran circles around the guy I train with... ID like to say I'm surprised, but I know how good this feels.
Headed out on Tues morning will be there mid-day and staying til late afternoon Friday.
I wanted to go to the RHEL7.1 and the OpenStack sessions they had. I registered for summit back in Jan/Feb but never saw anywhere on the website where you could pick sessions, only once I got the email about the App last Thurs, and by then all the lab sessions were full. Kind of bummed out.
I grab some isopure espresso but make it with unsweetened almond milk and a tablespoon of HWC to give it a little extra body.
Travelling to Boston tomorrow... Packing Cam Newton jersey.
I alternate workouts daily throughout the week, brick on Saturday and take Sunday off. I'd start off small, usually a 15 min bike, followed by a 5 min run... Add a percent each week until you're where you want to be.
Saturdays when i have more time for bricking. Nope, my 5 days a week are usually R, S, B, S, R... Next and it rotates... S, B, R, B, S...
I'd be up for a code and coffee event. I've never been much for development, always found CS tasks tedious, but would like to pick up some new skills and have fun.
So seriously, I played Destiny til the first expansion... bought it, played it like a week longer, and haven't played it at all since. Am I missing anything?
Granite Falls Sprint April Kerr Lake International June UNC Super Sprint July OBX Half Sept  I have a few other run-only events laced in there as well. And trying to fit another Int in early August.
Basically I'm meeting up with the friend I do big events with and we are looking at doing the same, grabbing a vacation rental for that weekend.
Gallbladder attacks, for a month or two before they figured out what it was because I was "too young".
I have one of the [mouse pad antennas](  http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B00IF70T4M/ref=mp_s_a_1_3?qid=1451773298&amp;amp;sr=8-3&amp;amp;pi=SL75_QL70&amp;amp;keywords=50+mile+antenna+indoor) with 50 mile range, it is directional still so you have to have it set right in your house, I get 38 channels right now, when you include the sub-stations, only beef is I don't get abc11 at all, even though I can pick up some stations from Greensboro. It works for CBS, NBC, Fox for football, and gets the CW for the other shows I watch, so I'm usually covered.
My apartment let me rent one of their storage garages for the weekend, it worked out quite well for me, put down some cardboard to ensure the area stayed clean.
I had to fly alone with my daughter last thanksgiving, just shy of a year old. I could see the other passengers dreading that seat next to me on a nearly full flight. She watched Jungle Book on my tablet for about 5 mins, and slept the rest of the way.
