Personally, I'd rather have 975 skins with particle effects, but it's each to their own I guess.
He's one of them, he knows the pain of having to pee sitting down. They weren't gonna challenge a brother in blood.
You've no idea what you missed. I was expecting it and am used to that sort of gore and even I was sat there shouting "Jesus Christ. Fucking hell!".
Some of us just like the Pool Party skins. I intend to get the bundle either way and I don't play Draven or Mundo, and don't even own Zac yet. But I like the skins so why not.
I work, I have some spare cash, and I'm working to unlock each champion eventually. Zac is osomeone I refunded a year ago because I didn't get him, but my play has evolved since then and now is the time. Same goes for Draven; I'm trying to expand my horizons and I like to at least have on skin on a champion if I own them, especially given I enjoy playing a fair bit of ARAM. There's only 1 or 2 champions where I will always buy their new skin, and before now I've only really used RP to buy new release champions with their bundle, I mostly use IP.  Besides, it all goes into a game I enjoy, I spent £90 on Battlefield 4 and barely played it, so I'm not too fussed about putting money into a game I'm actually enjoying XD.
Sorry, I only have a needlessly large one. Best of luck though!
Glad to hear there are other people like this floating through bot matches. My girlfriend and her best friend have been dipping their toes into league via bots, and the friend had a right asshole in one of the intermediate matches flaming because she wasn't particularly skilled (granted she probably shouldn't have skipped beginner bots but hey, it's fucking bots y'know?)  People should just chill in the game in general, but they should REALLY chill when it's co-op mode.
Throwing this out incase it is actually still an issue when I get on later today;  When I was last playing I spent awhile trying to land a VTOL dropship on the Mun made with the Extraplanetary Bases mod. It was badly balanced and I went through a bunch of attempts before it finally survived landing and I got it docked to my base. But for some reason even when the ship was totally stopped, and when it no longer existed and had been joined to the base, I kept getting the 'cannot save collision course' warning as I tried to exit.  The game was still auto saving after certain actions and it saved with the base attached together but I'm wondering if this is something I'm gonna keep having or if anyone else has experienced it. My only other vessels are 3 satellites in orbit around the Mun all at aoe and happy.
Same, I never cared about getting out there until I had a long-term plan, I wanted a solid base set up on the Mun with easy tourist travel In my brain before I stepped foot outside Kerbins SOI and something always got in the way. Mostly a decision that I could make this look better and id start again from scratch.
I want him to finish and I look forward to it but we're used to waiting.  Besides nobody wants to put that much stress on him he's not exactly young and fit and we still need to get another book out of him!
As a UK buyer are you sure that you're not gonna end up with an extra £100 VAT for a luxury item, plus the £15-20 Royal Mail, DHL etc charge you just for the luxury of being able to pay your VAT. Because I've been shafted by that particular pole before and it put me off ordering before I know what the costs come to in total.
Seen it and spent it. Tbh that's probably why I'm close to just ordering the damn thing despite the sour taste the cost leaves me. I just spent £1600 on a new rig what's another £500 for a totally bew experience.
I was actually agreeing with you, that £ $600 for a 1st gen consumer model isn't unrealistic given the price of other first-Gen tech. The first iPhone did a lot at the time but comparatively little to what you get for the same cost now. But realistically there is NO experience comparison to the Rift outside of direct competition from other consumer VR headsets of which we have NO price point beyond the same level of price promise we got for the Rift.  I'm on your side.
I'm gonna make a preorder and see what happens with the Vive. I might change my mind with Steam being a more established gaming platform, and it'd be just like Valve to make Portal 3 Vive-only and shatter my dreams.
Did the same as you, I've come back this weekend, started fresh (kept my original character because he had all the motifs which dropped so easily in those early days) and I haven't found the game empty at all. one of the great things about ESO is the multiple instancing of cities, so theres probably fewer of them now but they LOOK populated still, and there's still those around talking from time to time.
Same, I couldn't live without my Naga, especially as I'm a left-handed mouse user and they are literally the only company that do a mouse that both has that many buttons and is left-handed.
Oh damn, I am a fool.   Wait you want me to unsubscribe? That's a bit harsh I only just got here!
I found Filmore online and researched it all at some point last year. I was so happy. It was one of my favourite shows especially as a fan of police procedurals.  EDIT: also if there's one thing I'm taking away from this its that Disney are missing out on a lot of money for relatively little effort not releasing all their 90s and 2000's cartoons as box sets for £20-40 a pop.
From day one I've been clear with my fiancé that games are a big part of my life and who I am. She games but her passion is Pokemon and sometimes the Sims so it's nowhere near as devotedly as me. But it means she understands when I say 'doing fuck all this weekend X is coming out' because every time there's a new Pokemon game she just disappears for a week. We get each other, and I'd always consider it the backbone of our relationship that we understand each others passions even when we don't share them, and support each other in them.
My personal list;  Saving Private Ryan, when he's stood over the grave with his family and asks his wife of he's been a good man. I'm in no way involved with or support the military, but damn that moment makes me tear up.  A lot of people mention the Futurama episode with the dog. But the episode Game of Tones hits me much harder. A short synopsis; while being forced to relive the memories of his last day in 1999 all Fry wants to do is have one last conversation with his mother, just for some closure for himself, he gets stopped from doing this and is visibly upset. Later, as a gift to thank him for his help, Nibbler connect Fry's consciousness with a dream his mother has shortly after he goes missing, giving him an actual chance to say goodbye, even if only in her dream. This made me really sad imagining how it must feel to know that he just disappeared and she never knew what happened or anything. I can't not cry.  Bridge to Terabitihia. I got physically angry when she died in the film, having never read the book. I was enjoying it so much and it was such a nice.story then bang. Dead because of that prick.
Started a new job, working nights only me and one other worker who was always provided by an agency; no consistency and no responsibility. Was totally thrown in at the deep end. Given one night on with an experienced worker then just expected to get on with it. After six weeks without a word my manager has me come in early with 5 hours notice so they can do my first review (meant to have them every 2 weeks). She then proceeds to chew me out for a ton of stuff I've done 'wrong' with no consistency as to what my response should be in situations, and getting aggressive when I defend myself, then accusing me of fabricating paperwork. All this happened on my birthday.  I worked out during that shift that the paperwork she accused me of was 100% accurate and I could prove that she was lying. At that point I decided there was no way in hell I was staying because I had no idea what her next bullshit would be. I contacted the agency that supplied my coworkers, joined them on the sly, worked part time for a bit and found a better job with better pay through working for them with the agency. Turns out everyone in the area knows exactly what she's like too, as I started working other places with the agency and they all knew the stories.
In regards to the dairy thing, I've always drank thick milkshakes whenever I have a sore throat. Any otber cold drinks don't help but a thick milkshake taken slowly can give great relief for awhile.
I get your interest in this actually. I was reading a case a few months ago where a woman has validly overthrown her mother's will, in which she was explicitly disinherited. She was able to do this and receive a fairly large sum because they successfully argued that when her father died in an accident at work, and her mother received a large settlement, her father would have wanted that settlement to carry down to his daughter. At the time of his death she was very young, if not still in-womb (I can't remember for certain). So they argued that her mother's will prevented her from receiving assets her father was known to have wanted her to benefit from, leading her to receive something like 30-40% of the estate back from the charity it had been donated to.
Well, he probably had to train himself to sweat, then train himself to not sweat while trying to sweat.  It's hard being a bhuddist when you have to teach yourself bodily functions to control :(
I used to be like this until I worked for a supermarket. For awhile I was only assigned to trolleys outside. If it wasn't for a knee injury that made the shifts walking on asphalt painful I'd have stuck with it instead of being on a checkout. People leaving trolleys all over the place gave me something to do, and being able to saunter across the carpark to collect a trolley and idly push it back was very relaxing.
Jon Richardson springs to mind for me, he's a UK comedian who fully owns being weird, anti social and somewhat obsessive, and admits the fact that some of the stupid stuff that happens is because of this.
I had to wait until I got home. Worth.
Throwing it out because it's a rarity that nobody will get.  The original series of Zoids had a blonde chick in that I found very hot as a 12 year old dude. Haven't seen it in the past decade so I couldn't confirm.
Thankfully I've only ever experienced their fried chicken.
I work in a shelter, we often get donations of bread from local bakeries, also sandwiches from a few places. Left over buffet food from functions etc. We arent an open shelter, we have residential clients only. Had someone trying to claim we were making them sick by giving them the option to take food that had been freshly donated that night. He got shut down pretty quickly when we advised him that he didn't have to eat any of the donations nor was it served as a meal; we just kept it in an area for the rest of the evening to help themselves.
Best description I've ever heard.   As an example, me and my partner have been together almost 3 years and in that time we have only had one fight. She came over for the weekend, and I spent a lot of my time on my computer. But whole she was over, she slept two solid 12 hour nights, and before getting onto and after every game or two I would always ask her 'are you okay? Do you want me to stop for a bit?' and she would say 'no. It's fine'  As I'm driving her home she tells me she felt like she's not spent much time with me because I spent so much time gaming.  I blew my lid. I got very upset, not just angry, but actually crying in frustration because I had been very, very explicit in frequently making sure she was okay with me gaming, and because I work nights our sleep patterns also didn't sync up well, so I not only slept less but spent a lot of my 'awake' hours lying next to her awake.  Now. Either of us could have said nothing. She could have not said anything at all, or i could've just said 'okay'. In either case, one of us wouldve felt frustrated with the other. As it happens we both got upset, but it ended there. She realised that it wasn't fair to say something like that after she's repeatedly given her blessing, and I made it clear that I want her to be honest with me about how she feels and what she wants, because I will always do the same, and always treat that with consideration and respect.  All couples have disagreements, but by keeping communication open and honest, you can seriously limit having actual arguments. And I think part.of that comes from the fact that keeping communication open requires you both to respect each other's thoughts and feelings.
This makes me very hopeful for me and my fiance because you could basically be describing us, albeit our goals differ from yours (kids, the suburbs, stay at home dad).  And we like a big bed. I'm a big guy. And I cannot sleep with someone touching me. I love to cuddle but I have to sleep in my own space. But we could never go to bed angry. Because I like to cuddle first and so does she XD
What Kirielis said. This was a bit earlier in our relationship, and I work nights during the week so my only free time every other week is when she comes over. We were having a quiet weekend in either way, but I had a rare chance to play with a group of friends who don't live nearby and also have lives of their own. So I made sure she was okay with me taking the opportunity, and made sure repeatedly she was happy with me playing while she was on her DS, drawing and listening to music. We were in the same room this entire time.
I work with the homeless so you can imagine I've met some colourful characters, but my weirdest has to be at university.  So in halls in first year of university we had a new Chinese (relevant later) student moved into our block like halfway through the year. We found out he had been moved out of another block in our area because he was stealing food from the communal kitchen and they'd caught him on camera doing it.  So he continued to do this, as we later found out. He also constantly wore this dirty, mustard yellow vest top with nothing underneath. We once saw him come into the kitchen, place raw chicken on a plate next to some chips, place it in the oven without turning it on, come back an hour later, and take it into his room, uncooked. We were pretty sure he ate it.   I'm not going to go into details about the rest as there's so much, but there was some discussion about him trying to do something with a drunk girl, he was also caught shouting and screaming after most people had left for the holidays over something insanely minor, and when he started throwing furniture two of us screamed at him that we were sick of his shit, and he looked at us like we had slapped him, like nobody had ever told him off in his life. Our friend translated his shouting into threats about getting Triads on us.  He also used to have a bath in the communal bathrooms and leave the door wide open.  So yeah. There's that guy.
I know a lot of people would disagree, but I admire you. I know I couldn't reconcile the lack of trust in me again. But I can't even begin to imagine how difficult it is when two people who youre meant to be able to both trust and who are both meant to love you are telling you conflicting stories. I'm glad the two of you were eventually able to reconcile.
You literally have to walk in facing the toilet. Pay attention to what you're doing instead?  And this comes from someone who just automatically puts it down when he's done. It's just a complaint that bugs me.
Word. I can actually attest to this quite well. I suffer from really bad hayfever, which I'm currently experiencing. I also got sick briefly which means my symptoms are prolonging a niggling cough.  So I've got itchy eyes, a heavy cough, constant sneezing, blocked nose, trouble sleeping and generally feel shit.  But the one thing I don't get is lethargy. I don't feel weakened. Maybe a little more tired than usual because of the disturbed sleep, and my breathing is harder because I have a congested chest. But physically I don't feel drained or weak, and it makes ALL the difference. I've been like this for weeks and its irritating but I can get by and carry on with life pretty much as normal. But all those symptoms plus tiredness/weakness are your general run of the mill bug. And when I get them I just become useless and need to sleep and rest. When I feel mentally drained I can just plough through, and when I'm tired because I've been active I can ignore it because I have been active. But when I know I CANT be active, and EVERYTHING feels more physically challenging it's frustrating and I just want to curl up and sleep it off.
I'm 6ft tall, the bed is just over 6ft long. I want the pillow I sleep with so that my spine is nicely aligned, and a large pillow in the vicinity to sit up in bed if necessary. Anything else is just taking up room where I sleep and restricting my movement why would that be nice.
Given enough time I could probably list every Overwatch champion and their abilities,  the majority of League of Legends champions and abilities, tons of skins. I can remember the names of MMO characters I made a decade ago.  Can't for the life of me remember my fiancees birthday. Or her eye colour. I know it's in October at the beginning, and I think they're a sort of.mossy green but it just doesn't sink in.   I don't remember my own eye colour either most of the time.  Repetition is retention. Birthdays come around once a year; I've only known her for two of hers so far. I see her eyes whenever I see her but I'm not looking *at* them. Just one of those things about memory.
Why would it be? My cats are treated with deflea. Delouse and anti worm on a monthly basis that protects them from infection for a month-long period. As long as I've had cats, always outdoor cats, they've never had any flea issues, and have had a single tick,. Which had attached at the corner of the eye where the treatment doesn't generally spread because it would irritate them.
Good to see a fellow scouser has some common sense. God knows what'll happen to the North if the Tories get to spend 4 years deciding where to spend all the money instead.
I've been meaning to try that chippy in Albert Dock for ages, was it good?
Managed this on Dorado once, was defending the point under the bridge, tackled a DVa ult back down the road and walked behind the wall to avoid dying.   Feels so good.
Not when myself IS an asshole.
You say that. Premier Inn on Princes Street, Edinburgh has like 5 floors and at least two of them have rooms that are up half a flight of stairs.
Yeah, I use Odeon Gallery if I'm going the cinema, about £25 a time for IMAX 3D. But I like having the drinks around, somewhere to sit and chill for up to an hour beforehand, and also, you can just sort of wander in as the film starts.
EU referendum happening right now. I'm currently shopping for emigration destinations. I here Canada is nice.
Not gonna lie, this sounds like the dream job for the pedant in me. Id like to think anyone in that situation would play the fuck out of that system out of sheer spite. But I know most wouldn't have the balls so kudos to you for doing your job the way you have to job the way they wanted you to.
I have no problem with saying this specific area of the law is shitty, and this specific area of the law needs changing.  I have a problem with the notion that, as a white heterosexual male, my level of disadvantage in life is so great that a systematic movement protecting my gender is necessary.   In short; Fathers4Justice (not the group specifically but the general notion behind the original intent), narrow-band campaigning, you go, i'll support.  Men's Rights? Fuckem, i've got enough rights and priviledges to be getting on with without trying to argue with truly disenfranchised groups that my problems deserve equal across-the-board attention.
Word of advice from a philosophy graduate; get out while you still can.  Congratulations on the weight loss, it's something I've always wanted to work towards myself and keep putting off repeatedly, and hope to one day finally find the motivation to make myself commit to it, but I'm glad to see you got to it young!  But seriously. If you're happy in your degree go for it, but prospects for Philosophy graduates after they graduate are terrible. So take every opportunity for extra curricular stuff at your uni, anything that can add to employability including clubs, graduate training programs, summer internships etc. It will all help give you a leg-up in 2.5 years  Good luck!
