She was very cute!
Lol, I was in Con Ops often enough over the weekend too.
I've only been in the gym for a Biden rally, but it was nice.  The tax measures always seem to pass easily there too.
My Target often has sets for cheap.  I found an open and resealed Minecraft Crafting Box set for twenty-five bucks.  Still seems to have everything too.
Heh, should have read the comments first, I just recommended Tokyo Crazy Paradise myself.
When we got a new couch we found thirteen cat toys underneath it.  And the people who delivered our new stove found seven toys behind the old one.
I've tried lots on iOS and the best right now is MangaStorm.  I use that in conjunction with A+ Manga Reader so I can browse for new titles or releases.
I had a male rat, and I put an ice pack to cool off with just outside his cage.  I figured he'd lie down on it or something similar, but no, he just rested his massive balls on the thing for a few hours instead.
He was quick enough to get up and beg for a treat if I came near, so nah he wasn't stuck.  After getting the treat he ate it then went back to cooling off his nads.
I was the only woman there so by default I'm the only one eligible I think.   I did mess up the Electric Slide at my sister's wedding.  Does that count?
If you want a real answer, the biggest bitch at my sister's wedding was a blizzard.  My sister got married in the middle of a freak blizzard that dumped three feet of snow on the eastern coast of the US.  She took her wedding photos with them holding snow shovels.
The worst part for me was being a fourteen-year-old snowed in for three days at a hotel with my parents
As someone with a fairly common name with two common spellings I feel your pain.
In the late nineties my college had an official campus cat named after you.
Well, you're the one who left the glorious body heat behind for her to sit in.
Yeah.  I just stayed at a hotel that had keys exactly like that.
The cat came from the shelter with severe dental disease.  We got most of her teeth removed and she goes to the vet every other month to make sure it's all ok. I'd gladly pay to make sure she's not in pain.
We were going once per month until the vet said everything looked so good we could do every other month.  In fact the vet has talked about going to six months next time.
Tito's Mexican Grill in Fairlawn is my husband's favorite.
I dunno, I'm just barely hanging on to reading it cause I really hate Yamada.
This is a special flea market run by an anime con.  I really don't find manga at our regular ones.
When did you go?  And did you go in both rooms?
Here from /bestof, just want to say that you are an incredible caring wonderful woman.
I went at 10:45 or so, like most garage sales it's better to go earlier.  Oh well, I trust you enjoyed the con though?
I'm staff so I spent most of it working.  Didn't get to see too much of the con I'm afraid.
I make comic strips every year "reviewing" the Star Wars Advent Calendar.
The picture she got flak for is so cute though!  And hey, if she didn't know how the character looked at the time then its understandable why she drew it that way.  And this is coming from a fat woman.
I just came from an anime con there are still PLENTY of obnoxious young fans.  And there still aren't that many over 30 fans.  At 37 I am definitely on the high end of the anime fan age range.
&lt;Marmalade Boy&gt;  &lt;Say I Love You&gt;  &lt;Mixed Vegetables&gt;  If you don't mind college age I can give you a few more.
I loved Terriers.  So glad we were still a Neilson family when it was on.
I think they only released one or two volumes of Yuu and Mi.    And hell, not only do I own Studio Ironcat manga, I actually went there and interviewed them.  I'm still Facebook friends with Steve Bennett.
Oh god, I love Lilly so much in this episode.  I can totally see why she likes the general.
I enjoyed this movie quite a bit, but I eventually had to leave and stop watching because the colors, blur and motion gave me a bad headache.
Man, this was in the one issue of CoroCoro I picked up in college.  I just found it again too.
No one knows Lum anymore.  I did an 18+ panel at Colossal and NO ONE except me and my friend knew who Lum or Urusei Yatsura was.
The woman who had my old apartment before me used to feed all the neighborhood skunks causing them to constantly hang around my dimly lit apartment building.    My then boyfriend used to have to carry a flashlight to avoid startling one and getting a faceful of stink.
My boyfriend (now husband) would avoid a skunk if he found one or wait it out.  You could talk to an exterminator about yours.  They could relocate them.
Are these still there?  My in-laws went and said they weren't.
My dentist has a machine that uses water to carve out crowns.  He does it all in house and I get my crown down in an hour.
We had a great Finnish exchange student when I was a kid.  I'd love to find her again.
If you do Lolita costuming I know friends in the area that host gatherings.
Ah, well, I'm not particularly girly anyway, though they are.  We go to thrift stores and I prefer looking at the toys while they go through the whole clothing section.
Heh, my Mythbuster minifigs look a bit different.  Though I had to cobble them together out of other minifigs I had.  Nice job though.
I thought that if you went to a store too close to closing time that they'll lock you in overnight.  This was a very real fear of mine.
My sisters and friends dragged me there in the 80's as a kid.  It was really scary to child me.  The road was destroyed, cracked and split, and smoke and steam rose from some of the cracks.  The houses and buildings were falling apart and boarded up with red x's and graffiti sprawled over them.    I distinctly remember child me being afraid that the remaining residents would attack us if we stayed too long.
Sweet, glad you got them safe.  At least you got plenty of storm troopers now!  Is that X-wing the poly bag I sent with the other stuff?
"My bed now."
The manga which I'm beginning to think I'm the only one who reads:  &lt;&lt;Azumi&gt;&gt;
Father was 15/16 if I recall and thought CC mom was the same age.
Except Cotton Candy doesn't have a two-year-old daughter at 15!
