They probably have free rain of the techie department. I know in my school anyone who does techie can just go down there and do whatever outside of class time. Then again my school only has 1000 people and the techie department is understaffed.
It's a program but I guess windows prefers to call them apps now. I run on windows 7, no app store.
Yeah. That was the worst thing when I has bad download speeds (800KBps) I never knew if I had to update it after coming back after a long time. At least with steam it's obvious and takes care of it itself.
It's a problem of my parents insisting that I use Norton. I can't just uninstall it because they won't stop paying for the damn thing no matter how much I tell them too. Good to know a solution exists though. I just needed an excuse to get it removed.
Your healthcare is not worth the price tag. Looking at it overall and not just in one area it's inferior. I've always been very satisfied with my dealings with the NHS.  Your point on the universities is another thing. University in scotland if completely free for citezens. We don't restrict good education to the wealthy and we take the same approach to healthcare. Our universities are very good actually and historically Scotland has basically been the founder of modern higher education. In the 1800s our education was known as the best in the world and the effect scots had on other countries such as Canada, India and , yes, even your glorious US of A, is still felt today.  Stop being such a typical 'MURICAN and start looking at facts. Living in Scotland is comfortable and affordable.
Yeah there's a point in summer where it almost never gets dark. Not as exreme as alaska but pretty extreme.
Not for me. Steam downloads faster than anything else for me. 2.3MBps. Before I got fibre optic internet I got 800KBps from steam and 100-200KBps from most websites.
I really can't save. This is the absolute stretch of the money I have down to the pound. I've seen new 7850ks sold on ebay regularly for £50 from a trusted seller so I might try to get it there instead. Like I said, this will be upgraded.
Hey thanks man, I knew RAM was important for an APU but didn't know a lot about it or what to change. As!e with the PSU, I really just chose the first one that looked OK. Most importantly, this is even further under budget leaving room since I need to buy a wireless adapter I think.
I just hope I don't have problems with it. I can't play dx11 games because of some weird visual bug on my otherwise apparently compatible hardware. Upgrading my rig soon but don't want dx11 to dx12 to be the same problem I had with dx9 to dx11.
I will agree that it's really nice to be able to just borrow games from friends. I did that a lot back in the ps2 days.
The disliking a company for no reason I see a lot of on /r/pcmasterrace with AMD and Nvidia. I was guilty of it at one point, I had never heard of AMD and because they seemed like the strange obscure choice I was strongly in favor of an intel/nvidia build. But after looking carefully at the choices I'm now building an AMD rig.
Not sure if this is better or worse than my friend who only just realised that he forgot to put thermal paste on his build he's been running for a couple of years.
I know there's plenty of reasons. I was just saying that apart from the very traditional method of buying physical copies steam holds the appearance of a monopoly to someone who doesn't care to do the research. Obviously I'm behind the times here but when I started PC gaming a few years ago it was ages before I knew GOG existed and that was only because it was mentioned in /r/pcmasterrace  I guess what I'm saying would've been true when I started but now the other options are more obvious.
Not too unrealistic. I was doing it at 11 or twelve and that was 7 years ago. Kids start earlier and earlier nowadays.
I think both 5 and beyond earth are good choices. There's been a lot of discussion about whether beyond earth is better than 5 but I certainly don't think it's worse. I've got a couple of friends who love it at least.
I don't know. I use windows 7 64-bit. I would try verifying the file cache and if that doesn't work a full reinstall.
Maybe it's different in England (I'm Scottish and for those who don't know Scottish and English education are totally unconnected) but here we don't have compulsive worship and RMPS/RME was always really unbiased and informative.
This iis pretty unfair. My laptop is worse than an Xbox 360 and it runs KSP great.
If I had any money that would be a problem for me. I'm getting a new PC and there's 4 or 5 games I already own and can't wait to play but couldn't until now.
Up late and tired. The perfect time to put together a delicate electronic machine.
I've been using this on TIFU stories for a while.
I used to eat healthily and still take 5 day gaps between pooping. When I started pooping regularly it was really annoying because it was in the way of my schedule.
my first reaction was to look to the bottom right corner to see the date (can never be sure it was todays) and because I format dates the correct way for a half second or so I thought you used it all by the 6th day of the month.
Same except I'm about to build not just built so I've still got the money and had the resist. A whole summer sale and all I bought was the upgrade from surgeon simulator to anniversary edition for £0.39
Now I wish I knew how to actually use the console.
I remember not minding the skyrim UI on PC before I got mods. I only really got skyUI because so much requires it to run. I think my only problem with skyUI was figuring out which symbol was which menu because it didn't label them with words, only icons.
Your having a picnic if dead island is the worst game you've ever played. I thoroughly enjoyed that game on xbox 360 a few years ago.(In the transitioning stage to only PC gaming)  My worst game is take on helicopters from bohemia interactive. The people behind the arma series. It was just awful in every way. The controls, the save points, the endless start sequence that was half cutscene IIRC. Just awful and to this day I keep up my assertion that bohemia interactive are terrible at making games.
Use a melee weapon with a nice long reach. I beat her by watching her footprints when she was invisible until she was coming straight at me and then jump attack towards her.
Um, it's june. And yes, schools get out in a week here.
intel do integrated graphics too. They need too since a computer with a CPU, no GPU (like most laptops) and no integrated graphics just wouldn't work. I can confirm from my laptop though that they are just in there as a basic necessity and that's it. For example I play payday: the heist... at min settings on a resolution of 800x600 and can't get a stable 30fps.
It's a good 3 or 4 years old now I think but can't remember exactly. It has an i5-2430M dual core and 6GB of RAM which is ok except it's at 665MHz. So yeah, I tried payday 2 and it struggled to reach double figure frame rates at the best of times.
Don't worry. For an AMD CPU that's very cold. My intel i5 in my laptop regularly idles at 90C+ (which is 194F) and the thing hasn't melted yet.
Because there's really no reason not to when you're talking to someone you have a well established relationship with. Not saying everyone would but there's no problem if thats the kind of relashionship they have.
Only 10 more months (give or take) until I can enter my actual birthday to check the store page for games I already own. Can't wait.
I had a couple of friends who played it and they got into it easily with no prior mmorpg experience. Besides its free so if you try it and don't like it the only thing you've lost is time.
Really I feel like I could easily do that.I know what the middle row is from typing and I know where everything is in relation to the middle row.
Getting really anxious for this sub to go back to normal.
That seems kinda fair tbh. I'm an air cadet in the UK right now and my plan if getting into uni doesn't work out is basically just to try to get into a relatively non-violent role in the RAF.
I'm 17 (legal drinking age here is 18 so it's not that bad) and coulldn't find any alcoholic drink I actually liked the taste of. Didn't like beer, didn't like cider, didn't like wine, red or white (although better wines were clearly less bad to me they still weren't good) didn't like champagne even enough to partake for a celebration. Didn't like vodka.   Finally found something I like with Morgans spiced rum. Good when you start, great after a couple of drinks.
I'm the complete opposite. I find small spaces immensely comforting.
I remember I had such a hard time when I first got here because of the masses of inside jokes never explained. I mourn for new users who may never get to hear the classic reddit stories. The boy with two broken arms, the swamps of dagobah, the jolly rancher story. The age long chronicles of /u/airz23, now only history.
antimalware and anitvirus are different though. Also I don't really like the direction they've gone in. Before the free version was good enough. Then they revoked premium keys people had used which they hadn't bough, fair enough but they said they would give people 12 months before revoking, mine was revoked instantly. Now I get a bad feeling about it, like it's not really doing it's job anymore and the company is more about the money. I've seen people say that if you have the free version it doesn't actually even scan, just pretends to.
I've got a £100 monitor. 2ms response time 60hz 1080p. Seriously did he just go into every section, sort by price highest first and pick the top result?
6 years in the UK. At least our academy is closest to your high school than any of your others and goes from age 12 to 18. Either way by the end it's obvious that while it's important and has a big impact on how you develop and who you are, it's not nearly as actually important as what will come after it.
This is why I love anonymous social media on reddit so much more than personal social media like facebook. I only leave comments, no images but even so there is nothing I would actually post if everyone I know knew it was me and saw it and that would be hanging around forever.
I mean in APUs. I had one, I did plenty of research. RAM speed is a bottleneck because they are using it as VRAM. Buying 2133mhz RAM instead of 1600mhz actually makes a pretty big difference.
I've got an A10-7850k APU. I'm not exactly sure what the CPU part of it is.
Trust me a "maybe" diagnosis of aspergers is nothing to worry about. It is a very wide spectrum. I technically have a diagnosis for it but it's very very mild. Literally nobody knows I have it or even suspects anything unless I actually tell them about it, you are exactly as normal as you act.
This is basically the definition of getting over social problems. I never feel confident but in most conversations I think I fake it pretty well.
