It's actually 250 stacks of it. I got it about a week ago and it takes about 10 minutes to get 250.
Horde DK reporting for duty. I remember when I had problems of getting Leeroy for at least a week, so let's do it!
Or there's this, yeah.. I used to play dota 2 before(had about 3k hours in..) and suddenly snapped and started to play HOTS. Then I got bored of it as well.. And that's my MOBAs experience. :C
I'd rather have Magni. God I miss him.. And I play horde :C
Damn it I was hoping it was a EU server.. Gonna try to log tonight and hoping I don't have a thousand ping..
I can't wait, either! I've wanted a main server for ages.. Been on Hampshire Heavies for a while now but it's usually empty until midnight :C
Just played it for like an hour, and it was fucking GREAT! The 200 ping though, wasn't.. Players were great, plugins even better, and I'm a european that's sad that we have not many good servers :C
Holy shit grats! That's honestly the first time I've ever seen it outside  of wowhead.
Oh yeah, I'll still be playing though. I mean how would I not when there's INFINITY CABERS!
Oh I do, as well. But I kept them because I thought that they^would^be^worth^something..
*crying and hoping*
I presume I am.
Yeah, true.. Hell I've been using the sodding war mill for so long myself that I recently replaced it as well. Followers are around 630, but I've many higher as well. The reason? Too lazy to fucking click so much.
I got them a week part.. Ashes on 7th February, Invincible on the 14th(holy shit I just realised.. February 14th.. Arthas was my valentine!)
Because for most people(myself not included) 10 dollars is not much.
Hah, I honestly didn't even think of that.. But at least we sorta see him a few times in WoW, as a ghost but still.
DEd him for Sylvanas.. I'm sorry, Chieftain ;-;
I've been playing since WOTLK, I'm just hopeful :C
We're like a grown up pet. Old and fuzzy, and they just got a newborn one giving it all the love..
HAHAHA that's good one.. You think I buy paint.. ^^Imafuckingcheapskate
Ticket to Kezan, and off I go! Amazing work man, you've done it again!
"Have I gotta heal for you"  "Got the best heals anywhere"   I love the buggers.
Well the guy who wrote it has the username YoUsernameStandsFor.. But I don't usually read names first, anyway.
I still remember the tale of X-9.. Lulu, sweet thing...
I just looked him up.. Apparently he died more than 10 years ago as well :C
Thank you for this, gonna try it out myself.
Boots are the easy part.. Gloves I'll check out for, and shoulders might be a bit of a problem yeah. Also thanks man gonna check em! Edit: GAH THE HAT'S CLOTH! Hopefully moggable to everything..
Oh I absolutely loved Land Before Time.. It was a great part of my childhood, this is tragic news..
Haven't tried it in 6.2, but yes I did some exploring in 6.1 in Tanaan and I had to actually use a strider/water walking to go there.
Holy shit this right here.. My god why didn't I do it..
I just came back yesterday since the release of 1.2.. Made a new character, new world.. Go into the forums and BAM! 1.3 spam. Life's good sometimes.
Just wanted to say thank you! I had no idea 1.3 was even planned until yesterday when I came back! Thanks for the guide! EDIT: Holy shit since I didn't play 1.2 at all(no idea why) this is really great! SO MANY NEW THINGS FROM 1.2!AND 1.3! AND TOMORROW'S MY GODDAMN BIRTHDAY! IT'S LIKE HAVING TWO BIRHDAYS!
Thanks man! &lt;3 I hope you have fun in 1.3!
And he's also autistic.^See^his^flair
Lor'Themar or Baina is where my money would be if it wasn't so fanboy driven.
This is fucking glorious. Reminds me of [this](http://i.imgur.com/xox2fIn.png) amazing mog.
Just got him yesterday! DEd quite a few other legendaries(millhouse, cairne.. gold sneeds(I NEEDED A BOOM, DON'T JUDGE ME!) but this one is being kept!
Do note the sneeds I got about 1 month after GvGs release and I still didn't have boom(had fairly bad cards back then, so I was desperate) and sneeds was too inconsistent. Always a vancleef or something like that out of him, never anything useful. Nozdormu I got yesterday, but I feel I'll make a fun deck with him.
I have him tagged but never read the tag.. This was the first time I did, and also feel accomplished.
Basically the "crates"(forgot the name) are the currency when you solve WoD/MoP archaeology artifacts. My alts basically got A LOT of missions in their garrisons with like 40 arch fragments on orcs, 60 on ogre and etc, so I slowly made a few crates(10 on 1 char, 6 on another, etc) and I can now ship them in once I level their archaeology to 450 for the tol vir fragments!
It's up on Europe. Binge watched the season just yesterday.
I'm also sometimes a kotl riding a head or a meepo but oh well.
Yeah I was so worried and thought "it can't be that easy to play it" .. Currently destroying almost everything I face.. I feel dirty, but I need the ranks..
Rhecio reporting for tank support!
It worked! Thank you so much I was starting to get scared I wouldn't be able to play normally!
As a slavic person I'm ashamed to not have understood "fire" ..
Thank you so much man, you help all of us dumbies in need!
Number 7 here, I do like some Badwater.
Please don't blame it on the OP   EDIT: Worth it, although I fucked up the exact words..[link for those who didn't get the reference](https://youtu.be/3DKDaSd-4nY?t=5m)
I put on my robe and a wizard hat..
