If no one else wants to be the Met ranker, I'll take it.
I'm not putting pants on until it's broken up.
\#Gay4Murph
StL
&gt; I'm gay (hopefully OK on this subreddit)  Sorry, but this cracked me up. Survivors online community is like, 50% gay. No one is going to have a problem with it here.
He's (she's?) my favorite poster on here and it's not even close.
That's was actually me yelling it from New Jersey.
Well...    At least we're getting Travis back.   Edit: Oh by the way, we are STILL in first place. It certainly doesn't feel like it.
"Hi I'm Bartolo. I'm a very successful professional athlete"  "Okay, we're totally invading this planet"
I'm clenching big time over here.
I love your username &lt;3.
I'd be willing to accept your support for me doing the Mets rankings.
Paul Goldschmidt is my hero.
I can't wait for Mejia, Blevins, Black, and Carlyle to return.
This is my first game since Tuesday (fuck work) and having no Gary is so weird.
I got everyone but A-Rod.
I want to pick a second chances flair, just not enough to give up the one I have now.
Yeah, my name is Chicken too.
I went with just one timers and no winners.   Men | Women ---|----- Marty Piombo | Holly Hoffman Ralph Kiser  | Natalie Tenerelli Jim Rice | Christine Shields Markoski Jonas Otsuji | Chelsea Meissner Pete Yurkowski | RC Saint-Amour Reynold Toepfer | Allie Pohevitz Hayden Moss | Marissa Peterson LJ McKanas | Trish Hegarty Jon Misch | Baylor Wilson Rodney Lavoie | Jenn Brown
I got a Nolan Ryan cookbook at a game a year or two ago.
I'm nervous as fuck about the LA and SF road trip coming up. Honestly, if we can get two wins out of that, I'll take it.
Except then you have people ask you when you think they will die on the spot like your some sort of fortune teller and you have to explain to them that that is not how it works. As someone who gets the question of what is an actuary/actuarial science a lot, I usually just tell them it's someone who works with numbers for an insurance company.
Oh yeah that's my bad Katie definitely votes for Tina. I'll edit that now.
Well, the very first sentence of my post was "This is what I would do" not "This is my prediction". I know this probably won't happen, but I personally think it's the best move. I know Granderson has played right field for past couple years and I know Conforto has played just about only left as a professional. But it's not like I'm asking a catcher to switch to shortstop. Moving from right field to left field shouldn't be a huge transition, and if both of their skill sets would be better suited at other positions, then I think a switch should be made.
Yeah, he's confirmed it. He was really sick going into that challenge. It's a shame because if he isn't sick then he probably wins that challenge and goes to the final 2.
This game reminds me of that one time when my cat got mouth cancer.
I sometimes think about the reality where you guys traded for Brandon Phillips instead of signing Murphy and I wonder what it would take for me to live there.
Because talking to fans and watching the game is the best part of being a vendor.
Just when I get done with Odor's suspension, my team now has to take 4 games of no Machado. I know it could be worse, but I would love it if my best players stopped punching people in the face.
Same county too.
NY (AL)
When it's 98 degrees out.
I'm not sure how,  but that was Kevin Plawecki's fault.
Jeez even our Manger can't stay healthy.  But in all seriousness, I really hope he's okay. The recent health scares with him and Sandy are very scary.
I did. I feel bad.
Holy shit that is awesome. I'm currently watching it for the first time and I'm just about half way through season 8, and it's already one of my favorite shows ever.
I'm not even sure there would be much of a publicity hit, at least in New York. Mets fans still love Jose and if the team spun it as "we are giving an old fan favorite, and one of the greatest Mets of all-time, a second chance in baseball after royally fucking up" then I think no one in New York would have a problem with it.
I told myself that I would watch the Mets game right after the Cubs and Nats game ended (this was around 6:30). I don't think I'm catching the Mets game tonight.
Yeah well I wish my team had 27 championships.
All of the other Cubs are going and we don't want him to feel bad.
I'm happy to see that Ike Davis is still alive. How has he been for the Yanks?
Oh, I'm not saying I agree with the move Nicole made, I'm just trying to play devil's advocate and explain why she would make the move that she did. If I'm in that spot there is no way I nom Paulie.
On the bright side, I got the trivia question right.
My kingdom for a hit with two out and a runner in scoring position.
I'll take it you haven't seen a lot of Mets games this year.
I was also making a joke. We're all just a bunch of jokesters.
These are the days when I miss Drew Storen.
Another day, another injury. This fucking year man.
Oh, my bad, I only saw the tweet that was linked and not the one after. Sorry.  But you really don't have to be so condescending about it.
I distinctly remember GKR getting on Mets fans for not giving deGrom a standing ovation after a start last year. It sounded very similar to what they said last night.
