Kings Canyon, Northern Territory. On the way out we kept on laughing at the couples coming back in. No talking, no smiling, just stern determination on their faces.  6 hours later, we were that couple.
It was about 4 years ago and the middle of your summer. I was a lot better looking back then, so maybe? :)
Even in my belly! Seriously, the best liquorice in the world. Got hooked when my brother worked for neg micon, would always bring back the good stuff.
11 years this year and your advice still holds in our house.  Why split the chores? It's my house too, my kids too and just as I like having free time to myself at night, my missus does too!  my input on the question:  do be true to yourself, don't forget there's another half to your entity now.
Thanks, man. You've stilled the troubled waters of my soul. :)
Or as expensive! Blew my mind when we bought 4 slices of cake and 4 muffins for my daughter's 5th birthday and it cost AUD$80.  Regardless, 10/10 would visit again.
Read your comment, had a chuckle and thought "my wife says the same thing about me". Then looked at your username and went "Holy Fucking Shit! Is she on reddit?". Then I had to trawl you history to make sure you weren't her (sorry!).  Good news everybody, /u/LivinginAdelaide is not my wife.
Yes! It was the single go to sport for me in every Winter Olympics compendium on any game platform ever. My obsession caught on and  it became the go to tournament between me and my friends when playing.
Maybe not this weekend, but will be there in December. Enough of the 20 hour flights already.
I just drove through Niantic... didn't see any unicorns on coats of arms.
Lol, I was playing with the town of Niantic, Connecticut. I'm an aussie who's holidaying in the states, just drove down from Boston to NY via Niantic. Niantic is also the name of the company/google that makes Ingress. Thinking of the nyan cat. I dunno. Grasping at straws? :)
I was drunk.
To give another anecdote about why Telstra was so bad for Australia:  For a long time, Telstra operated the only cable that linked Tasmania (that big island south of the mainland :) ) to Victoria. I worked at Internode during this time and can tell you it was cheaper for us to pump data over to the states than across to tassie.  The Tasmanian government weren't having it and built their own link... that then sat dark for years while political and corporate forces held them down.
Married 12, two kids - 6 &amp; 9. I was 30 when we had the first one, wife was 33. She wanted kids, she thought there was more to life. I grew up in a big family and always thought I'd have kids, but never felt like we were ready. Realised that I'd never feel ready and that I wanted them, so it was as good a time as any.  First year was amazing. Cut back to 4 days a week work, one solid day looking after the baby each work week, and it was fantastic. Second year, major depression (work burnt me out and the kid just didn't sleep). Third year, the next one comes. At this point I realised that all the time I was thinking it was hard having a single kid, you've got no idea how hard it is until you have 2. (Have heard that 3 is even harder then with 4+ you've got the game mechanic sorted out, the engine ticking over nicely, and it all gets easier.) Anyway, decided that 3 is just going to be too expensive (we like being able to afford holidays).  I've got to tell you, having kids is a blast. It's hard work. They take time, energy and money. Each Saturday and Sunday morning is spent taking the kids around to various commitments they have. Then, twice a week in the evenings, one of us is out of the house until 8-9pm taking the daughter to her dancing. Spare time ~~and spare money~~ is effectively nil. (Re-reading this, I realise that they don't drain all our money. Yes, I'm not buying a new computer every year, but we are taking a couple of week long road trips every year around Australia and fly back to the states at least every second year.)  But I fucking love it. Watching them come up with their own observations on the world is fantastic and seeing them develop their own mental model of how the world works is an absolute delight to behold.  It's hard listening to my daughter jabber on. She makes up the most fantastical stories. Talks for fucking hours and, much to my disgust, takes her books into the toilet. My son has a much more technical mind. The wife is often out for work (higher paying executive role) in the evenings or interstate for business, the kids just pull their shit together and we operate the household like a well-oiled machine.  There's bedlam and there's laughs. There are tears and there are smiles.  It is that bad and it is that good. With kids, the gamut of life expands. You lose time, but you gain joy. You lose the luxury of being self centered, but you gain a steadfast knowledge that you'd give your life for theirs. They teach you a new dimension of love and bring another dimension of happiness. You know that you're going to make decisions that now involve a lot of compromise, but others are going to be thinking of you.  I guess what I'm trying to say is this: they change your life, they don't end it. How you adapt to that change is the telling of how you're going to be as a parent.  Good luck! :)
The few arguments I've told my close friend about are the ones where I've been the jerk and was cognisant that my position was irrational. Luckily, it was, few, so I don't come off as being an arsehole. :)
Just finished a 12 hour TI3 game this weekend. In retrospect, I can clearly see where I threw the game, but still finished with a great sense of satisfaction.  Landlords of Waterdeep (with the expansion) is a great game for those looking to step up from the "lighter" games and introduces other mechanics nicely.
I am part of a weekly boardgaming group and we go away for a boardgaming weekend 2-3 times a year. We've made the agreement that TI3 no longer gets played at those weekends, rather we pencil in a Saturday outside of our regular times months in advance. The lead time serves to both appease our partners and provide ample time for people to trash talk and think out strategies.
I was going to call you out on that as I had bought VB in Washington DC. It seems the Brickskeller has closed, though :(
[The Grind](http://www.thegrind.com.au/) have their base of operations in a warehouse in Hendon and are always roasting whenever I pop in to pick up a bag. I think they roast all their beans. They've an outlet in the Central Markets.  Often speak with the owners when I go in, all the staff are knowledgeable and can ask the right questions to get you a bean that's after your palate. Have been going there for 5 years and will not go anywhere else.
We got one from a breeder here 5 years ago. Local queen, American sire. Breeder was super helpful, somewhere down noarlunga way.  After paying more than double her original cost in psychiatric vet care and medication we, sadly, had to put her down. It was just one of those bad luck of the genetic draw. :(  Spoke to another breeder recently and they told me I should have gotten in touch with the original breeder as there was a full guarantee on the dog. Little did I know.  A bit rambling, sorry, but hope it helps if you find yourself in the same situation.
I once got a single bottle in a carton of Pale that was just water. The other 23 were just fine, though.
That's funny, my brother came and helped jump start my car two weeks ago. Yesterday we were working together on my Auntie's house and he tells me "Remember when you laughed and asked if I kept jump cables as a matter of course in the tray and then said you were surprised I didn't have a compressor? Well I put a compressor in there and a snatch strap for good measure. I figure when we're camping if anyone is stuck I can pull them out."
St Clair is pretty, but a fair whack of bikies and drug dealers have purchased there, according to my mate Ms. Policeman.
In college or out of college? In college? Started with, gulp... VB, then on to Java for OOD concepts. Out of college? Perl.
Well, if you need someone respectful to remove them from your farm, drop me a line.
Can confirm - dropped the ring three times while trying to propose.
It's been ages since I've picked, always up through Kuitpo. Any recommendations?
Absolutely. A giant playground that was adult sized, made of all metal with plenty of moving parts to rip off fingers and break bones!  It was the best adventure park SA had to offer. Do half a day there, then another half a day soothing all the burns in the Murray.  The new one is exceptionally lame in comparison.
I'm sorry to hear about your loss, Pecker. Now, I've seen enough 80s action movies to put you back on your path.  You've just passed through the first part of Act I: Loss. Take this post as the second part of Act I: A Call to Arms. It's time for you to man up. You gotta fight boy and this is how it happens.  Act II:   - learn and practice more devil beats like the paradiddle and introduce syncopated rhythm.   - attend her church and join the band.   - subtly introduce the devil's beats - you will be challenged by the alpha-male in the group, it should be her boyfriend. If it's not her boyfriend, demand a trial by combat. - you will cop a beating, but with the Lord's help you'll win  Act III: Now that you've won her back you've got two options.   A) Settle down or   B) Take her camping in your new pickup truck which leaves the whole saga open for a sequel.  Godspeed.
Wife did the same late last year, chemist down Semaphore rented them on a weekly basis. Just ring around a couple of chemists, you'll find one pretty quickly.
I upgraded to Marshmallow last month, no more landscape for me. :(
Yes, you can. I was lamenting to myself out loud. Running a Marshmallow ROM based off a CM variant on a Galaxy S3 that frequently suffers from a) rotation not functioning (auto and manual) b) drops all data when receiving an MMS because it can't switch APNs properly.
Friend here pulled 109 laps of a roundabout. He thought it particularly amusing when, circa 60s, a bus pulled up. Circa 80s, the bus driver just forced his way through.
We have their wireless at work, does experience occasional drop outs for a couple of minutes and bandwidth seems quite variable.
[Camel Up](https://boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/153938/camel) is a fun romp. It does have betting themes which may be off putting, but my kids enjoy it (6&amp;9).
They didn't state the purchase price of the car though.   edit: Just realised that you're flabbergasted at the rate. Was thinking: that's not bad - I just got 6% on my car loan, then realised you're discussing USA lending rates, not Aussie rates.
I've put my writing team to work on your sentence:  &gt; People like repetition, kill your babies.
When you're adulting tomorrow, would you mind picking up a TV stand?
Seriously. Imagine you're living in a share house and you've just picked up the craziest fucking room-mate imaginable. You're constantly yelling at them to pick up their clothes. They don't cook or clean. They don't pay rent either. You're constantly buying them food and, because the fuckers never got a license, you're driving them every.fucking.where.  Saturdays are a write-off. Your room-mate has soccer and irish dancing, you've agreed to take them there. Sundays are a write-off. Your room-mate's got a birthday party to go to and you've said you'll take them because they're too scared to ride the train. They do crazy shit all the time, like randomly tripping over their own feet or using so much shampoo, every sink and drain in the house has bubbles coming out of it.  That's why you talk about them all the time.
Hey Dude, don't call me dude.
Have you considered that it's possibly the only time they've got to listen to their own music without being interrupted? I built some nice speakers before having kids. Still have a set. You know what they're doing? Playing fucking "Hello Charlie" or "Girl meets world" or "Operation Ouch". You know what they're not playing? Gojira, Napalm Death or The Pixies. That's my car's job, apparently.
Ah, get it now. They're all packs of stuff you could buy in game. Thanks for the clarification, I'm a doofus for not working that one out myself. :)
Yes. You. Do.   For some people, their kids are their lives, that's all they think about, that's all they talk about. Does that style of conversation make me sick? Absolutely can't stomach it, but the other extreme you're proposing isn't any better.   Friends recognise what's important to each other and that's the conversation that should be had.
Lol, it was looking rather bare when I was last there!
Well, the Victorians call the South Australians "Mexicans", so it's siesta time in Adelaide. Then again, when I lived in Sydney, we called the Victorians "Mexicans", so it's probably siesta time there as well.
An ex brother in law used to work at AMD back in the 80s working on the masks of some RISC processors.  From memory, he never got any formal qualification higher than a diploma from a community college, he just kind of worked his way up. Do you think it's still possible for someone to do that now in the industry or were the 70s and 80s the bad old days in the industry?
12 hours and 12 minutes until the draw! You bloody ripper.  Rock on. It's a good hour past 12:30 on 30 June here (ACST), but if a US company is going to include Aussies in their competitions, I'm not going to argue with them.
Not necessarily. The unopened can of beer floating in the ocean, found while we walked around an island in Fiji, was a god-send. Complemented the coconuts nicely.
The missus got me a 3G 1060 as a present, shopping off a suggestion of "at least this level as a minimum". I considered upgrading to the 1070 or 1080, but knew I wouldn't be running 4k for another couple of years, so sat with the 1060.
You fuck. You fucking arsehole. His wife is a fucking legend and he appears committed to her.  source: met them more than a few times.
