I thought that was the point to leaving it in? Personally used it for hide n seek events and treasure box hiding events.
People value afk over exp rates most the time. Of course doing it the abyss way forgoes any potential loot and other such benefits of regular training. I personally prefer Slayer or bossing.
More slots for this and the presets in wardrobe would be great. I've taken to saving my color codes on a Microsoft Excel document.
&gt;.&gt; I've done over 10 on mine with only a single whip &gt;.&gt;
I made a post about this about a week ago because people in my clan kept doing it; the replies were not very positive nor helpful.
I don't have the garden you're looking for but I'll check yours for you and relay the details.
Buckle up because here's a story; some pre-face, this takes place in 2007-2008 and I was, at the time, no older than 13. Ever since I started the game in 2006 I've had Questing, and subsequently lore, as my primary reason to play the game; this being the case, my stats and thus money making methods until I achieved my goal of all quests completed were very lacking. Come the latter half of 2007 it was announced that Summoning was coming to the game, a skill I was very excited for based on core concepts and of course a skill cape with a wolf icon was a good goal for me at the time. As I mentioned, my money making methods were severely under-par as I did not boss or skill efficiently and my primary source was clue rewards; that is, until I discovered a new money making method in the wake of trade limits and the Karamja task sets. My new method of making money involved my close knit group of 5 friends and myself hacking away at the brush on Karamja looking for Gout Tubers, an item needed for the task sets yet uncommonly brought into the game. Each Gout Tuber was worth, at the time, between 500k-1m coins and with proper timing one plant could be harvested by every person present! We made a good chunk of change in the month we did this method, and subsequently I gathered literally thousands of mosquito proboscis as a byproduct of our hacking away. By the end of December 2007 I had amassed well over 35k of these useless noses with the assumption they were just a pointless byproduct of our gathering; I eventually dropped them sometime before Summoning came out in January 2008. Going by the prices of just today 35k proboscis is 227m, back then they worth well over 525m not to mention the GP value was higher back then.  TL;DR: Amassed 35k "useless" proboscis, dropped them on a whim  assuming they'd always be useless, lost out on 525m gp in 2008.
I sure as sugar wouldn't have taken until 2011 to max most skills lol. Ah well, it's funny looking back but had 13-14 year old me fully appreciated that loss I'd have been mad.
My goals have been, as they were met: *Quest Cape *All skills level 80 (for SC) *All skills 90 *All Tasks *Max cape *Comp cape *MQC  I'd wrap all of these together as the MQC goal was not so much a grind but a summation of my existence in RuneScape; which I suppose boils down to one huge grind with quests in between for me. It has been, regardless of it's actual existence, the over arching goal I worked towards ever since I started playing nearly 11 years ago. The fact they finally made a visual representation of my efforts elated me to my core.
That's typically the only way edates manage to work, but good to know your personal happiness can be affected by aesthetics!
Been making this joke all week in TS lol
A buddy and I spent 10 (really 11 if you consider the 10 minute breaks every few hours) streaming non-stop Graador for no particular reason once. Was neat but we only got helmets and gloves the entire time.
Have it on my desk by Wednesday!
A good first cape; despite being comped myself I know from experience with friends who aren't as time devoted to this game how important achievements are regardless of how the current elitist mindset is. Don't let hecklers get to you.
Probably in a much darker place. The people I've met on here helped keep me sane through my early adolescence and I'm thankful for that.
I want this on my desk by April 1st
I have a snazzy Zoro from One Piece. When I get home I'll look for the picture
https://puu.sh/z3sfG/05d71c45ab.png  I remembered this, a bit late but ye. https://puu.sh/z3sh0/e1e76afffd.png
Gimme a moment to pop on my iron, he has one; Filtiarn. I think his house is in Priff, do I need to move it?
I've had one that was literally two slides from done upon being handed it; not sure if they ever fixed that algorithm but it was neat.
Pm Wolfgod, I'll meet you in a moment
I got mine on my 12th kill, 97% enrage.
Means upvoted to boost visibility of the message. Also neat, yesterday was my Reddit birthday I guess.
Hey that's not true; I was pked a few times by some absolute pros when going for cHaOs title, took a lot of real skill to manage to kill a guy with 50 lp in full DH and Legacy mode! (The real skill was managing to catch me not paying attention or at 31+ for the dragon, gotta be faster than my teleports mwuahahaha)
But I use that to power my invention guild machines.
I forgot this was the scene this drawing I did was based on https://puu.sh/Az5KD/a345c893e9.jpg
I was one crashed at slayer tower gargoyles by someone who didn't even have the smash perk unlocked while I was on my HCIM once just because they could; so I think it's just being a jerk to ironmen that's cool.
Been there many times lol. The kill for the 5th guy when I was going for the no-moving achievement dropped a signet as I died from a mistimed devo to barricade switch up at the end... which also didn't check him off the list so I had to do that fight again XD
I accidentally did this to a clanmate when I got 200m HP 2 seconds after they had hit 99.
*sigh* I want Noodle's VA to VA Rainbow Quartz v2.
I'd say the 900 hard mode kree on top of I believe it started at 1.5k normal mode onward was my dry streak mathematically; though my 2k Greg streak rivals it in terms of overall time and threshold factoring I suppose. The two and a few others that took a while balance out my 55 kc base pet at rax, my 12 kc 97% enrage Tess pet, and my 7 kc normal mode K'ril I suppose.
I personally use it to yak and hold excess restores since I stick at the hive for 2 hours at a time usually, and all her drops that are worthwhile are noted or spring cleaned/alched. It's an odd situation.
I remember having the same goal back in 2006 when we had the original 3; always a fond memory to fill them.
I know a guy with severe arachnophobia that would love this lol
I have been using him as a follower actually! It's just hard to get a good angle with him on the floor and all.
On the genocide thing; it's a moral issue to not stoop to the level of one's enemy to achieve victory. It's the same reason Batman doesn't just lethal inject all the super criminals he puts in jail consistantly. As with all morals the interpretation and exercise of these things is entirely personal so I can see why you'd have no qualms with them fighting on the same level, but others see that same concept as abhorrent.  In a real world equivalency this is why it is was agreed upon in the... Genniva Convention I believe, to not use grossly inhumane war tactics. War happens, it's inherent to the chaos of the universe, but how the game of war is played is a different story.   That's my two cents. Personally I like all four characters their flaws and all. Bismuth is designed as an extremist example of antihero in contrast to the main set; she garners less sympathy from those who dislike the extremist part, her reasoning understood but not tolerated. Lapis is designed as an character unwilling to participate in further business with either side and struggles to cope with the decision to stay neutral or not; her reasoning is empathizeable anc while the Jasper situation with her was morally wrong they call her out on it and there's at least theres acknowledgement she knew what she did was wrong and genuinely felt remorse for stooping. Jasper was designed to be a counter thesis to Amythyst, as she's a member of the caste system that ingrained inherent borne superiority and demonized nonconformity whereas Amythyst grew without that system or belief; this makes example how circumstance and conditioning shape mindsets, this is why Jasper gets sympathy as she had the belief drilled into her from day 1. Peridot is in a similar vein as Jasper but was willing to be open-minded about the other point of view and changed progressively as she was given logical reason to, it wasn't a sudden heel face turn.   Anyway, that's a lot of typing from a cellphone for a show aimed at kids so I'm going to hold future replies until I can access my computer.
I was going to be angry until I saw your name.
And here I was, pked by groups of 6 people every 50 kills lol. Nice one
I actively avoided Fletching being my 20th 99 simply to not taint the milemarker; Div had just came out so I made it 20th and fletching shortly after became 21st, pointless but ye.
I can't believe sapphire cheated on ruby with Steven!
https://puu.sh/AwkU2/d38fc385ed.PNG This was my list after I finished, how's it compare to yours?
Last time I dreamt of RS my brain kept scrambling memories of what I was doing on my HCIM and my Main. Lead to scenarios where my HCIM died to activites he would have had no business being at lol.
You just gave me flashbacks to War of Legends, the Jagex hosted game where people had clans that required you to cap out your weekly buy limit on real world bought currency just so they could reliably stranglehold every good spot in the game. And it was a sit and wait kind of RTS ...
Shiny Eevee would give me so much anxiety as to which to make it; Espeon or Umbreon for the sure thing or roll the dice for that Vape? Or save it for the gen 4's?
I need to go back in time with this for all those "GUYS WE NEED MOUNTS!!!@!@!@" threads.
Always on chat mode. Toggle it from the global chat menu.
That's killer, would be the best for afking during a college lecture.
I knew this map better than my own town by my second week lol
https://puu.sh/ADfix/847f243c22.png Yar me too, though I had it from the original event
Yes. It's better to save them as unfocused until needed. I personally have a stockpile of both focused and unfocused Castle Wars ones I've cultivated over the years.
