Wetwork? I'm fine  with that. I'll be the bullet sponge like always  * [Cleaver](https://docs.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mS2lYS080eGVHaU0/edit)  Note: Waiting for the next version of chum5 to release that will finally allow restricted gear to work so I can mark Cleaver as completed. I'm down 3 dmso and 1 rocuronium and 1 narcojet. Also sitting on 28000 nuyen from the 2 runs i've done also 7 karma.
Soon all my xcom troops will wield Dikoted Vibroblades. We street sams now
FUCKING IMLERITH THAT MOTHERFUCKER.  One of the heardest fights i've ever had in a game. I went full heavy attacks and his phase where he starts teleporting aroudn quickly was so hard. Eventually I managed to dodge all his attacks  in his first phase and eventually beat him. It was so utterly fucking Satisfying seeing his fucking head explode and be burnt off
It actually took me about 30 seconds in my last battle with him. Its all about timing
Going into a hotsim modded game will be great. Feeling the water, the fresh air and the grass between your toes.  Just plug into your hotsim with your datajack and make sure to not get addicted
Thats why you get the datajack installed in the back of your head. Now then just remember hotsims  are illegal... but wouldn't you want to feel the wind on your face? The grass between your toes? I know a guy.
I unleashed 3 quantum singularities that consumed the space station. There were 70 people aboard Orbital Space Station 13...  Only 15 made it out alive.   That or perhaps my very worst moment was transforming people into slimes forcibly... The reason this is so horrific is because you can't be changed back from a Slime... They have no mouth and they must scream... Telepathically they can anyway. They are just a ball of slime that eats dna   Or murdering the clown. But fuck the clown.   Welcome to Space Station 13
Ah been so long since i played
I kind of want the edge so when i can summon greater form spirits i can preedge for 6 hits for endowment power to boost my party and myself... christian theurge sounds fun to play rp wise
Jesus christ. My school was made by a prison company but it wasn't a real fucking prison
Running a gtx 770
I wasnt the guy who posted the line genius
Tucker pls no Not Nina
What I meant to say was.  I wanted to use Spirits of Man but Christian uses Guidance. I felt the muse though with Christian and creating a character.  So is there a problem with that
[PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mSUlyYWpkb1hNRUE/view?usp=sharing)  [Chum5](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mYk1seTQ3TGJraUU/view?usp=sharing)  Sorry I couldn't update it in time I had been at work when I said I would update didn't realize you guys would be on it so fast. I modified some skills moved some points around. I added vindictive trait and my allergy is Uncommon (Anesthetics) (Boy oh boy surgery will be neato).
Hmmm... I didn't realize that part I thought it would be mainly surgery so... can I make my Uncommon allergy Neurostun?
AGH  So I have it opened in my tab saying 0 karma remaining and 0 skills after I fixed everything.   Then after I save the file it changes shit.  What chummer seems to be fucking doing is adding a skill point to   A: Assensing B: Banishing C: Sneaking
I'm in tears
https://github.com/chummer5a/chummer5a/issues/241  I created an issue for it and interestingly enough I noted that the 3 skills that it changes automatically are excluded from skill ratings &gt; 0
[PDF](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mSUlyYWpkb1hNRUE/view?usp=sharing)  [Chum5](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B1ZXjBHo3z5mYk1seTQ3TGJraUU/view?usp=sharing)   So uh yeah i made another change to my sheet since I'm just waiting for approval due to the bug
MY store doesn't even have electric cart pullers. Fuck me man
Im 21 and never plan on doing so. Im already addicted to caffeine
I accept the task Bobby. Send me the info on the meet  [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing)
OH MY GOD YES  I wanted to do some niche characters but couldn't find anyone using sum to ten
Ah the Tir's I'd love to go on a short trip back to the Homeland. The pay isn't bad either. Sign me up Bobby  [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing)  (Semi-Face/Mage)
Im  spooked beyond measure
Shaddai lifts the Dagger and says the Holy Cant stabbing the dagger into the Sacrificial Lamb. He continues this ritual praying as the Blood flows in the grooves of the altar. As the ritual ends he feels his sins have been washed away. Shaddai cleans up the bloon on him and walks upstair to  the main floor of the Church. When he gets a call from Bobby tables  Bobby Tables said "Chummer, I've got a job. And it's a doozy. It'll be against a corp, but the Johnson isn't letting slip who's the target. Most he's saying is it's not against any of the Big 10, but for all I know, it could be a subsidiary. Apparently, he needs some sneaky types to help make sure that some gear is untrustworthy. In other words, good ol' corporate sabotage. He's willing to drop some serious nuyen on this too, so don't get spooked by the fact that it's against a corporation."  El Shaddai responded "I'm fine with risk Bobby. This is the road that God has put me on it is fraught with danger but I shall endure. I also need those funds to help the Church out. I'm in."    [El Shaddai](https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B1ZXjBHo3z5mfkJEbTdkd1VyTmJQNkxKT2J1dXBzdWFpOFNLM1lpYmo5bVZ4Qlc3b0VzVjA&amp;usp=sharing)  (Semi-Face/Mage)
I love my 300i...  now if only Star Citizen would stop  crashing for me to actually fly around a bit
I fucking cried when he's chasing after his son and he starts dying.  My heart just can't take it
Ah... your one of those MMO players who hasn't gotten disenfranchised by the endless cycle of loot.  I was one of those once. I was in a guild that beat Heroic Lich King in WoW before Cataclysm came out but I quit soon after tired of the endless cycle.   You get loot so you can fight tougher enemies to get better loot. The cycle never ends. The grind never ends. The only thing that made it so enjoyable was the social interaction.
Thing is i saw the first word was accordion then read the whole sentence and then looked for another instrument replacing a word
I posted that one he became a slime using his metamorphosis powers
I can't afford to give you gold  have some [Reddit Bronze](http://img.pandawhale.com/90728-Reddit-Bronze-meme-medal-r3ddi-fdz7.png)
I just made it up... I actually havn't heard any Jared jokes before
I never got stutters until source 2
I cut myself on your edge
I can't beleive you don't have Bayonetta Moon river on there.  Ultimate Climax gets me hyped  I love Jonathon Coulton great music. I wonder if RE: Your brains is why he was chosen to write the portal themes?
It's not in mmo yet.  I can't actually play it well on my rig atm.  I don't intend to play it until release yet
But... my armor is so COMFY and has 0 armor check penalty
Yeah... the heads are a trick unless you have a flaming sword that you use to cut off the heads.  (This is after Damage Resistance) So we just went straight body... well everyone managed to roll well our soul knife did like 18 damage. Stalker did something like 18. I did 23. Sorceror did 10 with a magic missile. Then our Shaper's Astral Construct managed to do something like 10 damage. We also had two followers that only did a miniscule amount of damage.  I got really lucky I crit. I had actually joked right before and said I fire my Laser Cannon. 8d6 is a bitch.  Magical Beast bane, Corrosive, and Fire bolts are a real bitch to deal with.
In a PC game I play Cuban Pete is known for explosions...  That shattered a server for a game called Space Station 13 he made an explosive so powerful he blew up the server it overheated  +40 in alchemy
I see why nurses grow to loathe people.   Same with any service job. People are assholes and if they don't get everything they want they go fucking  apeshit
Dumb fuckers think you should know everything about the store in and out. Bitch please i work on the fucking parking lot. I don't even shop here
My character was an Elf Rockstar who's rise to fame was because he was an adept which is essentially a magic user that has their magic inward and enhances their bodily functions and can do stuff like make you more charismatic etc
I have adblock hahahaha
Shitposting in the offseason is so fucking bad im not coming back until season 3 episode 1
*stares at hands* I'm  so fucked up...   Just do it kappa enter the rabbit hole
At least he no longer feels pain. Did you give him undead hit dice instead? I assume he now has all undead immunities too.  I'm gonna guess your playing 5e
Oh please we had 20 beggars last week try and pull that stunt
I have a +40 to hit with my level 19 character
