Yeah I honestly think it's silly to claim that traveling doesn't give you some insight and perspective that those who don't travel generally lack.    Every new experience gives you more perspective, and traveling to another country is one of the most new and different experiences you can have.
My dog goes through one of those balls a week, but they are his absolute favorite so i buy them quite often.  Try black kong toys.  My pit destroys everything else he gets.
[I own a brindle pit bull.](http://imgur.com/jtYc4I2)  He is a pit bull, people who see him call him a pit bull, the SPCA called him a pit bull and everyone knows what "pit bulls" look like.  I'd rather have my dog be an advocate for all dogs identified as pits than run away from the term that the vast majority of society uses and will continue to use.  I live in America and I also live in reality and that's what they're known as.
We manage our accounts completely separately, so I don't have an answer to that.  Haven't used Marin or DS in a couple years.
One topic that I think is getting insanely relevant right now is the line that brands are walking between being hyper-targeted to consumers' needs and being plane creepy.  I'm actually conducting some research on that now and find it awesome.  Honestly, go with what you are passionate about and it will make your thesis 1000x better and will help you in life.
Literally started laughing out loud at this at the office.  At one point, when I pointed out that Valderamma didn't spend near a majority of his career in MLS, I got the response that "That's not what was being asked though".  When I showed that it was, I got the response:  &gt;He still spend a good enough time in MLS to consider it, plus being an instrumental player for both the Mutiny and the Fusion.  It's like watching a presidential debate.  People just completely ignoring the question to push their personal bias and display their (lack of) historical MLS knowledge.  Like it's ok if you're a new fan or your info comes exclusively from Backyard Soccer, but don't get mad at me for trying to keep the conversation on track.
Again, I'm not saying SBK is the best charity to give to or that they are the authority on everything cancer-related.  I'm just saying that people grossly misrepresent them on this site as some evil corporation.  I give to breastcancer.org and participate in some SBK events, but I just get pissed off at the misinformation that gets perpetuated consistently on here.  Glad to see that there are some reasonable people on here.
Just actually switched from Fios to TWC in Manhattan and I gotta say that TWC is much better for the same price so far.  It has the 5G option and is just faster/doesn't go out as much.  Just a personal anecdote though.
I really hope so.  It's insane to me that he's STILL only 21.  After witnessing [This play](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DW0eCjm9KqU) in person, I knew this kid was going to be special.
If my family member was making their first start for another city's sports team, I'd honestly probably still come in Philly gear...
Why wouldn't they?  They go there in other sports, and even in MLS you have superstars going places like Montreal.  I get the name appeal of NYC and LA, and I live in Manhattan, but people like you need to get off your high horse.    Big name players are going to those teams because they have the owners willing to pay for them to try to break through in crowded sports markets, not simply because of the location.
As is my response to a lot of things on this thread, therapy.  At least worth a try. It can help you gain a little perspective.  Therapy won't necessarily fix what you currently perceive as your problems, but helps your frame them differently so you can stop viewing them as such.  Does that make sense?
Do you have RES (if not, definitely worth getting).  You can set the filters to ignore specific users.  This is actually the first time I've used it.
How did you manage to get your M.Ed. while completely ignoring the scientific method?  I understand that there are correlations between drug use and mental illness, but to make blanket statements of causation based on your anecdotal evidence is embarrassingly unprofessional for someone with a degree of your level.  Maybe addition and other mental health concerns stem from a confounding variable that doesn't involve the drug itself.  Maybe you should look into what is causing the drug use.  Perhaps that also contributed to blunted personalities.  Maybe the worsening of mental illness was inevitable and they are self-medicating with marijuana, as the age of onset for many mental illnesses correlated with typical ages of drug experimentation.  I'd like to know what actual academic or clinical research you've done and/or published on this matter.  I am not a crazy supporter of marijuana use either, I'm just a crazy supporter of correct information being distributed, especially in a field I spent a good deal of time in.
Philly is definitely a very racially divisive city and neighborhood lines are pretty evident just by seeing the race of people walking the streets.  It's getting better but it's still not good.
[I mean the stanford band is pretty talented](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gatKjUgcOhA).  They aren't insanely large so it may not sound as good on TV but they're pretty good.  I didn't go there but I've see them a few times.
I really wanted to go to the game in London....but at least we beat the Giants again
I'm with you on this. I've have by far the best experience with Uber vs. other services such as Lyft.  The entire purpose of the services is time and convenience and Uber is ahead in both those categories in my area.
Eh, it goes both ways I think.    I see a lot of the artsy hipster type people who think they are open and worldly be extremely critical of mainstream "yuppie" culture, and I live in one of the most "hipstery" neighborhoods in the country.  I think every culture is going to have a certain percentage of people that distain contradictory cultures.  That's just pack mentality.
Yep, SaaS account managers make bank if they surpass quota.  I have quite a few friends in the field.
Not necessarily.  I've freelanced on an equity basis and have gotten stake in a few companies that have become very successful.  I would only do it with companies that I think have potential, but a great deal of skilled digital marketers would be willing to put in the hours if they think it's a good deal.
I don't know any personally but www.meetup.com your friend.
adamant?  &gt;Listen, as a guy who went to Michigan, I've had a lot of people ask me 'could Jim Harbaugh wind up at Michigan?' I'm not going to tell you he can't, but based on everything I've been told and heard, I do not see that happening."
Could you imagine them writing something like that today?  The pressure must have been insane, I actually feel pretty bad for him.
Took the pictures of the covers at my parents house, but was only home for the weekend.  I was helping my mom clean out old stuff we didn't want/need, so I assume they got thrown out after I took the pictures, sorry!
No love for Pez on here...?  I have 100s of them.
How could you possibly comment on Jones' locker room presence?  I've been on plenty of teams where dirty players on the field are great leaders.
And a library...and a bunch of other stuff (though some of it is named after his wife)
Looking at these other posts, it's really hitting home how bad our students get fucked with prices.  The STEP program was also a slap in the face that pretty much solidified the fact that PSU football is run as a business and only a business.
I'd take that charge every single time over the possibility of some lunatic doing something to me.  Security fucked up big time.
I'm not arguing it's not an assault charge, I'm just saying that I would potentially act similarly in that situation.  It's a little bit excessive force, but not an outrageous or unexpected response to the situation.
Lol, dude, again, doesn't affect my life if you can't find it.
Stever Mareberry
You should call them (their number is hard to find, but it's out there) and see if you can stop by the office today or tomorrow. They were bought out by live nation recently but I think their office is still in the East Village.
Holy shit...are you 10? I'm old as fuck.  Edit: I'm retarded, I read "there" as "three" and was ready to just stop using Reddit.
I was under that bridge too, and literally had just walked when they canceled it...maybe I know you haha.  But the rain wasn't that bad, it downpoured for like 20 minutes then lightened up.  It's also supposed to be thunderstorms on Fri and Sun.
Yeah, that was a relief, as soon as we found that out we splurged on the afterparties and had a pretty awesome time, all things considered!
Haven't gotten into Hollywood Handbook yet, but I fucking love those guys.  Have you gone through Analyze Phish yet?
Me.  Still think he's not that bad, hasn't interrupted the flow of the game or made any decisions that have had an unfair impact.  Edit: I take back what I said.
Sorry Columbus, not how I wanted this game to end.
Damn, how did you manage to get an appointment with her?  It's impossible now even 6 months out!
I am as well, and it seems like the big artists (Wachob &amp; Coffey) are virtually impossible to book.  I feel like I'd have a better chance of getting a referral to one than booking online.
I mean, I legitimately couldn't even get them booked at all.  Are you going with Coffey?
Ah fair enough, I'm still holding out for one by her.  Did you design it or was it her original work?
Fair enough.  If I were you I'd get on their mailing lists, they send out an email when they open bookings, they usually then book solid for X amount of time, then close up books again.  At least from what I've experienced.
My suggestion for B2B affiliate would be to use a SaaS platform, such as Impact Radius or CAKE, to create a private program.  You would probably need to work with an agency, but that would be cheaper in the long run than paying a platform like CJ for doing basically nothing.  Players in the affiliate industry know the major affiliates, and 90% of your sales are going to be produced by 10% of your partners/affiliates.  You'd basically be paying CJ a finders fee for someone you already know about and then continuing to pay them a high %.  Don't have any articles on this, but it's a major part of what my company does!
I had a psych professor that did the exact same thing.  My respect for him went up immediately when I realized it at the bookstore.
Stronger now than it has been.  Our owners are in real estate and were hurt pretty bad after founding the team by the crash in 08.  The company's stock has been steadily rising since then and for the most part they have recovered.  Luckily that has lead to pumping more money into the Union.  We also forced out Nick Sak, which is a great sign of progress.  I'm sure the Union would be interested in more investors, but I doubt Jay Sugarman would give up majority right when the team is turning around.
New director.  Columbus directed the first 2 and Cuaron wanted to move in a different direction.  I personally didn't mind the change, but I'm a bit of a movie geek and love stuff like changes due to artistic preference.
Go into facebook analytics and find out what the group members have in common.  Run advertisement from your page to content sites you create on the most popular topics amongst that group.  Sell premium ad placements that are highly related to you topic on the page at a reasonable CPM and place affiliate links in the content.  The content sites that I've seen work really well are slideshow that change ads every 2-3 slides, but are seamless and don't load a new page with every single new slide.  I've successfully launched a site like this for a fairly major brand before and would be happy to work with you if you're interested.
