Getting my cock into the pit is really easy if you know what I mean. But then the flight Marshall tackled me to the ground and wrestled me back to my seat. As he threw me to my seat he said "Wat teh fuckbags is r0ng wIt u?!?!?". I then confidently turn my head to him and reply "Well why else would they call it a cockpit.". The 92 year old man next to me very slowly turns his head to me having the most stunned expression I've ever seen in a person in my entire life. As he looks at me a single tear runs down his face and he chokes the words "You made me believe again.". Immediately the plane flies into space to return to its home planet. P.S. We die on the way back because this woman managed to get her hands on a can of soda and blew up the plane. The End Stay tuned for for the next episode of Dragon Ball Z
I drove a '69 VW camper all over SF. Through Chinatown, up and down Lombard, Fillmore, you name it.  You get pretty good pretty quick. Helps that I learned stick by driving it home from where we bought it in Berkeley to Daly City in mid-afternoon traffic.
Duuuudde....    You saw that too?   We're like, mind melded!
....the horrible scars have cleared up, my life is 100% better!
New cars. All my cars are / have been less than the downpayment on a new car, and they were all awesome old VWs.
I generally don't spend even close to that on single frivolous items. Sure, I've spent many times that on frivolous items over time, but at least in individual servings it was a lot closer to the reasonable value of the item.  I'd also take the blame if my own laziness caused the loss of a valued item. Also, if you can't afford to lose a $350 pair of pants, you can't afford a $350 pair of pants.
A Ferrari is a lot different than a Toyota (Though also quite frivolous). A $350 pair of jeans is not 14 times better engineered than a decent $25 pair of jeans. Hell, damn things can't even handle the dryer. An original Picasso is a one-off work of art, the jeans just have a fancy tag on them.  Trust me. I work with mechanical things. I know quality is worth paying for. It's a constant battle to find well manufactured parts. I also know that the more expensive option isn't always the better quality.   In general, I don't believe in the while "image is everything" aspects of of our culture.
Thanks Freud. But seriously, I'm just cold and my arms are tired from working all day. I wouldn't mind some conversation. Conversely, if I'm sitting all splayed out, there's a good chance I'm just comfortable and would rather you leave me alone for now.
I know how orbits work. Source: way too much Kerbal.  In star wars fictional tech, hyperspace is an extradimensional mode of travel. It doesn't break the law of *c* because they are traveling through warped spacetime at less than relativistic velocities. Hence when they are pulled out of hyperspace by the gravity of a massive black hole, they are susceptible to capture if close enough.  Think of it like you suddenly appeared next to a large celestial body traveling at less than escape velocity. You'd be captured and thrown into an orbit consistent with your given velocity.
Driving a truck on the AlCan in the sixties was dangerous and sometimes brutal work.
And then your wife will throw her titties in the officers hands.
It was a TIFU a couple days ago. Kid born in '98 got an iPod touch and thought him and his little buddy were cool "men." So their online handle in Runescape or something was "itouchmen98."
I hooked up with a girl years ago that I called "Coconuts".  Her friends thought it was a silly nickname, but it was really because she could crack coconuts with her kegalklamps.
You can also toss it in a pile and use it as filler if you ever start tig welding thin steel.  Source: decent mig welder who just got a tig yesterday and was up all night watching YouTube tutorials.
I see a few good ones. But only because I ate all the acid and mushrooms and can now literally "see" reasons...  When is Shpongle on?
Hi A. Vegan! I'm Dad!
Rammstein was definitely the highlight. Teenage me was in angsty heaven.
Ha! Many experienced TIG guys have said I'm starting on the hardest thing, and my limited experience has already showed me it's true. Steel pools nicely and is relatively forgiving of temperature and speed. Aluminum sucks that heat up and if you aren't perfect, the puddle quickly gets out of control or craters to Hell and back. Butt welds aren't that bad, but inside corners can be a bear to start a clean bead on. Again, I've been at it a week, so my technique is far from refined. I'm sure with a little practice on steel will do wonders for my mechanics.
Alcohol dependance is a huge problem. And dangerous. A guy I know just had two massive seizures after trying to cut out the booze. It's one of the only drugs where the withdrawal alone can kill.
I know your inbox is flooding, but gotta relate my mechanic story. I worked at an old VW shop for five years. Awesome place, great stories, no shortage of interesting people. The boss is a super cool dude, but gets a bit flustered when stressed. My coworker (just three guys in the whole place) was a wacky dude and a decent mech, but didn't have confidence, so I was always helping him.  After too many times getting bitched at for something taking longer than expected because I was busy helping him or something, I snapped.  I was in the middle of an early smoke break, because I was in the middle of a big job and just wanted to get a smoke in so I could focus on finishing the job before lunch. Had the entire front end disassembled in a half hour and was actually really enjoying the job (lift kit install, fun stuff). Boss saw me smoking and launched into a tirade about how he just paid coworker two days to fix one of my fuckups and was now paying me to smoke (new engine "overheating," I told him before we shipped it that the new temp sensor was reading high as they all did, we even stocked resistors just to compensate for this, but he just said ship it. But no he paid dude for two days to do all sorts of things to bring temps down before just swapping out the sensor for a good used one). Anywhoooo, he wanted the job done.  I walked inside, packed up my tools and wheeled my box down the street saying "well, gonna take longer now...."  I did it to maintain the friendship I had with him. He's a bro, and I could feel the work relationship straining the friendship.  We're all cool now, and I still stop by on Friday nights for beers and bitching, so it worked.
Yes, many modern EFIs can handle it by compensating via variable timing and mixture. But it still results in decreased efficiency, both via inherently less energy and volume replacement by water absorption. Your friend's Audi probably had a well sealed gas tank, and you may live in a fairly dry climate. Here in OR, even the best sealed gas tanks are moot, because the gas is already water contaminated straight out of the pumps due to the amount of ambient moisture. I've personally seen it demonstrated.
Hmm. My buddy has three and a decent staff. Supports more than a couple adults.  Another buddy has one and has made so much he moved into a brick and mortar kitchen and just has a cadre of college kids working the truck now.  I refuse to believe that I know over one fifth of the successful food truckers in America...
I'm not at all saying it is guaranteed success, as, once again, foodservice is a risky business. I'm actually usually the one here throwing a dose of reality at potential food truckers. I said passion is a requirement for success, not a guarantee of it. I just found your statement about successful food trucks being "single digits" to be a bit overblown.  They may just be in a place to lead the market in their area. I don't know the area, but while an established food truck scene can help new trucks, it can also hurt through competition and saturation. Again, I don't know the details of their demographic. My buddy with multiple carts and trucks was a kid right out of college (not for cooking) and decided to jump into it. He had help getting started from friends and family (Building his first truck actually started the business I'm a part of now.)  Source: Worked in kitchens and on food trucks, built more than 10 trucks/carts and maintain working and friendly relationships with all manner of foodies, live in a hotbed of food truck culture.
I wanted Jane. :P
I'm saying I have lots of experience flying headfirst into the ground, snow or not. Y'all are just a bunch of weenies.
"Insisted his mom stay...." the poster I was responding to implied that it would have been ok had a woman been there.  Holy crap, when I was a kid my babysitters would leave us for a minute with a friend or BF or whatever sometimes. No molesting happened. Most people are generally good people. Kids are safer now than ever before.
Don't mind if I do. First, though, Chris, what the fuck are you doing with my niece. Get the fuck out of my campsite you sick bastard.
I've actually never done salvia. But I'm quite familiar with it. All the out of body experiences I've had have involved MDMA, MDA, 2CB, and the catalyst nitrous oxide. Saw my body floating in space getting massaged by two warm waterfalls, that were actually my ex's hands. Turned into my friend and saw myself drooling on the couch across from him, then the cat informed me that we were all the same being experiencing the universe from different perspectives. Watched the world swirl away into blowing sand and turn into me and the girl of my dreams only to have us smash together and fling my hand perfectly into intercepting the bong being handed to me while she slept peacefully in my lap....
And nowhere did I advocate for complete abstinence. I myself partake in drugs, sex, porn, and masturbation. But like you both said, just about anything can be overindulged in. I picked up on the drug example because it's something well known to be abused.
I'm not a kid anymore, but have always been a fan of music from before my time (in addition to modern music). I could have been in "le wrong generation" if that was a thing in my time.  I hear this hate for le wrong generation and think that people don't get where the sentiment comes from. It's less "music today sucks, uggg" and more "I have a preference older music, and wish I could have experienced it in it's time with like minded peers. I think I would enjoy that more than the big show everyone is going to this weekend."  Unfortunately, they're teenagers so the best they can articulate it is often, yes, "music today sucks, ugggg."  But in all honesty, they are perfectly welcome to enjoy whatever music they want. And musical tastes change and evolve. Heck, I used to hate eighties music, now it brings happy nostalgia. I wouldn't be caught dead listening to Fleetwood Mac in high school, now Stevie can bring me to tears.
Started running around with younger guys and pulled a shotgun on me for finding her suggestive MySpace messages with one of them. Said I ruined her trust in me.  This was after four years of her not having any friends besides me. I tried to help her make some friends, but she was too bipolar or whatever to maintain any other relationships (our relationship was 50% me trying to calm her down from the latest end of the world. When she started hanging out with the other guys, she started saying *I* had kept her from making friends, and she had left all her friends for me, because she could only be friends with guys. Then finally admitted that she was fucking all her friends when we met, and liked me enough to stop for a few years. Yeah, that's why she could only be friends with guys. Her vagina did all the work.
I'm a skateboard riding white American. Not fat, hate dew, Whole Foods sucks, live in an upscale neighborhood but broke af, where do I fit in?   ....oh yeah, nowhere. That's probably why I'm on Reddit right now.
That was one of the first things my mom told me when I started going a little hippy and bought some.
I know. Bronners peppermint, eucalyptus, and tea tree all burn a bit. You get used to it though.
People laugh, but shit,  I'd trade all the bad sex I had in my teens and twenties for a place on the quidditch team and a chance with grown-up Luna.
Sex can go on forever for guys too. Many times have I "finished," only to go back down to munch town or whatever for a few, then back to the old giggity goo...
I see you've been to WJ park in Eugene.  Source: smoking there right now with hippies and homeless people.
I know a few gay guys that get frustrated by a lack of "manly" men in their dating pool. One of my buddies said almost the same thing as you before moving to a bigger city with more options. "I'm gay. I want to date a *guy*."  I'd have hooked some up with each other, but they were all really different people other than that.
Never been to a psych lecture. I do enjoy a good open-mouth-insert-foot-ing, so yes, I do come here in part for that.
Anxiety and depression are complex illnesses. Yes, you do need to face them to overcome them. No it's not as simple as that in most cases.  You say you've seen it first hand? Expound upon that. Many times, depressed people do a great job of pretending to not be depressed. If I had a nickel for every time someone has commented on how happy and carefree I am, I might be able to afford some actual treatment...
Guy I used to work for said he "built the trailer" another employee built because he roughed out the print and cut the stock for the frame. This was in regards to him berating the employee about "slacking." I just said "yeah, and elves came in the night, laid about 400 welds and ground them smooth."  Yeah... I don't work there anymore.
Dammit dad! I told you never to bother me when I'm taking over the Galaxy! Gramps was sooo much cooler than you!
I think they just taste like the tenderest, tiniest, delicate little chicken wings. Only ever had them at a local Chinese place, but could eat a million of them.
To play not-a-douche here, nobody wants your cloud in their face. I smoke, and I try my best to keep it to my self. I stay downwind from others I don't know, or know don't like it, keep it away from kids. I just ask the same of vapers, and they don't even need to go as far.  Yes, it's not as nasty as cig smoke. No, that doesn't make it ok to blast in people's faces.
Yeah, she hid them for about a month. I was just dumb and played along for four years.
It's high desert. At ~4000', it gets cold in the winter, but is like inland SoCal in the summer. Beautiful views of the Three Sisters year round, half hour drive to the mountains themselves.
Wear pads if you gotta, and work your way up to things slowly. And work doesn't need to know how you broke your leg....
Hit my dozens of times head and I'm still nothing wrong.
I like swapping stories. I hate bullshit small talk. If my story one ups yours, then tell another that one ups mine. That's how all the good stories come out! I'd rather hear some slightly exaggerated yarn about the time you broke into the school and stole the overhead projectors than listen to you talk about how hot the girls were down by the college today.
Organic banana.  I only know this because back in ye olden days, before text messaging, we had pager code. 4011 was "you" in pager code, and I noticed all my bananas said "you." Then I noticed all the organic ones had a 9, along with other organic fruit. I'm weird, I know.
