Being a pharaoh I'm Pretty sure..
Soooo my feed just cut out for track and field
Yeah I'm just using this thread as my draft coverage and I've got no complaints.
I'll bet someone an upvote that I'm going to be angry and sad at the end of this game.
I think I'm getting sick :(
Nah, I just always thought Fucale was supposed to turn out good and condon seems to be struggling lately.
So I really hate GDT's with the Hawks, am I an asshole?  Or do other people feel this way?
Ah but this was pre jets when leafs was my primary team.  We had our struggles.
I'm not sad about being scored on anymore really.  I am, however, sad that Hellebuycks numbers go down :(
Just out here rippen a dart, bud.
I mean, I was pretty proud.
Struggling for a wild card spot, we took a step back this year with all our new kids.
I um, I do not.
Y'all a bunch of bitches.  I'm awesome.
Thing is, I kinda want to tank.    But I can't not want to win when watching games.
Is Nashville a nice city?  I've never been.
I make pretty damn good popcorn, guys.
I've noticed that if you drink lots of it, it is really fantastic.
Man that's not at all what I wrote.
Yo Predsbros, can I be real with you for a second?  You guys are great. Everyone one you music lovin' American bastards, all gems.
I'm nearly out of beer.
I'm my own spirit animal.
My upstairs neighbours are playing fucking basketball in steel toes again.
This team fuckin blows.    I'm so sick of losing.
Me.
Write my book(s).
Portugal. The man.    Particularly the album "evil friends."  I found them here on Reddit and love'em.
Checked out some of thE Funhaus gameplay of it, looked cool.
You sure? We get pretty damn yelly when we're losing.  Which is always these days.
Just like I said this morning boys.  27 game goal streak for Ehlers and a 27 game winning streak for the jets.
Bring on the hate!  I can take it, I've got beer!
Guys.! Guys!!!  I'm drunk already
Now I'm sad :(
Fuckin can't take it anymore
I love tony.
Funny story:  My waitress I always have used to date Calvin Pickard but it didn't really work out and her new boyfriend is a huuuge Avs fan.
I reaallly need to pee but don't want to move.
Fuck I hate doing gdts on my tablet,  no auto correct is a bitch.
I'm a idiot.
Man I was gonna say this belongs in /r/circlejerk then I saw where it was posted..
Thanks friend.  It was rough, but worth it.  Always worth it.
Our team lost and I'm pretty much just trying not to die untill I can fall asleep.
I can usually manage to download at least one mod before it boots me.
I hope so, I downloaded it before and it didn't work.
Jesus that didn't take long at all, sorry to hear that
I must be close to breaking my game.  I've become an absolute mad man with mods.
I'm not ever sure he was kicker..
Well, I guess i can't really complain.
It's my all time Favourite game, I want it so bad
Console gamer here so mods aren't an option for me.  I loved skyrim, loved Morrowind more but I knew that was just a pipe dream, it's been years since I've played skyrim so I'll be probably ready to delve back into Tamriel when it comes out.  The addition of mods is going to be nice and I'm sorta hoping there will be some other added features that we just haven't heard of yet.
