Cost of living up, income down to 2000 levels, increase in VAT,  Wife lost her job due to government funding cuts  - small adjustment in income tax threshold.
&gt;“Hundreds of schools, often in disadvantaged areas, are already being turned around thanks to the help of strong academy sponsors"  Really,I thought only the first schools to go through the process of acadmaisation were only just starting to go through OFSTEAD inspections. I remember reading that about 63% of schools that had been acadamised were now doing worse that they were before they were privatised.   That said, there is an issue with new academies being counted as new schools and a few changes to OFSTEAD so quantifying any loss or gain before and after is, I believe almost impossible anyway, so however you look at this,  Morgan is speaking out of her arse again.  On a personal note - my kids school was acadamised and it's gone down hill fast.  Unfortunately there appears to be no way to sack the academy in charge or swap them for a different, more able provider.
&gt; If they don't like a trust, they can leave it and join a different one.   How does this work in practice?  There certainly isn't a complaints procedure in place out side of the trust itself.  My kids school is run by an Academe Trust and we (parents, governors and staff) seem unable to find *any* way to change them for a different, more able provider.
Oh! Yeah... Ummm my bad!
HaHa... I can tell you don't have kids.  Threat my arse.  Produce a "Fun / Treat sized" anything and you get to see a whole range of emotions from quivering lipped disappointment through to violent rage.  On the other hand, get a normal mars bar and just it up into six equally sized (but smaller bits) and they are more than happy.
Not at all.  Its weird though because I can cut up a mars bar into 6 equal bits and they love it, even though its about 10% smaller than an individual fun sized one.  Its like they realise the whole fun sized thing is a con and would prefer to share the standard sized one.  Mind you, it might just be the older ones trolling me and getting the little girls to back them with violent protest.  Pro tip - Never train females to be strong willed and confident individuals.
Personally I stopped smoking when I couldn't get hold of resins easily.
Fair enough. If someone told me it was spicy chicken, I would probably eat it regardless of how much or little I had had to drink.  Fucking sea snails though - that's just minging.
Apple crumble is a good idea.  I'm meant to be showing them what great food we have here and you want me to serve them gurle like some 13c peasant? I'm from Cornwall and not Scotland.  I don't have to make them eat stuff like that!
As a family man myself, I would go for both options.
&gt; What's wrong with chillies  Nothing in my book although I do have form for making kids cry with my food. Alot!
&gt; afternoon tea  Yeah good one - afternoon tea!  Clotted cream and scones.  I can't believe I forgot this!  I'm trying to do as many "traditional" English dishes as possible so I'm staying away our normal fair which is mainly Mediteranian / Middle Eastern / Asian for the most part. Saying that though I might do a Pad Tai and Chicken Satay for some of the breakfasts as I'm running out of ideas that stretch beyond cereal / gruel.
&gt;fresh fruits, salads and home cooked meals with plenty of colourful veg  As per normal then (we are smug "cooked from scratch" fuckers down here in Cornwall) :)  Anyway, as the resident pro foodie - can you recommend any traditional regionally appropriate  dishes? (I have to say that otherwise haggis will  end up being mentioned)
Took the brood for a walk on Dartmoor. Had egg sandwiches and pork pies whilst the kids played in a river, then returned home and made some pizza dough whilst Mrs Dwair spent 30 minuets persuading the toddler to leave the safety of the car and come into the house.  Cider planned for later.
Fair enough I suppose - I wouldn't want to kill anything that I had an emotional attachment to.  The thing is, you don't form an attachment to live stock. They are like co-workers or something.  Pets yes a attachment is made (and I wept for days when one of my 4 dogs had to be put down) but live stock I just don't have an issue with outside their welfare.  As you say, its your upbringing and what you are used to.  I guess my upbringing (ex pat kid in about 6 African countries) and then 20 odd years doing the same as an adult means fresh meat prep is very normal for me, but here in the UK we are completely insulated from the process.  Half the stuff sold in supermarkets doesn't even look like meat let alone a bit of a cow, and you never see people slaughtering animals in everyday life.  In Africa, its on every rural street corner.  Get chickens if you can - they are great.  Go to a live stock market and buy a bunch for a few quid and let them go free range.  If you want to eat one fine - you have given them a bit od a good life.  If not, its still fine and they will have a great time.
No - I didnt miss the /s but I wanted hammer home the idea that parts of the UK ~~rely~~ on the EU to survive to those who didn't realise it and thought that payments to the EU were one sided.   I grew up in Cornwall, lived for 20 years in Gwynedd and then moved back down south to Cornwall so I understand how hard it would be on an area if funding was removed.
We, in the Dwair household, have started to use a numbering system as it means they are easier to keep track of.    Saying that though, we use a lot of nick names too.  At the moment the Toddler is being called "Arse Baby" and all the other kids have taken great delight in printing out loads of labels with this on it and sticking them on all her stuff. (She is called "Arse Baby" as she is firmly embedded in the terrible twos and quite frankly is being an arse most of the time)
&gt; Loss of a limb wouldn't stop me working.  No, but a heart attack and mild stroke would if you work in IT.  I has me, and I am no where near disabled nor count myself as such.  Really, check your insurance as none of mine pay out as I wasn't "ill" enough not to work after 5 weeks but certainly ill enough that I had to fold 2 very profitable businesses after growing them for 25 years.  Also don't count being fit and healthy living as insurance either - I actually tried to run off my heart attack as I thought 10k over the moors would "loosen" me up a bit and the fresh air would do me good.  4 years seeing what its like on the other side of the fence has shown me what can go wrong despite planning well and being self made, so wind your arrogance in a bit please.  Edit - Oh yeah, I forgot. I also support 2 children and 4 step children as well - which used to be OK on £80k net a year
Na - we just ditched Sky as there was very little stuff on that anybody watched.  Thanks for the offer though
This weekend I had man flu or TB. Not sure which but my chest actually hurts from all the coughing. Not my lungs, but the muscles round my ribs. And I have a throat like I have been swallowing glass.
Na - I'm with your  brother in law on this.  Compared to other trousers they are massively uncomfortable  My other comment...  &gt; They are cold in winter and chafe like mad when its wet. In the summer they are really sweaty and unless you get a really baggy and weird looking pair, you can't move your legs in them. Also the pockets are rubbish so you end up carrying a bag with you as you mince up the street like a bad parody of a 1970's Thai lady boy.
Humans - Yup. Lots of potential there. I will watch that and not only because Katherine Parkinson is in it (We likes 'er.  We likes 'er in a special way we does)  Have you watched Fringe?  My self and Mrs Dwair got hooked on that last year and did 5 seasons over about 6 weeks.
Well done you!    I couldn't imagine trying to do an exam with a migraine.  I haven't had one in years thank god but I do remember them as being particularly vile and debilitating.
&gt; maybe if i stop being fat they'll go away though  Na - I was very fit and healthy, had a great diet and all that jaz and it still buggered me up.  Better to not miss the opportunity of pies now while you still can if you ask me.  If the truth be told, what really kicked it off for me was Mrs Dwair proposing to me in the morning.  10am she's asking for my hand ect.  By 12 I'm asking to be driven to A&amp;E as I felt a bit weird and had chest pains.
When something shits on you repeatedly from a great height, you owe it little allegiance.  If you cannot change the system, all you can do is change your involvement with it.    Emigration is a good option.  Don't let a miss directed feeling of loyalty hold you back. The UK will not be loyal to you.  Go abroad for a few years.  I did more or less through out all the Thatcher years and THB it was great and I regret coming back 15 years ago.
EEEKKK!! Glad you are ok mate - those things *really* scare me.
Hmm - your the second person that's likened me to Bill Oddie recently.  I'm not sure I like where this is heading.
I did this 5 years ago.  Had a bi-pass and got better although I'm disappointed I spent so many years going for a run and eating cabbage.  Good luck with it all.
I just Googled it and found its more popular than I thought!  You can even [mount them in Crocs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I-VCmaoU0G8)
Livin' the dream babe, just livin' the dream.
27.9 deg in my shed.  The ambient heat from the servers is making it horrid :(
Ha - I don't have mission critical stuff running very often,  The shed is more a staging post between my clients, my work and places like Rackspace where it all ends up.  With my internet connection only going above 0.5meg in the last 3 months, I could hardly be hosting stuff myself (its now 79.95 so I'm well chuffed :)  As for VM's - I already use them quite bit for testing stuff.   However,  One widows box emulates my shared win hosting, one is a copy of a clients server, the Linux box emulates my shared Linux hosting.  I have another box that deals with all my office stuff like exchange, git and backs up everything and throws it off site.  My office pc connects to everything so I work on that.  In the Right Corner I have my lappy that I use for Reddit and in the Left Corner I have a box running Kali Linux that the kids use for torrenting copies of Frozen and Yo Gabba Gabba (at least that's what they tell me they are doing with it)  For the most part all this is laziness - I can work by just changing screens and clicking connect to xyz and jobs done.  I could use a VM for it all but hot swapping environments all the time confuses me.
What part of London?  I generally visit West so usually Hammersmith / Fullam near to where I am going?  If you want to be near a tube, around Barons Court is good for spaces.  TBH I have never found London any worse than anywhere else for parking really.
Yeah he is ok apparently despite his slightly creepy TV persona.  A actor friend of mine has worked with him and said he was incredibly committed and professional with his  Cbeebies stuff.  It's a shame really as I would have preferred him to be a raging alcoholic diva given to tantrums and inappropriate behavior.
Thank you Moonie.   I trust your domestic knowledge in this as you are clearly someone who knows these things
That's not weird at all.  That is good organisation.  I do the same but put it flat on top so I can press the contents of the bin down and get more in.
The best sausages I have had are the ones my kids primary school do as a class project every year.  They get a couple of pigs, lodge them at a farm down the road to fatten them up and by Christmas they have been turned into sausages and flogged off at the Xmass Fair.
&gt;An NHS England spokeswoman said: "These claims are wrong - more patients are getting the dental care they need, and 93% of people got an NHS dental appointment when they wanted one in the last 24 months."  I have had my family on 15-20 waiting lists for over 3 years now.  At this rate I am going to have to increase my search to practices over 60 miles away.
My Dad did this.  He had a 3 week holiday to Bucharest and saved himself about £4k getting his knashers done. It caused a right storm in a tea cup when the local rag got hold of the story.  From his experience I would recommend this wholeheartedly over British treatment if you have to go private.
Hmm...I lived on and off in Snowdonia for over 20 years before moving south and I can safely say that on the whole N.Wales is the most inhospitable place I have ever been.   Really, Kabul and Eastern Congo have nothing on Caernarfon on a Friday night for bad vibes.
Late to the thread so I hope it goes OK for you today at the counseling.    I got sent to counseling last year and I think overall it was beneficial and helpful.  I had a few problems dealing with the impact of some health issues I have had and the occy' therapist I was seeing sent me along.  Although I had never been to a counselor before, I'm fairly receptive and got a lot out of it.  For me the gain was having someone impartial to talk to and guide me through the thought processes that has lead me to where I am now in my head and how to look at moving positively forward.    That said I also enjoyed myself by playing "stock phrase bingo", seeing how long I could get the counselor to talk about themselves and not me, and trying to apply the weirder bits of Nietzsche to the session summaries.    Anyway, Its worth doing the 8 or however many sessions.  At the very least it will help you to put some perspective on your issues, at best it will set you off toward recovery with a good road map.  Also well done with the fags!
Cheers.  As an aside, the beard comb on the " Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought" bit looks like a wooden nit comb. I hand ever thought of getting nits in my beard.  I'm going to have to shave the kids now just to be on the safe side.
Friday night - delivered some children to their "other" parents for the weekend with Mr Dwair then went to the pub for dinner.  Had a nice casserole with a flaky pastry lid, had a couple of pints and cheered on Exeter playing Liverpool.  The Pub is now offering a 10% discount for locals which is nice.  Then went home and fell asleep on the sofa for a bit and was in bed for 10:15.     Love the mutt pic and love his/hers jumper.  Our elderly Whippet has a fleece harlequin winter coat but your jumper beats this hands down.
&gt;it might not even be in the bathroom  This.  I watched my Dad wreck his house over a week long orgy of carpet lifting and floor board pulling.  The carpets never went down properly again and my mother did her nut.  It's just not worth it.  He never found the smell and my mum threatened to move out if he didn't stop.
Yesterday we ran out of heating oil.  Today I have been cutting fire food.  Later I will be topping up the tank with 25l jerry cans of oil and sucking it through 20m of 5mm pipe to get the boiler working again.
I usually ask the same questions of my kids at the end of the day and get a stock answer "I dunno, nothing. Why are you asking me all these questions? Leave me alone. What's wrong with you? Why are you hassling me?"
Basically, where I live is sparsely populated (not by Auz standards though)  and there are lots of very old houses and farms that never got around to being connected to mains utilities.  The area has a reputation for interbreeding (webbed hands and feet) but has some of the best surf in the UK.  The couple using the well (natural water source + bucket on a string) want to put a bore hole through a graveyard on their property but the local administration are objecting because its a graveyard.  Mr /r/XVIIBravo lives in a grimy northern town somewhere in the north of the country where it always rains and they wear flat caps and race whippits and stuff whilst shuffling to factories in the morning.  This apparently is the height of modern sophistication.
Pah.  It's freezing cold here.  Anybody who is enjoying the sun make me shudder with jealousy.   Actually, on that note and to sow a small seed of doubt, have you found any landmines yet?  The whole of the Algeria / Morocco border area on both sides was really heavenly mined in the 60's all the way from the coast down to TanTan.  On the Algerian side there is a big fence running the whole length about 30 km from the border to keep people out.  I don't think the Moroccans ever bothered...  Enjoy the sun!
I'm just green with envy.  I love Morocco. It's cold and wet here.
That's rubbish!  Glad survived the mugging though.  I had to take my eldest daughter to her 10 Tors training at 7am which was fairly grim.  The rest of the day will mainly revolve around being a house husband, cutting wood for the fire and cleaning the house.
