I don't know what you were expecting it seems your mind is made up. Going down with this ship will very likely cause you pain and misery. It takes two to fix a relationship.
Well if it was then I should be able to find it.. I remember the video because I always wondered who that woman was in the Rocco video.  For context it was a four-way with Julian St. Joix(too lazy to google) and some regular white porn dude. They switched partners mid-stream.
Yeah Axe made my skin dry up like crazy. Do some nice moisturizing soap for a month it will clear right up.
It might be forgivable if it was a one on one situation. Like she was confiding in her one best friend. But to tell a group, no matter how small, is kinda fucked up. I can't lie though I'e talked about sexual performance of girlfriends in the past with my friends. Only difference is it's been performance, something they can change, not a physical trait they can't.
Op I agree with this. I've been cheated on and it sucks but I'm mature enough now to know that it doesn't mean she didn't love me. People have all kinds of motivations. You know this now yourself.  Even if you got back with him it wouldn't be the same. He wouldn't trust you. You are young and you'll find another guy. Just learn from this. It'll probably help to date more so you'll have some comparisons in your mind. Lots of assholes out here.
Some guys do gear themselves up with the chatting and online flashing. There are a lot of flakes on those dating sites, mostly married and attache guys who don't actually want to fuck someone but get off on the looking. We probably need distinction on this issue from OP.  I've been cheated on, someone full born fucking someone else, and it blows, like really blows and makes you question yourself. But as  I get older and after being in a long time relationship I can understand how you can cheat on someone and still love someone and care about them. It takes a lot of work to not cheat.  Perhaps OP's husband coping mechanism is to look at broads online  blow a load and then go back to his happy marriage.  I'm not saying OP should go with this or be okay with it but it might be useful to understand it if she wants to stay married to him.
Yeah what your wife is saying is I want to fuck strangers but I want you around to do the Boeing shit they won't do. Yeah fuck her. If you don't have kids leave asap if a lawyer approves.
I moved with someone and not for the. They chested and I was in a shit town by myself. It took a while but I realized this was an  opportunity. Nobody knew me. I could do what I wanted without fear of embarrassment or judgement. Moving is a nice do over. So do that. Also take advantage of where you are. Go out and do Pa shit. See things. Join things. Live god damn you, said in Ed Harris voice.
I've been tour guide to relatives, including my mom. If this is the last dinner dude may actually be broke. I think it would be supportive of you to opt out or pay for your own dinner. Dude could have handled it better but a week worth of hosting relatives (breakfast, lunch, dinner plus gas,etc.) can put a strain of people who can afford it.
Have you guys tried couples therapy. I would suggest doing that before having another kid together. I actually think you might get to the bottom of your relationship issue. Sounds like you guys aren't together for very nebulous reasons. The fact that you'd consider this means you have a better relationship than a lot of married people. Before doubling down on kids maybe you should consider actually being a couple for real.
Don't know where you are flying to. This is what I'd do. Freeze it overnight take it out of freezer and put in freezer bag sealed tight. Maybe two bags. This is important because if you put it with your clothes they will smell like smoke otherwise. To avoid this I'd carry it on and keep any sauces separately. I've gotten through with small amounts of sauce frozen but  that's not a guarantee.
Blue Star is very good. I like the cheese grits there and the pancakes.
You said dildo's are designed to be unlike real penis. Well as a guy who's seen porn and unfortunately has been in a few locker rooms it's not average but it's not unheard of either.
Sometimes rightly so. Out laws are kinda fucked. If a woman lies about her age the law doesn't give a shit. Not justifying abuse or cp but "sex offender" doesn't always mean what it should.  I once date d a girl who wanted me to sneak into her house. We were both adults she lived with her parents. I didn't do it but I can see where someone less cautious could have been fucked up.
Via. I've been to Bufalina and Backspace and they are okay but Via 313 is the only one I go back to.
Your response makes no sense. Everyone boycotts places they don't agree. I have gay friends who don't ear chickfila and vegatarians who won't step foot in a BBQ restaurants on principal. They are well within their rights to do so.
This is great advice from a really bad screen name.  OP I must ask have you fully considered a career in social work? I don't know what country you are in but it's really hard to make a good living in the US with a social work degree. If you stay married why not get a degree in something that has more stability and upside. I hate piling on but fuck I'd hate for you to have student loans you can't pay back on TOP of all the other shit you have going on.
Are you Mexican? I can assure you that those who look "white" are absolutely aware of it. It's not one big racial family.
It depends on the level of care needed. I looked at some before placing a relative in one. They varied from nightmare to nice hotel. I found a nice one that now costs $7k a month. Relative has dementia, is in a lock down unit so he doesn't try to escape, doesn't like to bath and often locks himself in his room. This stuff doesn't get easier it gets harder as they get sicker.
London. If I asked for water they brought me a $5 of sparking water. I had ask specifically for still and even then it was brought warm in a glass.
Can' t warn about this place enough.  She was there by herself. Lunch took more than an hour. Parts of it were ice cold. I appreciate her charity work but it's just not practical. Toon family from Louisiana to French Quarter Grill and they loved it.
I watch that Blu-ray anytime I buy a new TV. It's the benchmark.
I live in Austin and it was bad for about less than  year and now it's back so hard people can't afford to live in town or the surrounding areas anymore.
I've been to protests and vigils about black on black violence. These things get no media coverage and nobody cares.  The thing is the people in these communities expect criminals to be criminals. There is no expectation of "good" behavior from the people dealing drugs in their community.  Police on the other hand are there for protection. People who are not criminals know with certainty that if they call the cops to help them they could very easily end up on the other side of the encounter. This shit happens all the time, sometimes even to white people. Only I think white people expect things to go differently.  Black people have no expectations of justice in encounters with the police.
Do you date? I mean do you do things that are couple-ish and aren't opportunities for nagging or relationship disappointment. Like going dancing, movies, shit you did pre-marriage.
Move out on your own and do your own thing when you can. Keep up appearances until you are done with college or don't need their financial support.
I know many people who read email, Reddit, etc in the morning for a long time. I find if you have a skeevy bathroom at work you are more apt to try to evacuate thoroughly before going to the office.  Just a thought, he may not be lying about that. Also if he beats off in the shower I doubt he knocks him holes in the walls doing it.
He has three. I'm in tae Kwon do, one under 10th planet and another under Jacque.
I'd talk to your dad or mom about it. I'd suggest he invite her alone over to lunch. Say he and your mom want to get to know her. Then just talk to her and ask her.  If the mom is supportive bring her in too.   It's possible there is another explanation for her injuries. I worked with a woman who was always covered in bruises. Turns out she had some kind of super rare potentially fatal kind of anemia. She bruised from the slightest touch.   Also they could be into kink  One never knows.
The dude is apparently very uncomfortable doing all this shit with a woman not his wife. He really wanted out of the sequel I think.
It's over. This isn't the type of infidelity you can come back from. She's not remorseful and is likely carrying on with the guy still.   You need to move back home and call a lawyer. Sleep in separate rooms and follow the lawyer's advice
Making friends as a grown up is hard but the number of friends you have is directly related to how happy you are.   Do you like to read? Join a book club. Look on meetup for activities that interest you.  How much money do you need to live? Can you move closer to work?
You cheated. That can't be undone. How about you bring up leaving in therapy. It's a good place to negotiate your exit with a witness.
I've been you. I broke up with the woman. I'd let him know how you feel and tell him hearing him run himself down is the most unattractive thing about him.   Also he should get into weight lifting.
Umm most fat guys aren't getting a lot of love. I wouldn't necessarily say you need to reveal your fetish just date one. Ask a guy you find handsome out   I know women feel weird about it but I seriously doubt a fat guy is going to hate on a woman being turned on by his fatness. Go wild.  Regarding feeding normal meals will probably be enough feeding for them to be fat or gain.Just sit in his lap and feed him what he already planned to eat.
Your husband has a mental illness that he doesn't want to treat. You have done nothing wrong if your account is accurate and you are protecting your kids by keeping them away from him.    I'd get divorced, go for full custody and only supervised visitation given his violent outbursts.   I'd move in with family. I'd also get a restraining order given his history of violence and throwing things at you. It may not work but it covers you incase you have to defend yourself. I'd also consider a concealed carry permit
Maybe she likes you. Don't lie just tell her you aren't there yet. See where things go. There is no harm.
Is he on any mood medicines? I know people on some heavy anti-psychotics and they have eye twitches and tremors.
Maybe you should pause on this kind of intense situation s d relationship and work on your anxiety.
Bidet attachments for the toilets. Best $30 ever spent.
Cool. If you found therapy worked for you may I suggest you mention it in your OP. It's such common advice but people doubt it works.ive always felt you get out what you put in.  Congrats on your new life.
You are a good wife. You are the reddit unicorn.
I'd love to try to play civ with my girlfriend but I guess I'd have to buy her a copy of the game.
It's okay. The food is just okay but they give you a fuckload of it. I'm sure everything is frozen Sysco stuff heated up in the microwave like most restraints that scale. The cheesecake though is actually pretty good, particularly if you like flavored cheesecake.
I once saw a guys grandmother claim he didn't beat this woman so bad a friend didn't recognize her. Despite it being on video.  Unconditional love man.
Did you leave the house and go stay with a friend to deal with it? Oh and also go radio silent?
Mark closed his gym to be a trainer in another? His gym was well regarded.  I wonder how most of these gyms do.
Kevin James is notoriously difficult to work with.  This show is dead.  It's never worked or been funny. Already fired one show runner. Erinn was good in other shows.  I'm a dude and I found the mis-match in ages and appearance kind of vile.  By TV standards Leah might be too old for him, let that sink in.  Honestly when I happened by Paul Blart on TV I thought the actress playing his daughter was an appropriate love interest. I didn't know at the time she was a kid.
Cable companies are taking a take it or leave it stance. (Viacom is not a cable company). My cable company Suddenlink dropped all Viacom stations. It's a pain in the ass.
I've had to do what your boyfriend did. Look at this from his perspective. How else was he going to get you stabilized?   In the future you can find  nicer facility to be checked into. Your doctor can work with you on that. There is often a long build up to manic episodes so you could have been erattic for a while.  Just take your medicine and don't stop taking them without working with doctors to transition to new ones.
