Sure but when she does it she's "mentally ill;" when I do it it's "sir please, I'm just as upset as you that Bernie lost"
I'm currently consulting with the DNC regarding the victim hierarchy, I'll let you know my findings.
Under the El @ Kensington &amp; Somerset.  Bring $20.
I would change my name too if I got convicted
Hey check out this picture of the skyline I just took
*I was mocking how cheap fishtown rents actually are because I'm an elitist and think hipsters suck*
But they fit me so nicely
Oh no they'll find all of my Woody's posts
I forgot it's &lt;current year&gt;
I'm leaving. I've assessed the situation, and I'm going.
I wasn't a redditor when Obama was elected
I've been looking for a place too, closest one I know of is in KoP :(
I called Putin to hack philly.com and write this
yeah target had my back
I specified center city! although I honestly didn't realize there was a toys r' us in the city
I'm sure the friends and families of the city's 277 homicide victims last year would chuckle and snort at your edgy loldrumpf comment too
what can I say, I'm running on pure adrenaline after seeing our President-elect annihilate the MSM
I do it all for my fellow centipedes
I'm an atheist
I just liked shitposting with that guy who used to spam "posting in a weed thread," RIP /u/llamasrevenge   I do think it should be legalized (or at least decriminalized) though.  Doesn't change the fact that it's currently illegal and one would have to face the consequences if caught with it.
&gt;I love Philadelphia and desperately want to stay, but with the lack of jobs here I will probably have to move to New York City or Boston.   welcome to the banter that permeates the conversations of young finance professionals all throughout the burbs
We are clearly talking about two different types of finance.  I just pulled up some data points - as an example, for year-end 2014, a second year analyst (i.e. a kid two years out of college) at Harris Williams' Boston office made $162,500 in total compensation.    In finance, that type of compensation for that type of job at that level of seniority does not exist in Philadelphia.
it's a bit of a shithole, but it's *our* shithole and it's fun
Often one of the first things I do when that 5am alarm goes off - it's an instant jolt of **high energy** before the gym.
eh I'm used to the group of trolls that follow me to downvote everything
Are there any cry-ins scheduled for Friday?? I literally can't even
Penn as in University of Pennsylvania.     I'd recommend Center City by far if possible (for living and startup location).  Would be easier to attract talent. Rittenhouse, Washington Square West, Old City would be all of my first recommendations.  Old City has a growing startup community along  3rd st. starting at Market and going north.
I drink and I know things - how about you?
god this is a great reminder of why I keep my window shades down
At 5:38am I was just beginning my workout, he was just beginning to save America. Really puts things in perspective...
lol wait you're that temple freshman, see ya kiddo
Collins is hands-down the best on that list.  Would do 1500 Locust second but heard a few negative things about elevator wait times (~3 for 600ish units) and false fire alarms (because you're connected to Fado).    Gonna cost you extra for parking though at a nearby garage.
but I did though
&gt; I've been so angry and depressed with everything going on  we can tell
Oh hey my local fake news rag! The same one that praised Crooked Hillary for wearing white then said it was terrifying that Melania wore white.
can confirm, not done winning yet
fuck I'm spending the second weekend in a row out of philadelphia :\
sometimes I do forget who I'm talking to
bf's reaction tells me this isn't the first time this has happened
it's quite the phenomenon: almost everyone I know who lives in another big city, works in that city     edit:  upon reflection I can actually think of a few that live in NY but commute to CT
thanks to everyone who came out to the meet-up last night!
head over to 13th, walk south, great little local bar that's a r/philadelphia favorite called Woody's
well yeah but that takes actual effort and people might not see it all of the time, but if I post on facebook I'm doing my part and it's out there for everyone to see and validate
23 year old trapped in an edgy 14 year old rebellious body
a few weeks ago I saw the girl at 12th &amp; market flip out at another panhandler because it was "her turn to use that corner" - all of this happening in front of a ton of tourists, welcome to philadelphia!
we had a fun thread about this on the philly sub the other day - we sure do love our virtue signaling!
swear to god I'm never leaving Philadelphia again
absolutely stunning, brings back memories of being up there - thanks for sharing
it just warms my heart that two of my reddit pals are now pals themselves!
well yeah as a German you should be embarrassed about anything related to politics
