I was planning to go for it, even if it was censored. I did not knew it has been turned into a shadow/caricature. Maybe will not go for it now :(  Thanks for making this post.  Pahlaj n co needs to kicked in the ribs. Them trying to bring back cultural values from Ramayan times is as idiotic as it gets.   &gt; 'This break has been strategically placed to enhance your movie watching experience'  Honestly? This takes the cake (from the reg bakery ofc.. None of that overpriced food from pvr)  As if those subtitles, the SMOKING KILLS, and the insensitive aka dumb movie viewers with their cellphones and kids and chit chats were not enough already.   Movie viewing in India is becoming a mission these days.
Friend always says simply this about WCD - Seedbox city and the ratio whoring.  Everytime the picks come up, people are salivating more about ratio building than ENJOYING music.
&gt; I meant to reply to the people who were saying it's very difficult to get a good ratio  I am one of those persons.
When an iphone lover's beloved device couldn't capture details and my phone, which was 1/3 of what he paid for, produced the snapshot with the required details.. :)  Ofc the rooting, custom ROMs, and the launcher + set preferred default apps made things sweet on many occasions.
Havent seen these two.  He was there in The Ghost and the Darkness, and other movies like City Of Joy, and AROHAN too.
I near about choked on my own laughter :D
&gt;My ratio is 0.007  You did well James. Now you should seek something like AR/TSH/Scc (despite the latter having a horrible staff)  I am hoping you ll do well on these trackers. Just don't let ur frustration make u drift towards the likes of ipt and its evil+shitty+scamming 5 sister trackers.
Looking for a non chinese OEM device.
Reminds me of the step water reservoirs constructed by aztecs or mayas.. or was it the incas..  Long time since that documentary, but this pic reminded me a lot about that feat.
S7 is one of the best devices out there. I do not advocate the edge variant as it is still a gimmick for me.  At this point in time, reports have suggested a 20% mark up in the pricing of Samsung S8 phones, so that is concerning. Add to it the news about the screens being bigger (some say that the screen to body size ratio will be bigger). I too am aiming for the S7, just waiting for some official news abt the S8. They maybe doing away with the 3.5 mm jack, which really would be a pathetic move. S7 at a discounted price is seemingly the best possible deal to rough out another few yrs till these manufacturers get some sense in their billion dollar offices that big screens and copying some idiotic 'courageous' move is not the way to keep 'innovating'.  If I had a sale going on near my place, where the S7 was being offered for $400.. I would have snagged it in a jiffy. :)
better post this as a standalone reply. I am not subscribed to Jio bband.
*binge watched
I was startled to see how close the dog's eyes resembled [these!](http://i.imgur.com/VRKn2sv.jpg)
I was saying that to u/joeanthony
From a 4.5 inched device to 5.5.. :|  Edit: Specced
&gt;I personally enjoy having hands  Who'd have guessed that.
&gt; xcover 4  Didn't even knew about this one. Thanks for the heads up. I too will keep an eye on this one. :)  I got no charm for Quad/full/hd screen. Just something which ll bring out a decent display, combined with flagship proccy or if I have to compromise, an SD 650-652 will be workable. But yeah, the camera is a top priority. That has to be impressive.
&gt; I've been using PocketCast on Android and even bought the desktop version this year, still happy with both.  How is it compared with podcast addict?
&gt; advanced features of Podcast Addict  Like?  I have recently purchased Pocket Casts, and am trying to get as much info about pod casts as possible.
joining DT has been massively difficult iinm. They made the entry only possible after a donation long time ago.
Fabulous news! :)  Thank u for sharing this. I am a huge fan of Noir genre, and this game really delighted me. Hopefully, u guys will attain more success and fame. Cheers mate!
Thanks for the inputs man. Appreciate it :)
Thanks for the insight ☺
&gt;When I commented in the annoucement thread how they were using that as a excuse to ask for some money and how I had torrents from 2011 (I mainly download music there) I was outright banned for hit&amp;run and lies   Oh wow.. They pulled an ipt on you. Didnt knew that they been inspired by the scum tracker Inc in more ways than one.   I tried to get in there, but after they refused assistance to a friend whose country had recently been included in the banned list.. I stopped respecting them. The friend had been a member for 3+ yrs iirc , and had no rule violation against his account. And it was a system glitch due to which his account had been disabled.
Thanks mate.. Much appreciated. :)
Yeah, I know about that. And my suggestion was just for the case of the guy getting a new device in the near future, and/or had the means to play it on another device.
Waiting for Xperia XZ1 Compact.  Still use my Moto G2.
&gt; Join is probably the best purchase I have made since Nova Launcher.  That is high praise for the Join app indeed. I recently got the app, and I am mighty impressed as well.
Too much science in the post itself.. much catching up to achieve!  But Thank u for the link! (https://www.foundmyfitness.com/vitamin-d)
Perks of being a mallflower..
Found it to be pretty good. Stuff like this keeps my phone interesting during wait times.
Really thankful to the dev (would leave a feedback in due course of time), and in the same breath and sentence would like to say that I feel like kicking the butt with red flaming hot iron boots of those assclowns who just do not have the basic manners to at least mention the codes they have taken up.  I took the top most code in the below mentioned list. The other codes following it ofc are used up.  28NLUELAY6QAGEHFTPYJ4PB  FYN8VMW65LSRYNRZ4W753CB  HN5LHCBGXP7VVA3ADJDF0EN  D9Y45D19K54STZUPDH0RCFR  SZ10S2088VSZ764UJPB8R1T  LN1S8GCYMV7AWMLEYB8USU7  MTSVKH1P4WVC1PJH78CY4SB  MQCEK1FPEUKE1L3YYJV7V27  629KX2CYBF2DVHGBSBCRVTU  669S56JG4CUJYSDRNL8L1N6  FDJ16RNFCHJBAK75K7FGZYG  GFU6PUY6E8QK6JBHS3UCKG2  89EKY8R8WQWWZTAV6F9CNTF  LBKXC4X24DEXAVYKZLRMR21  Z7C0YQGNCBGJY7E5X6V70ZQ
Horrible stuff that was meted out to you. Glad that you got it all behind now.
Ab kya batayein ~~mausi~~ mamu.. Apna toh dil hi kuch aisa hai..
Well, I purchased it a few months back.. have the bragging rights that I was there as a legit user before TOI company ruined it (still expecting that to not happen somehow)
The owner def has had kids.
I got reminded of the windows screensavers somewhat :)
Vlc has been doing good of late. Personally speaking, I have not updated the Mx Player pro app ever since TNN took over.
Your brother seems to be okay.
Hitman GO was Rs 20 in India a while back. Second yr in a row that the game went on sale for that price.
They must be *enforcing* the 'no triple riding' + 'no driving without helmet' rule. Maybe even punishing them for jumping the signal.   As an Indian, I can tell that we do have utter idiots.. Esp the two wheelers who go about jeopardizing not only theirs, but the lives of others as well just cuz they do not give a fuck to anything rules. They drive in the wrong lane, without side view mirrors, do not indicate before making a turn, will drive with high beams all the time, overtake from the wrong side, block the free lane etc.   Police/traffic police too are a part of the problem. They gen do not enforce the rules regularly, nor do they do it strictly. They themselves are out of uniform many a times and are found to be violating the rules as well. They only put their backs into it when the public and govt in general feel that the violations have exceeded the tolerable limit and the police people are issued certain 'targets' which they have to meet in a given time.   The govt would simply state the reason for lax rule enforcement being due to lack of funds, but in reality, they are just lining their own pockets and gobbling up good amount of the funds.
I am planning to get into one.. Over parking issues.  Anybody got any tips?  1) not using their garages to park their cars.   2) parking outside the marked lines/diagonally  3) letting outsiders/relatives park in the reserved parking areas meant for the other neighbours' cars.
Toothless resident welfare association + indifferent local authorities towards the plight of citizens like me :(
Sorry to hear abt your decision to sell the condo.. I now know that I am not alone in facing this predicament. :|
A hornet landed on me and I crushed it within the minute. Never wanted to fan its confusion that I was a pin cushion.
I would have been praying under my breath: Don't you dare take a dump on me hand you lil bird..
I had purchased the flamingo s/w way back in Jan. So I got that covered up. Just wanted to read up on that thread/post for more information.
South America as well. I remember Chile passing a real badass law supporting NN.
Quite honestly, I do not mind it one bit. It will make me more careful the next time on.  I have been using a Grammarly on my desktop and that has pointed out a few mistakes I used to commit. One of em is the missing hyphen and I have become more conscious of using it more often. Since I do not have it on my phone, the unnecessary usage slipped in undetected.  Instead of feeling annoyed, it is a good thing that somebody did for me what Grammarly has been doing on the desktop. In the end, I get to improve my language and that too by an anonymous person.
And I have already mentioned how it is all about the person's mental set up. I have bumped into people who happily make the acknowledgment and do not mind it at all. I understand that there maybe issues like non native speakers (I am too), and other issues pertaining to medical problems, and that is the reason that my post was pretty much devoid of any sarcasm.  I am fine with pointing issues to make OP/random fellow notice. If a person is too rigid and thinks it is for any other motive, I am prepared to clarify things.
