I just got my wisdom teeth out, talk about a tooth ache
When I'm playing in beer leagues I've used a halfie since I turned 18, playing college I obviously half to use a cage
Breakaway off the draw, deke left go right. Empty net and the puck rolled off my stick ;_; #neverforget
i got all 4 out on tuesday, my face is still 3x what it should be
From keys and skins ive spent well over $1000, hell ive done $1000 in bets alone
I average about 20 :( fuck TWC
I've had a rival 300 for a bit now and it's not too bad in terms of wear. Only thing I don't like is how it feels when I sweat
i havent found anything yet that doesnt get that sweaty feel other than the shitty mouse that came with my prebuilt a few years ago. since i was too cheap to buy a nice mouse until recently i used that until eventually the scroll wheel broke. Ive heard good things about the razer taipan though
i was playing h1z1 the other day and tried to pull down on the AK ;_;
It was when my dad ran with the mafia in Utica, he's 56
I've spent at least $200 on keys, best thing I got was a ST kill confirmed. I bought my knife for $200 as well. It's cheaper that way
Are you my dad? He fucking loves that shit
my dad is obsessed with that shit since he started a diet, which lost him 30lbs, but i dont believe that its due to some stupid salt
I didn't buy them, I bet and traded up to them :p
I opened FN stat trak retribution. Probably my favorite skin after my marble fade M9
Ditto, I miss the FN ST bullet rain I lost in a bet
I am also interested in the demo
Thanks for the giveaway :)
LOL this kid following you PM'd me and said "you're the one who has issues silver"
I don't know, as a right hand dominant person and shooter. Never had any issues with stick handling. I've always had pretty slick hands and a nice shot
Lol this just reminded me of the old racist guy who's a regular at my dealership, he comes in the day after that happened and goes "I don't see these BLM fuckers protesting about harambe" then went on to tell the story of how he got back from Vietnam and his wife was fat so be divorced her
its a corvette dealer, he comes in and buys a new vette every 2-3 years and is always stopping in to look at new inventory
he is indeed quite racist. The other day he was telling a story from vietnam and a black dude came in and interrupted him to ask me a question about buying a car and the look on his face was priceless
I've got mine around 300whp with a 2.8" pulley, injectors, valves and a good tune. The LSJ is just as easy to pull power out of as its big brother
18 y/o male with a corvette here, I pay $180 a month
True, I'll sell you my cobalt for $7k ;)
Yup, my brother is a firefighter/EMT and he saved a woman's life with CPR, he's also 6'3" 260lbs so you can imagine what happened to her ribs. She sent our family flowers and a $200 gift card to a local Japanese steak house to show her appreciation
Rochester, NY. Topped out around 98 today. I wanted to die.
sorry mang am a kniev whore
ahh i was playing hockey :/ im def down to play in the future though
I was about to point out that you were young if you were 15 in 2011 but I realized I was 15 then too. And now I feel like an ass and I should get out more
fair enough, i dont watch much tv. i usually just visit a couple sites
Same thing with my corvette, as soon as I hit the gas the interior rattles apart. But it's cool, weight reduction bro
thats funny as fuck. i always said if i got a little diesel VW id do an EGR delete and put a stack from the turbo out the hood and just roll coal everywhere
tru, i get 17.1 in my vette, and thats with a blower on it so its not terrible but i do get a lot of smiles per gallon
Oh no this idiot is in my city ;_;
lol that doesn't mean shit man. I scored a 88 on my asvab and I'm leaving for the air force in a few weeks. You can still go to college after you get out, and then it's free. I don't think you're really as smart as you think
Well let me give you a tip man, if you start out with "I'm too smart for...." you're going to come off as cocky and conceited. Dial it down a notch, be humble. Accept that at this point in your life you are nothing and you have nothing. The best course of action right now would be to join the military get free housing and food and try to get a job that interests you or could give you experience for the future. I joined the Air Force and specifically got a chance to go to Indoc for pararescue. This is going to help my future in that if I wanted to be a civilian EMT/ALS I'd have experience or if I wanted to be a LEO they love SF guys
Fuck I've been driving stick my whole life and I still refuse to put a stage 4 clutch in my vette for this reason
You never know man, my buddies monitor died one day and he didn't think it was in warranty so he gave it to me. I called up acer and sure enough there was a 3 year warranty on it. Completed the RMA paperwork, boxed it up and had a fresh new monitor 2 weeks later
I'm sitting at about 630whp right now. After my winter upgrades are done I'm looking to be sitting at 700 which is right at the limits of a stage 3 clutch. As she sits now I can comfortably daily the car and not have issues with my leg hurting unless I aggravate my knee injury again
Yea ditto. Mine got here in 1905 according to Ellis island. I hate when people try to say that shit to me
He had already bought a new one and told me I could keep it, it was the last monitor he hadn't upgraded to 144hz
I dunno man my car has never asked me for ear scratches, do you think it's broken?
Ditto, the last month I've only played ESEA, just played mm to keep my rank last night and not a single person talked except to flame me when I lost a 1v4. Never going back to mm lol
My 6.0L V8 LS2 corvette with 800hp disagrees with you
Exactly, and I was at 20+ kills while they were all at like 10-11
Ditto, also At c-. Everyone's just cooler in ESEA. Hardly ever meet toxic people
Oh I know, I've had 2 toxic kids in my past 30 pugs and they were exactly as you describe, except instead of kicking them the left on their own
My old man has had me hooked on the dirty ski from the time I could walk, never stood a chance
