Apparently [Mexicans](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelada). I see billboards for Clamato and [Bud Light]( http://www.budlight.com/our-beers/chelada.html) in San Diego all the time. Makes me want to vomit.
My brother loves them. But he also lives out in the woods by himself.
Ah, OK. Yeah. Definitely was a brass monkey fan back in the day. Never did it with a regular beer. Of course we used to drink the 64 ounce bottles of OE back when they made them.   It hard to convince my wife to get some 40s and OJ for a relaxing Friday night of bad life choices.
I'm naming my next dog Mr Jefferson.
I had some issues with a older version and I was just looking to try it again for my new job. We are all windows though. I found mouse without borders to be super clean for windows (made by MS). But obviously won't work on Linux.
Well I wear a cape to work. But that's just because it matches my batman lunch box.
[Montezuma's Revenge](http://gomexico.about.com/od/healthandsafety/ht/montezu_revenge.htm) from Mexico feeds the fear. Everyone in the US knows someone who's gotten sick visiting Mexico. But I've been told by locals not to drink the tap water in Naples and South Korea.
The entire system here is fucked up. And everyone admits it but refuses to fix it. For my sons birth we saw the cost breakdown: 86k for the birth and another 50k for the child "birth" services, "negotiated" down to 9k and 4k respectively. And we had a total of 250 in copay (which wasn't bad in my opinion). I just had a cyst removed and was talking to the surgeon about it and he admitted the paperwork was all for show to make you feel you got a good deal. The entire fee structure is already prenegotiated and completely hidden from the consumer.
Sorry, I'm in the middle of work proposal hell. Got caught up.   Patient. He didn't use consumer.
&gt;Doesn't happen to the same degree, now does it ?  No clue. I guess I could figure out a way to look for word references across all subreddits and then figure out user nationality, and then do some calculations based on population.   Or not. I don't get annoyed when others bring up their local point of view during conversation but I can see how the one-upper side of things can get annoying. My colleague sitting next to me keeps telling me about his last job, but he's trying to relate. But I do keep talking shit to him about it.   Something something on mobile can't type coherent sentences.
I still laugh when people say balls. I'm 38. Did it in a meeting today.
&gt;I asked where her 'favourite country' is located because after all if that’s true, she should know that.  Is this how you make friends? Why would you do this, unless you're trying to be a jerk?  &gt;He was an old guy from the southern states, I assume because he wore a cowboy hat. Maybe he just searched for a reason to shit on Europeans, I don't know.  There's more to the story you're leaving out. I worked for the military for 15 years (was not in the military) and saluting has very strict etiquette: civilians don't salute ever (you would get a lecture for doing it, especially on base), there is a proper form. Doing it wrong is more insulting than not doing it. And some old dude from the south is going to have a hard on for military tradition and would know this. (Although cowboy hat implies Texas or Oklahoma or more Midwest farming state versus the south). I'm willing to bet you were mocking the USA or the military or something or pretending to salute and got caught. And some old crotchety dude lectured you on it. These old military types haunt these museum ships and can get their feathers rustled easily.
&gt;You don't have to act like the tough internet warrior in defence of your countrymen. I wouldn't defend dick-ish behaviour of my fellow countrymen either.  I just have a low sensitivity to bullshit. I read this sub because I, too, find some shit Americans say funny. I live it over here. It gets cringy at times. I don't defend the idiots, they are free to hang themselves on the rope of public  opinion. Which some do frequently and without shame. I do have issues with people calling out Americans for shit that everyone else seems to do as well, though.    &gt;So anyway, if I insulted you somehow anyway, I’m sorry okay.  Not insulted in any way shape or form. But enjoy arguing and I don't mind being wrong. In fact I like being wrong because then I learned something. .  &gt;...can we hug now?  Of course. I give great hugs. I'm 6-3 and cuddly. I'd probably buy you a beer if you came to San Diego.
My wife and I went to Italy. I arranged all the hotels and let them know we were on our honeymoon. We got some room upgrades and usually a gift basket with wine and snacks. I'm sure other places in the world do it.
I was having arm pain for years and he couldn't figure out why. Finally diagnosed me with phantom limb syndrome (when amputees feel pain in an amputated limb). Problem is I had my arm. His intern helped me out one day when he was too busy to see me, with the correct diagnosis (thoracic outlet syndrome).
Yeah, I would say most of the people that I know that have guns are worried about it. I worked in the defense industry for many years, so I expected that element to be fairly common place, but I recently left the industry and I was surprised it wasn't any different outside of DoD. My two coworkers who sit on either side of me at work were talking over me about their guns and the need to be prepared. I asked them if they were really concerned about massive rioting and looting and they looked at me as if I was the crazy one. The thing is is that these aren't otherwise crazy looking people. they don't dress in fatigues or are they poorly educated or super religious. Otherwise normal people with a fear of the collapse. Growing up in the PacNW of the States people had guns more for the hunting aspects. Here in San Diego, no one hunts.
My dad hid it for years...and then suddenly right around my 2nd year of college his alcoholism took a bad turn. He was now drunk around everyone all the time. I was the baby of the family so he didn't really screw us kids up too bad (except one brother). But looking back you can see that weirdness of his behavior. He was very antisocial, always had an excuse as to why he couldn't attend a function. Never interacted with my friends parents. Never went on vacation with us. When he started to get bad, we eventually found out he had a crack addiction, too. He was spending something along of the lines of 20k a year on crack and alcohol. He lost his company, went to rehab twice, and then made some bad life choices while apparently sober. This led to a falling out with my brother, and then my father bought a gun and ended his life on the side of the road in a grungy part of town. About 2 days before my birthday. So, I have no relationship with him, don't miss him, don't hate him. My mom is severely screwed up over the whole thing, and my oldest brother can't let it go.
It's to prevent [this](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-XQRow41nGtw/UAMxSTz3HcI/AAAAAAAAAW0/463fT4Edan8/s1600/sweaty+shirt.jpg). I wear a v-neck if not wearing a tie so the neck line isn't showing. But it protects the shirt.   You don't wear a belt khakis? Not wearing a belt with pants looks silly. Who does that?
I've been in plenty of meetings where the presenter is sweating through their clothes. Problem solved with an undershirt.
When I was 24 I started sleeping with my 45 year old coworker. It was fantastic. Plus, my mom is almost 70.
&gt;The US has never got over probation.  I know! I'm still mad at my mom for that. We also haven't gotten over prohibition either.
Pizza is such a funny thing and, for whatever reason, will probably be the start of the next war. And people have such misconceptions of it. I used to work with a girl here in San Diego whose parents moved from Naples and the father has made a living making Pizzas in New Jersey (where she grew up). She "knew" pizza. So one day I took her to a place in town that specializes in Neapolitan style pizza and she looked at in in disgust. This just wasn't pizza, real Neapolitan pizza is 18 inches across, covered in cheese, pepperoni, etc. I told her that that would be NY style. Pizza in Italy was much different. She wouldn't have it. Her dad was Italian, and that's just the way it is. So I took her a while later to a NY style place in town, and yeah, this place was authentic. It was the real deal. Made by real Italians. (Or fake New Yorkers complete with shitty attitude). Around this sub " American " style is Papa Johns or Dominos or some other abomination of pizza.  It's just sad that is what is considered "American" and I, too, would doubt Americans ability to build a good pizza if that was the representative example. I don't agree that the only good pizza is authentic Italian (authentic Neapolitan if you want to get specific). Look at wine, it didn't originate in Italy or France, but would anyone doubt that either produce some of the best wine in the world? Not that I'm saying the USA  produces the best pizza, that's just crazy talk.  But I am saying that the point of origin doesn't suddenly make it the best in the world. And who considers or decides this? If you grew up eating a dish made a certain way thats just what your preference becomes.  Doesn't make anything better or worse. Italians think our pizza is crap, and why wouldn't they? Some Americans think real authentic Neapolitan style pizza is crap, of course they would, they've never had it made that way. But at the end of the day, it becomes pointless to argue over who is right because you might as well be arguing over what color is best or which number or what car.
I was somewhere in the South with some coworkers and we came across a Jefferson Davis statue and I made a snarky comment about where the Timothy McVeigh statue was. I was asked why and I said, oh, I thought we were celebrating Americans who killed other Americans because they didn't like the government. I didn't make many friends on that trip.
Some of my best friends are 3000 miles away. Email and phone work wonders.
Found the western Washingtonian. And not the peninsula type either.
I didn't realize I had one until I moved to California. [Good times](https://en.m.wikipedia.org/?title=Pacific_Northwest_English)
I don't think Joseph Smith had any link to manifest destiny. He never even made it out to Utah. To be quite honest he really isn't studied by anyone except Mormons. The history of that church is certainly a unique American quirk. Utah in general is a bit of a freak show in my opinion, the church runs that state.   All I really know about mormons (and I lived with a Mormon family for a while) is that they don't drink caffeine or  alcohol, don't swear, are preparing for doomsday, super over the top nice, and wear holy undergarments.
I'm wearing some right now. Only place that seems to fit me.
I've been with a couple of not very smart women. Well, you could also make the argument that a smart women wouldn't want to be with me.
Yes. Never saw the point of gun control. Then my father offed himself after a fight with my brother. Bought a gun, waited the 7 days, and then did the deed. Mental health checks mandatory and on a regular basis as part of a more robust licensing scheme should be required.
I had a client in Charleston and used to go there a lot. My experience is the exact opposite. I couldn't believe the amount of racism that existed and was out in the open.
I actually really like Charleston, I considered moving there, but I couldn't get past the racism as well as some of the other quirks of the south. Really nice place to visit, though. Great food.
I just found out my mom thinks that we lived with dinosaurs. It wasn't from a religious point of view, but no amount of internet evidence would sway her. We fought dinosaurs and that's just the way it is.
&gt;Has anyone else noticed how unbearable americans have gotten since yesterday?   No, I haven't. What I have noticed is that my gay friends and family now are closer to equal rights within this country and its something to celebrate. Something that the rest of the world has been wrestling with. The USA is now in the minority of countries that allow gay marriage. We should be proud of that. And you should be celebrating it, too.
They only sell the big cans here and I've never seen anyone drink it after college. I've always heard that the stuff shipped or made here was a different recipe from the AUS stuff. But I also heard some bad things about Richard Gere and gerbils.
I need to make it out to Croatia. The travel advertisements make it look so nice. And I do like beer, even shitty beer.   But I hear you, there are some very vocal Americans boasting about all sorts of shit. Whether they are the minority here is up for debate. I'm just desensitized to it all.
Well, crap, that sold it. I don't even like fish but that video sold me. My wife and I watched it while we had breakfast and afterwards she said "well, when are we going?"
Yeah I'm sure he could have done an entire season on Croatia. There is only so much you can cover in 45 minutes.  I'll definitely hit you up once we get things figured out. Although its gonna be a year or so. Have another couple of vacations planned already. But it just moved way up on the list.
I went on a little DDD tour while on the east coast once. Well, I went to three in one day. None were amazing. All were decent. I wouldn't go back to any of them.
It wasn't really sleep walking since I was strapped into a airplane seat. But I tend to sleep walk when I'm overly tired and/or stressed out. Anyway, I was coming back from 2 week work trip overseas and I was exhausted when I got on the plane over the ocean. I was upgraded to business and had a couple glasses of wine, and kind of passed out halfway through the 2nd glass. I usually have the same dream when I sleep walk and it involves me choking. When I'm at home I usually wake-up in the bathroom. This time I was seat belted into the chair, and started flailing my arms around and kind of mumbling something. While flailing my arms about I launched my wine glass off the armrest drink holder dumping it all over me. The sudden wetness woke me up and the first thing I see is the man sitting next to me with a look of panic and fear. He eventually asked me if I was ok, and I mumbled yes and cleaned myself up as best I could and tried to go back to sleep.  When I sleep walk I am partially aware of what's going on but with a much altered state of reality. It really sucks.
I'm more of a Tapatio guy myself. Or sometimes, I might use Sriracha. And if I'm feeling bold...I might put that Sriracha on tacos. Whoa! Seat belt required for this guy.
Well, I just googled "make your own hot sauce" and the first three were all from scratch. I didn't go further than that. But now I want to make my own.   So not sure why he was getting results on mixing other hot sauces.
I've never seen Mississippi spelled how it's pronounced by a local.
I'm sorry, I'm lactose intolerant.
Jokes on him, I live in my parents basement
When I was 25 I was "dating" a 44 year old woman. And by dating I mean she would call me when she was drunk. She did not want to be seen in public with me.
Your mom didn't think so, although I tried to avoid being seen with that hag.
I grew up eating what I thought was real Mexican food in the PacNW and never really got the appeal. It was good, but not great. And then I moved to San Diego which has great Mexican food, and I live 15 minutes from the even better stuff.   Crazy enough I was in the middle of Nebraska and found a Mexican restaurant that wasn't half bad. Virginia, I have come to find out, is a Mexican food black hole.
When I went to Rome and tried to see this, there was a line of people and the people who ran the place didn't seem to care about people getting behind the rope.
Oh man, I am so bad with blood and needles, and the sort. Both my kids were born via c-section. The first my wife had a hemorrhage which caused massive bleeding. So I didn't know this at the time, but I had to leave the room with the just delivered baby, so I had to walk around the curtain only to see my wife cut open and parts of her body on the table as they try to stop the bleeding. I made it out of the room, but it was close. Baby #2 had zero issues like that but after they made the cut the Dr says over curtain "OK dad get the camera going we are about ready here" . Oh my worst nightmare is being relived. So now I have a bunch of pictures on my camera of my baby being pushed and pulled out of a c-section incision. Again didn't pass out, but I was definitely on auto-pilot.   So much blood.
