As a solo laner he was rarely picked, I think cyclone was an exception. Rest of the times I think he was picked for support?
For months I was like "NO LIMITED GOD PACK BUT I NO HAVE MONEY NOW IT'S GONNA BE GONE NOOO"   Its still around.
Ah that game. I watched it at least 5 times cause the game was so good and a great advert for the SMITE pro scene.  Though in the late game of game 2 I recall Ninjabobat just somehow missing Aquila taking FG when he was right outside the lair with his ultimate up, arguably the play that cost them the whole game. Wouldn't exactly say he carried them, though he did alright before that, if you were referring to that then I do agree.
Not much, just saying. Like I seen a lot of people here mistake the Summer of Smite earning a huge figure alone, thought I could clear a few things up.
Qin Sai's is still very good for Kali. Warrior boots, qins, exe/ichaival, lifesteal option/exe, lifesteal option/fatalis(fatalis if you already picked a lifesteal option) and for 6th situational. Usually at this point if I'm dying a lot to cc I'd get magis,if not I'll go full glass cannon and pick whatever I listed as options that I didn't pick.   Usually I end up with Warrior, Qins, Executioner, Blood forge, fatalis and magis
Create a smurf with him to teach him the basics, and once you think he is ready bring on harsh reality on him, and he'll improve enough for the REAL HARSH WORLLLDDD.
Halved. Really it depends on how much you play. I play at least 2 games a day since day one of the season ticket release and I have 4.5k now
I have tons of fun. Played for 6 months and for a while, yeah I got burnt out a bit. Then I started mastery whoring. It is a good thing, mastery whoring made me play a lot of different gods and learn about their combos, my game stepped up by a notch. I learnt how to counter gods and I had a lot fun since.   Switch around your playing habits, maybe try new modes and learning their mechanics, or even try new gods, trust me it's very fun.
Didn't play much mortal kombat lately but yeah, that's the gist of it. Save time on creating new God models and just give them an alternative kit instead with trade offs like what you said.
Well when I find a new game and like it I'd check it's forums out, and Reddit has been Smite's biggest community forum(?) so I'd imagine many new players will come over.   New player comes and first thing he sees is "ravana bad" "pls twitch numbers" "DAE Blizzard more popular than HiRez?" "ravana bad:electric boogaloo"  Yeah I'm probably cherrypicking but you get the point, we are not getting any new players like this. They'll be scared off.
I do believe Crits isn't necessary on Vamana. To make use of his passive you would eat to build really tanky, and heavier on the phys defence department. But then again I don't play much Vamana anymore so take that with a grain of salt.
/u/doarcalin has my vote if I get to, that is if the sizing of the logos makes the whole thing look less cramped.
Oh it will happen. Just imagine this: One account nets 50 gems a week. Each account nets 400 gem skins every 2 months. So if you want 10 400 gems skins, you make 10 accounts and go through the effort so you could get 70 dollars total in value. It's totally worth it for me.  Personally I used to imagine HiRez splitting free gems and bought gems into two different pools so they can't be combined, so if you buy a skin from the free gems pool it's locked to your account. It may work but backlash will definitely ensue.
We cannot use those servers. We need a Chinese ID to use it and therfore we play with 300 ping using the NA/EU servers.
I'm an uninformed idiot then
HEY, HEY, JUNGLERS THAT I PLAYED WITH! YES, YOU!  IF YOU REFUSE TO ROTATE TO MY LANE WHEN MY BUFF SPAWNS, DON'T EXPECT ME TO JUST LEAVE THE CAMP ALONE WHILE MY OPPONENT GETS HIS SHINY BLUE BELT, I'M DEFINITELY NOT GOING TO GET OUTDONE AND OUTPUSHED SINCE HE CAN JUST SPAM HIS ABILITIES, FUCK YOUR XP SHARING.  ALSO THOR, IT IS NOT RAVANA'S FAULT THAT YOU ARE 3/10, HE MAY BE "BROKEN", BUT HEY, YOU ARE PLAYING THOR FOR FUCKS SAKE. ALSO IF YOU ULT INTO A TEAM HALF A MAP AWAY, I'M NOT PLAYING JANUS YOU TWAT, I CAN'T TELEPORT TO YOU, SO STOP SPAMMING HELP.  AND LASTLY TO WHOEVER THE FUCK THAT USES "VVGG" AFTER A BAD FIGHT, GO FUCK YOURSELF. "OH LOOK, I'M USING VVGG, MY NEGATIVITY WILL SURELY SPUR MY TEAM ON TO VICTORY!" FUCK OFF, YOU AREN'T HELPING BY ACTING SMART AND ALMIGHTY.
Last time I did something like this I did cover the whole tourney, so yes, you would probably see it again unless my time is very limited.
It is fun but for me it lacks depth, although I enjoyed the game I can't find a reason to replay the game. I plan to return to it in a month or two so I get to feel something fresh.
Idk man. The last time I saw you you said [this] (https://www.reddit.com/r/Smite/comments/3z0ycl/next_smite_god_is_female/cyibysk) so really I can't take you seriously on things like dm anymore.
Oh God. It's right there in my spreadsheet and I missed it.
I looked at Enemy Vs Avant Garde and thought, "Avant Garde is undefeated in OCE they may turn out good".   I looked at Enemy Vs Fnatic and thought "Fnatic takes this, NME can't be this good"   I looked at Enemy Vs Paradigm and thought "PDG takes this ez"   Don't ask me on stuff like these anymore lol.
I think I found an error in my "data grinder" file for the C9 vs Epsilon match up. That is probably the source of all issues found with some gods. Will have to remake some parts later. Thanks for pointing out.
Played support for a long day, decided I have to stop support. Then they gave me Khepri VP after Obsidian Shard Ymir yesterday. God dammit HiRez. ^^Sweet ^^free ^^stuffs ^^tho
Very relevant flair. Also considering I was laying Geb Shields all day today. Guess I should embrace the hugbug then, I'm sure he'll hug me back ^intohisteamandkillme
Played like three times throughout worlds. Could be wrong but from the tip of my head that's the number.
KanyeLife made me play Ares, then since I got used to the role so I went on to play every single support in the game. KanyeLife made me embrace the SupportLife.
If someone spews unhelpful, demotivating things, I mute and move on. I personally put that as the NO. 1 way to improve your experience in Smite. Unless of course he actually saws helpful things like enemy missing etc, then you just have to deal with the toxicity he brings with it. But if he literally doesn't use the chat or VGS to help the team but to BM instead, mute the guy, no questions asked.
Was my first one and I hated "support" since playing him. Every other support gets my love though.
WHAT A TWIST.   Will miss Incon dearly though. But maybe his new position in mid isn't suiting him as well as he should?   I was also very anticipated for 0megas new "dream team", wonder if this was his plan all along.
Incon was behind Lassiz for quite a long time before his recent surge in viewers. I may be mistaken.
Won't say that playing against Loki isn't boring like OP said. But I find myself LOVING to face Lokis nowadays cause I playing against him gets really easy once you learned how to. He becomes a one trick pony most of the time when you know what you are doing imo. Not the same thing can be said about other players however.
Counter building not being fun is definitely more of a personal problem than a problem with the game. Personally it is satisfying to see Loki struggling to pull off anything relevant just because I built an item or two against him while I myself continue to be able to do damage.   I'd imagine many agreeing with you and an equal amount of people agreeing with me too.
Yeah just poor phrasing from me initially.
Can't wait for the new wave of "X God is OP" post train for a week before many of them realize how wrong they are.   Its OK though, I was in the same train as you for months. It took me a while after I hit level 30 that Cupid gets countered way too easily.
Sweet. Played DotA for like 4 hours of my life but I'll always remember Dragon Knight's ultimate, it was super appealing to a newbie. Happy to see Fafnir get something similar.
Can't vote for some reason.  I find it funny that everyone claims to hate support the least/main support yet barely anyone ever really wants to play support in my games.
So I wanted to start off by saying, I think the development team has done a pretty great job with the cast of female gods in Smite. They are diverse, interesting, and compelling. From Medusa to Scylla to Aphrodite the female cast reflects a large spectrum of personalities and player fantasies.  With that being said, lets talk about Jing Wei. From a marketing standpoint, she's the star of the show. She's a great god. When we look at the way she's portrayed in promotional media, lore, and art in game we know a few things about her.. She's Fast. She's Silly. She's Kind. She's a good Friend. Her body seems to be comprised of about 95% bird.  Then out of seemingly no where we have this pose: http://imgur.com/TuEihNd  WHAT? What about this pose has anything to do with the character you're building in Jing Wei? It's not fun, its not silly, it has nothing to do with being a fast elite killer. It just reduces Jing Wei to another bland female sex symbol.  We aren't looking at an Aphrodite pose here, this isn't a character who is in part defined by flaunting her sexuality. This pose says to the player base, oh we've got all these cool diverse characters, but at any moment we are willing to reduce them to sex symbols to help boost our investment game.  Getting art into a triple A game isn't a small task, it has to go through an implementer, a team lead, an art director, and a creative director. This is a team effort. And I believe the team is responsible for upholding the great example Smite can set to the rest of the industry for creating strong female characters. I have a young daughter that everyday when I wake up wants to watch the recall trailer again. She knows who Jing Wei is, and as she grows up, she can grow up alongside these characters.  What I'm asking is that as you continue to add to the Smite cast and investment elements, you double down on your commitment to create strong female characters. You've been doing a good job so far, but shipping with a Smite pose like this undermines so much of the good you've already done.
Followed him for quite a while for obvious reasons. He streamed SMITE for 15 days straight to test if he was burnt out on the game. He didn't stream for quite a while now so I guess he's probably not coming back.
I remembered hin getting called shit from day 1, but then someone discovered him building power is broken and he got nerfed.
Thanks for being such a driving force behind the Smite esports scene! Your dedication to the cause is admirable.
Well I guess quite a lot of your points are fair,, apart from aesthetic changes and Dominatoon although Domination and all that non sense is subjective, I just felt you quitting due to that is way too ovredue. But from day 1 they made it clear that exclusives from the Odyssey can be obtained later on via different means. The only skins that can't be are limited skins. I remember this very, very clearly because I got into an argument with someone for it and I ended up posting a Screenshot which clearly shows HiRez saying it in the Odyssey page. I'll try to find it.
Read on. He replied. I replied. All good.
*Canadian
Here in SEA this will be the first time I can actually watch SMITE games without staying up at midnight. Bless the Swedes.
Adapting turning around after that first blood. Why did I ever doubt the god.
Goddammit Frezzyy. You left me in my largest panic state since Titan disbanded. I was about to talk about how much I'll miss Ataraxia and PriMe together. Masterful.
On my side I have switched every ability apart from circular/AOE targets to instant and I find my success rate of Ra Snipes and Tyr's blink combo skyrocketing.   On the question of quick casting, I find having the psychological effect of second thinking your instinct with quick casting hurting me. With instant casting I will not have a chance to second think my decisions once I commit, and for me that pays off handsomely. I'll definitely try quick casting once I get past that psychological barrier.
Eh. I don't feel it. When I play support I'll get shit when I play bad and I don't expect to get any less of it when I play any other role. When I play support well I get praises too, mostly in the form of [VVT] and [VER]. Before I got bored of the role I played support pretty well and more often than not my teammates know the work I've done.  I'll just attribute our differences to having different luck of teammates, because really I see equal distribution of blame to everywhere. Keep in mind people who already blames supports for everything are likely to blame everyone else anyway.
Yeah.... I like how Ajax makes gods with new stuff but really, Fafnir and Jing Wei were gods I dreaded playing after the first 2 games, Fafnir to me fits in a very limited amount of team comps, and Jing Wei just didn't feel right to me.   I like Fish's gods, they were pretty fun. If reworked Ravana was his brainchild too then i guess that would be an example of me enjoying Fish's gods. Also I believe he focuses on making the God viable while respecting the lore in his designs, notice how most of his designs end up being very viable in top levels while limiting creative liberty in his kits? Skadi has Kaldr which isn't exactly lore accurate, Amaterasu uses a sword which I heard from people that wasn't her main weapon in lore. But I'm always impressed by how accurately Fish's designs fits the lore of a God (maybe not Ravana).
Heel injury for Hendo i think.
