I don't fit into your chart  I don't fit in anywhere :(
Hell, I screwed my hanging cabinets into the ceiling joists too.
Haven't been to the theatres in a long time.  Was excited for the movie and almost forgot why until that showed up
Jolly Rancher is my favorite daily show pun http://www.tv.com/shows/the-daily-show-with-jon-stewart/jolly-rancher-1664058/
Is this the servicenow bookings/reservation module?  We just went through the same thing with users all over the world signing up reservations at events in every continent.  I had to modify the client script to grab the user's timezone, add that to the GlideAjax that checks for open timeslots, and then modify the script include to adjust the display times for the user's timezone (in relation to the system time), and then adjust again for the venue they had selected.  All times are still stored and worked with in the servicenow system time, but the display looks correct to the user.  This method does fall short if system time zone is -5 for example and the venue is Japan.  Then you can have reservations showing the wrong day.
Love to put some money on elections, but not sure what sites are scams, what's legal, and how the taxes work
I tried that joke and "What year is your birthday?  Every year" last time I had an EMS ride to the hospital.  Nurses got no chill
Yeah a transfer between my coinbase wallets took an hour, which their FAQ says is standard.  Not sure what bitX is but speed isn't how I sell people on bitcoin
I've been told by several barbers/hairstylists that the different barbershops are due to the different hair types and styles between black people and other races.  The time I went to one, they had different products (no hair gel) and said it was weird I was there   Half the time I mention this, someone looks at me like I'm a hyper racist though
Oh shit I didn't think about also firewalling.  Thanks chief
Gotta disagree here.  Buying the equipment, having it so accessible, and saving on commute times took away all my excuses not to do it.  Especially in winter, I know for god damn sure I'm not going out to the gym.    Once I get into a good routine, I might like to join a gym for social aspects.  However my home gym does everything I need for now
I was jogging by the Vegas sign when several groups of people asked me to take pics.  Could have easily run off
I updooted immediately so I would ensure a Doot time for myself
adjusts his shirt down before he gets out lol
Shovel for a neighbor
Autistic?   I am a dynamic figure, often seen scaling walls and crushing ice. I have been known to remodel train stations on my lunch breaks, making them more efficient in the area of heat retention. I translate ethnic slurs for Cuban refugees, I write award-winning operas, I manage time efficiently. Occasionally, I tread water for three days in a row. I woo women with my sensuous and godlike trombone playing, I can pilot bicycles up severe inclines with unflagging speed, and I cook Thirty-Minute Brownies in twenty minutes. I am an expert in stucco, a veteran in love, and an outlaw in Peru. Using only a hoe and a large glass of water, I once single-handedly defended a small village in the Amazon Basin from a horde of ferocious army ants. I play bluegrass cello, I was scouted by the Yankees, I am the subject of numerous documentaries. When I'm bored, I build large suspension bridges in my yard. I enjoy urban hang gliding. On Wednesdays, after work, I repair electrical appliances free of charge. I am an abstract artist, a concrete analyst, and a ruthless bookie. Critics worldwide swoon over my original line of corduroy evening wear. I don't perspire. I am a private citizen, yet I receive fan mail. I have been caller number nine and have won the weekend passes. Last summer I toured New Jersey with a traveling centrifugal-force demonstration. I bat .400. My deft floral arrangements have earned me fame in international botany circles. Children trust me. I can hurl tennis rackets at small moving objects with deadly accuracy. I once read Paradise Lost, Moby Dick, and David Copperfield in one day and still had time to refurbish an entire dining room that evening. I know the exact location of every food item in the supermarket. I have performed several covert operations for the CIA. I sleep once a week; when I do sleep, I sleep in a chair. The laws of physics do not apply to me. I balance, I weave, I dodge, I frolic, and my bills are all paid. On weekends, to let off steam, I participate in full-contact origami. Years ago I discovered the meaning of life but forgot to write it down. I have made extraordinary four course meals using only a mouli and a toaster oven. I breed prizewinning clams. I have won bullfights in San Juan, cliff-diving competitions in Sri Lanka, and spelling bees at the Kremlin. I have played Hamlet, I have performed open-heart surgery, and I have spoken with Elvis.
0  And I'm sure my company would cut me a check for all the savings lol.  When I didn't enroll in their health care do you know how much they gave me for their savings?  $75/month
poor knees :(
Coming to Win10.  I'll have moved to linux by that point though
I was kind of hoping for a screenshot lol  best thing to do (have done) is dry it for at least a day in dry rice.  Having put electricity through the system already, the damage may already be done.  Things can always bounce back, so don't throw it in the trash yet, but I wouldn't want to give you false hope either.  It looks like you've already pulled the panel out.  You should be able to buy a replacement panel online for less than it would cost to repair/replace the whole laptop
&gt; Yep, it is pretty stunning. That's my picture, didn't retouch the colours. I took this in Cavendish.   [I think so too](http://imgur.com/0D69qF1).  That's my picture, retouched the colours.  This is in Cavendish
A month ago it required email and phone verification when I tried to create one
&gt;If you have a VPS, and you need someone to set it up for you, I can offer to set it up for you.  Are there instructions I could use instead?
There's a few ways to run it, but for simplicity and a clean break from windows you'll likely overwrite windows with linux.  If your ballsy, you could grab the linux iso below, use YUMI to make a USB install tool, boot your computer from the USB, and follow the installer prompts.    I'd personally recommend grabbing VMWare player or virtualbox to run ubuntu in windows to make sure you can do everything you need on linux.  You can use the ubuntu iso to install to the virtual machine.  Once your comfortable, you would follow the USB instructions above to do the same install over Windows  I'm happy to help you or anyone with questions and there are a ton of videos on youtube showing the install process too  Ubuntu:  http://www.ubuntu.com/download/desktop  VMWare player  http://www.filehippo.com/download_vmware_player/  YUMI:  http://www.pendrivelinux.com/yumi-multiboot-usb-creator/  Install on VMWare  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rNXLe-uMjiQ
Psh I'll make that back in no time with daytrading.  I've been gettings some good intel from the BTC trollbox
I didn't even the missing words the first time
It's a miracle the blocksize debate, censorship, and mining centralization hasn't tanked the price by now.  I haven't dumped my coins, but I have stopped buying
It's good to be skeptical.  I can vouch for this site personally and professionally.  I've been contacting my friends and family in the LinkedIn dump and so far they all use that password for everything
fuck jesus was my name in high school
In my state, they say the dash cam doesn't activate until they flip their lights on
If you connected to both accounts from the same IP address (your home network is probably pretty unique), they know  If you have a significant amount of friend overlap on both accounts, they know
&gt; The data harvesting offline is the biggest concern. I don't care if they watch me while I use it. That is too be expected. What is scary is the tracking of webpages you read outside facebook. And the ip and location harvesting.  Disconnect can block some webpage tracking, but facebook is everywhere.  Even if you never had an account, they know much of your web history, who your contacts are, who's picture's you're in, where you probably live/work/study, what your interests probably are, and other things you may not expect.  This is all based on data your friends are telling facebook about you  Leaving facebook helps, but the only way to avoid this other tracking is to support privacy laws, make people aware of the issues, and remove facebook revenue streams (your data)
Computer hardware, cracking techniques, and sample password data is so advanced that 16 character passphrases are the new minimum.  If you can remember 4 words, you can ditch the complexity bullshit https://www.xkcd.com/936/   I'm aware of the amount of 5-10 character password combos, I've cracked over a billion of them from leaked website password databases :)
Are you trying to say I've slept with tons of dudes
&gt;  &gt;  &gt;  &gt;  &gt; If it's the latter, I agree that it's unethical. (Being the devil's advocate here) However if it's just them having access to what you do online, it may not necessarily be unethical. Keep in mind that anything you do on the Internet is recorded whether it's by your ISP or the website being used and this information is constantly shared and/or sold. What you search online or what you post online definitely impacts what you see online. &gt;  &gt;  &gt;  &gt; For example I always go Incognito on Google Chrome to do vacation searches. Now Google says this information is not saved by them but then when I go on Facebook I get ads suggesting different destinations and fares and stuff.    This is done with tracking cookies/pixels, Like buttons (even if you don't have a facebook, linkedIn, twitter), and browser fingerprinting.  Some easy steps to start blocking this are installing chrome and firefox extensions:  ublock origin, disconnect,  and https everywhere.
&gt; I really think healthcare is one area where the laws of the free market start to break down  That's exactly why I make an exception in my philosophy for healthcare.  I'm not about the "shop around" for the best price on fixing my cannonball wound.    Right now we've got the worst of both worlds with government mandated crony capitalism.  I think a more free market solution would be somewhat less fucked, but something like single payer is more efficient
I just started to decline to discuss certain things over insecure mediums like SMS.  It gets the point across and they either continue having censored conversations, adopt secure practices, or stop talking over insecure services
Data mining, by nature, goes beyond individual consent.  When you have all those dots and connect them, you find more information about other people.  I specifically have never had a facebook and block them from my browsing in every way, but they still know my face, my contacts, my location, my job, my company, and can deduce my interests based on information shared by my contacts.  I've done my share implementing technical controls in my life to regain privacy, but social and legislative protections are also needed.
This is exactly what office life was like in '99
Doesn't work.  My college bike literally fell apart in the 50 feet they tried to ride it away.  I found a trail of parts that fell off  The other fun part is they hacksawed through the lock, but they only needed to twist one of the numbers one digit
FYI, my reply to you was removed as expected.  Not deleted so anyone would know, just hidden  &gt;Some opinions aren't allowed here. I've had several posts removed that weren't pro-core or pro-1mb or pro-segwit. Even posts that were neutral or implying there's merits to both sides  &gt;It's even been enshrined in the rules here that many of these subjects are banned as altcoin discussion, which is objectively wrong.  &gt;There's supposed to be 4 comments here but I only see 2. I'll be surprised if my post stays up
I've already been examined but I suppose an 86th opinion wouldn't hurt
I've had posts hidden just for saying "I've had posts on /r/bitcoin hidden"
&gt; I've met the most anal inspectors.  I've been to 9 professionals and a dozen amateurs, how about you?
She managed to lose to trump.  I wouldn't know how to do that if I tried
Are port control, SIEMs, or other protections realistically available for home networks?  I know VLANs and firewalls are possible with things like ddwrt and pfsense.  It's been good to learn how the enterprise handles these controls but I still feel like a given home network will not have implemented any security unless they just run off an airgapped DVR system
I run it on a tiny VM that reads from a network share and transcodes full 1080p.  It's a ESXi 6 host on a skullcanyon NUC
Jesus, I wasn't sure where they could go after my 1200  How's the airflow in the bottom section
You're super early in the field which will be tough initially but a massive benefit in the long run.  You can get a leg up with potential employers with the right attitude, knowledge, and projects you've worked on.  You could build a homelab or a raspberry pi project or write a program
Nice, last time I took that gamble on a kitchen appliance in 'used - very good condition', it was all scraped up and 2/3 legs were snapped off
