Austria, Australia, Argentina
if it were highschool i would have a bunch but university not so much
only 2 people on the show are from New Jersey, but pretty much everybody i know hates new jersey...
American here. You hold the fork the left hand especially when using it to hold food when cutting with a knife. Although, when i travel outside my state i sometimes get weird looks for it.
Music. whenever im not thinking about something i have some sort of music in my head, usually symphonies and such but thats my favorite kind of music
I picked a fight with my brother who is 5 years older, because he got me in trouble. Long story short i almost got stabbed...
Being stabbed with a spoon. It has to penetrate 2 inches into me.
Hot chocolate and Mcgriddle sandwiches  breakfast is on me, forever.
hey can i get my bass amp repaired?
nah, its a thing my band friends and i do, see other reply, i honestly could care less about my Karma I'm on reddit for laughs during school.
If my memory serves correctly, Herman was the second big one after GHG, who was popular in the 1910's and early 20's, Herman became Green's "rival" (even though they really never crossed paths) in the late 20's and 30's. Where Green focused and played more xylo stuff, especially rags; Herman was the first American 4 mallet marimba soloist, and he played all kinds of pieces, particularly versions of classical music, and piano music set for Marimba solo over either an orchestra or piano accompaniment. (source: my private lesson teacher who specializes in early percussion)
Drum corps method, that i apply even for concert applications: Play 2 mallet runs/pieces while holding 4 mallets, and dont let the outers touch the board, builds hand strength and keeps outers from messing up a piece
thanks, that really makes sense as the ones i was looking at had marimbas with low pitch more often, for a richer sound.
construction season hasnt ended since my mother was in high school
From my experience the Vic Firth pads have a good bounce that is similar to playing tenors. I have a 12" double sided pad and the soft side is great for tenor practice, while the hard side is very close to the feel of a kevlar snare head.
As far as snare sticks go, im a fan of the Hardimon's for marching snare(great weight, balance, and dont need extra tape) and for concert/drumset i would suggest Buddy Rich's above all others if you can find them, they are larger and heavier than most set sticks so they get better volume. they are also shaped with a tapered shoulder-head section so they wont get caught and give a wider range of sounds, finally they are coated for extra durability.
The only issue of the Vic Firth snare pad is that the soft side is very bouncy compared to many others, although it is still good. I actually use it for tenor practice when i dont have a tenor pad. The Hard side is great, it feels just like a kevlar head.
I pick things up and i put them down
oh also lots of plants, and poop
From my experience, the German speaking countries are pretty good, most people speak english as well as german, and the languages are very similar so you could pick things up just by listening
it depends, my highschool works on a Block schedule, so we have a class only every other day, but we meet for 90 minutes a period. so we do homework like colleges do
You, my friend are the real MVP. Even if there is only one lane, I will try and position myself so there may be enough space for someone else to turn.
Yes. I work in a place where I get lots of phone calls wondering if we have such and such or if we can make a delivery. With older people, and a large variety, a quick good bye can get you a long way.
I would be fine with kenwood as I go there regularly, and it would help to stay away from competition in West Chester/Mason which have been receiving the popular places like Marion's and Canes
That sucks mate, I had something very similar happen to me in fourth grade, where I left a school because of a very similar principal. Hopefully everything's ok now.
What I've found is that hardly anybody in Cincinnati is actually making a stink(aside from my brothers father in law)
Idk if you can get it/ for cheap, but there's a program my school used (they gave students computers) called Dyknow,. They were able to take control of our computers, see whatever we did, shut them down or just watch us, or even play the games we had pulled up for us, without the students knowing. Also they used it for teaching.
These experiences cause me to leave a school, and taught that if you get into a fight, you better damn well be the only one walking away.
I went to an all male Catholic highschool, and technically, the archdiocese says they can't refuse to admit a girl, they can raise tuition to crazy amounts but they can't say no
Have some nice Reddit silver
I've only seen Cinci people that don't give a shit
"I'm Guy Fieri and we're rolling out..."
I know someone whose name is Richard Dickman, and let's just say that his name fits his personality.
Not particularly fun after a certain age though, speaking from experience, also ringworm is NOT fun
... I had no problem with mine
For me, my right thumb and palm hold the low strings while my left Palm/fingers hold the top strings. As for playing, I hold my right hand almost as if I'm using it as a "person" all fingers are limp/folded except for my index and middle finger, which I keep loose for speed and general tone.
Thank you for this answer. I made a response that was more for an explanation of how an object has no pitch versus those that do. However this was incredibly detailed and well made. Kudos to you my friend.
Eyy somebody knows. Larkin actually came and visited this last year and he stopped in to say hi to his government teacher who happens to be my home room teacher. I got to chat with him for a bit
Yes, yes I do. I've met him a few times because I do a lot around the school and some of it involves the football program
American living in a super Germanic area. We somehow took both large portions and really good quality food, but of course there's no way you can finish the amazing food in one sitting, it's sad
Neat, this is actually a joke from my drumline in highschool. We had a drum cheer called "dog eat dog" and we would jokingly say either "canine consume canine" or "KKK"
Yes, we do unfortunately, our government decided that if employers state a job has tips as part of their income, they can pay around half of minimum wage and say that the tips are their other income. So, it forces us to tip even if people are assholes, luckily I've never had a server who was horrible, just some that were a cut above the rest.
I had a teacher tell me he was giving me 2 hours of homework every night, and then the other 6 teachers fucked me over, let's just say I barely passed
I actually threatened that once, my biology teacher did not like me afterward...  Edit: this happened on a day where I had one teacher the entire day because we had no actual classes. So I had spent 5 hours with this dude and I needed to take a shit very badly, he still wouldn't let me, so I pulled this because the last person who said he had to or else the room would be sodden was ridiculed by the teacher for weeks.
Agreed, live here, and nobody I know gave 2 shits about it. Although I will say, I heard a lot of people talking agreement with the decision to not prosecute.
Yeah, I've had that too.
I wish they had more poutine joints in my city, we're like the one US place that has even a small appreciation for poutine. That sounds delicious.  The best poutine in my city is at a place called Senate. They specialize in hotdogs but have a braised pork poutine that is to die for.
Fair enough. I know of the Georgia shuffle as a swing Rhythm
It's illegal in my state to use them, not to sell(need license) but to use
As was a joke within our DCA corps last year the answer to that is "Bugatti"
