Wanna go spelunking some time? }:)
Not until somebody throws dirt on me. The point where forgiveness might've been possible is a decade behind me. I will forever be a thorn in the side of Christians, seeking to return to them at least some small fraction of the suffering they have inflicted on others. I would do this tirelessly even if I were the only one. But increasingly I'm not.
I love you too buddy
&gt;"a thread demanding the collective punishment of Christians"  That was mine, I'm not an atheist. You just *assumed* it.
I tried to tell people this but was shouted down as anti-space, a pessimist, etc.
I am immeasurably relieved that your cat escaped without major injuries. And don't be so shocked, people will surprise you. They're not all great but nor are all or even most terrible. They really will surprise you, so be open to that.
[This](http://i.imgur.com/OZrKd9N.jpg) is my old helmet that I built a solar powered swamp cooler into. There's also a pair of heaters but they require a battery pack, kept in the jacket's breast pocket.
Ahhh! My potato!  My doctor said I'm not supposed to get turtles in there
I'm feelin' it. The propulsion gun is useful as heck for displacing dangerous predators from regions where I want to construct bases or forage for metals.
I don't know who darqwolf is and don't understand how I'm remiss in standing up for myself. I am a valid person who has made useful contributions. I don't think that's unreasonable to say when somebody puts me down. I also don't think we've spoken before so I doubt I've personally wronged you. I was rude to /u/DreamHouseJohn however which is why my last post included an apology.
Not as such, but I have [plenty of other stories](http://www.inkitt.com/alexbeyman) set in the Institute universe, with Zach and the professor. I'll let you discover which ones by yourself. :)
I am hype as fuck for this game. Loved Amnesia but found the setting less compelling than Penumbra's. SOMA looks to have nailed that aspect.
If what you say is true, me too. I don't mean that it *makes* them stronger though, just that it impresses me that the experience doesn't kill them.
I wrote [a novella](http://www.inkitt.com/stories/13596) involving eugenics as a major plot element some time ago. Maybe you'll like it.
I don't have a religion. The supreme being I believe in follows inescapably from materialism and casuality. Basically the same lines of evidence which commonly convince people of atheism, just thought through a bit further.
&gt;Given the dominance of atheism in this sub and how anything that isn't atheism is viewed, do you keep your beliefs closely guarded because you are ashamed to talk about them in the event that you might be asked to justify them?  No, in fact it's primarily atheists I share it with because they're already materialists. Any supernaturalist, especially someone who believes God is separate from and creator of the universe, will be fundamentally unreceptive to it.  I also generally don't want Christians or Muslims to know because their religions have a history of assimilating any ideas they deem useful and which they're unable to destroy. Evolution most recently, although for the most part Islam hasn't given up fighting it yet.  I suppose I have an affinity for atheism as I was one for a very long time, so I tend to side with them on a lot of things.   &gt;I think Carl Sagan was a pantheist too. He was certainly no atheist.  Maybe, but there are specific things they say to signal this is what they're talking about and I never heard them from Carl. I haven't read all of his work, though. *"We are the way that the universe knows itself"* is borderline.   &gt;most of the time people are just out to score karma from ragging on a theist.  That was me for a long time, so I totally deserve to be on the receiving end for a while.
I'm not an atheist (again), and my parents were Quakers.
My bad, but no other video of it exists anywhere else that I know of. Please don't downvote because of that.
It means I really should be a better person than this. Like a lot of people I fall short of my own ideals. But given some of the experiences I've had in life I feel powerless to be any other way.
The supreme being I have in mind follows inescapably from that premise. I'm aware it has also led most atheists to their own position, and accordingly I was an atheist as well until March of last year. But if you think through the implications a bit further than that, there's a big surprise waiting. Heisenberg's "God at the bottom of the glass".
My definition of God is supplied in the OP. It's basically a more detailed version of pantheism.
I arrived at the idea independently, but upon searching for others who had, I discovered [I'm not the first](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Omega_Point) by a long shot. The interpretation I believe is not something I'd call a religion, nor would most people. Indeed several others in this thread already came forward to say so.
&gt; I don't see why not, really, I just don't know why you would call that 'god'.  That's completely fair. A lot of people feel this way because for them, "God" necessarily means "creator". I'm just using it to mean "supreme being". What we call it hardly matters though, surely?   &gt;I want to be very clear that I'm not mocking you or your beliefs or anything like that, I'd just like to have that nomenclature part clarified. Thanks for sharing your views!  No worries, I understood you.
&gt; As someone who has been offended by your "past" (yesterday is barely "past") behavior, I know that I have received no such apology.  Then I'll do it now. I apologize for having been ugly to you in the past. I have bad days, often I come off of a frustrating argument and the next guy gets some of that left over irritation. That's unfair, and I'll work on it.   &gt;I think it is fair to say that there are a lot of liberal theists, Christians and Muslims especially, who would like to see you make good on this apology if you are sincere.  The only thing I won't apologize for is affirming on no uncertain terms that Christianity and Islam are false and descended from cults. I will apologize to the person, if I was personal in what I said, but I am still very much after their religions.   &gt;Conflating every Christian and Muslim with a conservative that wants to murder gays and apostates is, IMO, disgusting.  If you could supply a screenshot of when I said this I would appreciate it. I am usually much more careful with language than that.
Oh neat, another callout thread. These are kosher now?    I am, again, sorry for that. It was in poor taste and the result of anger I am still dealing with stemming from bad experiences with Christians, though of course that's no excuse.   I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry,  I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.  Are we good?
&gt;that's not a traditional "god claim"   You're right, it's not traditional. But it is a god claim.  &gt;I think it's within the wheelhouse of this sub's definition of "atheism."  I do not consent to being labeled an atheist. You can force it on me if you like and I'll be powerless to stop you, but I am only obligated to be honest about your beliefs if you are honest about mine. If you misrepresent me, I will take it as license to misrepresent you going forward.
Boogity boogity boo   The fact remains that I've never harmed Christians, but they've severely harmed me. Empty threats are a slap on the wrist.
&gt; you are everything that you complain about.  I am not a Christian, nor in a virally structured religion.   &gt;You complain about bigoted Abrahamics, but your stand there and casually say that 2.18 billion people should be murdered for having beliefs different to your own.  I complain that they are homophobic. I am not homophobic and consider it wrong to be. I do not consider it wrong to oppose Abrahamic religion. There is nothing inconsistent about that unless you consider sexuality identical to religion.  &gt;I'd like you to think about the International Declaration of Human Rights, and use it as a basis for your own actions and not just a weapon to spite others with.  That's fair, and this is certainly a hatchet I should've buried a long time ago. Humans have stubborn hearts.
Some years ago, a group of Christians I used to argue with got ahold of my personal info and exploited it to great effect, such that I was homeless for a while and struggled to find work for years after that. But, this is the tip of the iceberg. My antipathy towards Christians has been a lifelong thing, growing stronger with each experience.   I've dated two, and both times their mothers sent them away, one to "Billy Graham's Bible Training Center at the Cove" and the other on a mission trip to Trinidad. To get them away from me, for fear I would corrupt them. One came back an atheist, and so was sent back over and over until she could convince her mother she wasn't anymore. By that time I'd moved cross country.   I attended private middle and highschools, both religious. I had no trouble at the highschool as it was Episcopalian and as a result very liberal. At the time I was an atheist and ran into other atheists on my first day. Christians there were for the most part agreeable and, crucially, did not lose their minds if you disputed their beliefs.   That last bit was the cause of recurring problems I'd experienced in middle school. For lack of any other private options in the area (my parents were strongly opposed to public education) I was sent to a fundamentalist protestant school which taught six day creation, among [other wacky things](http://www.salon.com/2015/06/17/5_completely_insane_things_christian_fundamentalists_are_teaching_their_kids/).   I have never been able to nod along to something I know is untrue. As a result I spent a lot of time in the office explaining myself to the principal, a lot of time indoors during recess receiving special lessons intended to persuade me that 'evolutionism' is an atheistic hoax, and was relentlessly mocked by other students as "monkey boy" for defending the (to them) absurdity that humans and apes share a common ancestor.   That's a very sensitive time in anyone's life. When it's not difficult at all to wreck their self esteem and the more support they have from friends, the better. I had none, because I was surrounded exclusively with people convinced by the faculty that I was irredeemably foolish, deceived by Satan and a danger to their own salvation. The experience was something like [this](http://sondry.com/posts/Celestial-Stupidity-FHj06-02-06-2015), times a million.  Now, that's not to say there aren't good Christians. The ones who don't know you disagree yet. Or the ones who've had sufficient exposure to dissent that they are no longer 'triggered' by it. But there absolutely is an over the top emotional reaction that comparatively sheltered Christians have to disbelief, probably fueled by [fear of death](http://www.psmag.com/health-and-behavior/why-atheists-terrify-believers). That's a land mine I've stepped on over and over again, because I just can't go along with something I know is untrue, least of all when I see someone deceiving kids.
&gt;/r/thatHappened  I was "hole troll" on 4chan during that period. Because I really can't stay off the internet apparently, even while living in a literal hole in the ground. The threads should be searchable, and include photos of my shelter. Denying that any abuse occurred is another common bullying tactic, by the by.  &gt;Only in your fevered imagination would forcing you to apologize and retract after 3 days be bullying, but volunteering to murder 2.2 billion people not be considered bullying.  You've not forced me to do anything. Were I serious about it I'd simply stand by it and tell you to suck a big one if you didn't like it. I've done everything possible to make things right with you but you've snubbed all of it.   &gt;Yes. Nazism. Any other answer is false.  You won't be honest, so I'll be honest for you. They were Christians.   &gt;It must be so difficult being you. The heart breaks.  It should, if you truly follow Christ's teachings. But you don't. None of you do.
&gt; You just said you refused to watch the videos I posted.  What? No I didn't. [I said I watched both of them](http://i.imgur.com/cxpkcfP.png).
I hope it doesn't. There's no good reason anybody needs to know about it. I only shared it under pressure.
I'll go you one better. During most of my trips I stop understanding what "species" is and just see animals as mutually valid multicellular organisms of different sizes.
I feel that, but maintain that I am not responsible for what someone else assumes. Maybe that'll irritate some people but it's also a useful reminder to assume less.
I don't think it created the universe, but rather, is the universe. It's limited by logic because otherwise it wouldn't work. Without constraints, any machine is just a pile of loose parts. I have an unorthodox God concept however and have been advised to be more upfront about that.
Certainly, and I concede that much. I'm not a Christian.
&gt;Yes, sadly, I did. My apologies for the assumption.  Ain't no thing but a chicken wing  &gt;A tad condescending  My bad, I was irritated by the assumption. We're good now that you apologized.   &gt;I'm now going to assume (based on the new information in your post) that you're only arguing that a charismatic figure existed approximately 2015 years ago that started the Christian 'cult' - but not that any of the supernatural stuff associated with the religion is true because of that? And that this is more likely because of a) similarities between the 'fossil' religion and the present day religion, and b) similarities with new cults of today started by charismatic figures.  Yes! Great summary.   &gt;it's most likely an amalgam of several, different, charismatic 'prophets' who lived around that time.  I'd agree except none of the doomsday cults in the modern era started out that way. It's always a single guy.  &gt;I remain skeptical of the claim.  Fair enough. Keep digesting this food for thought though.
&gt;If your point is that you have to be a single person to achieve all of this  No  &gt;I thought your OP was about a single guy, being jesus, that was about how he was the only one that figured into this small set of parameters that you had set up  No  &gt;Which side are you on? the side of christians, or the side of atheists?  [Neither](http://www.reddit.com/r/DebateReligion/comments/3amdv0/on_the_meaning_of_%CF%89/), but I'm not a Christian and I am a materialist.   My argument is that the properties of early Christianity as described by the Bible match up with the properties of what we today call doomsday cults. That Jesus was the founder of such a cult, and that because such cults exist today (and are always founded by real people rather than invented ones) we can be relatively certain that Jesus really existed.
I know talk is cheap but I honestly would've started shit with that guy. I can't be doin' wit dis.
Aside from others' solid recommendation of the stillsuit and heat knife, invest in infrastructure.  I've been building cheap single module habitats in every area with shit I find interesting and will want to explore more thoroughly later. Also spots rich with fish and other resources I consume a lot of. Each contains a fabricator and two storage lockers. No windows except the hatch, they are just there to be supply depots. I stock them with fish, power cells and purified water.   They are scattered around the map so there is always one nearby when I am running critically low on something I need.
It absolutely is worth it. Charming little game that, years later, is still dear to my heart. I have a stuffed Josef the robot sitting on my PC.
If you could track it down I'd be much obliged
I have the same device. The answer is, "don't do that". It could fracture your skull. The "box" detatches and would just fall off, but a hard enough blow to the transcutaneous abutment would mean a trip to the hospital.
Shrooms make me dumb. I feel age regressed, like they make me four years old for a couple hours. I remember running around in the woods singing the transformers themesong during one trip, fighting imagined decepticons. Then I laid down in a meadow and nommed some gummi snacks and became a simple creature of nature who knew only grass, dirt and sun.  I retain full, normal intelligence on LSD and have accordingly more complex thoughts.
I proposed this [a year ago](https://www.reddit.com/r/Drugs/comments/2l2ufw/virtual_reality_tripping_any_interest_here_in/) but only now have the hardware to try it out.
I write plot materials and do tech consulting for a startup game company.
Very cool, wish I could contribute but I'm not sure what you'd do with a writer.
I am stealing that emoji. Google "guides for coping with loss" because it has hereby become mine by way of my actions sir
[Mfw your original post](https://media2.giphy.com/media/QUaqJRizED5NC/200_s.gif)  I am kind of a rigid person and it's important to me that information I see propagated be accurate, maybe I get a little nuts about it sometimes. You handled it gracefully though so we can be friends. :3
I don't doubt it. It's one of those "so crazy it might work" things, it just evokes a funny image in my head of constantly being distracted by my huge schnoz while I stalk and attempt to kill an opponent.
