My flair has been gone since flairs were assigned last time.  I'm guessing when they assigned new flairs, they inadvertently deleted some.  I'll be in therapy.
I wish we had this in Little Rock, Arkansas.  Little Rock Public Schools are horrible.
I'll give /r/DoctorWhumour a shot.  Anytime I've posted Doctor Who trivia on /r/doctorwho (and I've been a fan since Doctor Who first came out in 1963, having watched all the shows and movies since then), it's been deleted.  I even thought about creating my own subreddit since there didn't seem to be one for Doctor Who fans who love this sort of trivia.  Has /r/doctorwho changed mods lately?
I wish I could say I was drunk when I typed that title.
3rd grade friend was hit by a car on Halloween.  Everyone was in shock, but the parents were absolutely devastated.  I don't know how (or if) they ever recovered from that.  I would imagine it was a wound that never healed.
^  I live in the South now.  If there's even the threat of snow, stay home if you can.
I missed my High School graduation because I was playing a gig somewhere else.  I didn't realize I missed the graduation until later when I received my diploma in the mail.
Whatever I can sneak into the movie theater.
&gt; I can't afford it so now I'm uninsured   Don't forget to pay that [fine](http://www.nbcnews.com/health/health-care/check-out-years-obamacare-fine-695-n446991).
I am so glad I have the means to send my kids to private schools.
I know several people who get sick if they see someone vomit.  Not sure if this is what happened here.
Holy cow, I only paid $2 for mine.
&gt; Despite the life-changing win, she finished her shift and didn’t go home until 11:30 p.m., according to Levy.  I don't know if I would stay around after I heard I'd won the lottery.
My wife may not think she's attractive when she wakes up in the morning, but she is to me.
I was thinking she didn't see the car due to the sun being in her eyes.
I was in the crowd for that performance.  Little Rock fans back then used to be some of the best in the world.
I do this for most posts because they usually have merit and I appreciate the time they took to comment.
Came here to say the same thing.  My hands are all tingly for some reason.
I'd be tempted to pee from that height.
I can't imagine finding an intruder in my kid's bedroom in the middle of the night.  That is scary.
Depending on where in my house they break in, they'd either be shot with a .45 or 12 gauge shotgun.  The clean-up would be the hard part.
Oh, it will happen to someone in my neighborhood who doesn't have the things I have:  * Security System * Dogs * Security lighting * Surveillance cameras  And if someone is stupid enough to break in, they deserve to die.
Where I live there is a law to prevent that.  I've seen several people ticketed for driving slow in the fast lane.
I grew up watching MASH.  I really liked his character.
&gt; Herndon’s father says he hasn’t seen the video.  &gt; “I don't have the strength right now,” he said.  I doubt I would ever have the strength to watch that video had she been my daughter.
&gt; I'm surprised people even buy those pillows... way expensive.  I don't know much about this company, but I did buy one of their pillows a few months ago for about $45.  I didn't want to spend that much, but I thought I'd give it a try.  It's been great for me, but I'm probably in the minority.
I'm an old-timer.  I need to get with the times.
Yep and Loca Luna.  BTW, I'm still unclear about Reddit's terms of service, but I can say 59 was a very good year.
ACA has been a heavy burden on working families like myself.
I need to buy some Russian ties.
I wish I could tell you this was taken with a really expensive camera, but I took it with my iPhone 6s.   ;)  Edit:  Here was another picture I [took.](http://i.imgur.com/CUzNf26.jpg)
Eh.  I drive Ford automobiles.
Last year I accidentally ate 1.3 million extra calories.
At least we got to enjoy our final Christmas.
I never thought gravitational waves would be discovered in my lifetime, and now they've been detected 3 times.  What a time to be alive.
How did you do it?  A friend of mine needs to lose a lot of weight or he's going to die prematurely.  He can barely walk as it is, but he won't do anything about it.
Ray Lusk or Arrow.  I've had a horrible experience with Roto-Rooter.
My dog would be [like ](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/iTuOr2vlC-c/hqdefault.jpg)
Our dog hates fireworks so I don't know why she's fine with storms.  We had two dogs before her that were terrified of storms (and fireworks).
I'm going to the shooting range today and randomly shoot at the target.
During the Presidential campaign, I spoke with several Bernie supporters and many talked about a violent revolution coming.  I never thought much about it, but maybe it's here.  There is a lot of hate in the US today.
I downloaded the internet on my phone so I'm good.
I hope I'm that happy when I get to be his age.
I live about 2 miles from that mall.  It used to be a great place to go, but it's attracted a less desirable crowd in the last few years.
lol.  Very true!  I guess I was thinking of the shootings that have occurred at that mall the past couple years.  I'll sometimes eat at restaurants across the street and many times I'll see police cars with blue lights flashing and people in handcuffs.
I was just there yesterday evening catching Pokémon and noticed the new monument.  I didn't know anything about it.  I hope they don't block off that area since it's a great place to catch Pokémon.
I was expecting full immersion baptism.
I'm in Little Rock.  We just got back from walking our dog-cicle.
Met him in Benton, Arkansas about 20 years ago in his Soda Shoppe.  Really nice guy.  My wife asked for his autograph and wrote it on a napkin.
I remind myself I’m in the Matrix.
