You'd be a good parent then. My father would have laid waste to the little bastards. Only... One at a time, so they have time to get scared, and surreptitiously so it can never be linked it you. But, vengeance, yes.
You're in Sydney ?
I loved you all right, just wasn't brave enough to say; I'd do anything for that time back so I could treat you better.
I really hope the heart attack didn't hurt for too long. I love you Dad.
Well, my Dad would still be alive, so I guess I'd be grateful for that.
Myself, miscarrying.
My old boss. That bitch made my life hell.
Alone in the office pretty late (things at home I was avoiding), pick up the phone to a woman screaming "you gotta help me!" Line goes dead.
I'm so sorry for your loss; but yes, what a gift that is.
Used a card catalogue in the library. Also understood the dewey decimal system, at least a bit, and got information out of encyclopedias. Computers existed, of course, and the library might have indexed much of its collection, but much else about information- gathering was analogue.
I'm So sorry you feel this way. What steps could you take to change it, starting now, or let's says tomorrow morning?
Yay you for making so much progress. And blimey, you sound like don draper!  Is it cool to have wild times to look back on --- wild times  that stand in such contrast to your current life? Or were those times so traumatic (running away hints at an unhappy family life; being a survival sex worker can't have been fun) you try not to think about them?
My brother would do this when it came to cleaning out the Guinea pig cage; he said it needed "a woman's touch" [ rolls eyes ] since most of ours were female. I'd put perfume on the newspaper and everything. On I'm so sorry for the stink Bon Bon and Whiskers!
You pregnant?
For the purposes of the movie they had to show *what* people died of, at least partly for shock value (i.e. that kid in 70's gear with the massive gunshot wound in his head, that had me sleeping with the light on for months.)   People who die at peace probably have less to stick around for; like if you knew you had cancer or something you would sort things out with your nearest and dearest, and you might not be as confused as to whether you were alive or not as a sudden death might make you. (cough*Bruce Willis*cough)
You sound like a really good guy. Yay you!
The *bathroom* has it's own tree? Blimey! (And the piano has it's own room? Luck-ee! I had to share with my brother.)
For me it's red wine that does this.
She grounded YOU?
Chose it. It's a short form of my middle name, which is handy but coincidental. Two people I knew and admired growing up had the name, but again, coincidence. A specialist name - diviner (yes there is such a thing) told me it was to do with desiring freedom and he might have been right. But really I just liked it, and *hated* my birth name.
Me too! Used it once, learned my lesson. It sounds so *mild* though...
God love you for turning this experience into a reason to help others. Your co-workers who made fun of her can eat a bowl of dicks.
Just how much that heart attack hurt my dad and how long it took for him to die.  (Nb not much/ not long is the answer I'm hoping for.)
Oh, this is really good to know! Thank you; it was the gurgling that got to me, the thought that he was trying to form words and ask for help and just couldn't -- and of course the idea that he was scared or in pain. But if what you're saying is the case, and it *wasn't* an attempt at speech, if it was in fact just a body reaction, well, yes, that's great. It wasn't *him* doing it, and it certainly doesn't indicate a presence of life, it was something his meatsuit was doing without him. So he would have felt something while on the lav, something that was enough to make a move to the phone, and then probably dropped once he had the phone in hand. That sounds like a matter of seconds of pain, and then he was gone. That's so much better than what I feared. THANKYOU!!! Really, thank you.   I'm bawling over here, but I can't tell you how glad I am to hear he didn't suffer/ suffer much. Thanks again.
Oh my God! I'm so sorry! What a thing for you to live with and think about. If we can go towards a trusty platitude, the final minutes of his life are minor compared to the love he generated and experienced in the years before them. You and other people he loved were probably the last thing on his mind. He is with you always.  Once again, I'm so sorry. Thanks for reaching out.
I'm so sorry, that sounds hellish. It's a weird fact but yes, the fact that he wasn't struck down by something that necessitated a lengthy and painful recovery is a strange consolation. Don't get me wrong, if there was an option to have him here, I would take it in a second, hard-to-watch recovery and all, but he was a very proud man, one who for the most part kept his dignity, independence, and mobility to the end, and the fact is I know how that struggle would have stripped the heart out of him.  I might take you up on your offer re: getting in touch, sometimes this gets to me more than other times. *sniff*
This is really good to know. Discomfort followed by unconsciousness, followed by God taking him by the hand if you believe in that (and my Dad did, so...)  Thanks for you account, and I hear you on the risk factors, but the fact is if I were to face death now, I think I would step into it willingly to be with my Dad again. (But I know he wouldn't want that, so...)
Thanks, that's really kind of you to say, and so soothing to my heart. Ideally I wish he hadn't been on the toilet when it happened -- it's an extra layer of indignity I would have spared him -- but, really, as long as he felt no pain I really can't complain.
Thanks. The fact that my Dad went for the phone makes me think he felt something, but that i was short-lived, and, based on what people are saying here, followed by unconsciousness and then death, rather than followed by pain, the inability to move, and an awareness of his helplessness and his impending end. It was that idea that haunted me, in the form of the gurgling.  My best to you and your Dad. You are lucky to still have him. *sniff*
Thanks for letting me know. That makes me feel much better. My best to your dad.
So he died in his sleep? What a perfect way to go out!  Also, my condolences to you. If it helps at all this thread is making me think that my Dad didn't feel any pain, so likely your Dad didn't either.
Thanks. That's really good to hear.
Used to be one of my favourites, when I was younger and very into war  flicks. Speaking of which, your grandfather was probably one of those vets who refused to see Saving Private Ryan because it was too close to home... can't get it out of my head, what he went through, and how he had to kinda live with it alone for so long.  The bright side, if there is one, is that the fact he felt he could tell you -- drunk or not -- indicates how close you two must be and how much he thinks of you. Treasure him, and your relationship. He will be gone all too soon.
Thank you, this is so great to hear. A physiological reaction... so not something he was *doing*, so much as something that was happening on its own. That really helps.  And yeah, the thought of it being scary for him, or painful, or that he was struggling to communicate/get help but was unable to, *that's* what really haunted me. Am still unsure of how he opened the telephone line while lying there if he *wasn't* still alive... but now I think maybe the reason he left the bathroom was the incoming call *combined* with the heart attack itself, thus clicking the button to accept the call [coincidentally, from the community nurse who was there to change the dressing on his leg] was probably the last thing he did. He would be glad, then, that the call was not from one of his three children, all of whom spoke to him daily or every couple of days. That would have stayed with whichever of us it was for a very long time.  This thread has bought me a lot of peace.  I might take you up on the offer of the PM.
It was dec 29th ( 28th where I was) 2014, so almost 6 months ago.
River City?  and I'm sorry for what you have gone through.
No Ivan Milat got me and this comes to you from a shallow as-yet-undiscovered grave. Ooooooooo!
I remembered something after posting: I always felt safe because I had my friend with me, but the killer abducted two people on three occasions. One was a pair of girls (like us), one was a couple where the guy was kinda slight and had long hair (ie he might have  thought they were both girls when he picked them up) , but the last was a couple where the guy was tall, jacked, and had served in the military, which is at least one reason the police believe the man behind bars had at least one partner in his crimes.  Tl; dr thought being in a pair made me safe. It did not.
Wanting to get somewhere and not having the money for a ride and no car of our own. Also no idea there was a serial killer on the loose. I even remember reading about and hearing about the first two girls who went missing, and not connecting it with what I was doing. Did not make the connection til about 5 years later (nb neither did the police) when suddenly saturation news coverage made it click into place in my head.
Yeah, funny you should bring that up; when I was typing my response to someone asking why would I even do that I mentioned that I had no idea there was a serial killer on the loose, and kinda thought to myself "it's not like I was hitch-hiking the Highway of Tears!" and then 5 minutes later got your response.  I was interested to hear that *two* killers have been determined. I'm guessing one of them is that Picton fella, but whose the other one? Also, I remember reading years ago about all the women going missing from Vancouver's "low-track" area and how the police were doing fuck-all and what a scandal it was. At the time the posit was that about 100 women had gone missing from about the late 70's to the early 2000s and that there was at least one serial killer at work. Since Picton was captured it seems like the police's attitude is "we got him, that's it, there was only ever one killer", but it really seems to me there could easily be another 1-2 out there -- I mean Picton killed 49, that's only half the number missing -- and that' *before* you consider the Highway of Tears.   Tell me, is it your impression that the police have learned their lesson and been shamed into taking it seriously? Do you think they are looking for another killer? Do they take the Highway of Tears seriously? I'm not on the West Coast and I haven't followed it all that closely, but my impression on all three questions would be "no."
Yeah I know. So here we have a thing I both would never/ did never tell my olds, and something I would whip my own kids' behinds for doing.
I'm so sorry to hear about your girlfriend; my condolences.  As for the rest: you played piano? Like, to pass the time? Hm. Yay you.  And what do you mean people lost their fridges? Do you mean the stuff inside it went so bad and so nasty that the fridge could never again be used for anything that would touch human lips? That's all I can think of, also it would tie in with your tip about emptying your fridge, which I didn't quite understand -- wouldn\t you be *wanting* to stockpile food if there was a storm coming and you intended staying? Fridges can hold their cold OK for a bit, as long as you don't linger in front of them with the door open (ie do what you can to preserve the cold within) and it's not like you knew how long the power would be out.  PS Goodbye Earl is an awesome song, one of my favourites.
It's the first father's day without my dad. That makes me pretty sad.
I have mixed feelings when it comes to abortion: I'm all for dead babies, just don't like giving women that much choice.
Aussie here: I never understood it either. Only encountered during kids parties, fairy bread was, as far as 8 year old me was concerned, a waste of a plate -- surely that plate could be used for more chocolate crackles, or cupcakes, or one of the many homemad things that you got at the birthday party of an elementary-school aged child? Bread and butter with sprinkles just seemed like such a *cheat*!
"have a geeze" (nb, am Aussie, have no idea what you are trying to say.)
Call that man I wronged so bad and apologize, apologize, apologize.
Find a new  job and quit but on the day you do so make sure both managers know why ( write a letter if necessary, noting down as much a s you feel is relevant about this pattern of abuse  so that they have concrete examples to refer to when they talk to her about it.) make her life hell for a bit, see how she likes it.
It's true Aussies don't tip, but frankly, Brits don't either, not as a rule. So it's weird that it stood out to you... unless you noticed because you're from a tipping culture yourself.  And what the other respondent said below is right, some Aussies are Bogans, the only thing is they don't tend to represent Aussies overseas because they don't tend to travel... well, except to Bali or somewhere.
Btw the 'you saved my life' woman sounds familiar to me, she was in at least one documentary I saw on 9/11, because as you say there was a news crew there too. She was pulled into the store or whatever it was just before the massive dust cloud from the building falling hit.
