I just beat it on my first try. it passed all but one. and that one was wrong. I got 100%
I actually gave up in the middle of season 1. As soon as pretty much every character turned out to also have powers I lost interest.
I make chili all the time, beans, tomatoes, meat, spices, and you're good to go.  For Japanese food, I make instant curry all the time.
I was on 10130, for me, the audio caused games to skip. If there were a lot of sounds going on my frame rate would severely suffer. It is probably more of a driver issue than anything else, but for me, it makes things unplayable.
I had a dual citizen friend who came back to japan about 4 years ago. First thing city hall did was ask her to choose. She basically said "I can't make that decision so quickly" They never asked again.
I don't like doing 'touristy things' when I'm on vacation either. It doesn't mean that I want to do nothing. It means I don't care about things like old buildings or monuments.
I dated a girl once who wanted to be cut with knives or razor blades. I wouldn't do it.
Get ready, because your city tax probably went up too, or if it's your second year in japan... get ready to pay city tax!
Japan here. It's the same situation. Kids learn to take tests very well, but never really learn to use what they have studied. Universities have super hard entrance exams, and then once you get in, you can slack off most of the year. I have met tons of Japanese college students who think that more than four hours of class a week is a heavy class load. A lot of seniors pretty much phone in their last semester and skip most of their classes because they are too busy looking for jobs.  That's not to say that every university and program is like this, but it is very common.
Japan here. Exactly what you said.
Shoes. When I was a kid my dad had a rule that any shoes I got couldn't be over $20. I ended up with new shoes every six months or so.  Three years ago I bought a nice pair of Doc Martens. Still wearing them today.
Mine says it's downloading at 8MB/sec (I do have gigabit) But It is really only downloading at 0.03MB/sec...
That's actually slow for me. If I'm downloading a big game on steam I usually average 16-18.
Actually I don't think they will. It seems they are moving away from optional updating.  I am guessing there will be ways to turn off windows update and use something else like WSUS for manual updates though.
I'm a one-upper. I know you hate me, I try my best not to do it.
To me the web search results are annoying. I like benig able to hit the start button and type a portion of what program I want to run, then run it. I don't need or want to search the web in the same way that I launch programs. Maybe some people do. Not to mention that cortana uses bing. I don't have a problem with bing, I just find that google gives me much better results.  I don't really have an issue with using a MS account for login, but I just wish it would stop saving and trying to sync my settings between computers. Even if I turn it off on each computer, it is automatically turned back on when I do a fresh install, and I can't find anywhere to actually delete the saved data. Also with a MS account don't they store all your encryption keys on their server? I know if you use bitlocker, you can gain access using a key on your MS account. Seems like a great way for someone else to crack your encryption as well.
I can't find any info about it on the net, but I remember a period of about a month in the early 00's. Every week or so there was an accident on the freeway, a random person would get on going the wrong direction, get in a crash and die. None of them were drunk, a few were old, but there was never any reason found for them to have done it.  At one point they announced that the police were trying to find anyone who had information about why this was going on.
I'm sure I'm a little behind on what "the kids" are listening to at this moment, but these are generally safe bets.  [Memeshikute](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvepe04Dbh4)   [Heavy Rotation](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lkHlnWFnA0c)   [Joyful](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wsvNsfPZPiE#t=2m30s)   [CHOO CHOO Train](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rs1ynO9x0OA)   [Zankoku na Tenshi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gulpzigFT_k)   [chiisana koi no uta](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8EkSB9zSpE)   [Kiseki](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DwTinTO0o9I) I like throwing people off by singing the [Andrew WK vesrion](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcJXZyoFnkg).
For me ,the Microsoft drivers will randomly crash with a message similar to "your display driver has recovered from a critical error" When this happens, most the software I was running will just be blank windows, and the start menu will not open until I reboot.
Oh, I did not know that. I actually use a few live tiles anyway, just removed them all for a comparison.
I typed in "I am insignificant compared to the universe." Guess how I felt...
Not all companies will do this for you. I was registered for my shokai hoken, but not de-registered from the kokumin. I had to go to city hall, and just show them my new card at the healthcare desk. They did some paperwork, collected my old card, and sent me on my way.
Bicycle was left unlocked overnight in front of my apartment. Gone the next morning.
VCR games were in style back then. I seem to remember another where you had these guns you'd shoot at the TV. And there was that board game with the announcer on the vhs tape.
Oh man, I made something similar to this when I was first learning php. If only I had seen the bigger picture.
Pros: everything that comes with CFW. Homebrew, region-free, hacks, piracy.  Cons: Downgrading and getting everything installed can be a pain in the ass. Took me a full day to get it right.
I tried 20-30 times with the new version. Kept getting an error about not being able to read the cia files. Downloaded the old version, was successful on try #2.
I've found that you don't really need to screw the screws on the bottom. It all snaps together pretty snug. And I have a hard shell case on the outside, so not really worried about it popping off.
I don't remember exactly where. It was in an article about girls dealing with molesters on trains. My attempts to google just turn up porn, so you can take it as true or as untrue as you wish.
Seems like that is the case for lots of people. It was not for me.
For me, it took using an old version of sysupdater. The one that shows the 8 steps. And even then I had to run it about 5 times to get it to work.  You may also look into savesysupdater.
I keep my sysnand theme bright yellow, so I will always know if I'm in the wrong place.
It's a nice idea if someone wants to do it. But for me, I just set a yellow basic theme. And another person just gave me the idea as well to make a row of folders that spell out "sysnand"
"They can't do that to us, this is America!" Said by my neighbor living in Japan.
If only they allowed pets....  I have a friend who lived in UR and it was great!
And the fees can actually be negotiable. I negotiated my rent and key money down.
I'm mostly a manager at a local chain of kids only eikaiwas. I say mostly because I'm still teaching one day a week. The rest of my time is spent creating new curriculum, doing hr related things, and training.  My first job was teaching at a very similar company in Toyohashi, Aichi. The boss there was pretty crazy though. So moved to kansai and haven't looked back.
&gt; edit: she's linking me to all these "complete a BA degree in 4 months online!" courses...ever heard of these?  I know nothing about your relationship, but I would be careful about her pushing you into something you don't really want. I've seen this scenario play out many times, usually with married couples. The wife wants to return to Japan, and talks the husband into it, and then the husband can only get a low paying English teaching job, which doesn't really help with raising a family. Eventually it creates resentment and leads to problems.  Obviously this does not apply to everyone, many couples end up the exact opposite, and I know nothing about you two.. But I have personally known enough people in this situation to say it is a common thread.
Looks like your number came from localbitcoins, actual bitcoin exchanges are much cheaper. I plugged it directly into the "buy btc" section of my bitflyer account and that's the number that popped up. While I didn't do an actual transfer, all of my numbers came directly from my bitcoin exchanges at the time that I wrote the post.
Most of your questions have been answered by others, but I will add that you might look into UR housing. No stupid fees / no guarantor. They are income based though. A friend in Kobe who lived in one, said they required her to have a minimum of 230,000 per month to be able to live there. I'm assuming those numbers can vary depending on your area.
Could also just be the area you live in. I've gone from a small town in Aichi, to a super small town in Hyogo, and now Osaka.  If you're near Tokyo, maybe companies are more strict with foreigners up there.
Could also depend on the provider. I got a rakuten sim with sms last year, and they definitely did.
I get charged a 315 yen fee for the bank transfer. Nothing else.
I am a manager in charge of hiring at a small chain of eikaiwas in Osaka. I could do an AMA, but really most of it is common sense.
I didn't even notice that. For me, the nag did stop.
I always get excited when I see new versions of wine, or things that give FPS increases, then I remember I'm using the git version of wine, so I've probably had these features for months and still have low fps.
Mine does, I build it with the csmt and d3d9 patches, among other things.
They make you turn in your card when you get it renewed? For mine they just stamp the back saying it's in the process of being renewed.
I really liked the app. I stopped using it a few years ago when I ditched my iphone though. No android version .
I don't know if there's anyone who has tried that specifically, but many people have converted closets into workstations, so I would assume that it's similar.
