My five pound cat doesn't have the ability to judge her reactions of clawing me if I rub her the wrong wat.
but I don't know what I'm going to do yet.
I'm here to chew gum and invade Poland, and I'm all out of bubblegum.
Jared and Jensen introduced JDM to his future wife, and they've since had a kid together. He might not be in that clique, but they're very tight. Jensen definitely sees JDM as some sort of larger than life not-quite father figure.
My cat had to spend a week at my grandma's. I finally got the cat home, we're hanging out, and I realize that she smells like grandma and not my cat. I was slightly peeved.
Uff.. I was all for it right up until the rape/underage tags :(
As someone who had to learn English first with the smudging issue and then the Arabic alphabet later, I can attest that it's completely different and was absolutely loving how much easier and enjoyable it is not having to fight against the paper   With that said, you have no idea what you're talking about, and your smug attitude about this is highly obnoxious. There are so many more issues and aspects about this topic m, and your blatant dismissal is asshole-ish at best.
So the Dexter Morgan approach to cooking?  When I make pie dough, I use wax paper as a tarp.  Makes cleaning up 90% easier.
OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  JIBCON REPRESENTATION!\\\  You should wear an FND button and pass out business cards
&gt;The pervasive lack of attention to childcare for female faculty at an institution run by childless, male, Catholic priests   I feel like that might be less traditional sexism and more completely and daft oversight. Priests aren't exactly in the area of "oh, people have kids and need to have childcare, because that's either my or my coworkers' experiences." It very well could be a little too abstract/out of their purview- like I could see nuns having that sentiment.  Not the hardcore leftwing nuns on the bus types, but the more sedate ones.
My Etruscan field school professor would joke that half of all Italian antiquities are in the attics of farmers. You can't really get mad at farmers out plowing their fields (unlike say construction and urban spread). Their entire lives revolve around these fields as did probably their ancestors before them.
http://archiveofourown.org/works/4162815  I was going to post this here, but this turned into a 3500 word copy/response to this essay.
but how could I ever poop properly without that cup of yogurt?
No, I get that. You feel legitimately like he's oversharing.  What I'm saying is that I just don't even register it when parents are doing parent-y things around kids that might be considered oversharing of privacy.  It also might have been the household I was raised in. My parents were/are nurses, so I have a really lax view on stuff (so many disgusting topics during dinners).
South Africa in general. When I was a kid, it was almost on par with North Korea- maybe worse, because nobody talked about Korea outside of MASH (the 80s).  Now after the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and its economy just booming, it's become a model of post-conflict countries being successful and spreading domestic peace with a solid democracy.
I've done Roman and Arabic scripts as a leftie. There's no comparison when you're not having to push the pen. Able to pull instead of push is far and away much easier.
I'm in Kansas myself- pm me if you want to share where you're going or what area you'll be in or for more information.   Think of Kansas specifically as being a bit hotter than Italy (Tuscany area) in the summer, but pretty comparable. It can get below 0 Fahrenheit in the winters, but is generally about 20 degrees.  It usually doesn't snow, but we can get snow and ice.   Generally, bring (or buy) a solid coat for super cold as you'll want it here and also in Canada. Buy clothes that will get you through at least the first month if not 2~3 months. You'll want to take things back with you, so you'll be better off just travelling light-ish, and kitting out here.   As it's an environmental immersion class, I'm assuming it's mostly outside. Get a boonie hat and use the strongest sunblock you can find here ~spf50 with zinc preferably. Also get a water bottle (absolute must) and cheap t-shirts that you can toss when you're done for the season. If you're bending over a lot, hit the spot on your lower back between your pants and shirts with block.  Trust me, horrible place to get burned.  You'll want decent socks and fantastic walking shoes/boots. Something you'll want to want to walk several miles in. You can get things here obviously, but if you have a brand preference, you're better investing there and just bringing them over.
Kitty claw scratches
I actually recommend that you read some books on it and watch some PBS Frontline episodes that cover it. I lived through it as an adult and so many younger adults just don't know the nuts and bolts of what really happened even 10 years ago.
Absolutely not. We're very cool and often have the best discussions on canon and fandom on reddit.  Here's our discussion on the charges that  women characters on the show get fridged:  http://www.reddit.com/r/fandomnatural/comments/3ab592/the_vanishing_ladies_of_supernatural/  I wrote the linked ao3 copy response that turned into its own motw length.
Now we're getting into the dregs of this fandom a bit. Also I don't have a less vitriolic lomk than this at the moment:  http://hisproudyang.tumblr.com/post/96724372644/j2-tinhats-and-the-damage-done  Basically at the 10th anniversary get-together for the show, a group of fans got everyone on the show shot glasses. Everyone but Misha and (I didn't know this bit) Mark. Misha didn't take it well, and it was clear he felt rather sad about it to where even Jared was angry that Misha got snubbed. The big prank completely backfired, people were pissed, and the well known Misha haters group said it was an honest mistake and rushed out a replacement and acted all affronted when called out on it-like they were the real victims on all of this.
For me, it was yesterday with Obamacare
I'm a moderate feminist. You'd be surprised at what people don't want to hear or even acknowledge during these discussions on reddit, because then it ruins the vibe.
I told you fma is insidiously endearing
Comb your hair forward (think Trump forward), then take a pick or side of a comb, and weave a zigzag pattern on the top of your hair. Pull the hair apart gently, and the zig zag will follow the pattern in your part.
The old days were when it was new and I was in high school.....
Her entire support network outside of work are just total douchebags. Not a single one of them actually care about her and her career. They are more than willing to be complete shits about undermine her place and her stresses even as they accept massive gifts from her job. She should have dumped every single one of them m, and gotten much better friends and partners.
As an archeologist, History Channel's facts and shows were always a bit dodgy. They were good intro stuff, but it wasn't hard to grow out of them very fast. It's just that it went off the deep end of stupidity and nuts a few years ago, and they look that much worse in comparison.
I've blown more than a few teenager minds by telling them that R2D2 and C3PO were the leads of the first three movies.
You seem like a single ply kind of guy. Padding isn't just an aesthetic thing, but provides extra support and keeping things in place. Sure, I could"settle" for no padding, but then I'd lose so much of what I look for in bras-support and comfort. Fortunately, I've got the shoulders to support my chest or I could be more prone to back pain like my grandmother. Even then my bra preferences always include some padding of some type, especially as they tend to be more durable and long lasting for my needs.
I was specifically talking about royal children so I'm not sure if they doe rbar.
Vegas was totally cool with black performers like Nat King Cole. They just couldn't use their facilities, eat, or stay in their hotels for the most part. Also King had direct instructions not to look at any white woman in the face.  Sammy could use the pool, but they'd immediately drain it, and fill it back up with new water each time.
She's also bipolar, and SW gave her a severe eating disorder. It's amazing that she didn't end up like Karen Carpenter.
My grandfather was city manager for decades in his town, and he'd made sure to keep all the streets going on way and all avenues going the opposite. A few months after he retired, someone named a tiny new street the wrong designation, and he about hulked out.
There was a movie on him back in the 90s. I never saw it, but I knew about the movie.
Haven't watched it since season two. Will watch for JDM. Partly because it's him. Partly because of how he took the job.
I'm getting weird Frailty vibes here.
So a woman in the 1700s had to have a double mastectomy as she'd been diagnosed with breast cancer. All they could do for her was give her a shot of whisky, have two men hold her arms down, and cover her face with cheesecloth so she wouldn't see it (that failed, she saw the whole thing). Took some time. Got the first one done, and she panicked, started screaming. Then the second one, and still more screaming.  She said she couldn't get the screaming out of her head for months after, and definitely had some ptsd issues from it. But it was a success, and she lived a couple more decades.
lol. No, it was more of a kneejerk reaction against Sam and Dean being brothers in that position. Just my own weird hang up. But more that it was a really, really weird scene in the movie by itself.
I couldn't get into Justified, because his death rates were starting to go higher than Dexter's
Alice:  Nightsky and I, along with a few of the other Winchester Family Business writers, have actually been to Vancouver.  There’s a big Supernatural convention there every year.  One of our writers is a big shooting location buff and we’ve been on location tours around Vancouver.  Is there a particular area of Vancouver you like to film in or has it been mostly in the studio?   Dylan:  I do studios a lot but I’ve filmed in Stanley Park twice.  One of them (was) for Big Eyes that I did a year or two years ago.  I also did a print job there when I was six or seven and I really loved it because it had a swing set and I got to run around and have fun.    Stanley Park is my favorite place that I filmed but also The Returned (filmed) just outside of Vancouver.  A lot of scenes were filmed in Squamish.  That was awesome.  Not only was I filming but I got to stay in a hotel and they had a waterslide and a pool.  That was a lot of fun.   ---  Nightsky:  When you were doing one of the scenes with Sully, you had to deliver the lines with your head upside down laying off of a bed.  Was it hard to talk? Then you got up and immediately started lines again.  I would be so dizzy!  How was it to do that scene?   Dylan:  Well, I did do it 27 times…I was good the first 15 and then I started feeling light-headed but I thought, “Okay, can I have some water please,” and then I couldn’t do it anymore.  I had to tell the director and he’s like, “Are you crazy for not telling me earlier?”  He said, “We will never be mad at you if you are dizzy or anything or feel like you’re going to be sick, you tell us right away.  You should have told us earlier.”  I took a 20 minute break and I did it two more times and I was fine.  It got harder at the end when they were doing closeups and it was just me upside down the whole time.   I didn’t have time to get up and have a drink of water, I had to stay down there.  That’s when I started to feel a little dizzy.  It was okay, it was pretty good.    -----  Yeah, I could see Richard getting upset about that.
"I mean, it was perfectly okay for the past 15 years for my fellow Republicans to get ever more and more militant and hardcore. I liked the perks and help it gave me with my campaigns. Bur now I'm suddenly not on their level, and they're actively trying to stop the things I want to do so now it's time for me to speak out."  You're a little too late to see the party and politics you've been supporting for what it is. Sounds like some people are going to get primaried as rinos.
As an archaeologist, that line is all kinds of wrong
Scottsdale can be its own entire question. It's like LA, but with a thick smear of envy.   I have distant cousins in Anthem, Arizona. If you don't know it, it's a super exclusive suburb on the level of Stepford Wives, but more so. My cousin-on-law said she didn't want her kids to walk to school, because there were (racial slur)s all around building houses. My family was aghast. She wasn't that old either. Next she was complaining about her massive house being in the wrong side of town, and that they'd have to move to the nicer side. It wasn't nicer. Everyone had just decided that they needed arbitrary reasons to split the town in two parts of good and bad even though every house was 200k bare minimum. Blagh.
The head producer of this show is Sera Gamble, who was the second show runner for Supernatural. She's a solid writer, but that role was really rough for her. Now she's doing Aquarius and this.  I'm far better okay hearing that they changed it. I tried reading the first, and the lead character was a complete douchebag. I had thought that was his "journey" in stopping being a little shit, but Amazon reviews told me otherwise.
I wish I had my surface in grad school instead of lugging a massive laptop around all the time. PDFs and the like all the time.
I've seen these laws all over the place like Italy. I was in one town where both grocery stores closed down on the same day so as not to poach. The actual law was stores had to close one day, but it's up to them to pick the day. This was a town that was about 95% communist, so definitely not religious
&gt;And overpriced is less likely with more choice. With 10 places they actually have to compete with each other to some degree.  I was just in O'Hare last year, and got served the worst guacamole of all time, AND it was $15. More places does NOT create competition in airports. It just means that they all have exclusive contracts and set whatever prices they want, because now they have 5 cinnabons instead of 2.  There are bathrooms past security checkpoints now. I've used a number of them. I remember being 5 or 6, and hitting a literal paywall at MCI's bathroom and nearly peed my pants once, because I didn't have a quarter (I'm still fucking pissed about those pay toilets). I also remember when they didn't have bathrooms past security. Those were rough days. Believe me, I know MCI's weird bathroom history very well.  It's so much better now.
I'm having severe Tribe Called Quest flashbacks here.
I saw a couple episodes. They had one with vampires where the punchline at the end was he scared the shit out of his partner? by pretending to bite her with fake teeth. It was a total douche move.
