I signed up for dinosaurs, ad, and bookmarks. I forgot that matching was today.
I do! I have several friends that live there. Cool
Yep! And I'm sorry. Haha. I'm not really that creepy of a person.
Aw :( sick babies are never good. I hope minimoogle feels better soon
I work tomorrow night til 830 central time, but should be on after that! :)
I have an android phone.. but it doesnt fit?  It has like.. a small usb opening.  Unless im just dumb.  Which is possible
I cant figure out why my kindle wont charge :(
Quitting smoking is very hard!  I'm super excited for you.
Yes! /u/bugabee tried her kindle charger and it worked. I'm so happy! I didnt want it to be a lost cause!! Now i just have to figure out how ... if .. i can get my amazon account on there and keep his books.
Oh lord.. why...   Im supposed to be asleep
/u/artsykitty because she's helped me out a lot, by being there to chat and help without even knowing it!
I know english..  and a little french, like took it in highschool, have already forgotten most... SQUIRREL!  One more day left of work, then off for the weekend!! Tomorrow is zoobrew! Super excited!   I'll be off at a decent time today and most likely playing league all night. /u/SivirmeTibbers join us?   Hopefully /u/bugabee will come in early, with plans of lunch already decided so we don't play the "what do you want, no what do you want" game. Lol
Ive never been active during a steam sale... what happens? What games should i get? Will dayz be on sale?
Our local cinema is terrible. Last year when dolphin tale 2 came out a lady passed away while watching it and wasnt found until the next days showing. How the hell does that even happen!?
I have dont starve and dont starve together. I love them. Whats your steam name?
Apparently it is also "be as messy as possible because i am your maid" day at my work and no one told me.  /u/bugabee. .. are you taking these extra hours? Lol
Aw. Thanks : )   It means a lot!!
Ha. Its my sons. I'll let him know :)
That stinks!! Is that the only exchange you joined?  My bookmark santa rocked it. I signed up for dinosaurs for my son and he got a $10 gift off of my wishlist that he was happy with. My Arbitrary day santa pulled my info on the first... so im hoping they are just putting a lot of thought into the gift. Lol
Yay! Im super excited for you! I bet your son was so happy.   Great job /u/Molly_b
Yes ! We rented it in wiiu .. so good.
Dont starve is fabulous!  Add me on steam so we can play!! :)
Yeah.. her :) she'll get it tonight
I am at work until 8, but im looking after i get home! Haha
My son insists that "Bow ties are cool!"   And I'm all over here like... dood.. no clue what you are talking about. He loves Dr. Who so much. Let me know if you having something cool on your wishlist  that he needs! :)
Went hiking today with my family! We took pictures of the mushrooms along our way! :) can anyone identify them? http://imgur.com/a/za1WP  Edit:second hiking trip! http://imgur.com/uOtjH8l  http://imgur.com/9mi2IED  http://imgur.com/QGHLxJ2  http://imgur.com/OXgfH4d  http://imgur.com/t0GrdD0
Well atleast yours talk afterwards.. mine just kinda pass out
Incapable, my friend. Too self concious.
I apparently (because it happened sunday) scream like a girl. I am a girl. .. but normally dont react like that. We went hiking and i was looking at the ground, walking behind my husband. He lifted his foot and a snake slithered REALLY quickly out from under it and down the hill... scared the crap out of me.  Spiders i can handle. I have to kill them at work all the time. Haha. My manager hates bugs. She freaks out and leaves the room.
I dont have any room left on my phone.. and i cant figure out how to transfer all of my pictures to the computer.. I want to be able to just plug in a usb and drag them, but no such luck.
Ahh! Thanks :) Let me know when you want me to PM my address. :) I'm super excited.   Edit:   /u/not-gonna-tell   /u/paralily   /u/minstinstacofins  I went to edit to add the other 2 winners .. but i refreshed to summon the names and its been removed.
Aw. Dang!  Well.. i am home and its downloading now
Pm'd you my email!
Did it have to be of me? Can't i submit my kids for your amusement?  Lol
Yay!  Another movie lover!  :) Princess bride is my all time favorite. I love stardust as well, did you read the book?
Chris colfer plays Kurt on Glee.. he wrote a few. I like them because my son and i read them together.   I will have to look up those Reacher books... and ive never heard of the movie either!
Nope. Not really. The other girls i work with do, but im not really a big shoe person.
I followed a friend. Haha. More money, great hours. . Get to go on field trips with my kids and appointments when i need to.
Uhm.. hmm.. this may not work. But, my son and i decided to sing for you! :)  http://soundcloud.com/kristen-brady-5/elijah-my-snowman  Once upon a time I was falling in love, now I'm only falling apart...
Yeah.. id love to.. but we dont have that one yet. Next birthday is aug 7th. Lol. Maybe ill get it for him!
Hey! Ill be in ga next week.
Lucky. My dog just becomes "shake your fur, splatter water everywhere and rub it all in the carpet before mom catches you" dog.
Ahhh!  Id love to. But im leaving to go eat dinner with friends. :(
Best friend  Favorite   How many times can we guess
Thanks! Im excited!
It was a lot of fun! :)
I still have 2 hours
Both of my kids have their own wishlists attached to mine. Elijah wants a winter hat and gloves, Nick just wants a hat. He doesn't lose things as easily as his brother. Haha. Thanks for the contest!
Babysitter from KY is the best i can do.
Nope! It's 6:30 here. Good enough for me!
