[If you don't give up, you will be surprised on how you may tie/win](http://prntscr.com/7bx98k)   ^^backstory: There was another hacker, but he left at around 12:12, he had 27 kills (really bad wall hacker) the guy with 0 kills was at -1 kills the whole game until the last round, he was not AFK. Yes, I was the one who died to him :( He run n gunned me with an M4...
Haha, i know right. Reddit sometimes. Lucky me I have plenty of comment Karma :)  edit: When i provided proof to inevitably prove them wrong, I instantly started receiving up-votes
I fell asleep in class before, and when the teacher woke me up I said "But the terrorists are planting the bomb"
Be Right Back, jumping off a cliff.
It just didn't cross my mind, when ever I saw some professional getting 100,000 Kills on his ST I wanted to be the first to get a 1,000,000. So I just hopped on an Idle server and started sprayin
Nope. I'm not trolling, I mean it doesn't really matter, but I just got trade banned out of no where. I didn't do anything abnormal,
This is in a different language sorry, do I just hit the green button? I believe you have to do a series of holding the home and off button, but am afraid that when I hit the button of it is still in (Chinese?) [Screenshot](http://prntscr.com/7g0vnx)  EDIT:   Nevermind, clicked the     button,    this    was    incredible    easy    t han  k      you
I feel sad that you only went up to 80 hours/week.     I average 120+hrs /week :'(
Usually around 12, how ever I do pull full 24/hrs often. Only this much in summer though,
Yeah I'm sub 18. My parents don't really care how long I spend on video games. I really do not have anything else to do, just recently moved out of state so I have no friends here yet.
I did, several months later I'm LEM. I didn't play any casual till I was about MG
Yes, I showed it to her a while back, she plays a lot in her free time
Haha, I did something similar in COD once, a long time ago. I was trying out a new gun (I was very young, pls ignore stupidity) wanted to see if it was fully automatic, so I looked at a wall and shot, and it said I got a head shot through the wall on the killfeed
I got scared when I clicked on the Youtube link and he said "This is doctor Levi" Because my name is Levi...
Hahaha, Sorry for the odd question, i mis-read the title and thought you said you were a guitar teacher. Still a great answer though xD
They want to have a fair and fun game. Getting stomped and the top fragger has 65 kills, is not fun.  When I was a silver, I hated smurfs and thought it was why I was stuck in Silver. Of course it wasn't,
Yeah I looked at a road sign, and the joke just came to me.
Ya caught me, I looked at a joke book and added a couple underscores :(
I mean I can tell the center of my monitor just fine without the crosshair. That's just me tho
Did I say I was? I couldn't care less if someone I was playing against was using a crosshair, as I can just tell the center of my monitor which is quite easy to do. I'm also not that bad with cl_crosshair 0
It worked for me
Tell her that you will break up with her if she doesn't give you the skin. (Same way I dated girls in the first grade for gum)
Yea I was seeing how many downvotes I could get.
I don't remember this
Yeah i didn't have much help, it took me less than a year to go from Silver 4 to DMG, but DMG to LEM took a lot longer.
Just like my dad :'(
I got my refund within 15 minutes, it's automated now.
I can dislocate my thumb
Wait, what the fuck? Does Codsworth say "Levi" for everyone?  My IRL name is Levi, and I named my character Levi, and it called me Levi in Codsworths voice, I just assumed it was really good text to speech...  EDIT: Turns out there is a preset of names codsworth can say, Levi is one of them! :D
694,023 Why I haven't been here recently -   1. Stay up all night  2. Get sleeping pattern off track  3. School starts again  4. Force my self to sleep for a couple hours in the middle of the night when I'm not tired  5. Just enough sleep to get through school without being tired  6. Get tired just as I get home (3:35)  7. Fall asleep (4:00) until midnight (12:00)  8. Spend the rest of the night trying to go back to sleep  9. Repeat
689,155 I should probably go to bed, 3:28 AM... Even though I just woke up from an 8 hour nap 3 hours ago.
689,159 Yea I got to get to bed, cya 3:30 AM
I hope I get above 30 on the ACT (8th grade)
Exactly what i am trying to figure out  Edit: He stole a necklace You can see it in this frame http://i.imgur.com/tfHSG59.jpg
i-i-i do...
Yea Im a refreshin king!
No it's that I always get really excited when I get an actual inbox reply, but then it is really depressing to find out it is just some random stuff.
Because my life is dope, and i do dope things
I'm late, but let me explain. First of all, I have over 11,000 counts and box has over 3,000. When we count, we usually chat. We go a few 10's and add a comment, it is constantly switching from 1 person to another counting. If a bot were to be coded to taking a random amount of time to respond (1-4) seconds, I consistently get 2 second replies, anything slower I'd be able to beat when I am running. /u/AdinidA /u/Rschaosid and /u/Rideride are the fastest counters on the sub currently, ride ride has over 1% of his counts as 1 second replies, but you can easily tell he is not a bot because he chats and doesn't run for extended periods of time, despite getting 1s replies often.  Also, if a random new counter out of no where shows up and starts getting 2s avg replies and does a super fast run with one of our faster counters, he is probably a bot. And the counter counting with them would likely know this real quickly.
/u/spoiler-walterdies can I stick my dick in your wife while I'm over there?
&gt; TL;DR: No one cares. No one will read this. But it was a fun little game, and you lost. Have a good day u/EVOSexyBeast!  Lol ok, I lost. It was fun and funny though, hahaha
708 041 Do you wonder how i respond so quickly?
There is a 3 ft gap that every one has to walk through. If you cant fit through in an emergency, you pose a risk to every one else on the plain.  Also, no one wants to sit next to a fat person who's fat leaks over into the other seat.
Nope! That is what we do all the time, the rules are really lenient. It is super hard to get banned, just don't be a bot. The reason why we haven't had too much of an issue with bots, is because the only way to be able to count with a bot and not easily be caught, is to occupy the bot at all times, which would be super boring. We only do this because it's fun.  Once you get to know the community, ins and outs of counting (there is more to it than you'd think) you will find it to be real easy to find a bot.
I actually found it on a YouTube video, then went to go post it there to find out it had already been posted, but i posted it anyway because it was 4 months ago and only 2,000 likes.
&gt;  If you learn lucid dreaming then maybe you'll find them more pleasant.  I did this, sex with any one I want is fun!
I can only read things in others voices if I am caught of guard. If the title wasn't "Internal Voice Actor" I would have been able to hear them. When I do know about it, it is my usual internal voice doing an impression of the character.
I'll print it out and brink it to he movies with my gf
"My twin owes me big time"
725,290 Dibs!  Lmao there was this new hot chick who came into our class on Friday, some weirdo yelled out "DIBS!"
