God yes. The community has millions of map ideas, from competitive to casual and even total joke maps. Hammer is just a mess for those unwilling to spend the hundreds of hours navigating it.  I always wanted to make a GPit-style map, this has me interested.
I hate getting interrupted when I explain stuff, but I absolutely cut people off when I know they're not saying anything useful.
Cedric Benson used to come to my Walgreens. Really nice but very quiet.
Oh guys I got it.  Well get him for Anisimov, Atkinson, Kerby Rychel, and the 2016 First.
I remember seeing a discussion about that maybe a month or two ago. I made the argument that since the Giants would have a better QB in Rivers and a few extra draft picks to build a team with, they'd have a better run at more division titles and possibly more Super Bowls.
Technically, dopamine is the only thing that really makes me smile.
Nailed it with the juice. Sure, it's convenient, but most of the nutrients and especially fiber is all but eliminated. We have a lot of health problems in our society due to how we eat, but a lot of it comes from a widespread fiber deficiency and excessive intake of processed sugars.  I used to munch on the "healthier" chips (think sweet potato or avocado chips), but now I'm substituting it with low-glycemic fruits and veggies when I do longer gaming sessions.
One of my good friends got married last year. He loves gaming, but he also loves a challenge. So he decided to set himself a really arbitrary challenge for himself in Dark Souls 2 (I think it was he had to use a shit weapon for the whole game or something). On the day of his wedding, he spent like five hours beating an optional boss before driving up to his wedding and was the last one of the wedding party there.
So he can play 3rd pair minutes?  I'd like to get a Top 4 guy but with defense being at a premium this free agency it's going to be a crapshoot to get some talent. Wouldn't mind taking this guy for cheap tbh.
I missed the Kickstarter but wish I could've backed it. :(  Still going to buy it!
Playing video games.  Huh. That's what I did today, too. Happy anniversary, video games!
Why wouldn't it? I make a category every sale cycle for games I bought and need to play through, and don't go through more games until they're done. And by the time there's another sale cycle, the games I missed are there for a lower price.
We'd be the dish that makes you not return for four to six weeks for an abdominal injury.  Sooooo everything at Applebee's.
Artem Anisimov, our first, Kerby Rychel, one of our seconds this year, and our first for next year.
And we have three of them! Come to Daddy...
Pompeii was terrible. I'm pretty sure it was made for the sole purpose of getting teenage girls to see Kit Harrington's abs.  My fiance called Keifer Sutherland saying, "You bitch!" near the end, about the only good part of it.
Every time I venture to Wisconsin, I have to be sure to grab a case of that Spotted Cow.  I also recommend Capital's Dark Voyage. It's a Black IPA and it's awesome.
I hung out with the punks and skaters in high school and, while not to the degree of what black teens face, it does happen sometimes. Then again, our town was pretty white at the time, so I imagine that cops just have a natural instinct to pick out who the "troublemakers" are based on looks.  And no, my friends didn't do anything wrong to deserve a random search/detaining on the streets.
Shit I just sold prenatal vitamins to a girl born in like 2001.
Pharmacy tech here. Suboxone and Methadone still have properties that can make users dependent on those drugs, and as such they have to be dispensed with the same rules that we would treat narcotics (Schedule III and II, respectfully). Laws governing buprenophine, one of the drugs in Suboxone, are as such that doctors are limited to the number of patients they can see because there's a lot of auditing and review that comes alongside that responsibility. It's admittedly broken. Add to the fact that some insurances don't cover it, and a lot of recovering addicts are having difficulty getting jobs to pay for it in the first place, and you can easily see why Suboxone is a high-demand street drug.  Hopefully with the pending Ohio law in regards to allowing naloxone (the drug that "shuts down" overdoses) to be purchased at the pharmacy counter, we'll be able to save lives, but whether or not it will actually slow down or stop heroin use has yet to be seen. In the meantime, there absolutely needs to be a public needle exchange program and more focus on treatment than incarceration.
I made this trade proposal, too.  In all honesty, we've been looking to deal Arty for a defenseman since the Nash trade. And Rychel is just another piece we have too much of. The trade makes so much sense for everyone, and if Arizona still wants defense, they should have Provorov or Werenski available.
I made this trade proposal, too.  In all honesty, we've been looking to deal Arty for a defenseman since the Nash trade. And Rychel is just another piece we have too much of. The trade makes so much sense for everyone, and if Arizona still wants defense, they should have Provorov or Werenski available.
Nice! How's Montana treating you?
Oh fuck call 911 fuck fuck fuck
Get more Defense, it appears.  I'm OK with this.
Well at least we only spent a low 6th to draft him, so it's not like we're taking a huge risk in drafting him. If he gets sick of Russia after a year or two, he can develop there and make an impact in the NHL almost immediately while the visa trouble gets worked out.
We did, when there was news of Bob coming off the IR...
I live across the street and have never gone.  I'm ashamed.
Also the Grand Canyon is only a few hours away. Highly recommend checking out the Skywalk.
I once had a mother bring in prescriptions for her two sons, Ricardo and Ricardo. They were born four years apart from each other.
Work in a pharmacy. Can confirm a lot of cash-paying narcotics and amphetamines leaving my store on the first Friday of the month.
There's enough room in my soul to hate them more.
Welp, time to preorder on Amazon then. They got the bundle going for $60, $48 if you have Prime. Because you are sure as hell not getting it otherwise without a premium.
Saving this for after work. Looks interesting.
A cup of tea, a good book, some calories for the game that night, and then a one-hour sleep session on a down-mattress, where Brandon peacefully dreams of beating up Ovechkin using Crosby's limbs.
Welp, that's what I get for using Wikipedia on mobile. :P  But even then, it's pretty close.
A lot of them are barcades nowadays. Aside from the Dave and Busters and Gameworks in my town, we have two smaller scale barcades in the middle of my city that take good care of their equipment and are huge retro gamers themselves. The market is more or less assigned to people born in the 70s and 80s, kids today just aren't getting into them the way they are into mobile games.
"I'm making bread. You? Bread?"
I was just there with my pug yesterday. Definitely open.
The building next to ours has been looking for tenants for a while. We pay $800/month for a one bedroom in Hyde Park, close to a lot of bars, restaurants, and shops and it has free heat. I can PM you contact info if needed.
I got three jerseys, all blank.  So far it has turned out to be a good investment.
The square can be scary at night. People tend to drive over the speed limit and are hesitant when there are pedestrians. If anything there needs to be more lighting at the crosswalks.
We had a top tier Speech, Drama, and Debate (aka Forensics) team for a very long time, but because the school administration thought it was "gay," our funding got cut to bits while all the Football teams with losing records got fancy new equipment and turf every year.  Our Forensics coach ended up quitting after I graduated and went to our "rival" school, where he started a team from nothing and made them best in the state.
Mine was more like,  1) Be 10, Weird Al is awesome!  2) Be 13, get made fun of for liking Weird Al.  3) Be 21, Weird Al is cool again.  Teenagers suck.
Oh god the one thing I'll miss about not working in the west side anymore is that restaurant. Goetta  omelet for life.
If you're a science/health/nutrition junkie like me, any of the Dr. Rhonda Patrick episodes are pure gold. Such a crazy amount of information and they never skip a beat.
Well, they don't have the fancy $8 cocktails that I'm aware of, usually I'll get like three beers while I'm there and it'll run me like $20 with tip.
http://kendallhaleart.tumblr.com/post/143817546754/im-tired-of-getting-these-stupid-offers-to-work
I'm a mod at /r/imaginejuggalos.  We don't have a lot of content, but a neat idea: Photoshop famous people as though they were fans of Insane Clown Posse.
I smoked very, very briefly and this was about the only time I really lit up. Like, I'm talking a pack a month. The key is to know it's fucking terrible for you before you start so that if you notice yourself picking it up more often, it won't be as hard to quit cold turkey.
