I am in college and i need to get a field placememt for my program. I applied to 3 places but so far i have no response. I am so worried that my placement will be delayed until next year. Will i be getting a placement for this september?
I know that [temple!](http://www.baps.org/Global-Network/North-America/Toronto.aspx) its in my city. I've only been there once but it is stunning.
Right next to my college there is a forest path and during my breaks i go walk along there and spend my time and relax
Hey do you need someone to talk to? Pm me. I am a college student studying social service work
Ive had to leave stores because a kid crying was really fucking with my anxiety
which city? i live in southern ontario as well
I have been reading Elder Futhark runes for about  2 years now.  this is what they said for you  Current situation - Eihwaz - Defence  You are looking for a way to defend yourself from any more issues or the issues that are already at hand  What to look out for - Uruz (reversed) -strength  Make sure you are not defeating yourself. There might be people using your own strength against you or you could be doing the same thing to yourself. Make sure not to exhaust yourself  End result - Berkana - growth/ birth/renewal of all things  Every situation you endure will always enhance your growth process. Your current situation is not your final destination. With each death there is a birth and with each birth there is a death. The cycle of life continues  I hope this was helpful
i can somewhat relate  i feel towards the druidic path but i am also close to celtic, norse and more recently, an egyptian god. This is generally why i do not like to label myself. I like to flow freely through paths and for me the reason why i love paganism is because there is no set rule or path.  i hope this provided you some insight.
such a pathetic question. I will be mentoring youth, many of which never had decent fucking parents to assist them...
Hi :)  * I'm 23 years old * I live in southern Ontario * I've been a heathen for 1 and a half years now * I am almost done college (graduate this year!) * I am asexual * I'm into extreme music (metal/punk) * I love playing games, pm me for my steam if you'd like * I'm female * I love photography and writing!
Not eating can be a sign of depression and he seems avoidant. Have you thought about sitting down with him and have a chat just a simple "hey how are you, do you wanna grab a bite with me?" Can be powerful
i love this and i love seeing so many different types of people cosplaying!
Good luck with everything!  May i have a link to your blog?
This guy had some of the most craziest youtube drama ever. Him and his wife and ex wife craziness. I cant remember what happened exactly but it was wild
oops my mistake....there was [another article](http://www.medicaldaily.com/your-hipster-beard-may-have-more-fecal-matter-dirty-toilet-it-really-unhygienic-332002) that said beards are dirty and i thought it was making rounds again
Please talk to someone about your problems. Talk to someone at school, maybe a teacher or the principal. There are shelters for youth. I know its easy for me what to tell u what to do from a distance but please try to research services available for youth in your area.
I really hate how people can turn a social medium into something terrifying and shady. I fucking hate people like this so much. I have been gaming for years and i have made some life long friends from gaming and its great when stuff like that happens but when children get manipulated i have no sympathy for the manipulators
ah i see, but you are doing a good job being his advocate and sticking by his side :) !
I live in mississauga. We were famous for a bit because of our mayor
The lack of social skills is the only thing that sounds like autism to me. Some of the extreme emotional outburts could also relate to it. Please dont take my word 100% i am not a professional i only do social service work and am not a therapist or psychologist. You need to speak to a professional about these symtpoms you can talk to your doctor and they can refer you to a psychotherapist
Yeah ? Do you also live in Ontario?
I feel similar about getting a job in my career field. The field i am in doesnt have good pay but i do it bexause i love and it feels so good not to have to force myself to be in a field i hate and a job i hate just to feed some future brats.
sigh this is what i was like when i was an """eclectic neo-pagan''""
when is this being released??? i have been waiting forever
My boyfriend was sexually and physically abused as a child up until he was 11 years old. This caused serious trauma and learning issues as he was growing up (violent outbreaks, he was sort of a feral child for a time due to the severity of the abuse). He developed PTSD and he already suffered from a psychosis and bi-polar disorder. He grew up in a low income area and his mother was a drug user herself. His trauma also caused him to absolutely hate everything about himself.  He ended up getting into all sorts of drugs because of family issues, ill coping mechanisms, trauma, no support etc. He also ended up living on the street for part of his life. He ended up going to jail and spent about 1 year in there.   He was a completely broken man after jail, when I look at pictures of how he was in the past, he looks absolutely different than how he looks now.  It took him a while to get clean and get out of his situation but he lived an incredibly difficult life and the abuse he went through was terrible, he resorted to drugs because he had nothing else and knew nothing else. I can absolutely tell you that jail did nothing for him but break him down and harden him. He did not deserve to be put through that, he needed help, support, and proper care. The system did nothing for him and he is almost 2 years clean but he did not deserve to be put in jail and punished for his actions. What he dealt with in jail and was forced to do causes him suicidal ideation which he still struggles with amongst everything else.
some of it is definitely failure for me, other times it's fear of loss which can be crippling.
Sigh and its terrible because you start to gas light yourself even though you know you are right :/
read my stuff? ill pay ya
wowee :) definitely favouriting this site, i gotta do more writing now so I can get you to read it haha.
Welcome :D  I remember when I was 16 and I was thinking to myself "oh boy one day I have to have kids :(" and then in that moment I realized I dont have to have a miserable life and do something I don't want to do and I was like "Oh yeah no I dont :) I can choose!"
&gt;It's one of the reasons I'd never want to be pregnant  Right?? sometimes i feel like an ass about how I act on my period, but this is like 10x worse. e.e
oh my god, this reminds me of when I was in highschool (a catholic one) and one of the chaplains told us that our body doesn't actually belong to us. Lol, fuck....
i just think rocks are neat so i collect gem stones
do not want them, never have wanted any. Don't have any amazing reason not to want them, I just have 0 interest in being a parent and I do not like the lifestyle at all. Not everyone is fit to be a parent or should be one because they can.
i'm sorry i have allergies :(
this really hits home
reasons why i need constant validation 101 lmao
i'd attempt to open that door for 50 bucks
It was a terrible time for me, got cheated on, mom lost her job, dad had a heart attack. I was fresh out of college, looking for jobs, full of anxiety. Had tons of panic attacks, parents were fighting a lot, ended up developing IBS from all this shit.
went to school for social service work, my ultimate goal is to work with youth but i'm currently working in the medical field. I kind of like it here and I'm just floating around working and looking for new things to learn. I'm open to trying new jobs and roles, I like a bit of everything really.
I have a rose incense that was like 5 bucks
I have an entry level job with a well known insurance company. I basically do the same. Its low stress and pays decent. I really dont mind at all...better than being in dept from trying to sell garbage products
I get what you are saying, but being a child in an over crowded family can be difficult. The kid may not have their own personal space, may get less attention, not having their needs and wants fully realized etc.
fuck thank you so much for showing me this band!
Im a loser nerd who has a medieval wallhanger sword and i also own a german great helm. I love mounted weaponry.
Lmaoo ive had a dream i was at one of those huge mlm meeting convention and i was getting mad at everyone there
This made me so fucking angry....ugh im so sorry you had to deal with that shit
Haha i love this community 😂😂
Holy shit. I would never put this or any of their stuff on my face. I got dry sensitive skin so i gotta becareful. I shudder thinking what this would do to my face
Fuck this reminds me of my trashy ex
