Black and White 1 (Never played 2 not sure about them) had a solid route if you pay good attention. You can go back and forth with a volcarona for ez hatching. I also liked to go to the train station and run by putting a small rock on b and right.
Yeah, being a 9 year old with Diamond, I picked Infernape and proceeded to always died on Bertha
Same, it took me 2 years to beat her and my parents grounded me when I beat her so I had to wait a week to go to the endgame shit.
Mine was 2003
Well, all the asians in my class get straight A's... You guys are fucking smarter than us, of course they give ya'll higher marks
That's why I always count when the movie says an even will happen in *x* seconds. I love it when it is withing a second or so.
I am trying for this too. You need no wheat, Desert Folklore, and William on a Sandblasted map. YOU BECOME GOD! My science is literal ages above everyone else, and my religion gave city states and orgy
For 3 years, every Friday, I would get pan friend perch at the Mill in Door County WI.
Me too
No, they can't, I spend time in a rural area, and it takes 40 minutes looking at the sky before I see most of the stars
I know, he wasn't DFA-ed at the time I said this, and I wasn't sure if we would give someone else. I must have not mentioned it. It was early when I posted it.
I didn't hear that until after the thread was posted.
1: I have a neighbor who has two wild young kids, so maybe Venice, the parents chill and do one thing, while the kids mess around and do other shit. So Venice.  2: My other neighbor is an anti social asshole who never shovels their driveway/sidewalk, ect. They would be Dido or Nebuchadnezzar
No, I've been told by many doctors I have great eyes. I have a house on Lake Michigan, and when I sit on the beach away from all light but the stars, it takes a while for my eyes to see ALL the stars, I always see the brighter ones, but it takes about 1/2 an hour to see most of the stars.
This is me in a nutshell, " When are the Cubs playing? *Looks at schedule* OFF DAY? *Mopes around all day*
As a Cubs fan, we hate the mets. I want to thank all you beautiful people. Can I get an up vote for more Mets destruction?
Yeah, millenial here, I am a teen and can't vote until 2020. How am I ruining the country?
To be fair, online, us millenials are assholes. I have been insulted many times by people who are doing worse than me in a game, just to stroke their egos like mommy did.
Yeah. I used the steam winter sale to get my complete edition
150hrs here. 400 turns because I wanted to go for a nuke X com to get a domination victory.
I should give you gold. Sorry I'm poor.
Even though I was 10 when they hit, I never really saw them for years afterwards. I got my first phone 2 years ago, I vividly remember when my friends would run around and our parents wouldn't care, and nowadays I think it sucks that I had to get Skype to talk to my friends outside of school or sports.
I remember when I found leftovers as a kid in Village Bridge in my copy of Black, when I reset I went back there and didn't realize it was RNG. I checked trash cans for 2 hours.
I played a game against him once, I made a nemesis out of him, stole the cities he was taking over with XCOM. (I was two eras ahead) I then nuked all his cities and forced him to backstab his only friend to stay alive. His empire is reduced to one city and a pile of ash when I razed everything he owned. Then I took over the last capital with a nuke and XCOM and won EZ
I didn't know that. I heard people who picked up CIV v had a tough time with espionage so I assumed it was new in Civ V
Bonkers suck. (No pun intended) they come at the worst times. Like when a bunch on little girls are sitting in your lap.
I slept, woke up, went downstairs, turn on the tv, see the Cubs playing, "sweet!"
I lost connection and it counted me as abandoning. Should I be banned for an hour for Valves server crapping out?
A TF2 key. I have control of the entire steam market!!!!!
As a religious person, just seems to me like it was a bunch of assholes shitting on other people's beliefs.
I took this photo when episode 2 came out. Darn me and being too lazy for imgur.
Okay. I found I can kill them but run out of bombs to clear the exits.
You gotta be subtle about it. The other guy who did it was lax and got upvoted for it. You got downvoted for being a loud mouth. Even though we know you obviously know what a huge vagina is like from experience.
Banging your GF's sister instead of her.
Hannah is that you?   (We have a teacher that does that and it drives Hannah up the fucking wall)
u/UnfortunatelyLawless is one of the regulars over at r/ChiCubs and we lover her for her sexual attraction to every man on the team.
When I told an autistic kid that gullible was written on the ceiling.   For the instant karma factor, my mom laminated things for the teachers at my old school, she comes down the hall and sees a teacher chewing me out outside the class. Kidna FUCKING awkward.
I can't get the class to start, I have a flassroom, but for some reason it never starts. I go to start in the programs tab and it never works.
I play a lot of turbine too. It's a good map for hectic midfights.
E gay has bad logic in my experience.
Not nessicarily dangerous, but I uninstalled it out of frustration just after my free weekend for rainbow six siege ended. So I have no real opinions.
My least favorite character is Calliou so I came when I saw this.  My favorite is Soldier from TF2.  Round 1: Soldier sync jumps as he lands and cancels out the damage.  Round 2: Soldier can use the Concheror to take less damage and speed up as he goes through the hall. (And escape plan to make him run at speeds of up to 15 meters per second)  Round 3: He could have a medic ubercharge him? That's it but I'll say it works.  Round 4: He dies instantly.  Round 5: Soldier has feats of surviving in the Siberian winter with nothing, only coming out mildly hungry, with his regenerative abilities, he should be fine.  Round 6: Medic ubercharge cop out here.  Round 7: Soldier's ability to respawn was mentioned to be somewhat canon in certain Valve sources. I think he respawns and at the last second before he final heat death, medic ubercharge to outlast it.   I kinda copped out on rounds 3, 6, and 7, but who cares.
I see a lot of brits here too.
Oh. Well, I've been wrong for like 2 years now.
Final Fantasy X. I still have it.
The game crashes when I fire my gun. And servers were down from New Years to the 3rd.
21 and I've only seen one Snorlax.
Have 6 million extra unwanted people in your country? Try gas chambers!  jesus i need help.
I slowly rise over time. When I get to 500 I buy my guild a chest.
I was watching a TV show, so this chick gets pregnant and her fiancé (the father) wants an abortion. She says "No, I am catholic" and I say, "What the hell?"   One of the main rules of Catholicism is no sex until marriage. So it only works when it's convenient for you?
