Its okay, i survived.
These all sound like some fun for a more advanced character, i will try it out wih my already-made character tho
My personal favorited are *"12 Angry Men"* and *"the Treasure of the Sierra Madre"*
I typed it on my phone in like 7 minutes so i guess that explains the quality
Already played this lol... I played a rapper from New Reno who just gets drunk kn vodka, whiskey, then jet and heads to the casino to gamble away
I write and publish books in my free time. Not even my closest friends know.
Away for a week, can't play fallout until monday, don't have any fixer. Halp plz.
Sounds good, if i have to say! I never actually thought that people would want to read it right away... Should have though that through. I will make some adjustments to the story and will try to get it up soon!
This. FUCKING. INFURIATES ME. What the fuck kind of friend is he? And that response... I've never cringed harder, worse than /r/cringe ... God damn. I'm sorry but i'm fucking pissed at this shithead. You don't even need to get revenge, just find a way for him to pay you back, be assertive, and make him feel like the guilty little shit he is. Trust me, i've been there- and if nothing works, you can always try the nuclear option of parents. I never liked it, but seriously thats a shitload of points... I assume you didn't buy those, so tell you parents how mich money those points would have been in real world money to have more effect. I can't believe he would just take your points to upgrade his shitty team. You must be the chillest person ALIVE.
I love you
Getting slammed in 2 courts at once
*center. Do you live outside of the U.S?
This sounds like something i might do my first ever playthrough, just to get a feel for everything.
Im a bulls fan but i usually play suns just to make things interesting
Blonde, British accent, snowboarder, attractive.
You had no friends as a child
You favorited the porn.
Fortunately, i can provide an opposing view for discussion purposes.  I really was leaning towards Amita for the course of the Campaign, she really seemed to have the better plan. I agreed that the only way to keep Kyrat going is to establish a market on an international stage by selling anything we could find, even if that meant opium. Sabal's POV really seemed unnecessary to me; i didn't really care about the culture or the religion, i wanted the best for the future of Kyrat. But in Yuma's hallucination, i saw Amita draw more and more comparisons to Pagan Min; killing civilians in the name of Kyrat, destroying religion we were trying to keep for the locals, and she was biased on the POV of Kyrati customs and traditions. I was pretty horified, so i had no choice- Amita had to die. I never cared much for Sabal but push came to shove and eventually i shot Amita. And to keep things short, i let Pagan Min live. I never wanted to kill him, i wanted to side with him and i wish i could have. I wanted him gone however, and i'm glad i got the option to let him leave. I wish i could kill Sabal after that, i don't think he would be a good king. Besides, he idolized Mohan even knowing Mohan was a ruthless killer of a leader, like Pagan or Ajay.
Yes, FC2 was always my personal favorite.
Respect, i loved it. The Map Editor is my favorite feature in the FC series and i use it extensively, you must do the same.
Honestly. I picked the knicks and started to rebuild and i was able to trade for tim duncan, tony parker, zach randolph, mike conley, Gortat, bradley beal, jeremy lin, gordon hayward, and MCW.
I &lt;3 Chris Copeland. Dude is a stud, so many memories watching him.
/u/DrDickle don't worry at least you won't be playing Paul Pierce again in that 4th seed :)
After deleting facebook and hitting the gym
Jack it til u make a mess is what my uncle always said
I remember when theh said they were giving away practice jerseys for the first 2,000 and we got in at 1,474(never forgot) and we didn't get anything. I saw a total of 5 people walking around with practice jerseys that day.  But i got a Rose bobblehwad once so thats nice,
I did
My stomach hurts
I've heard the name La-a before.  Ladasha.
As an ex-officer, this may work. Or not. I actually had someone try that on me a few years back, in the southern cesspool of Alabama. They asked if they could pay the fine "in another way", and started touching the baton holstered in my tool-belt. I smashed their mouth with the butt of my gun and dragged them onto the road, keeping my foot on their neck (as you are trained to do). I screamed, "You NEVER touch an officer's baton, do you understand?" They tried gargling a response but my boy Tommy O'Neill (a real sweet guy, he only joined the force to pay the rent for his grandmother's cottage) smashed his fucking fist into their chest and slammed them against the hood of the car. "Thanks, friend." I said as he restrained the perp. "Anything for my partner," he said, smiling. He stood the now-dazed and confused criminal just outside the door of the police cruiser, then kicked him into the car using both of his legs. I threw some cocaine on his passenger seat and started burning the old family photos and letters that he had in his glove compartment. You probably think I'm a bad guy, but no one ever asked for the criminal's name. Abdul Shaki-Natasa, a known terrorist-sympathiser and anarchist. (The suspect was later released due to misidentification).
As an ex-officer, this may work. Or not. I actually had someone try that on me a few years back, in the southern cesspool of Alabama. They asked if they could pay the fine "in another way", and started touching the baton holstered in my tool-belt. I smashed their mouth with the butt of my gun and dragged them onto the road, keeping my foot on their neck (as you are trained to do). I screamed, "You NEVER touch an officer's baton, do you understand?" They tried gargling a response but my boy Tommy O'Neill (a real sweet guy, he only joined the force to pay the rent for his grandmother's cottage) smashed his fucking fist into their chest and slammed them against the hood of the car. "Thanks, friend." I said as he restrained the perp. "Anything for my partner," he said, smiling. He stood the now-dazed and confused criminal just outside the door of the police cruiser, then kicked him into the car using both of his legs. I threw some cocaine on his passenger seat and started burning the old family photos and letters that he had in his glove compartment. You probably think I'm a bad guy, but no one ever asked for the criminal's name. Abdul Shaki-Natasa, a known terrorist-sympathiser and anarchist. (The suspect was later released due to misidentification).
Im a badgers fan so i got lucky on that one
Kings. Only way i know is wisconsin badgers fan
Thanks. Like i said, i don't play MyTeam.  These downvotes make zero sense. He helped me, i thanked him. Fuck me right?
Hes a warriors fan he just started watching basketball cut him some slack
Anything could happen. If you asked me where the bulls would end up in 2010, i would have said D rose and Jo are sure fire HOF's...
Im a bulls fan that appreciates the game haha i have a bulls flair and get knocked out of the playoffs by him every year. You did all this research but couldn't figure out i was a bulls fan? Smh   #12 year old homer weak troll klay lmao
Trade him? Lol FOH.  Jo means more to this team than his minor contributions off the bench. He's not some stock option the Bulls have that if he sucks too much we just trade him for "pieces". He's the heart and soul of this team.
Thanks chinese bro. Who would have guessed it would have gotten darker? You are a savior.
When the pistons signed him and he started getting minutes, i thought it would never last. A guy that has absolutely 0 offensive game? A "defensive center" that is only 6'9? Wow, sounds like a D league desperation pickup.  I didn't realize how big if an i pact he had until he was shutting down Shaquille O'Neal in the finals.
I am just now realizung how many Warriors flairs there are in this sub nowadays.
I feel ya man. My dad's friend (old fart) lived in Philly when Wilt's 100 point game was being broadcastes over the radio. He's been a 76er's fan ever since, but as soon as Philly gets good, that fanbase will be crowded with fans.
You got it easy
*Here in my garage, just bought this new lamborghini...*
I always get downvoted to shit when i say that the Curry hype was like the Steve Nash hype back in '03-'04
His old GT was his own name and an inside joke, if somebody swoops in and takes it then it would be a miracle.
I fucking hate this sub when they endlessly circlejerk. LeBron has been pressured into acting like an idiot since he was just a kid in high school, and for 13 years he hasn't done anything controversially and morally wrong until now. And we fucking jump on him, like he kicked somebody in the nuts or personally put ads on jerseys. It's ridiculous, it really is. I've been apart of anti-LeBron circlejerks before, being a Bulls fan. But this is comically childish, and needs to stop. He didn't single-handedly give Draymond a suspension. Quite frankly, i think this is just a case of the straw that broke the camel's back for the league and Draymond; they're doing what they should have done in the OKC series.  I bet if LeBron goes back to winning that this whole thing washes away, and the worst circlejerk since Draymond last week will hopefully be put to rest. In fact, last week, this sub talked about how LeBron was the most scrutinized athlete in the NBA and he deserves more praise...then we scrutinize him? This sub is too toxic right now, and i don't like how volatile the front page content (decided by upvotes and downvotes from endless circlejerking) has become. I don't want to see 30 top posts about en event that doesn't even encoumpass an entire game. I don't want to see 30 top posts about the latest anti-*WHOEVER* circlejerk because its tiresome, i don't want my content decided by an angry mob who burns everything they don't agree with and upvotes every mindless piece of hate that anybody with a Twitter account could produce. Ayesha Curry could hate LeBron and get on the front page, but some actual journalist gets downvoted for playong devil's advocate?  Cut it.
You're an idiot, and you're wrong. My dad is Dan Gilbert and he said that i should burn in hell because he is literally satan.
Go Cavs! I like supporting my home team! Go team!
Lol i love wolf pup
