I love Proko... I just don't want to pay for his premium lessons without knowing the quality...  Kinda like Gnomon Workshop. Sure, they are amazing artist, but most of them are crap as teachers. They really just sell videos of them just doing, rather than them teaching.
I'm a newer player, and let me tell you this. The "L2P" crap is more annoying than you think. Especially when someone is playing this game blind on their first play through with Expert Mode on. And then learning that this game has made some wonky decisions to how combat works.  Especially when you don't have the same luxeries as everyone else did. [Linky](http://i.imgur.com/wqUIkt5.jpg)  Not saying that his team comp isn't garbage. But even with a good team comp, this game tends to skull f*ck you with overwhelming numbers featuring leveled mobs with stellar deflection and DR. Like a fight with 24 skeletons all at once at level 6. And you can't swap your weapons on the fly... nor do you have access to stash when ever.
Yeah I have second wind, but the delays on it means that it needs to be popped early. And yeah, it's literally only the overwhelming crap that's giving me problems.   50 shades of hell (a f*ck ton of shadows). The Bone train (F*ck ton of skeletons). Raedrics horrible 9(sic). A large mess of spiders (even the little guys are packing heat).  The whole pulling a few at a time does not work. Apparently the way this game i set up is that if a member of a squad gets  pulled, they all get pulled.
&gt;&gt;i never walk into a room that isnt cleared, 1 scout to check for traps and get a rough mob count/type.  Preaching to someone who already knows that. :P long time DnD and CRPG player.  Also while I don't mind having two wizards... given the way that a good deal of magic in this game behaves, and the lack of a decent number of spell casts... that just seems utterly pointless to me, and I'm ok with having just one. A lot of the times I actually use him to cast spells are just situational. If you are running off to go rest after every major rough fight, that seems like a very inefficient way to do things.
NONSENSE! I have no professional experience!
NONSENSE! I have no professional experience!
The other reason for data locality is that serialization in C++ becomes significantly easier when you do not need to patch pointers for allocations on the heap. It just becomes a matter of recording pointer offsets, and what ever data structure you are using can do the math at run time to find it's missing data.  This method of loading and saving is actually incredibly fast. It's also pretty good for sending data over a network or a local TCP connection. I'm doing that for my graphical debugger.
Some schools have a game programming program that gives you a certificate when you complete it.  Are you getting a BS? Or a MS? The link provided is for MS. I'll take at some possibilities that may help you.
I actually made a custom but curde automation program for my own project. I use a custom binary blob for archiving data, and some meta data for the editor.  The program only works by command prompt, but it can quickly compress and put all my resources into seperate files based on what they are, as well as generate meta data for the art assets.
Well it looks like ONE COMPANY has the right idea about hiring practices. I mean jesus christ I can't get a job because companies want professional experience and shipped games for an entry level job. Crap like that creates a catch 22 hell.
A few side projects. Examples of being able to produce professional looking Software Design Documents. A well used Engineering book chocked full with thoughts on solving specific problems. Including diagrams. Engineering-based problem solving skills.  And a drive to learn. I don't ever make it to the interview phase. I always get that ridiculously annoying and very generic "We're sorry but you were not selected for the job" message MONTHs after applying and hoping. Even submitting just as soon as that job post goes up.  I'm telling you man, I'm stuck in a Catch 22 hell that's a growing black hole with no escape.
... Are you a programmer for no man's sky?
Well I have seven ideas, but I'm reserving them for my own project :P. Just think of a way to do it different.
You don't.  Thievery is the hardest skill in this game to train, and I've eventually figured it out. Don't pick pocket until you get at least to 30, otherwise it's not worth your time. Just steal low valued items, or steal from new players. The new players will have a hard time trying to catch a low level thief, but you'll be able to clear out their coin purse stupidly fast. You will eventually get to a point where the punishment doesn't matter too much. The fines will be fairly cheap. And you will get to a skill where you get caught less. And trust me that can be really annoying when you're trying to get into one of the other thief guilds.... I spent half an hour trying to get caught and arrested. Then had to pay a fine by walking all the way down to the bank butt-naked, and going back to the court room.  And while I personally hate the idea that a thief is allowed to steal and completely clean out another thief in the same guild, you can do that as well. Chances are if they are having problems, you can stab them in the back. But it's not a good way to get a reputation with other players.
&gt;  developers I follow. I'm not sure where you'd class this, closed alpha or before or after that point, but they have a lot of nice things to show, and my game has about that much nice things to show. &gt; My main worry is because the few people I have shown like actually shown the game p  There comes a point when you need to learn to tone them out. If there are UI suggestions, you should probably really consider them, but if it's anything about gameplay - then take it with a grain of salt, unless it's really important.
Nah. It's the game. I rarely ever put my troops near open flames because of the game's mechanics get kinda wonky with how the enviorment falls apart. There will even be buildings or cars exploding for absolutely no reason. But enemies missing tends to strike the enviorment for me and sets shit on fire.
Full Sail probably wouldn't be worth it. I heard mostly bad views on it... but then again... it could be from people who didn't expect to work.  In all honesty, Digipen would probably be your best bet if you seriously want to go for the game design thing. But a general CS degree would probably be better, as it gives you a wider range of skill sets. Which you can then improve on while you work on a demo.  I'm not preaching anything though. I'm a Computer Science student at University of North Texas. The Computer science program here is really good. But so far, nothing compared to some of the Digipen stuff I have seen. Then again, it may be because the class list is more saturated, so finding the classes with similar content would be harder.
Well I'm jelly man. But I'll probably try pursuing a masters from them.
I'd probably try using Vertex colors then... and see how well that works out for me. If the colors are interpolated across the faces, then it's just a probabilit distribution.
It honestly doesn't need it. Unless you are doing really large scenes of course. But in my time of using it, I just used it to create pieces of a world, and put them together in my own editor.
For my current project, we're basing it heavily off of DnD, only it's the sort of campaign you have when the seriousness is at an all time low.  There's a type of mage based on the wild mage, we called the "Entropy Savant". When chaos is a bitch, she turns everyone on the battlefield into cats permanently.  The player would need to find a way to counteract the spell.
Doing a deferred renderer. I figure having a separate buffer for particles won't be all that costly, given that a majority of the time the particles are alpha blended. A ring buffer with a bit of space between the last batch should be enough to prevent it from over running the last batch.
How does that simply shader code exactly? O.o;  It seems pretty simple to me the way it is.  But thanks, I didn't think about using a really large buffer. I take it you mark it with the STREAM flag?
Like I said XD, a quick and dirty prototype to get it working with what I currently have. I had swapped over completely from Directx 11. The only OpenGL I had actually learned was 1.1...  When you're working with a tiled based 3D world, where the terrain is actually tiles of geometry similar to Dota 2 Reborn (Only supporting 10km of that mess... with 110 layers of height, performance hits the bucket with stupidity.
I should probably read that all the way through. To be honest, I actually stopped reading it when I first saw  &gt; We implement our approach as NV_PATH_RENDERING in OpenGL  Which made me a bit frustrated, as Nvidia tends to use the dog out of Nvidia only extensions and API.
He does have a point though, you could consider rolling your own flash interpretor.  Doom 3 BFG actually did this for their GUI, and it works pretty well. You can find their source code on ID's github. It's fairly basic, but it's a start, and it's REALLY easy to read.  I'm currently trying my hand at this myself. And I'm thinking about taking the action script code to the route that Second Life did with their LSL. That is instead of rewriting their interpreter, they rewrote their compiler to compile LSL into Mono Bytecode.  LSL ran slow as crap, but it was still faster than ActionScript. Moving it to Mono actually spead them up dramatically, and it wasn't a sells pitch either. After the change, all content developers noticed the speed up and immediately took advantage of it.  However it'd mean making a new compiler. I think Adobe has a Action Script Virtual machine on their github that may or may not have a compiler. You can also use SWFTools as inspiration. Keyword inspirtation. They use the GPL license, which might force your code's source to be revealed.  If I make any real headway with my project, I'll consider going open source with a liberal license. I'm a full time student nearing graduation however, so that might be a long time coming thing. Even then, it will be focused on OpenGL and Vulkan only. Not Directx.
STAHP! I'M TRYING TO GET YOU OUT!  Alright what ever, you clearly don't want my help! :/
Flyingjam is probably the most honest answer you can get.  Out of all the positions that goes into gamedev... Script Writers will have the BIGGEST catch 22 you will ever see. You need to make a name for yourself to get selected more often and justify your cost. However, you need to get the job to make a name for yourself. And because you are in such low demand. It's much harder.  My guess is... the best way to approach this at all, is to make a game yourself that goes viral. And I don't mean completely graphical. Think of a flash text adventure. If you can write a game that gets popular enough, you'll effectively build a name for yourself and can verify that you're decent enough to be selected. Because the public opinion of you is fairly high.  There are quite a few games out there that became viral in very short notice. A few of them NSFW. And a few of them SFW.  The other way you can do it, is to try and get hired by a company that's known for their MUDs. And yes, there's quite a few still active. Simultronics for instance.  But in all seriousness... don't hold your breath. Get a back up plan.
I've already tried it actually :P. Surprisingly, the array is still much faster than STD::Map perhaps unsortedmap would be better.
Several minutes was likely an overstatement, but you -can- tank with a thief.  It's just really frickin hard to do it for extended periods because you need to rotate your dodges and skills carefully. On top of positioning. It just took them a long time to notice the tank was down before anyone tried to rez him.  Given that outside of watching a few videos to get an idea on what the raid is like, and the mechanics. I was pretty much blind as it was my first time. So it's stressful as hell.
I know Zojia is Berserker. I only use the name to distinguish the ascended version from the lower tier version. Nah, this was the later attempts. The earliest attempts had an awkward demand for people with full Ascended gear only, which is pretty expensive to get on shorthand notice.  Anyways it worked well enough though as it kept the party alive. We came really close, but people just tilted on each other, then collapsed onto me.  I'm honestly not sure if it was the lack of DPS or the fact that I had toughness that got me kicked however. It felt more like Scapegoat syndrome, because they KNEW my equipment and setups in advanced. And they knew I had a full berserker set in my inventory if they wanted it swapped. It also wouldn't matter much if my toughness was Zero. As Aggro is also based on who's closest, maybe has a higher armor, and who's dealing the most damage. I can drop aggro at the tip of the hat with a stealth when the tank comes back so I'm not in the way.
**shrug** I don't know. I never made a commercial game.
I'd love to go, but unfortunately I'm both a college student, and a resident of Texas, which is halfway across the country v.v
One of my older projects actually had two modes.  Out of combat which allowed the entire world to interact reguardless of character movement.  And In-Combat which processed at a different style.  So the combat in In-Combat had some Rogue-like attributes. Think Pokemon Mystery Dungeon. That meant that the player moved and everything else moved.  There were some features that allowed you to plan ahead. But it wasn't all that great.  Another one I tried was when I tried making a Wasteland styled game for school in Unreal Engine. This one used a battle system similar to Baulders Gate. The idea of that one was to make fighting both strategic and frantic for the player. but that made things too hard.  Honestly, just play around with it dude. If you're in the early stages it won't matter how long it takes till you get something that feels right.
I love futurama for all of the clever science jokes and puns.  "He's going five times faster than the speed of light!" "That's breaking the laws of relativity. Lets bust em!" *activates police sirens*
I got plenty of time to not worry about climbing. I'm only level 16 with a few champions I really love in my catalogue.  Poppy, Leona, Soraka, Teemo (consistent in your face quad kills using the shrooms as both land minds and grenades. Funny that people forget about them when you get in their face), Kayle (whos probably consistently banned), Veigar, and Ahri
For me it is. Granted, I don't waste time clearing the enemy camp for a mark. I kill the large creature and bail out before the enemy jungler notices.
I'm not too worried about Yi. I learned that Kindred ROFLSTOMPS master yi early and late game. So I've got no problem with invading his jungle aggressively.
I've actually used the ult to kill a fed Warwick. It keeps him from healing anything as he wails on me. Your damage is pretty massive because they never build armor. And once the ult is finished press q and you will end him immediately.
Unranked. Came from Dota 2 after a friend got me into League. Level 19 and a half.
So I'm not the only one that noticed some specs can solo dungeons now. Story at least, hadn't tried the exploration.
Regen thief. A thief that hits like glass but outlatst. tanks. Heavy mix of damage and healing combined with shadow arts, acrobatics, and critical strikes. Pisses people off when I overstay my welcome and they still can't kill me.  Want to really piss people off? Take skelk venom and bring friend thieves with the same build.
Eh, new to me. I only noticed this about a month ago when I was taking a new player through the dungeons. I've noticed that I've been killing most things in two or three hits, bosses died a lot faster than I remembered too.  Side note, interesting how quick people are to downvote because of something that isn't exactly common knowledge to 90% of the players.
The fungus and baby would drive me into drinking.
I sympathize as well. But I'm pretty sure she can get federal aid...
Eh... I drive 136 miles of day total beteen work and home. Not that crazy If he pays well and up front.
The thing they don't tell you is to twist with your hips and tilt with your forward to to balance.
It doesn't take much to do a background check. You can do one online. I am apparently living in China according to mine..
Why the hell did I think cockroach. I know a friend with a bunch the size of cats. Would have mailed him a box of the hissing bastards
It depends I guess. Some homeless people are likely trying to save money to get out of their current situations. I remember one with a dog that's been saving up for a year to return to New Mexico from Texas so they can live with family and get back on their feet by getting a job.
