Hopefully people will start buying from their local butchers. I am quite sure ( as sure as a vegetarian of 25 years can be ) that your local butcher will not only give you the country of origin he will give you directions to the farm where the cow lived a happy life, and it may just be within a 20 minute bike ride of your house.
The Human Be In. Death Of The Haight Funeral. Few other videos from 68 as well. I have all of the above but in storage, I know Im missing a bunch. Justin Krutzman compiled a bunch for a video montage, great quality.
Sun Stones. They are a yellowish crystal-mineral stone that glows if held up to the sun. They can be found on a few beaches around town. Ive never seen them off of the island.
I am in the exact same boat. 297 light, never raided. Ill add my details when I get home.
Love it! I havent played DnD seriously in 30 years but man that is the kind of thing I used to dream of, deluxe for us was drafting graph paper that was ruled to to the mm.
I just puked in my mouth.
I was 16 mid 80s. A group of friends and I had a friend whos parents went away every weekend to their cottage. We had weekly psychedelic experimentation. These sessions started off with a movie being the focus; Altered States, 2001, Cronenberg movies, Ralph Bashki films, blacksploitation films, animated movies like Secret Of Nihm etc.  One night it was Pink Floyds The Wall, and the power of the music combined with the substances and visuals eventually our nights became highly planned and focused music appreciation sessions. We started off with Pink Floyd and that slowly expanded to The Grateful Dead. Then we got copies of The GD Movie, RCMH ( Dead Ahead ), So Far etc.
CBC and CFUV are all I listen to radio wise. Thankful to have these two in an otherwise desolate and hopeless Victoria radio landscape.
When I was 17 I camped out over night to buy tickers to his Glass Spider Tour in 1987 at CNE Stadium Toronto. Despite all the changes I went through in my musical tastes in my life Bowie never left my music collection.
Try to buy a 10kilo bag of rice, a 10 kilo bag of lentils, a 15 kilo bag of flour and a 10lbs bag of dried beans. Keep those in the pantry for the next 3 months and add them to dishes. We eat a lot of mexican, and I make my own pizza doughs 1-2 times a week ( and scones, banana bread, muffins etc ). Seems to save us a lot of money. # not saying you are wrong, I was back east in Ontario for a month and groceries were %25 less expensive, my guess is wayyyyy more competition is the reason, I have brought this up numerous times here in other threads, but for some reason any talk of more grocery stores coming to Victoria gets people upset and + downvotes.
Its a fake meat type burger, TBH that is not my fave type of burger, so I am a bit biased.
Will be trying this, thanks! Have never eaten in Logans I dont think, seen some good shows there though.
Where at Uvic ? I heard at one point there was a veggie restraunt there, we drove up and nobody had heard of it?
Moneys come in 6 packs, can get them at Lifestyles. They also have a veggie breaded cutlet at Lifestyles that i like even better, put that on a bun with toppings and homemade fries.
Jerry ripping Ziggy Stardust out of Space at Redrocks 78. Ooops that was just a dream I dreamed long ago......
I asked the company as they were cutting them down, as I lived downtown and my children played under the dinosaur trees weekly if not daily. He said it was not in the vision of the new owners. I call complete bullshit on safety.
I buy happy meals and hand them out, particularly on holidays when a lot of soup kitchens are closed or have short hours. No possible way will I ever give money.
Ha, reddish hair 40ish missing a bunch of teeth ? If so, no that is ANOTHER person and she is horribly horribly addicted to meth-crack-pills-everything. I used to live in that area and see her daily and how she is still alive is beyond comprehension.
VERY EXCITED, woke up at 5am and my first thought in my groggy brain was will The Beast be unleashed today ?
Right, you are correct, did they ever just do "Cryptical" without The Other One ? I have always refered to the Suite as Cryptical if it starts and ends with Cryptical; Cryptical-Otherone-Cryptical instead of the proper terminology of Thats It For The Other One. I suppose I should re listen to Hundred Year Hall ( or Eu72 Box ) and see if they tease Cryptical anywhere in that massive and dark Other One but I seem to remember studying that very conundrum and coming up empty but it will be a fun exercise none the less.
Send Cam packing, I think his attitude was more of a locker room distraction than theses professionals let on. No way should we resign Marshawn, again I believe there was a lot of back room drama with him we were not privy to because our team is like a brotherhood and most of them are gentlemen and professionals ( in attitude ).
I have tried about a dozen. Go with one without an external power supply. Better to buy a few 2.5 TB ones than put everything on a 5TB and have it fail. BACK IT UP. Over writing is the enemy and can lead to errors in the long run. So in short have a 2.5 HD that you use as your player, this you can delete add delete as you wish, but keep everything else on another HD that you only write to and only connect to add more source material to. I have had amazing performance from the Toshiba, they are very sturdy cased as well.  http://www.amazon.com/Toshiba-Canvio-Basics-Portable-Drive/dp/B00N2S6W86/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&amp;qid=1453251774&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=toshiba+HD
When was the last time VICPD handed out a ticket to a bus driver!? They regularly and flagrantly speed through intersections with pedestrians in them. I have called BCtransit on one driver he almost hit myself with my baby in a stroller during a walk signal. Maybe you could take a few hours a month to look at this ....
I am salty; LOL. I am not religious in the least. I just think Victoria has a generally shitty and underfunded public school system ( most likely all of BC ). I also believe Catholic schools offer in most cases a better education, more specialists, more EAs, more sports and smaller class sizes. I also, unlike yourself am not upset by people having the right to chose religion, chose private schools or to divert their school taxes how they see fit. Not sure if you are a parent or not, but as I said before you seem quite upset by others choices about things that do not effect you what so ever ( edit notice i have said "i believe" where you see to know what is best for everyone else )
Thats a shame, I am a westcoaster as well and although I am not the hugest fan there is some incredible gems to be mined in his catalog. Saying you hate Sprigsteen is akin to saying you hate Dylan or the Beatles or MUSIC, he plays in so many different styles there is something for everyone IMO.
Oh, I dont mean to infer YOU hate Sprigsteen, just a lot of "heads" are very closed minded about "other" music, I at one point when the GD were still around fit that category somewhat. Now I listen to all sorts of strange stuff that Pitchfork recommends and revisit all sorts of clasic stuff I never gave the proper time to back ion the day ( 24 bit Vinyl rips have helped greatly with my appreciation ).
Saoirse is such an amazing Actor. Ever since seeing her in Atonement, you just knew she was special beyond most. Then Lovely Bones, Hanna and most recently Brooklyn I just get blown away by her all over every time. There was a rumor she was cast in Star Wars then it never happened, would love to see her do one of the solo films.
No, I cant click links from here.
Are you on PC or Mac ? Ill type up a guide once I know and if you need any additional help or ANY questions just send them mu way.
Sure thing. Ill type it up and post back later!
I have a brutal cold, hope I did not confuse anyone overly, post questions or PM me )
Pro tip. Do not let in dogs or smokers. 1 cat can be fine IF they seem like responsible people and pay a pet deposit. Signed former building manager who has had to "fix" countless suites after dog owners and smokers and had even more noise complaints for barking in the night or howling dogs when the owner is gone during the day. As for the smoked in suites many times 3 coats of paint and re-flooring still did not get the stench of smoke out.
I love his early singing a lot; Texas Fall 72 Box Of Rain I am looking at you! When he stopped harmonizing post retirement you could really hear his missing elements. Why the hell did they not do Pride Of Cucamunga live at the time, what a great first set song that could of grown in to. Much of his post Dead stuff has been painful to hear ( VOCALLY only I am talking about ), specifically Terrapin, HalfStep and Eyes; ouch. I remember seeing PhilandFriends in 99 ( AWESOME show ) and Phil started singing Halfstep and I literally had zero fucking clue what he was singing let alone what song it was and on most days it is my favorite Dead song.
I have one near 30 minutes I believe, will have to dig it out.
Also be aware there are a group of lowlife wooks who amongst other things call themselves "GD family" they are dirty unwashed flatbrim wearing scummy types. They actually think they "run" the lot. Ive seen them impose everything from lot tax, to flipping peoples tables, to getting you busted by security, to starting fights and stealing coolers. You may think im joking, and I wish I was.
Ya, they had a new album scrpted out with all the stuff they had been getting ready for EU72, then they had a big fallingout with WB and said fuck it, we need two albums to get out of our contract and delivered the EU72. Hunter was devastated, this was his OPUS, he had poured his soul into this album of alt-Americana and now it would never be.
Wow, I think its in a really old Relix I have. Its an interview or story on Hunter. Ill try to find it and scan it ? I dont think they said exactly which songs apart from that they were all new songs. BE Woman, Hes Gone, RambleRose, Jed etc.
High jerry without glasses really messes with my head. Heff talked about how he was tripping for two days after this "show". Pig was lost in the Grotto....
This movie, at the time really got me into documentaries.
As a Canadian who voted for Trudeau I am so damn happy with him and his thoughts on this subject. I admit to being a bit impatient, but I understand it takes time for a country as diversified and the size of ours to get things right.
&gt; There was a time that I actually questioned Fishman's abilities.   Say what? Can you point out a tour where Fish was not on top of his shit ?!? Im also a fan since the early 90s and Fish can ALWAYS be counted on.
DwD - I swear that song follows me everywhere. If I am at a run, the biggest jam of the run will be ....... DwD. I think this has been the case since 8/2/97.
Former landlord here. ( Almost ) forget about replying to ads. Instead pick the 20 buildings you like and accept pets go to them and talk to the manager in person, if they think you are a good fit they will put you on a wait list ( talking buildings here not basement suites ). Every building has a few turnovers every quarter year or so.
Random sativa, random indica !? Maybe its just my OCD.
Been in that boat for over 30 years. That said Phish is super fun to see live, I do not spin them much at all at home, but they are so great live.  Jam starts around 4.5 minutes in. Phish - 1/2/2016 - "Tweezer"  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Pi3UQ67Zu4
see above, and Im so happy for you!
Great! I could post more links all day. Ill leave just one more for now...the most storied of Phish compositions, and sadly a very rare event indeed. Its what got me hooked on Phish in 91, during an extensive Dead listening marathon at a buddys cottage in a very altered state.  Phish - 7/8/12 "You Enjoy Myself" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onq0yTA-J_M
No reason to try and insult me, or the level of skill I do or do not have, I recieved top in my class marks for two years of a very well regarded photography program ( eeks 30 years ago now...) My wife will be super happy and understanding if I decide to return it and wait a year. I long ago outgrew my current camera, it was all I could afford and processing film for my old minolta was expensive and smelly and it was a beast to carry around.
Pink Lady, Jazz and Honey Crisp. My 3 fave apples!
Same boat. Blue Dream is nice,  I still avoid it in the evening though.  I got some anti anxiety pure Sativa a few weeks back that is super euphoric, rushy buzz, that leaves you with a perma smile. Its called spice2.5 but from what I understand it has not made the rounds yet and may never.
