Next time you get that compulsion, put down the scissors and trimmer and say, "Never shave below the ears!"  Nice growth, will be better with a little more length.
Count yourself lucky--a lot of us had it move from the top of our head to our back, etc, even ears.
Exactly, I'd estimate 30% at a minimum of the men at mine are bearded in one form or another.
Beards are a huge component of self confidence and respect and when a man has confidence and respect, he takes good care of himself--you're the poster-man for beards for health.
Well, in addition to napkins, the obvious, get some clear unflavored Chapstik, apply it before you eat, it will hold that great stache pretty much clear of the meal, but later will relax and let you enjoy its natural great shape. Don't trim--there are just some "taxes" you have to pay when you're blessed with a great beard &amp; stache.
I think that is a common thought for guys who haven't ever let their beard grow.  It really takes three to six months to see the fully mature beard, so what you've got now are your assurance you've got a great beard and you can achieve whatever goals you want in the bearded life.  Beards are patience.
I don't know, that for me recalls the aphorism sometimes attributed to  PT Barnum, "There's a sucker born every minute!"
Like I said, when the people of Texas think their state is as dangerous enough to need guns as you obviously do, I think twice whether I want to go there.
Well shaving above the ears is no problem, but Mother Nature may have already done the heavy lifting.
Good growth--I would bet you're really comfortable now.
You went to a much different law school than I did!
Don't panic on a mistake and take it back to original wood--I made that mistake.  Almost in every case, letting the beard do the repairs works better &amp; never try to finish a trim in one sitting on one day, small minor trims over several days is the answer.  Grow on.
Of course keep it--does she ask you about what style and color she does her hair?  If not, she doesn't have the ticket to ask! You might consider a very close buzz or even shave the scalp since you're in the early stages of male pattern baldness--that doesn't get any better and someday you'll be bald with a fringe anyway--shave now, get ahead of the curve.
Know the feeling! ;-D
Well yes, but don't do it with a Bic, use a good razor, not disposable, I find they cut the hell out of me.  I use a Hydro 5.  For the first time, clipper it as short as possible, shower &amp; shampoo, the lather &amp; shave.  After a few weeks or a month, you'll never go back to balding!
Well, the best way IMO is to trim very little in several sessions, and see how it looks.  I might clean up the sides a little, but the chin area is great--I like the wide appearance a full beard gives a jaw--great authority I think.  But right now, you've got a great shape--just minimal cleaning up of strays, and when you're doing that you have to be careful not to over trim.  When you keep the scalp smooth it just emphasizes the beard, but when it grows out even to a short buzz the receding hairline can detract from a good strong look--that's why I keep my shaving above my ears!
Great!  Any goals?
You're at the very beginning judging from the crown--don't know what your hairline looks like.  DON'T do drugs--it's just hair and the side effects, short term, can be awful--and no matter what they say they don't know what the long term effects are, they could very well be worse.  You have choices, try shaved now--and you're ahead of the game.  Keep it shorter, and you've got a few years before it will be necessary to do any more.  To reiterate another comment--your attitude is great,.
And it works for you, and a lot of us.  Sometimes without a beard a shaved head can be just too much skin!
Yeah, it usually is a little daunting to do the first time.  But, you'll have to trust me here, once you've done it, lived with it a few weeks, your only regret will be that you waited so long.  Use a good razor, not a disposable, buzz it as short as possible, then some good lather, then take your time.  Balding sucks, but being bald &amp; bearded can be great!
I'd go out three months, then it will be mature, although it's great now.  Then you can decide to maintain or try the yeard.
Personally, I use a Hydro 5, and while the cartridges are sort of pricey, I don't shave below the ears and Mother Nature did the heavy lifting on top, so a blade last 2-4 weeks.
Sorry to hear that.  One day you'll certainly regrow it.  But, one thing has bugged me--beards shed, yes, but not any more than a full head of hair.  Some guy with male pattern baldness can be shedding like a dog--yet these employers never seem to require much special from them.  And, if it's an environment that is that contagious, shouldn't you be in a full protective mask anyway--to protect eyes, etc.?
about the same except before the lather I rub my scalp with about 1/2 teaspoon of baby oil.  After I rinse with warm water, then cold.  Then wipe down with an astringent like Witch Hazel, some non-oily after shave balm, like Nivea.  Last and very important, non-greasy sun screen, burned scalp hurts like hell.
In addition, at the work, just take a wet paper towel and wipe the dome down.  Also, I found that since it's "just skin" now, I can wash with a little hand soap and easily rinse and dry even in the mens room where ever I may be.  The "wet paper towel" is particularly welcome in a hot humid climate!
Much, much better--you need the beard, it works well for you.
7 &amp; 7/8's head here large as they come--XXL motorcycle helmets are tight--there are beanies and night watch caps that don't have the band, like Under Amour, so they don't leave the "brand" on your forehead.  One issue, on a freshly shaved head, if it's good and smooth, they can tend to pop off a big head like mine.  A day's stubble will hold them down, but I generally keep tugging them back in place rather than have stubble.
Oh yeah, it was time!  You're only regret will be one shared with lots of us bald (as opposed to balding) guys, that you waited too long.  Welcome to the world of freedom--don't for get the sunscreen.
Women, the elderly &amp; the weak have an extremely low probability of being able to handle a pistol of sufficient caliber to do any damage, and the "bad guys" would probably overpower them, take their weapons and even turn their weapons on them.  I have absolutely no knowledge of Glasgow's crime rate, only been there once--dreary place, even for Scotland.  I personally didn't see or hear of any problems while there.
I can hear gunfire from my home in the US--recently leaving for Church I ducked---only to find out that 5 blocks away some guy had ventilated another with an Uzi.  There have been over 150 deaths, and more than 400 wounded in gun violence in my city in the past year--several innocent people--one a young girl watching TV in her house when a stray bullet came through the wall--obviously high caliber--and hit her in the head.
All that is true, but less so these days when it is more of a haircut than a statement of rebellion--guys have figured out of the solutions for mpb, shaving is the sane way, not plugs, drugs or rugs. And the only safe alternative to shaving is letting the fringe grow out and give the appearance of a guy not on top of his game.  I have yet to meet a guy who has shaved who didn't find that his only real regret was waiting so long to do it.
Just enjoy it, good growing.  Hope your life gets better.  And google up Mount Athos, then ask your family if those men are "terrorists!"
You have male pattern baldness--it's non reversible, and will continue to develop at whatever speed your genetics provided you at birth.   Most guys I know found, like I did, once you shave and get over it--it's not bad really--that their only regret is that they waited too long.  On the interesting side, after having been shaved for a few years, if for some reason you don't shave for a week or so--it's and OMG moment when you see how much hair you've lost since going bald.  Balding sucks, being bald is great.  Just don't shave below the ears.
We are now paying for the Jindal Swindel---but I can tell you, it's hard to find many people who will admit they voted for this fraud.
She'll love giving and you'll really like getting, a nice head rub on a smooth scalp--it's one of the "secrets" of men who shave their heads!
You have absolutely no basis for the conclusion that I am "liberal" whatever that hackneyed term has come to mean and anymore than the term conservative has any substantial meaning--none.  The coin of language in the USA's political debate has become so debased that those terms are thrown around like school kids throwing snowballs.
This guy ought to come up for air and talk with his Republican friends.  For my part, the Republicans I know have said that if Trump or Cruz is the GOP candidate, they are voting Democrat be it Hillary or Sanders!  And I'm in a deep red state.
Damn, that's thick!  What are your goals?
So the tightly trimmed version survives?  At least you didn't need to go bare faced, but still, once you're past the year the thought of cutting is bad, actually having it happen, well--really sad.  Maybe again someday soon.
Whoa, good traveling!  Looks great, enjoying it?
I've been doing that for a couple of years.  Get some hair bands, not rubber bands--they have clear ones very, very cheap at stores like Sally's Beauty Supply--that don't damage hair, rubber bands can break and damage hair.  Gather the beard under your chin back near the neckline. Note:  Jojoba oil will dissolve the bands!   Band the hair into a pony tail, then braid. This works best with a beard rinsed in the shower with plain water or after shampooing and conditioning.   Fold and tuck the braid under your chin in a pocket you can make with your finger, and pin it with a couple of hair pins--for all the world, once you've practiced a bit, everyone will say you've trimmed!  Some unscented hairspray will hold strays.
Very nice, and I'd bet you can have a nice braid right now when you want to.
Well, it looks good--and I know right now you feel that it is sort of different.  Let the beard grow, keep a smooth scalp and in around 30 days, you'll never, but never, go back to balding.  Welcome to the Bald &amp; Bearded Brotherhood.
You have male pattern baldness:  5 possibilities: #1 just let it be and go bald with a fringe, etc., #2, seek out medical assistance to try to hold on to what you have--expensive, lots of unpleasant side effects possible, #3 rugs, also expensive, never look quite natural no matter what some say, #4 plugs--expensive, scarring, and it must be maintained as loss continues and it will: or #5--tightly buzz or shave it off, extremely low cost, easy and natural.  Just make your choice--balding sucks, no way around that--but for many just getting ahead of it, shaving it off works.  Try it, what is left will grow back if you don't like it--and you won't have spent a lot of money, scarred yourself for life or exposed yourself to drug side-effects.  Suggest #5, first.
Source--know someone who foolishly invested in a Trump condo development--crashed and burned and he lost a significant amount of money.  Needless to say, he won't be supporting Trump, he is now saying he probably won't vote since he can't stand Hillary.  He and other investors are working to recover money, and it does include discussions with the FBI--because, the federal mail system was used to disseminate material and solicit investment--and that is a crime!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Really good job with the trim--restrained, keeps the mass.  Great combo with the smooth scalp.  Plans forward?
Beard is looking good--but, the receding hairline is a problem.  You might want to consider a tight buzz or a shave--the hair isn't coming back.  Look around on the site--lots of guys are sporting full beards and smooth scalps--it's a strong look and would compliment your appearance.
Common sense--and anecdotally, I too have had many Republican and Independent friends speak the same way on gun control and Trump--so I'm hoping that in the privacy of the November voting booth they follow their best instincts.
I just developed an interest in it--played around on the computer, then took the college courses--as an alumni I could audit for free.  So, why?  Just curious and I've enjoyed it.  But, although I can read (with help from Leo ;-D ), my listening comprehension and ability to speak are very limited.  My thinking is that a four week course will let me improve my listening and speaking skills since I would be in a German speaking environment.  I'd also be interested in ideas that might help in addition--I watch movies and some TV, listen the the DW pod casts, etc.
beard whipped at highway speed hurts--I tie up.
