If that happened i'll take a pic of me licking my friends face[hopefully]
It's a girl &amp; she would be ok with it. really i'm just looking for an excuse to lick her[pause]
I feel like a dumbass...I was wondering 'Who the fuck is noir and why is their list so good compared to the others....then it dawned on me.
black and I love koth....also I really hated john redcorn
I know the feeling..i respect tyler for this. I had a female friend like this...you always try to support them...but she was a downer like literally all of the time...even when it came to herself.People like that can just kill your mood for the whole day.
i've been playing halo since it came out..  I liked Halo odst's the best...it just sounds so sad though.
me either...first fight was a wash...shit was like  117-111 for porter lol
Oh I'm well aware of that. I've been known for years that he's done that shit[definitely don't approve of it] as i've been following spacex since like 09 ish. I just thought he would have done something worse..although abusing workers is really up there. Also I know for their field of work they're sort of underpaid as far as other companies go and government companies that do a similar line of work.
i didn't know people rated him that highly. He was solid, which was what we needed. Roger Staubach however..
As a cowboys fan I have no fucking idea why we let Moore go at all.
I'm not going to lie. I was in denial, but you guys have a very good defense.  Good front 7 and a good secondary
i had just got off of work......il take my downvotes :( i was so tired.
Yeah but that's why i'm me and you're you. I want Jackson to get one more than Fitz. That's how I feel.
Damn man..it's surreal going to the Rams subreddit and seeing the "Los Angeles Rams"
People really don't know that Ty Law was partially a reason for the increase of enforcement in contact rules on the defense. We all joke about tom brady owning ty man. But Back when I used to really hate the patriots; everybody would wanna be ty law playing defense. Dude was a beast. If Tom Brady is Peyton Mannings rival than Ty Law is his big brother kicking his sandcastle over.
man.. lmao you know how many times i've heard girls say they don't like black dudes and then i turn around and see them talking to one?
You guys are having a great civil argument but let me chime in.  I grew up watching both Edge, and Dillon. Both very good RBS but Dillon was definitely the better back than Edge man; by a decent margin. When Dillon went to the Patriots everybody was like "oh shit" pretty much.
I'm sorry but that offensive line WAS that bad.  It seemed like every play the line caved in; and ever other play ware or miller basically got a free rush. I've watched a lot of Patriots game and this has to be one of the most i've seen him under pressure.  People talk about the Giants in the superbowl but they weren't nearly as bad. Credit to the Denver d; they're fucking amazing.
yep, my mistake. Forgot.
Lmao..I usually hate leaving comments that just contain Lol cause it doesn't contribute; but this made me laugh out loud. Good job sir.
I never did watch that game. I overslept ; looked at ESPN and just seen we lost 34-3. How/why did we lose the game so bad? Did romo play poorly?
I never really realized how weird this shit looks...it's brilliant. Great video man. Your videos are definitely welcome here!
DON DEMARCO.  All jokes aside R.I.P to Ali. Today has been a bummer
I teared up when he said "none..there was only one". Hearing his voice crack while he said that made me tear up like a baby :(
Man.. I love fury but sometimes hearing him talk about how he doesn't care is depressing. I'm sure it's a mixture of both genuine emotion and mind games.  I would play people in games, lose, and beat them..and nothing got to me more than them showing that they didn't care.
Wowww that was amazing. I've been fucking with Jamie Foxx since in living color and his Jamie Foxx show...glad he's doing great in the acting world. That was an amazing world he created with words.
I was always sort of off and on for boxing..but what really really got me back into it was..I was watching HBO classics that would show old fights.. and Pernell vs Buddy Mcgirt was on..
Tyson Fury is oddly handsome. Great video too. As someone who really stop paying attention to the inner-workings of the heavyweight division outside of Wlad, this was helpful.
Man... Waka Flocka is a mixture of ATL trap and gritty NY shit on the LOX side of the game...I fucks with it hard. Let's get flocka rapping over some gritty beats produced by the Alchemist..he really has a great voice for both sides of rap[Trap and actual bars] And he's a great dude; can't do anything but root for waka.   Compare the video to this. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wZ9gzp1AL88 [which still goes hard btw, just note the disparity in lyrical ability] Damn I sound like a nerd.  Canibus4lyfe
All jokes aside not trying to troll. I hardly watch NBA and i'm pretty new to it.  Is Curry even the best person on his team?
He's from Ohio, is pretty much seen as a local kid and view it as home.
Yeah. I feel you on that.
It still rubs me the wrong way..these guys are obviously there to get beat up and serve as a proving ground for Davis and to see him disrespect them like that is very off putting. Hopefully they talked to him about it and he stops doing it because he's very great to watch...and he's one of the few fighters today who truly has groundbreaking speed.
you literally chose the worst picture, I know..i googled and went through like fifty-leven photos
Eagles fans..when he takes the field..boo him as hard as you can. I love him, and will miss him, and this might be the last time he plays against you guys[if he doesnt go to denver]
haha happy for you lions fans..I know the division would be nice..but I bet you guys are watching this game like... "meh"
Man..imagine if Romo goes to denver..and we play them. A rollercoaster of emotions for sure.
I remember Steelers fan talking about how good Bell would be behind our online over Zeke. Off grades come out and it turns out their line is graded better than ours. You can't make this shit up lol
Figured you guys would enjoy this. Cowboys fan but have grown to like the Patriots a whole lot.
Forgive me for I have sinned =/
I live in texas you dummy lol, I just like the gold flair. Let's make a bet. I'll upload a pic of my i.d that proves i'm from texas if you put 100 dollars on it.
I played sf3 before SF4 even came out.
I remember DJ envy sounding coonish on a few interviews too.
I don't support homophobia either I was making a sort of sly comment poking fun at the whiteness of this sub.
We all are.
"so you're probably wondering how I got in this situation, it all started after I just seen a receiver come open after scanning the field for 11 seconds"
well i'd think so seeing as you had a car crash.
YOU HAVE LESEAN MCCOY FAM!!! He's one of my favorite running backs[I know as a cowboys fan this is blasphemy but damn is he fun to watch]
oh....so this is the guy with the suicide note. I remember listening to this song a few months ago. One of the most depressing songs ive ever heard.
I said it's not often but it happens..i'm sure other guys in this thread[or females] know dudes in similar situations.
