Ever seen a manga/anime where a character jumps 5 meters into the air to perform a really powerful slash? In reality it can just be side stepped putting the user at a huge disadvantage.  Of course it's a disadvantage in reality, but it's not reality. I really like when shows are realistic, which is why I plan on watching Junketsu no Maria, but not featuring realistic fights is just something most shows do, and that's fine.
Oh yes. I wrote this before I saw his post though, but yes :D  Thanks for the clarification :)
You're probably right. I'm just linguistically conservative :D
Depends whether it's manga or anime. I started with the anime and caught up, and I'm now reading the manga. Honestly, the pacing is just so much better in the manga, even for the first arcs.  Just try both out. You have more than enough time for both :D
I download torrents from http://horriblesubs.info/ in 1080p. They are very high quality, but I'm not too fund of the sub. I think Yibis is better, but since they release much slower than HorribleSubs, so I watch them since I don't have patience to wait. Once I catch up with the manga, I will continue watching HorribleSubs.  I transfer the files from my computer to my phone. Then I can watch it anytime I want without internet connection. Be aware that each episode is 500 MB, so that may be a problem if you don't have 64GB like me.  EDIT: Oh, you asked for a streaming site. I missed that part. Just ignore it, if it doesn't help you :)
I'd learn French if I had a teacher like that.
I know. I've actually read a study about it once, just because I love nutella that much.  It's really interesting, and a bit scary, that the placebo effect can be utilised like that by marketing.
Wait, you can pack HorribleSubs into one torrent!? Mother of God, I need to do that. Please, teach me senpai!
21st of December. Nobody for me :(  Gan Fall's birthday is 22nd though, so I guess that's the closest I get.
You should [read it then](http://bato.to/read/_/284453/one-piece-digital-colored-comics_v1_ch1--v3-_by_no-group). I watched it first and I'm currently reading it from the beginning. The manga is so much faster, it's incredible!
Yay! It's actually a really cool date, since it's the darkest day in the year on the Northern hemisphere and a [palindrome](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palindromic_number). I look forward to my 117th birthday where it will be a palindromic date, year and time as well. 21:12 the 21/12 year 2112. At least it is if you're not American with those backwards dates and 12 hour clock :D
I think it's a safe bet to say that it was before I joined. I started watching One Piece in August 2014 and caught up in March. I joined this subreddit around February or so. Yeah, I'm a rookie ;)  So far, I think the coloured manga is really nice! It captures what I saw in the anime really well while adding more detail into the specific frames and the pacing is much faster. I'm happy I decided to start it :)
Thank you! That's exactly what I'm looking for! This is brilliant! I really can't thank you enough. It's awesome!  As for the other one you linked to... Let's just say I don't like dubbing, ha ha. I'll show it if any of my friends decide to watch the dubbed episodes though, so thanks for that one as well :)
How did I hit the exact anime, lol.  Why did you drop it? Is it because it's new stories every time? I usually have the same problem. I'm nearly half way through Cowboy Bebop atm, but I've stopped and begun reading the One Piece manga. It was not a problem with GTO though. I just kept going. Did you notice that the voice actor of the vice principal is the same as Brook's voice actor? He has such a nice and soothing voice, and the vice principal's eccentric nature fits the voice actor brilliantly. I guess this is going too much into detail, ha ha :D
Yeah, that's episode 1. At the end of the series, he became my favourite anime character of all time. He is awesome in so many ways!
Thanks. It's just the only thing that makes sense to me. But then again, I've never read theories about it, so maybe there's a better explanation to everything.  Also, I do agree about Alvida and Coby. It would be nice to see him getting revenge.
Just hearing the name Wukong makes me think about the champion in LoL. It fits Luffy given my favourite quote of his:  "No matter how far it is to the top, it's still within my grasp!"
There are also movies with characters based off Sun Wukong, such as *The Forbidden Kingdom* starring Jackie Chan and Jet Li.  EDIT: I actually didn't know that Sun Wukong featured in Japanese mythology as Son Goku. But now you mention it, I can see that Goku from Dragon Ball is based on Sun Wukong. It also makes me realise why Luffy has the last name Monkey. It fits really well. Awesome touch by Oda there.
My favourite is Portgas D. Shanks.  http://orojackson.com/threads/another-portgas-d-a-man-we-all-know.3906/  This one actually makes sense.
Sounds awesome. I disagree with the other guy though. Could be awesome with a small personal touch at the end, of course separate from the recap segment.   But yeah, do that! I've personally watched the anime and is now in the middle of reading the manga. I learn some new things, so I definitely think it's worth it :)
I started from the beginning not long ago. Currently at Whisky Peak arc. I haven't regret it.
Yeah, it's the one I'm reading. I hope they release the colour ones for Dressrosa once I get there :/
That spoiler was so you wouldn't see it, ha ha :D  I would recommend you to stay away from this subreddit as well as the wikia. There are much more important spoilers out there than who joins. I was spoiled for some of them. Don't make the same mistake! :)
Oh, yeah, lol xD  I think it would be still be tricky the first couple of times, but I do see that it would not be much of a problem. Not as much as I thought at first.
Oh, I didn't know that. Thanks. I'm quite new to Reddit myself. I assumed you were as well, since I've seen that error somewhere else on the subreddit itself, not under messages. I assumed it was the same error, but I was wrong.
I absolutely love this idea. I think it is very plausible that Haki is this force of will with various different uses. I would love it if this is the case and not just a new "power-level" that needs to be learned. This theory makes Haki something deeper, something that seems more likely from Oda's side. If this theory is correct, it means that Haki is something much deeper and fundamental to the story than otherwise, and it explains the supernatural abilities of some characters that does not currently have an explanation.  Thank you OP for this thread. I absolutely love it. If I didn't happen to be a broke student, I would've given gold.
Is it? I guess I'll find that once I get there with my first re-read (as in having watched the anime and is now reading for the first time).  Blackbeard may just be looking for the powerful fruits that are either eaten by weak people or not eaten at all. I can't see them trying to kill someone very powerful like Sengoku or the former admirals. I do find it plausible that he would want to kill Caribou to get his Logia. [Marineford Spoiler](#s "Killing Whitebeard to get his Gura Gura no Mi is imo an exception, since he could get it without too much effort. There is no way that he would've dared to challenge Whitebeard at full strength outside of a battle. His crew would've been annihilated just by the power of his fruit and the mastery Whitebeard has with it.")  I just look forward to getting the explanation as to how Blackbeard managed to obtain the powers from two different devil fruits.
I know, but the movie already showed it, and it was not really that good tbh. It would be cheap from Oda to do that.  There are many possibilities for the egg. So far, it has not been shown clearly. We only have a poor view of it in the manga and a subsequent model of Oro Jackson with the egg on it. Personally I support the idea about it being Uranos. It could be a dragon or something else, but I like to think of it as the third weapon. It could actually also be One Piece.  I don't think the egg is Raftel. It is said that the Roger Pirates have confirmed the existance of the island, a turtle or not, but that was when they had the egg, or at least only a few years after the egg hatched. How could it grow like that to become what is pictured in the manga with cliffs etc.? Something doesn't quite fit with that theory.
Alright, I guess I will find out once I get there reading the manga. Currently at chapter 140 or something.  Also, your spoiler is a link :(
I'm not caught up with the manga yet, and I didn't get it either. That is definitely a good thing. Keep it up. These are awesome to watch the day after watching the actual episode :D
I don't, but I do use the colourblind option when I play video games on my desktop. The colourblind option in League of Legends is great for us with problems in the green and red area, since it changes the green colour of team mates to a blue colour to better distinguish it from the red colour of the opponent.
Sorry, but not really. The English dubbing sound forced in some way. Kind of like how bad actors act. It's cringy in a way. Of course it's not that terrible, but I constantly think about it. It's probably just me, but most of these translated works, be it dubbing or songs, just don't sound good to me. I prefer the original, and the Japanese version of "We Are" is one of my favourite anime openings.  I do like some translated songs though, but these are mostly high budget ones using famous singers.
As an anime only currenty reading the manga, I agree. I'm at chapter 177 (middle of Alabasta Arc) and the coverstory about Jango has just ended. I learned something new!  They did the cover story about Buggy, and it was actually pretty good. I have no idea why they don't do this. It's pretty stupid tbh.
I will join for the next re-read. Thanks for doing this :D
How does the law work at your place? Here the shops can only charge you when they send it for shipping, which means that in your case, I would simply shake my head and cancel the order without losing a penny. But this of course depends on the law.
That's basically the price they're worth used. An absolute steal. If this was closer to me, I would buy one just to have it unopened.
I need to start using more than 4 fingers for typing. My index fingers are doing 90% of the work. Got to wave 10.
Never followed Halo, since I've never owned an xbox
Paid for my first computer at that age as well, so yeah, dunno what that guy is talking about. Perhaps he was spoiled as a kid?
emtering  Thanks man! I've though about buying this game for a long time, but sadly missed the holiday sales :( Would be awesome to play it :D
This happened to, except it was with Komplett. My Gigabyte 6850 failed after half a year, so they sent me an Asus 6950. That was a very nice upgrade, but holy fuck it was big. That was the days of the DirectCU triple slot cooler.
I need to watch the 50+ animes on my to watch list. One Punch Man is the first one :)
After a few months, I started reading the entire manga. First it was just to ease into it, since I found the black/white manga too different from the anime to give me the same. So first the coloured manga and then black/white once I ran out of coloured chapters. And now I'm sitting here, hyped by the latest spoilers. I WANT TO READ IT, DAMMIT!
Not me. I started August 2014 at age 18. I'm just a pleb compared to you veterans.
I haven't watched any episodes since episode 723, so I have a couple to watch tomorrow (or today, depending on where you live) :D
You are right. Hody just falls flat to me, because he is such a narrow character. There really is only one thing that can be used to describe him, and that is hatred driven by prejudice. But maybe that's just me.
Alright, now I understand what you mean. I can somewhat agree to that. Thanks for elaborating on your view. I must have had a brain fart last night, since I really didn't understand much of it.
This could actually be very useful for me, since I have mild autism and is awkward af around women. Thanks.
I've been reading TRP TBP and PunchingMorpheus now. What I've found out is that TRP is psychological abuse. The only thing I can use from there is ways to boost my confidence and ways to engage to give a good first impression. Something that is incredibly difficult with autism. Nearly all the rest of it is garbage according to other sources. It's interesting to read about, that's for sure.
I had no idea you could do this with CRT. That's amazing! You do sacrifice picture quality though, if I'm not mistaken. I've yet to see a CRT monitor with great picture quality.
