I obliviate myself from time to time just to get that feeling again.
I actually liked the healing LB of BRD, I saved a lot of parties with that when I used to main BRD
Well to be fair when I did it, I had the time because of a lasting injury. All in all I did it in a month, mostly stuck on Alexandrite. Hows the drop rate on that now?
Use the other debuff thingy-majick the dark purple one. Name eludes me atm. I use that and Foresight for the first heavenly heel and easily survive with 6-10k hp depending on whether or not rng allows me to parry. I use all slaying on my DRK and have about ~17k health with party and food buff. I got a whole rotation for the fight which keeps me alive pretty good. If you want to know it, I'll type it out.
I'd say DRG is easy to learn, but hard to master. The rotation is pretty straight forward, but knowing when to Geirskogul and when to not is the biggest issue I had while learning the new 60 rotation. It's satisfying to get off Wheeling Thrust/Fangs and Claws at 1s left.
That makes me sad. I had a DRG in Void Ark who literally was just standing on the flank, not moving at all apart from skill animations. I die a little inside everytime I see that, having mained DRG in ARR
Oh I'm not talking about new players(they are quite tame, with some bad sheep here and there). I'm talking about people who are alt leveling. Had one guy who told me my opinion doesn't matter because he has more 60s than me.
Ah I heard about Goblin from someone in my static, he transferred over to Balmung because there was nothing going on on Goblin. Hope you get your clear soon.
No problem. If you need any other tips at all, concerning anything at all, I'll be happy to help.
I really want to help new people, but what I've encountered is simply people who don't care or don't listen. I try to explain stuff and get called an elitist asshole and tryhard, getting answers like "oh this is just a level xx dungeon, who cares". Other times I simply get ignored, I had a WAR in Haukke Manor who didn't use Tomahawk or Overpower and kept losing aggro, I explained multiple times how both work in his favor, I got completely ignored. I get maybe 1 in 30 players that actually say "hey cool thanks" when I point out their mistakes, I really can't be bothered anymore with the apathy and hostility i receive for wanting to help. It's good that you had so much positive things happening when you helped out, but I can't share the sentiment. I understand your point, but thinking back how I got better, I made an effort and researched my class to death. I'm still always researching, since I simply know I can still do better. I am not the best player out there, not by far, but I make an effort, which I see a lot of new players lacking.
Thanks for this, now to trick myself into replacing all my DRK icons with the DRG ones and see me play DRG on DRK
I used to think there were different kinds of fc types and that the tag was the name and the name the type.
Let's all put our money together and buy it. I got ten  bucks in my pocket.
I was kinda disturbed by 'a great kid' coming after those sentences.
So can chubby/fat people do MMA at all or should there be a basic fitness? I'm curious about MMA but I am quite fat.
MFW I realize I've been watching too much SJW crap for fun and I read sysscum instead ofsysadmin.
Thanks for the answer! And yeah I wasn't trying to disregard his attitude, but I don't know anyone who does MMA and I saw my chance.
Eurofag here, can confirm we are stupid.
Fat person here, no not at all. I am aware I am fat and thus dont wear anything thatd make me or other cringe.
That's really silly. My best friend still talks to me when he has gf, even when they bitch. Bros before hoes.
And here I thought I was the only lazy mofo who did this.
Obviously in this instance OPs emojiis are ironic amd yes I am genuinely creeped out by them. Idk why. Whatever happened to good ol' 'xD' instead.
Not an atheist, former Christian now Pagan. Fact of the matter is still that crusaders killed dozens of innocent children and women in the name of 'god'. It was also mostly about capturing Jerusalem as the Holy Land. Sure the Saracenes also did their fair share of killing, but does that mean the crusaders are excused? No, no it doesn't. Don't pretend like it was some sacred mission to rescue anyone. It was to push the churches agenda.
Fat person here. I agree, while I don't hate myself because I am fat, I don't say I'm healthy either. I'm a fat fuck, not proud of it but I at least attempt to change myself by going to the gym.
Being a fat person myself, believe me when I say we aren't all like that. I don't glorify it, I just live with it and try my best to exercise regularily.
I kinda stopped watching after my favourite wrestler Eddie Guerrero died. Was just shortly befire CB went crazy, though I think I still saw the tribute to him before they knew he went psycho on his family. I saw glimpses of the new WWE here and there, but I was not impressed.
I thank you kindly DRK bro, maybe one day these other peasant tanks can keep up with our plunge.
German here, we have POC little people hiding in our kitchens who do all the cooking.
Where I'm from moszly hipsters wore/wear it. So I can only speak for that.
not really, but thank you. Have a wonderful day.
They do, I have both autocorrect and that turned off though.
Nah, it's fine. If that's your opinion, thats your opinion. I think I'm a bit bitter about this because she got the endorsement of the LGBTQ representative instead of Bernie Sanders when he has been more vocal about it since the beginning.
Maybe? If I did I can't remember it. I pretty much haven't changed since I was a child when it comes to my views. They have gotten a little less extreme and less naive, but overall I haven't changed my views to suit my needs I'd say. I could be wrong, but I can honestly say that personally I never felt that I did.
That is quite xenophobic. Also I will not let you tell me what to do. Just because I am a foreigner, does not mean I am uninformed nor does it mean I can not care about the United States. Anyways, I hope you have a nice day :)
As someone who is a fat fuck, even I find these bs excuses.
&gt;I think straight guys are fine and all. I just don’t know any personally. Otherwise I would go and ask my question directly.  Admittance of strawman right there.
I don't really think she is. She has a stage persona which sells. Now, I don't know her personally but from what I've read in her AMA and from what she has done, she seems like a nice person. She went to a marine ball with a guy who asked her over twitter if she's go with him. While she did do commit domestic violence in the past, overall she seems like a nice person.
Then you don't know me very well.
That just looks sad. Even I as a beginner have better form if I can say so myself.
Well, I'm not sleeping tonight.
Shoeonhead actually tried this out a while ago for christmas.
I won't say they cause people to turn violent, I just say they desensetize people to violence if they are shown it constantly from a young age. I can kinda see it in myself. Sometimes not even bestgore makes me flinch.
I don't think children should be able to decide that. Children simply don't have the capacity for that. While some know and stay true to it, others just had a phase. It's simply child abuse to make your kid take hormone blockers/hormones, especially hormones which can lead to boys becoming infertile.
Yeah, saw a japanese movie once called "Go" about a korean living in Japan, once his girlfriend found out, she was really disgusted. He had a japanese.surname, so people didn't immediately know.
You are not alone.
I used to get cut off all the time, then I worked in healthcare, where you basically have to lead patients and project confience in your answers, since then I learned that it's quite easy to say "Excuse me, I was not done explaining"
I would love to say that, but I had a feeling my boss wouldn't appreciate that.
6 years, but that stopped once Harry got his Gryffindor friends points for nothing
Neat, but I would need like 20minutes to tell the time.
If I knew they delivered with a free cat, I might have gotten a pair, too.
