I'm not, at all, a fan of team sports, so I have only learned in the last year or so that the US even has an actual soccer league, let alone that DC has a team.   Ironically, my newish job has me working with all of the local sporting teams very frequently, including the United.
As the capital of a world power, we get the pleasure of having every country in the world send us their very worst drivers. Many of them live in MD, mixing with MD's shallow gene pool of terrible drivers, giving us the shitshow we call DC traffic.   Thankfully, my daily driver is an employer-owned 7,000' van, so I'm more than happy to play along.
My response to shitty drivers varies depending on my mood. If I'm in my typical, passive-aggressive mood, I will generally thank them profusely for being sooooooo awesome, blow kisses, or ride along beside them giving voluminous thumbs ups. If I'm in a pissy mood, I tend to get extremely aggressive, and will generally knock the shit out of the offending driver's wing mirror (Not breaking it, mind you...).   Being a fairly big, bearded, and heavily tattooed guy helps, as I've only had a couple of drivers get out of their cars to confront me, and only once has the situation gone beyond some basic shoving and shit talk. At some point, I'll likely knock out a driver with my u-lock or get shot.
My wife is small, but is extremely adept at mirror slaps and hurling obscenities at drivers. It has backfired once on her, but, otherwise, drivers are usually too fat and lazy to get out of their cars, or, if they do get out, my wife happens to be a blazing fast rider who can disappear into the distance.
I absolutely refuse to interact with children, and I am not at all shy in asking breeders to get their spawn the fuck away from me.   As I have reached 40, I have many friends with kids. I have made it clear that I will only interact with them when they are sans crotchfruit. Most of them have no issue, but for those that do, I cease any interaction with them.
1) It all depends as to what you want. You may be better served buying a used bike at a LBS. I have found some good deals on bikes for under $200, but I'm also a very competent home mechanic.  An additional plus to buying from a LBS is that they can get the right size for you and adjust the bike to your liking.  2) Ride on bike trails and quiet streets as often as possible. I have been riding for 35+ years, and bike commuting for 20. Think of riding like any other acquired skill: The more you do it, the better you'll get.   My wife went from not having ridden a bike for 15 years to daily commuting in DC traffic in roughly a year, but she rode at every possible opportunity. She can now throughly kick my ass through city traffic, thanks to riding in rush hour daily.  3) Take it to a good mechanic. For roughly $50-$100, plus parts, you can ensure that everything is correctly adjusted and the bike it fit to you.   Many LBS' will also have beginner's maintenance classes that are immensely helpful. You will learn how to change a tire, make quick adjustments, and perform routine maintenance to keep your bike rolling right and to keep you from getting stranded.  ETA: Get lights for your bike and always wear a helmet. Brain damage and tire tracks on your back suck...
I's still waiting. Mine is under $100, so I haven't bothered checking.
I'm a former resident of the area (Roughly 10 years ago...). I reserve to make fun of CoHi, now that it's a sanitized, boring area with a few residual urban pockets.
I manage to ride through the city every day, without ever needing to ride on the sidewalk. Yes, there are douchenozzle drivers and pedestrians in the bikelanes from time to time, but I ride around them , occasionally giving a car my patented mirror slap.   Is it legal to ride on the sidewalks outside of the CBD? Yes. Does it make one a dickhead for doing so? Absolutely.  I rarely ride in the unprotected bikelanes in the first place, as they are in the door zone, and I really, really don't feel like getting doored for the 15th time in my life.
Getting doored over the years has taught me something: I no longer ride in the door zone and I take the lane when necessary.
Absolutely. I haven't found a hill in this city that I can't crank up at 10mph, even on a fixed gear and with 4 or 5 beers in me. On my road bike, I can go significantly faster.
That sucks. I was thinking of adding another one to my stable, as I love the shit out of my Angus. Well, at least after I swapped each and every component, save for the headset.
We had hail for roughly 20 minutes over in Palisades. I don't think I've ever seen hail up here before. I thought it was more of a South or Plains thing.
I use a 2003 Chevy Astro AWD with 140k miles for work, and I absolutely beat the piss out of it, hauling 1,000 lbs of tools around construction sites. It keeps the miles off of my S4 and my TR6.
I've totally done that to a winter beater to pass inspection.
I'm on the wrong side of 40 and I wouldn't touch Rockville with a shitty stick. I can't say much about it, other than all I know is Rockville is somewhere in the endless stretch of beige suburban sprawl between DC and PA.
Welcome to the club. Being snipped rules!
Just like when I was 20, except that the drinking age for 3.2 beer was 19. Enjoy DC!
You've never been so mad that you just had to run out to your car and make a video of yourself pissing and moaning?   Me neither.
Cigs, alcohol, and coffee are all delicious and relaxing. Thus, they go together perfectly. There is absolutely nothing better than stepping outside early in the morning and having a cup of coffee and a smoke. I've been having trouble getting out of bed since I quit smoking, as there is nothing to look forward to.
I certainly hope so, but I'm only 109 days in, so it's hard to say.  If I thought I could have only 1 cigarette a day, I would, without question, go back to my 5:30am coffee and cigarette.
When we used to live on a dirt road, the rims on my wife's A4 would get full of mud or snow constantly, causing them to be waaaaaay out of balance. I never really noticed on my Tacoma.
11ish. I use 9mph as my benchmark, as, let's face it, we're in DC, and everything is half-assed in our government.
I'm saying that the only person I know of who has beaten a photo ticket was a seasoned attorney. She isn't local, nor is she a traffic attorney, but I would highly recommend her if you're indigent and facing a capital case in SC.
Meh... I grew up in the central plains. I've seen bigger temperature drops in a few hours.
I disliked other children when I was one myself. The dislike has slowly grown to absolute abhorrence over the years. Anyhow, I'm snipped.
I have a St Brendan's Cross tattooed on me, if that counts. I happen to like the iconography.
That's another warning sign. Anyone with an anklebiter wearing expensive accessories is to be avoided, as they will be yapping into their iPhone about pilates and brunch while their little shitstain of a dog picks fights with every other dog.  I live in a fairly wealthy neighbourhood full of shitty breeders and terrible dogs. I have ceased bring my dog to the park during daylight hours.
In our neighbors' defense, leaf blowers are, by far, the most pressing issue in the Palisades, right after MD drivers speeding on MacArthur.  As I prefer to be proactive, I actually use a rake, as I can then shake it menacingly at the speeding drivers.
I have seen some dirtbike kids coming across the Key Bridge, but that's as close as they've come to our peaceful little enclave.  I have had my neighbors call the cops on me for changing a tire in the alley, as they thought I may have been a dangerous criminal (I have tattoos and a beard, so I fit the stereotype). I also once had to yell at a couple of kids for throwing a ball in the alley and hitting cars. Fortunately, they apologized before I had to use deadly force to protect my 14 year old truck. The Palisades is tough, yo...
I love to goose my pibble when she does that. She usually lets out a shrill bark and then runs in circles trying to nibble me.
It may or may not. I am 100+ days in, and the cravings are exactly the same as on day 1.
I can't remember ever believing in the supernatural. My family was atheist for several generations back on my dad's side and at least 2 on my mother's.
I am in my 40s and this is my life. Poor breeders...
At least yours has the common decency to be on top of the covers. Mine is usually burrowed in deeply, and it is nigh impossible to get the covers away from her.
I guess it's a good thing that I saw them in the 1980s. So long as Araya and King are in the band, I'll still go.
My pibble can sleep through a furniture delivery, yet can hear a can of wet food being opened from across the county.
I generally punch the shit out of their wing mirror, but my tolerance for confrontation is, well, I actually enjoy confrontation, so...
I know this was tongue in cheek, but as I am entirely too familiar with the innards of FedEx Field, that structure couldn't support an additional flagpole, let alone a roof. The place was built so quickly and so many corners were cut, it feels like a much, much older building. Also, Landover sucks.
Beats me, as I'm utterly disgusted by sprogs. I'm obsessed with trying new beers and building bikes and racecars.
My pibble is so earnestly friendly, that it's nigh impossible to be afraid of her.
I keep forgetting that the only bar to enter adulthood is spawning.   Well, shit, I guess I'm a 41 year old teenager. I guess I'll go get drunk and crank up some music.
Definitely a 2009 A4. I just finished doing the 75k service on it, and it also happens to belong to my wife.
My wife and I ran over to Whole Foods the other day and found that roughly 97% or everyone there had a small, loud child. In their infinite wisdom, Whole Foods has decided to provide tiny shopping carts so that the aforementioned children can ram them into the legs of other shoppers. Generally, this would just seriously annoy me, but, as I have a broken leg in an airboot, getting rammed in the leg resulted in me unleashing a 90 second stream of expletives at the fuck-trophy and its father. My wife found this unbelievably hilarious.
I once found 10 years worth of Hustlers in chronological order behind the seat of a Verizon C4500.
Amazingly, it's been pretty reliable. She bought it used with 10k miles on it, and I've done all of the service at my shop. The only unscheduled maintenance was replacing a cracked plastic water inlet pipe on the water pump housing and a tiny leak in the valve cover gasket. Parts for both were fairly inexpensive.
Maybe in the garage. The smell makes me nauseous. Either way, please bring more beer, as I'm running low.
Sorry, dad, too drunk for yard work. Fetch me a beer, will ya?
I have the exact same problem. I really don't have a great reason not to smoke right now, but I've gone without for almost 4 months, so I'm half-interested in seeing how far I can go this time. Unfortunately, my cravings are getting stronger the longer I go.
Dammit... How much are they?  My SnapOn guy already owns my soul, anyhow, so I may as well get one.
