I am also a sub, and I don't know where you teach but I do have authority to enforce rules.  I can't even tell you how many referrals I've written, and *most* of the kids know darn well that I can and will do so.  As a result, *most* of the kids behave themselves.
It's only ever happened once before, and I wasn't pregnant then...  but they aren't normally sore at all.
Mine are usually...shall we say...less than sensitive.  But now, if I brush against them it's very uncomfortable, whereas normally I'd never even notice.  If I may ask, how many days did yours hurt before your BFP showed up?
Well.  Guess I won't be going to a rescue to get my next dog.  We're planning to get a playmate for my 1-yr-old pup, but he's not neutered and he's not going to be.
You're luckier than I was.  My 5 yr old GSD was diagnosed with that - after he'd died while getting the x-rays required to diagnose it.  :(
Teacher gave me a referral for using rewetting drops (I was wearing contacts) in class.  Went down to the office, pointed out that there were no drugs at all in the drops and that as he was not my ophthalmologist I would not be taking advise from him on how often is too often to use them.  Went back to class with no punishment.
I was in an after-school program called "latchkey" in elementary school.  One day in sixth grade, the counselor yelled at me to stop reading at the snack table, because apparently sitting there quietly with my nose in a book was "distracting".  Told my Dad when he came to pick me up, and he turned right around, called that counselor into the hallway, and gave him a right telling off.  First time I ever heard Dad use a bad word!  Even better, once the month we'd payed for was over I never had to go back there.
Dear God..  I'm glad that's not a policy around here!  I was a long term sub at the beginning of the year, high school, and I'm pretty sure at least half my students got Fs on their report cards just because they wouldn't turn in any work.
I was testing early the past few cycles, and even twice this cycle, but at this point I'm not very hopeful so I'll probably wait and see if AF is late before I test again.
My cat, who I recently had to put to sleep.  He was 19.
Aside from my best friend's wedding and formal events like that, I haven't worn makeup since I was 11.  But, I'm taken already.  Sorry :D
I'm currently on cycle 8 and fully expecting to start cycle 9 today or tomorrow.  I'll let you know.
I still know my old ICQ number...
I'm calling mine tomorrow too.  3 cycles of clomid and all I've gotten is extremely light periods.
Not with my odd hours.  I called the doctor though about reading bad things about spiro, so I'm just gonna take the metformin for now and hope that works on its own.
They gave me metformin instead, and something else that I don't like the sound of.  But I'm seriously thinking of calling tomorrow and saying I changed my mind and want a referral.  I'll be 35 in October.  My mother had early menopause and I just learned that I was an IUI baby myself.  There's just not enough time to wait and see anymore.
Turns out I'm an IUI baby, and probably heading in that direction myself.  Good luck.
Yeah, and she knows damn well we're TTC over here.  I looked it up because I hadn't seen it mentioned *here* at all, and was like "wtf?"  I mean, sure you can use it to treat PCOS, but usually in conjunction with BC!  I think that was the kicker that's making me call and demand a referral.    That and the fact that I never get to talk to *her*, just play telephone with nurses...
Right by Little Rock, so smack dab in the middle.  I need to look at a map of Oklahoma.  Could you perhaps PM me the doctor you like?
That is the one.  However, my doc and I both found a doctor that used to be with them and now has his own clinic so my doctor sent my charts there and now we'll see.  If that doesn't pan out, there's a clinic up in Memphis that I'll go to.
It's not the insurance that's denying me, it's the clinic.  And my insurance is through medicaid and there's an income cap.  By myself, I make little enough that I qualify.  Together, we come over the cap.
I'm eyeing Memphis, actually.
I did.  I'm covered.
Piece of ceramic floor tile.  Put it up my nose when I was three or four, and didn't actually tell anyone till I was a teenager.  No idea what happened to it.
The weirdest thing is, I HAVE regular cycles!
I got the riding turtle using a lunarfall carp, but it moves at *walking* speed. :(
I'm mostly fine during the day, but at night I'm gassy as all heck and can't find a comfy way to lay.
Well, maybe I'll just stay on the one pill a day, instead of bumping up to two...
I had an incompetent OB/GYN.  I told her that after 3 clomid (unmonitored) cycles, no dice, so she (thru a nurse, I never actually spoke to *her*) prescribed Metformin and **spironolactone**.  Spiro causes birth defects.  Why the fuck would a doctor prescribe a medicine known to cause birth defects to someone trying to get pregnant?!  That was the day I found myself an RE - and told the OB/GYN office that I never wanted to see that particular doctor again.
Starting my first treatment cycle (medicated IUI) sometime around the 15th.  I expect the actual IUI to be around the end of the month or beginning of Feb.  Clomid for sure, with a possibility of Follistim and Ovidrel, depending on how I'm responding to Clomid.
When I finally get pregnant, I plan to find out, but not tell.  Well, I *may* tell my best friend, but I don't have to worry about her sending loads of all pink or all blue stuff.  Our parents can all wait till he/she arrives.
3 different bills payed weeks apart... all cashed on the same fucking day.  RIP my bank account. :(
I remember summoning stones back in BC.
Aaaand...it's hard as a rock. I want to cry.
Apparently not.  FML  :(
It's even worse.  They want me to have had other TREATMENT for 2 years.  So I can't even just say we've been trying for that long.  There needs to be a paper trail.  Fucking MORONS!
Yeah, the insurance people are supposed to call back tomorrow.  I'm *hoping* they will at least approve a monitored Clomid cycle while I fight them on this, but who knows.  The doctor's office is going to try to find out.  I can't help wondering what it would all cost out-of-pocket.  Maybe a no-interest credit card?  Sigh...
I'm pretty sure I do qualify from what they told me on the phone, but there's no way to *prove* it.  I was told if my issue was hereditary - and Mom needed IUI and hit menopause in her late thirties.  Shouldn't that count?
Our parents know, and my best friend knows.  Probably a few other people.  I don't really care, tbh.  It's a medical thing, not something to be ashamed of.
Afraid not.  But at least the Clomid is only $20.  Now, to save up $1500 so I can do IUI w/o insurance.  That might actually take longer than waiting for my 2 years to be up so that insurance will pay for it, though!
No idea.  Since I don't actually have $1500. :(
I use Healium, because I play on a laptop and do not have an actual mouse, but it's not very good for raiding.  So I only play healers in five-mans.  Most raid healers use Healbot.
It was actually Dad who called and put me on speaker.  I'm not sure my Mom even knows how to put a phone on speaker.
They went thru the same thing.  I am an IUI baby myself!  I'm also Mom's only child, and she *really* wants grandkids.
I'm a total daddy's girl, actually.  Mom and I really only get along when we live in different zip codes.  lol
Your day 21 tests should have included your progesterone level.  Mine showed low, but I was also all of 3dpo on day 21...  Also, I'm not pregnant yet, and have never had so much as a CP.
Depends on the kid.  My niece could support her own head from the time she was born.  Little overachiever...
My niece started rolling from back to front at 13 DAYS old.
I'M SPOTTING!! :D  Yes, I'm happy about this.  Why?  Because this will *finally* be my first IUI cycle, and as soon as it goes full-flow I can call my RE office and get this party started!
I'm a lunatic like you :)  Gonna make Legion fun, getting all those professions up!  lol
