And it was EVERYWHERE.  You know what?  Fuck Clearchannel and all those companies.  I live in NYC, and I can hear the same song playing at the same time on 4 different stations, with about 10 total songs in a rotation that has 30 mins of commercials per hour.  And they wonder why no one's buying music.  The radio sucks.
Texas &gt; Michigan.  I'm done with those guys.  Can't wait for the Austin trip next year.
We're one of three teams to NEVER have scheduled an FCS team.  UMass was a gift to a head coach, and we also have a huge problem scheduling P5 games in November (no one wants to play OOC at that point), which is why we ended up in your league (sort of).
I was like " yup, that is exactly what you should do right now.."
Write the formula for permutations and combinations on the inside of your wrist with a pencil.  I've been told that helps...
I too would love to find out where to apply.  Is DART hiring at the moment?  I'd love to work on the D2 project.
My first day in Oz, a japanese guy in his underwear almost drowned me at Bondi, when we were only on the sandbar.  Had to shake him off me, then drag him into the beach.  Probably should've just put my hand up and let the SLC guys grab him.
Thanks.  The hiking does look pretty inviting.  I am a huge nerd, so I'll probably check out some BSG filming sites, as well.  Should be interesting.
Oh god, that Orange bowl booing was epic.  I saw it live, only thing I remember about that game.  I think Southern Cal stomped OKlahoma, so everyone turned it off pretty quick.
Unless it's the Thresher.  That's basically my worst nightmare.
Oh man I remember that game, y'all biffed hard.
Greetings form the other side of the state.  MY boss who lives in CT mentioned HSBC was selling all their branches, so I moved to schwab, but they didn't close any of the Manhattan branches that I can tell.  Seems to be a suburbs only move.  FWIW, I've been to buffalo.  As proof, Duff's &gt; Anchor Bar.
As someone born in Macon who's spent the last decade+ in NYC, I will happily sign on to that union.
Man, I'm a hairy fucking white dude, would love to trade for almost no facial hair.
I'm pretty much 100% cognizant of this fact and is the one single reason I could stomach voting for Hilary.
Yeah, that was a helluva wake up.
Am I doing something wrong?  What mode is this where you can play against ground troops as a TIE Pilot?
Man, I needed this, thanks.
Where in Rio is this taking place? I visited Ipanema and Copa and some of the side stuff and didn't run into trouble.  Wasn't going to go to the Olympics, anyways, though.
One of the greatest sights I've ever seen was the "no selfie sticks!" guy at the Louvre.  Some asshole Japanese tourist kept trying to jam his selfie stick into the way, and had to be told repeatedly to stop.  Security finally came and took him away.  It was great.
Amen, totally worth the hungover drive and impromptu overnight stop in Lisdoonvarna.
Have a mortgage :/
That what it feels like at the moment, despite having a wedding to plan for next year.
First time for everything, you know?  I've been there.  Engaged now though. Thanks EHarmony.
She doesn't look like she's 225 lbs like all the Harley's I'm used to seeing at Comic Con.
Well, yeah, new plot and whatnot.  I reckon CoD is roughly like a movie ticket.  You pay your ducats, and you get a new plot and 12-15 hrs to go through it.  Where I live, a movie is $19, so I get the same or more content from CoD than I do from movies. That said, the last CoD Imbought was MW3, and I've never bought a Madden game (RIP NCAA football...).
That's funny, my fiancée bought me a 60" TV for xmas/birthday (only 9 days apart) as well, and for some reason it appears to only be playing 90210 and Real Housewives reruns.
THIS.  I thought I was being respectful and letting her watch what she wanted.  "No honey, I really don't want to watch 90210, I'll just go play on my PC in the other room."  "Why don't you want to cuddle on the couch with me!"  "Uh, because I don't want to watch 90210?"  "Fine, we'll put on something we both like."  (which really mean what she wants to watch on Netflix)  "But I didn't really want to watch TV..."  "FINE."
Are...are you stalking me or something?  Is there a camera hidden in my house?  Hell, I'm still 15 months away from the I Do's.  I feel like this is only going to get worse.    Any advice from 15 years in that may help me going forward?  I should not that the week leading up to Valentine's Day, her mother will be staying with us for 6 nights.  In a row.  In our one bedroom apartment, on a blowup mattress.    I dun goofed.
I like it when my fiancée shows me reddit reposts 3 days after the fact on his Instagram feed.
Heh, sounds like my firm.  I re-cabled a large chassis switch during a buildout when the affected area was unoccupied.  6 months later, shit's just hanging around.  I blame my co-workers.
Yeah, that was the one toy that let everyone know how much more your parents loved you than everyone else's.  Source:  Neighbor had one, I was rebuffed.
My fiancée tends to be the one always on the phone during TV/Movies and whatnot.  I've given up even trying to suggest we watch something together that I like.
Yup.  I'd like to thank the USAFA for turning me down based on eye-sight.
That's awesome, wish I had the balls to,quit my job and do that.
Different situation, but all the old people in my building complain about bikes in the bike lane.  As if it's beneath them to bother to look both ways before stepping off the sidewalk.
I was dying laughing at that.  Thing would've gone down a lot in 2008.
Um, the ones in NYC don't ... :(
I, too, remember those pictures.  Wonder what ever happened to her career after MTV.
Indeed, looks like the trim panels caused me some confusion.  Looks like a great day to be out, though.
Soooooo many Sunday night meetings with Fr. Doyle.  I'm amazed he didn't have me booted.  Alumni still sucks, though.
The fight song was actually banned during my tenure.  They brought it back a year after I left.  Unofficially, of course.
People like you, I felt so bad for.  I knew the ending like 15 plus years before the movie came out, and when I saw them marketing the trailer, I was like"oh fuck these people aren't going to see the feels bus coming".  Where the Red a Fern Grows, there,s some shit that'll fuck you up good, too.
Yup.  Saw y'day, was like "hey, Sansa took a level in badass!"
In fairness, I don't own many Blu-Ray discs, but I picked up the Avatar 3D BD the day I got my new TV, and holy shit, it is unlike anything I have ever experienced in the home entertainment space.  The fucking MENU is 3D.  Sure the plot played it safe, but seeing the flight through the floating mountains on IMAX in 3D was mind-blowing when it came out.  I read a critic's review once (of Titan A.E.) and they said that the point of Sci Fi is to see something new, show something fresh.  Avatar did that in spades, and we're all spoiled rotten by what they accomplished.  Pacific Rim, to me, was the next movie that actually worked well with the new ideas available.  End Rant.
Yup.  I lived in Charlotte when they filmed it, love that movie.  Cary Elwes was such a great dick in that movie.
Seriously, I'm 35, and every time I think about how life sucks, I take a little dive into /r/personalfinance and realize that owning my own home with no debt puts me waaaaaay ahead of the game, and I really shouldn't be all pissy.
This. When I was 30 I was taking trips to New Zealand and what-not.
I bet he does.   Source: used to bartender in a hot arid place. With beaches.  Did not sell, though.
Oh god I have a co-worker who laughs at every fucking thing.  Gives me a headache every time.
