Its also because we dont really have a windshield, and gear is part of the culture. The cruiser guys are all about no gear and jeans and tshirts when the weather is warm. Its easier to count who is wearing a helmet than not with the cruiser guys these days. Nobody wears them. A guy at work says he doesnt wear one (hes a harley guy) because he can see better without it (head turning etc). I think hes full of shit.
I appreciate the safety aspects. The reason I support the helmet law is because I dont like having the government forcing things on me. Like the smoking in bars. I wear a helmet and I dont smoke.
It does seem to support that. There really isnt any excuse to not wear a helmet, or a seatbelt. But I always wear gear, and that includes leg protection, not just jeans.
Unless you are one of the ones that actually got raped?
Do you guys prefer the joystick over the mouse? Or all you all sim mode only? It seems like the mouse guys would chew me apart if I used my joystick.
Have you played? Because its fun as hell. Its a computer simulation, you are going to get that kind of thing. The nice thing to know is that other people have the same issues, so its a level playing field.
So they should probably call and cancel their water if they do not want the bill.. Its an automated system, I would think. I certainly would.  Are they using the water to bath in as well as run their toilets?   Crappy situation for sure.
I just can't get used to the force feedback, no matter what I try.
even the eyebrows, you tyrant. I'm afraid to ask where else there is dye.
IT Pro here: absolutely it is. And you may still get hit with something if you dont pay attention.
Did it take you a while to realize the new one wasn't going to F you over?
I'm not a member yet, so just curious. I thought they had an improved damage model so that where you hit is where it damaged. Is this true? So its like world of tanks where you just shoot until the health bar is gone then boom? Lame!
Hey! That's somebody's daughter!
Yeah, i never knew what was going on. But I was 4 or 5. Remember falling into a pit over and over again and making ET's head grow so he could float up out of it. I still remember the falling sound.
This is how I got into IT. Growing up, learning how to get our ancient POS computers to play games. How to upgrade etc. My friends used to come over and at least one of us would have technical problems.
Yep, work until you go to college for below minimum wage, go to college with your HUGE loan, work as an unpaid intern for experience, and then work the rest of your life as a slave to pay off your student lone.
no kidding? I thought the c6 Z sounded mean. Man I want one so bad.
Lots of guys did a mod on the forums to do just that to get that louder sound. I remember the grand sport with gm's copy of this sounding raspier and mean.
interesting. Have you had any microstutters or anything? I'm about to buy two 1080's myself. Do you have them next to each other or spaced apart?
It was OK. Player of games was pretty awesome. Use of weapons that I just started is boring so far
Sold my video cards too soon.. jokes on me waiting lol.  I will not pay the idiot tax to get a founder edition, so all I can do is be relatively patient :)
In on this. I have 0 video cards and an ultra wide X34 sitting :'(
I have a 3440 x 1440 monitor coming. I guess I'll need to SLI to get 95-100 fps
Yep, that's the one. Excited. The monitor gets here and I have no video cards yet :(
From the UK?
You wanna be done.. but you cant. I'm in the same boat :'(
I agree. I only said GB sucks because the hardware sucks, not because of what happened today. I mean, I'm salty right now, but they would not be my 2nd pick if we had many choice right now. I've had their cards fail on me before.
I cant believe you have done this
Man, I'd do it to if i had the money. Racing beats pc gaming x 1000. Its so fucking expensive. Brakes, fluids, replacing parts. It never ends. So its iracing for me :(
really? That's a bummer. I'm mostly interested in iracing, so I hope they make it viable.
That would be a blast! Sears point has racing classes with corvettes that is supposed to be tons of fun.   I'd be happy motorcycle racing too, but thats expensive and I dont want to break myself
Ask anyone how long a GTR can keep lapping. For such a heavy car, it blows it's brakes away quick with the computer doing all the auto correcting. The service for that car is incredibly expensive. That was 2012, not the new z06. GTR is also fully. So yeah if you want to do a few hotlaps in the GTR, have fun. If I had the money that I'd need to run a GTR I'd have some other exotic. It's an appliance with an exotic price.
Just got one too! Beautiful
It took me forever to clean mine off. Removed every screw.
I used the word "quite" correctly. Are you thinking of the word quiet? "Quite enough" is a phrase that means close but not all the way there.
You seem very mad, I'm sorry about your life right now 😢
Why is it insulting to hope your life and mood improve? Has it become so bad that you immediately have to be defensive when someone actually wishes you well? Wow, Im really sorry you feel that way. Hopefully things go better and you'll be in a better frame of mind soon. Don't take all the downvotes to heart.
Does the info change over time? I'm trying to understand the two week thing.  The guy said, maybe the hardware connector twists the cable, thats not going to help anything. Then you got into which twisted pair of cat 5/6 cable has more of a tighter twist to it. THATS irrelevant. So no, no matter how hard you want to win at an internet argument, you havent.
man, dont bother. I'm selling my second 1080, its still a pain in the ass.
Yeah, I saw that, but then I'm like, do I really want to have to do all this kind of thing all the time? Sigh, I guess I'll just put up with 80 frames per second. :D Why would you spend all that money to deal with that sort of thing? The fix was like a page of shit you had to do.
That tweak takes away most of the performance gain. But really, that's the kind of stuff I think, at least for me, is not worth spending so much money on. I get the draw for sli in 4k. It's always been finicky, and I'm betting that at least sli as it stands now won't be how it is down the road, I hope.
Could have won the lotto, but instead I got this blue man group lobster T-shirt.
This makes me feel so dumb.
This is driving me crazy too. What I'm seeing is that someone will bid high, to clear out any real buyers, then use a dummy account to outbid the read account. Its super frustrating; Ebay needs to require a credit card on record for any account, or some other way to get rid of this shit. I would love to now allow buyers under a certain amount of feedback.
Did anyone buy this card? I have a 1080 FE for sale too.
Yep, I've got it set super tight like that already. Doesnt help too much with new accounts. That's what I'm doing now, BIN with no best offers.. frustrating. I think ebay doesnt want to address this because they get to double dip, and collect fees if the item sells or not is not their main concern.
Yep, train until you are blackbelt, you get put in a second school and teach for hours and hours and make next to nothing, paying the franchise fee to your master instructor whom is doing you this huge favor (and collecting all the money) See it all the time.
Yep, contacted them. I dont think you can block the paypal address, just the username.
You can put the email address in the list, but unless its a username, it doesnt do anything.
Yep, bought the same exact car at 28 years old or so. Was a financial burden, wayy expensive if you factor in opportunity cost. Fuck.
