Hey, great question! I'm currently in the process of installing them. I have not yet hooked them out to the car but wiring them in personally up to you, I perfer to have them on all the time. The reason I went with led concepts rather then oracle lighting is because I read reviews on oracle that they go bad within a few months. The reason I ended up getting the halos at all was because I wanted dtrl that would look good on my car and cause I wanted some sexy pictures
I'd go with Lily. I named my Mopar '11 Letty. What is up with those rims though?
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
Nevermind, thank you so much for your answer, but I found out I just screwed up the wiring. Lol thanks once again
I've already got some flashing me their high beams for some reason, I guessed they were too bright so I just dimmed them a bit.
Haha that's awesome, I'll have to see how it looks on mine.
Orders ones that have rgb leds
Hey buddy i own the Mopar game here back off 😂   Just kidding, nice to see another Mopar fan!  [just a small example of my Mopar collection](http://i.imgur.com/Vj8izVv.jpg)
Mine haa like 40 of them, really stupid idea
I have 4 sealed one up for trade
I need that 16 angels!!!!
I need that daytona!
I want that rv on the mac
I dont have any pf those up for trade, how about a nitrodoorslamer
Well i have nothing for you :( but i want that
Damn :( thats the last one i need to finish 2016
Nice! Can i get a pic?  I own a [Mopar 11](http://i.imgur.com/LdWgzPe.jpg)  Gonna upgrade next year to a ['17 Scat Pack](http://i.imgur.com/luEV7uO.jpg)
Everyone of my finds so far his been completely unexpected. Ill be honest and say i do try to get the delivery schedules and info like that so i can go early in the morning and get some boxes but everytime i am told a day, i show up and they say we dont have a delivery today, so i just gave up on that. What i do is ask the employees if they have anymore in the back, sometimes they do and  sometimes they dont. Over all its a hit and miss game to me atleast.  I mean you could watch youtube videos and see all these dudes raid pallet after pallet after dump bin and get 10, 15, or even 30 supers a week but all thats gonna do is piss you off.   My best advice for you is just take it easy, dont look for supers, let them find you. 5 of my 9 wild finds were when i was just looking for another mainline and happened to run into a super.  Another thing ive began to do is just buy them from ebay. Now let me explain why...  First off I own a Dodge Charger R/T with a V8 and the thing gets 15 miles to the gallon when i drive like an old lady (which i rarely do 😂) so after a day of hunting, hitting about 10 or 15 stores ill be needing gas so thats another 30 or 40 dollars wasted plus the miles i put on the car plus the time i wasted looking for a super.  My second car is a Chevy Silverado with a V6, nod youd expect this thing to get better gas mileage but it doesnt. 14 miles to the gallon 😂. So if i take this around for a day it eats 50 to 60 dollars in gas!  So instead of spending that much money and wasting that much time id rather just buy it from ebay for $20 and get it within a few day  $20 is the maximum ill ever spend on a super, even the Batmobile.  So my best advice is stop looking for supers, not only is it going to make you go crazy but youll lose WAY more then youll every gain.  Happy hunting!
Would love some pictures!!!!  Also i need one of those Redliner Gassers (mint)
Gonna be finishing mine over the next few days too!
I didnt even know what they were/are sending me, they basically said "happy birthday, give me your address i want to send you something" i am honestly mind blown!  Now im just missing the Batmobile and Daytona for my 2016 carded collection
Also happened to me, my first HW collection, My consoles and one of my cars too :(
Went about an hour away from where i live to pick up some stuff for my dads business. Decided to stop at an old rundown looking Kroger found the Daytona and Superbird at the bottom of an old dump bin and the Acura was in a box an employee brought out for me! My first double super find!
Dont worry, im getting 2 complete sets then cracking one open! Just need 8 more to complete both sets, should be done by next week
Thanks! Wasnt even looking for supers this time haha
Still better stocked then my walmart
Save the MM for me! Will be hunting later today and get back to you!
Deal! Hold the MM for me
I might be able to do gran tursimo, let me lok into everthing else today  Can i get a pic of the black out?  Also the pretty much any walmart exclusive i wont be able tl get because my local walmarts are absolutely trash... no wait even garbage is better then them
Thanks! I hope your knee gets better! I hurt mine over the summer and just finished healing a few weeks ago
Yes! I have both variations! only spent $25
I hope to own a real one, one day
Wow, i said i would as soon as i find them :(
We only had 5 extra boxes last time :( now were actually gonna have to do that 5 minutes rule thing
I got them
Mines getting a truck tomorrow, ill let you know, but since im in mochigan dont get your hopes up
The one near me has gotten 2 trucks with nothing i need
I use a check list app and impulse  [like so](http://i.imgur.com/hqXCArX.png)  [I fill in the names and check them off as I get the car](http://i.imgur.com/OBM1QMM.png)
You think youre lucky hahaha 😂   Mine was perfect!   [Thanks to GreenLight!!](http://i.imgur.com/AdCiNwJ.jpg)
Same here 😂 i saw this and juat had to have it! Now if i can only find one similar to a 2011 charger
For my carded set, yes   For no open set (unsure if ill open ot or not) im missing the Porsche and Batmobile
😂 gonnna divorce her cause she dropped a $uper 😂
Hello!  Id like to start of by saying thank you for doing this! I was just going to post my own give away tomorrow.  Ok so let me start at the beginning. When i was a child, i had an obsession for ANY kind of vehicle, rather it be a car, truck, semi, jet, bus, or even a toaster on wheels, I JUST NEEDED IT! one of my earliest memories is from my days in kindergarten. We had a 100 day of school show and tell project. Students were required to bring in 100 of something...... guess what i chose? Thats right 100 diffrent Hot Wheels! Imagine a short, fat, 5 year old walking into school with 5 bags full of hot wheels 😂  and from there it just got better! I dont remember much but by the time i was 14 i had lost interest in toys..... well actually i wouldnt say "lost interest", it was more like financial issues. In all honesty my parents had just bought a house, my mom started going back to school to become a nurse, and my dad had opened his first store (which at the time wasnt doing well) so i had to put my hobbies and interest to the side for a bit, plus i already had around 4 or 5 hundred loose cars EVERYWHERE! So by 16 financially we were in a mich better place but i moved on to gaming, what mean by that is instead of playing with cars on a carpet, i started to play Forza and GTA with friends i made online. That same year my dad thought since i was "too old" for toys, he could pack them up , which i was fine with..... what he didnt tell me was he was going to mail them all to California, where my 7 year old cousin lives. So that pretty much ended my collecting.  Fast forward to March of 2015, i boughty first car at 19, 2011 Dodge Charger and she was properly named [Letty](http://i.imgur.com/bZVq4US.jpg). After getting this i was determined to find a scale model of my car, while looking online i ran into an article that said hot wheels was going to release a 2015 Dodge Challenger Hellcat. I now wanted that car no matter what 😂. So after a few weeks i finally found one on a short card, turns out it was from a 50 car case that someone had opened and dumped out, but since i had already picked up the 3 i wanted (Challenger Hellcat, BMW M3 (i think) in goldish green, and the DeLorean hover mode time machine) so they just let me have them for free! After that i didnt buy anything else till July of 2016 when i heard GreenLighy was releasing my exact car as a model! [Immediately i pre-ordered 4](http://i.imgur.com/IppsLRG.jpg) and thats where it all started! After that i would regularly pick up Mopars and other cars i liked. Around August i found this sub since i wanted to get more knowledge of what was/is out there for me to collect. And the rest is history.  Oh and the main reason i collect CARDED hot wheels is cause my mom didnt like the mess i use to make with loose ones 😂   Ok so now for my absolute favorite hot wheel car is going to have to be the 2011 Dodge Charger $uper, not cause its a super but because the 2011 Charger was and still is my first car! This car no matter what will put a smile on my face as soon as i put my foot down and hear those tires squeal! I love the model since it reminds me of the hard work i had to go through to get to where i am and afford my car.  My favorite non-Hot Wheels car is the GreenLight Mopar 11 [Charger](http://i.imgur.com/Qgj9Umt.jpg) because it is MY CAR! This will bring up memories for the rest of my life and will always hold a special place in my collection!  TLDR: use to have tons of loose cars, dad gave them away. Lost interest till i bought my first car. After i got my car, GreenLight released an exact 1/64 scale model. Collecting started again!  Favorite HW: 2011 Dodge Charger Super  Favore non-HW: GreenLight Mopar 11
7 to be exact  * Acura NSX * Porsche 993 * BMW Z4 * Boom Box * Ford GT * Nitro Doorslammer *Carbonic
I have one of those as well! I saw it at tru and bought it immediately! Helavent seen one in the wild since
[ive got this one](http://i.imgur.com/3AKvwB3.jpg)
I took my Ram out a few weeks ago [Plowin'](http://i.imgur.com/DUj77tT.jpg)
Ill let you know, gonna keep looking around here for a week or 2
Damn! Can i get a pic?
Got enough chargers 😂
