Still not better than my Truth that shoots kittens.  Story topping is cool!!!!!
Awesome, thank you!  I have to admit, i was pretty certain there was something else but knew it was a pretty irrelevant material.
In continuing kind of with JBurd, just jump on in to the raids.  Seriously, if anyone gets all pissy and angsty because you "let them down" they probably need to take a break from the game.  With that in mind, a huge reason that people keep around this game is because of the community and the fact that 99% of players seem to remember we were all new once.  When you're ready to jump into a raid (give yourself 1-1.5 hours for a fresh run; 20odd minutes if you're just doing the end) post on an LFG site and be honest that you're a newbie.  You probably won't see a difference in how quickly you get a reply, but this way you're likely to get someone who is looking to help someone learn the mechanics or the raid itself.  let the team know you're not talkative but will listen; and then just be polite and reply when necessary.  Source:  Was sherpa-ing for a while until I took a break from the game.
I just want a Mawg shader now so I too can be my own best friend.
Ahhh, the gold ol' Shornmoon.  Gonna have to get quite a lot of Vanguard missives for that one.  I'm really loathing the special ammo change more and more in crucible as I'm a filthy shotgunner....but it gets much harder when special ammo is nowhere to be found :(
Earlier I was bitching and moaning about how much I was getting killed by Thorn, and felt like I needed to nut up.  Then I looked at the  kill feed, and didn't see a non-pistol kill (aside from melee and heavy) during the period I was observing.   It's getting fucking ridiculous, I'm so tired of green bullets and feeling like my screen was part of a hive bukkake vid.
I call Ol' Hickory, Andrew Jackson.  Well, since I'm an exo I guess I'm Robo-Jackson
Took us 5 tries to beat the nightfall tonight.  2 runs went down to the shriekers and one went to the architects (falling to our deaths, not bugs).  Suffice to say, it was a depressing set of tries.
My parents were killed by a rogue doorway when I was younger, so I do my damndest to avenge them.  At least, that's what I tell myself.
Yo.  At this point the only sub I've frequented is this one.  Dallied a little in Binding of Isaac's, TIL's, and have posted in 1 or 2 others.  By and far, it's all about DestriyTheGame
My post on destinylfg earlier:  "LFXM.  Don't need to be experienced.  Do need to not be an asshat"  Got 4 good people.  They didn't get pissy when I got babooned a couple of times, and we performed better than most of the other groups I've been with.  One guy got fatebringer, ice breaker (aka erotic shard), mythoclast and hawkmoon.  To say he was happy is an understatement.
I'm pretty sure I'd rather go back to 2 tin cups and some string before I'd use Comcast again.  If I wanted to pay a company to spit in my face, there's already a ton of different option out there.  That being said, I've noticed some issues since moving, so I think I might need to try this fix with CenturyLink.  Lordy knows they're about as high quality as Comcast is.
Never played enough Gears to think of it offhand.  However, the rest were pretty much always on my roommate's TV back in college
As someone who was already considering deleting my alt 'lock and making a Titan, I might have to unload so synths at the same time
That's the best way to look at it, imo, for someone in your shoes (or in mine).  I bought my PS4 in January of 14.  Beat AC4 and Infamous Second Son.  Owned Watchdogs but couldn't get behind it enough to complete more than about 4 hours worth of BS.  Everything else I'be been playing has been a free PS Plus game...   ....except Destiny.  Don't get me wrong, I am in the minority for Day 1 players with only about 15 days worth of time on my account.  But 15 days for 90 bucks?  Hell, I'm at about 25 cents an hour on Destiny, which is a hell of a lot better than all of the other games that I've played on this system.  Sure, I wish there was more content (who doesn't always want more), but doggonit, I've more than gotten my money's worth.  I will be buying TTK and the associated DLCs.  I'll do it as the bundle, and I'll be happy about it.  Even if I put just another 24 hours into the game, I'll still feel like overall, I've gotten my money's worth.
Of everyone that I game with on Destiny, only 1 person was a Day 1er like myself; others came along with later DLCs or just because they finally jumped on the train.  I really think taking the break by getting distracted is what keeps the game fun.  I got hooked on Binding of Isaac and would do tons of runs a day for a while, but now I'm weaned off.  I'm back to enjoying 0-3 hours of Destiny per day, doing random shit that I want to do or getting blazed and driving around in my sparrow.  That type of casual play is what is getting more and more people interested in the game; now that it's becoming less and less of a grindfest I think we'll see more people joining in.
I realized it was fucking stupid to not do raids if there was another exotic I was looking for, so I started doing Vault again.  Gjally dropped on the first return.
That's what my first bit with warframe was like...  "I can't take that!  What if you need that mode/fusion core/whatever"  "Ummm, dude you're dumb"  " :( "
It's been a while since I played Warframe, but I keep hoping that we'll get something like Defend or Survival in Destiny.  Something tells me I shouldn't hold my breath :(
You're just not thinking selfishly enough.  (When I get the CE, Vanilla + DLCs are going to my best bud to get him into the game)
I never taken the Frontier shell off.  My ghost is a rugged ghost!
Outside of a few instances, I was pretty much lag free the entire time.  Just ground my hunter from 0-5, warlock from 4-5, and titan from 2-5 and only recall 2 people lagging (and they were dropped from the game almost immediately).  I also got at least 3 kills per bladedance activation with only 1 times that hit detection missed for me, so I've got both sets of luck :)
If you are rank 5 with each then it is probably justbdelayed rewards from your rank 5 package.   My hunter and titan both got armor pieces that didnt show until I went to orbit.  Warlock got a 310 handcannon that Saladin gave me right away.
Knuckle is ok, but pretty much find myself using the exotics that boost an ability more; though Skyburner's Annex is amazing should you get it.  If you're ps4, feel free to add me, same name as reddit.
Yea i like the list of reasons for why someone isba scrub and it is basically only becausr youre a piece of shit.  I play like a scrub because I stupidly just want to have fun with this game.  But OP can say its only because I want to troll or suck shit or whatever.
Could have sworn they were large but you are a waaaay better source than I am; defender probably has close to 20 minutes of playtime total.  Thank you for correcting me :)
Garlow112.  Do have exp but this will be the first time for my titan
Garlow112. Warlock has completed but this would be the first time through for my titan.  Know what to do and dont really care how long it takes as long as people dont get pissy
Seems like a neat group, just sent my request.  Normally play in the early AM (5-8ish EST), but get on at a reasonable time on my days off  Edit:  Should note I have 3 toons all in the mid 300's; am a Day 1 player, and am casual in my progression.  I enjoy knowing the raids and helping out in all content; but Im not the kind of player who has to do HM raid and Trials and NF all x3 weekly.  Can and will, but equally as open to play crucible all those hours too.
Garlow112.  307 lock.  Beaten nm a few tomes but trying to complete hm and learn the mechanics
Havent beaten hm yet, but have completed nm a couple of times.  306/307 warlock
Have a 308 lock, haven't done any hm this week so drops could move me to 310 by the and.  Have gone through goofy nd know the challenge.  Psn Garlow112 if you need the 6th and I work out
Yea, because that didn't happen.  No one ground it out for 6 days and then missed it because of the last 5 hours.  The only reason people missed out is because they made the choice to wait and take advantage of better experience gains.  Does it suck that their choice ended up burning them because Psn went down?  Hell yes it does.  But why is it on Bungle to fix a choice of *don't play the game*?   I'm an extremely casual player.  I work 60 hours a week.  I didn't even start Banner until Saturday night.  Yet I still hit rank 5 on all 3 of my toons.  If you wanted to put in even a modicum of effort, you made it to 5 too.  If you wanted to wait and do it as easily as possible, you unfortunately got burned.
Garlow112.  Alt hunter 309 who will be taking her first dabble in to HM.  320 spindle for the ride
Garlow112.  309 Titan that is just shy of 310.  Is my alt so only through blessing of light.  Have completed HM including challenge with my other 2 characters with week.
Garlow112 titan.  Only 309 but have HM and cm experience.  Bringing a 320 spindle to the party
I will be playing this game next Thursday.
Garlow112.  Pretty much got the same mentality; had to finally leave the last group after the bitchfest became too much
We had this same discussion during IB.  You feel like the mother effing all star when you hit that Way of the Gun nowadays.
I've had some police stations that did that to me too.  I generally have to leave so copters start coming in, then use them to make more explosions inside the station by tethering them to the ground and exploding them that way.  Only suggestion I've got though
I took "Wreak Havoc" to mean "make explosions".  My strategy for police stations was pretty much to blow up the transformers and fuel tanks, then run back and forth killing dudes while blowing up explosives.  If that didn't complete it, getting vehicles inside the perimeter to blow up until it finally showed cleared.
Yea I totally didn't get that at all.  My bad.  I hope they offer some sort of discount.  I can understand not going for freesies because they are a business and whatnot, but it would be nice if it was something like $20 but you got the digital collectors edition instead of generic.  Then you can at least feel a little better because that edition was already 20 more so it's not as painful to rebuy.
How the heck do you get that many coins to donate?!  I've just recently started completing greed mode, but each time it's like sub 20
Garlow112 334 titan
Garlow112 titan or hunter.  Experienced and got all the gear
Garlow112 400 everything
Pretty much the same here.  I had an eve run earlier that was like experimental treatment and old bandage floor 1, then thunder thighs and pageant boy floor 2(plus missing page)  Fuck that run, wasn't going to be fun
On PS4 as well, feel free to shoot me a friend request.  Also up to do most Destiny things whether shooting guardians or mobs.
Garlow112.   Would prefer to run my hunter but can do the ol titan as well
I'm about to post an LFG for Vault HM cm and all that jazz if you wanna join.  Just reply to this if you're still free and I'll shoot the invite
