Yes. Actually. You just defined what an accident *is*. There are no 'unavoidable accidents'. I know every single accident that happened at the saw mill where I work, and every single fucking one of them can be traced back to people doing unsafe shit or not being told how to do something *properly*.  If you use a saw properly, *your fingers will not touch the blade*.  If that blade is ever spinning, and your finger touches it, *YOU FUCKED UP*.  Unless that blade is literally jumping up out of the machine, *you are at fault*.  Fuck, if someone *pushes you into the saw* that is still an accident, and was still avoidable! What world do you live in?
I have thought of an unavoidable accident in the meantime. The benching saw where we worked was open at the top, with a 'blade' at the back, to make sure the wood split open for the guy on the other side to grab and pull it through. It keeps the wood straight.  Anyway, wood can, in specific cases, get caught on the *back* of the saw, and get flung forwards at the bencher. I've seen it happen. Thankfully, the bencher saw the wood was cracked and got the fuck out of the way once it started moving through the saw. But it spat a heavy-as-fuck jagged piece of wood a good 5-6 metres out over the floor. Not fatal, sure, but it could have broken bones and given nasty cuts.  And there was nothing really you could do to avoid that accident except anticipate it.  But that still doesn't involve someone touching the saw. I cannot for the life of me think of a single instance where a finger touches a saw that is avoidable by *simple* safety measures and proper technique.  *Maybe* if you're shaving a small amount off the side of a piece of wood. But even then, why aren't you using a fucking wooden wedge to push the rest of the wood through the saw, therefor saving your fingers?  Ugh.
tl;dw: I spent five minutes in what was clearly a laggy server and uninstalled the game.
As someone in the outback, all I can think is...  Why the fuck isn't that horse gelded?
Lag.  Lag in videogames makes me fucking wild.  I don't mind if someone is better than me, but as an Australian living in the middle of nowhere with some of the worst internet infrastructure you've ever fucking seen, losing the majority of the time due to latency and lag issues makes me froth at the mouth and scream obscenities at my tv that most other people keep to themselves or yell out of car windows.
Just about the only person in the world to fully inhale a plastic dart and survive.  Go me.
Yes.  And I would hate myself for every fucking second afterwards.
Pluto has moons?  I thought pluto was already a planetoid or someshit.  *edit* And after some research, apparently it has four moons. I was told none of this in school.
Use six. You'll see.  The collectors, at least for me, CONSTANTLY fucking bug out. The main one is that they all go for the same target.  I've literally had a second collector pop out of my ship and take the fucking item a collector is ALREADY bringing to me.  And then there's the collectors that come back, and expire immediately after a single run.  But mainly, it's when they fucking form a snail trail all following one collector. You've got one collector actually grabbing things, and *FIVE OF THE FUCKING THINGS* following after it doing exactly nothing.  And the only way to fix them is to blow them up by turning off your collector system.  Watch your collector on radar next time you're mining. You'll start to notice it. My clipper has 130-ish cargo. I went out with 70 drones and with all the fucking bugging out, I managed to mine a grand total of like 20 tons.  If they didn't bug out, it would be *amazing*. I would actually enjoy mining.
I don't mine at RES sites specifically because of pirates.  I went there llooking for pirates to kill. Found nothing. Went back there to do mining, and lo and behold, a wing of three cunt MK3's started shooting up my mining rig.  So I warped out, came back in, and a fucking *anaconda* crept up behind me like I didn't fucking see him lurking back there. As he scanned me, I lowered my weapons and started to bail (Can't catch a clipper, bitch!) but he just said 'uhhh, by the looks of you, I'm just gonna move on' and left.  Never saw another pirate all my mining time.  Pre-patch, mining was *impossible* because you would be constantly molested by pirates.
As someone *in a relationship with a trans person*, I think I can most adequately say this:  Why are so many trans people whiny goddamn cunts?  Why do they have this giant fucking chip on their shoulder and feel that they're competing in the 'I'm oppressed' olympics because they have an affliction?  I've got ADHD. Does that give me the right to be a cunt to anyone that isn't ADHD? Do I get to ban people who post in subs like /r/multitasking?  That mod needs to get the chip off his shoulder, and use it to build a bridge and get the fuck OVER himself.  What a goddamn piece of shit.
I completely agree with him about the 'play through the pain' thing. Pain is your body's way of telling you something is wrong. Ignoring that is a bad fucking idea.  I have a fucked wrist to this day, from *years ago*, because I decided to ignore pain and continue working. Several years and two operations later, and they can't fix it. They basically just told me to live with it. So I have a gimpy wrist *for the rest of my fucking life*.  The rest of it, however, is complete hogwash.
I was gonna say 'absolutely none' but there is one song...  It's not even a sad song.  [Penny Arcade - Roy Orbison](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FvqdEopJ2SI)  It was a song my grandmother really, really liked. She played it all the time, and I remember it vividly from my childhood, even though I haven't heard it in near a decade.  It was the song they played when we carried her casket out of the church.
I saw a screenshot of their 'rule breaking'. They had a picture of an (obese) imgur moderator/admin whatever, and that was it.  Just a picture in the sidebar.  And their entire subreddit got nuked because that's 'harassment'.  Not to mention the neogaf subreddit bans that have no reason whatsoever. There's a very real possibility that KiA will be get banned.  Personally, I hope they do.  It'll be fun watching reddit die.
Swapping up to my clipper was hilarious. Seeing pirates in RES zones just back the fuck off after they scanned me.  I had an *ANACONDA* sidle up behind me and scan me. I had my weapons swapped over, and was already targeting his power plant when he said 'uhhh, I'm just gonna leave you alone' and ran away.
You know, as someone who doesn't really believe in gun control, people like this make me reconsider.
Yeah, the docking computer sucks on the clipper.  As do the fucking collection drones.  Ugh.  The collection drones fly like fifty metres below you before zooming directly up at your underside. It makes them take an extra 3-4 seconds per run. And that adds up big-time in the long run.  And during docking, it flies you directly into the mouth of the station belly-first for some stupid fucking reason. It's done this to me like three or four times now and I've just stopped equipping it on my clipper.
Amazing how things work.  This prompted me to actually go look up how a tumbler lock works (and how to open one!).  I'm probably on a list now.
I wasn't actively sucking dev dick when I posted, so got downvoted. This is one of the worst subs on reddit, I swear.  All I can suggest is that you try both private group, and open. Also, try two private groups, one started by you, one by your friend.
$700,000 worth of social life  ^^^sob
I'm glad I'm not the only one!
I could never be a police officer.  Imagine that kind of shit just being part of your fucking day. Once they were done at that crash site, that officer holding the child had to go do fucking paperwork.  How could you possibly get on with your day after distracting a newly-orphaned little boy/girl from the sight of their dead parents a handful of metres away?  Fuck. That.
My sister related a story to me.  She was with a friend, and she said she was turning 21 soon. The friend asked how old I was, and my sister said 22.  Her friend then asked 'huh... has he always been older than you?' followed by '...that's the dumbest thing I've ever said.'
Australian here.  You're gonna need those guns in a decade or two. The government aint changing any time soon, and once we get these robots in to do transport jobs and etc, the unemployment rate is going to skyrocket. There simply won't be enough jobs to go around and corporations are going to be shoving even more wealth into their pockets while the average worker gets nothing.  And the government aint going to fix it.  And whether you're on the side of the government, or of the people, you're going to need those guns.  I know for fact that if shit goes down over here, we can't overthrow our government. We simply can't 'rise up' any more because we have no weapons to do it with.  Bonus mini-rant: Americans are too attached to their guns. You can't say 'we're taking away guns' and expect the people with guns to give them up. *They have the guns*.  It's a really, really fucking horrible thing to say, but I'm going to say it.  Less people are going to die, *in the short term*, from mas-killings and spree killings, than would get killed trying to take the guns from the gun-nuts of America.  In a generation or two, the gun-nuts will be replaced by moderate people who aren't so gun-crazed, and you'll be able to phase out firearm ownership in a safe, practical way that won't end in a miniature civil war.  That is if there isn't a civil war after robotics take all of your job before then. Who knows what will happen after that.
Or maybe I didn't grow up in a place with crowded hallways? I'm from outback australia. We had less people in our school than you have in most classrooms. And fights take place in open areas with plenty of room to grab something like a shirt, or a bag, and spin the other person right to the ground and curb stomp the fuck out of them.
It's currently 6PM and I'm reading reddit, pondering on slouching upstairs soon to cook up some motherfucking rump steak.
Old cum that has gone 'off'. Seriously. Don't ever smell that. Just the memory of it makes me want to throw up now.
I have never before wanted to punch a woman in the jaw as much as I do right now.  Why the *fuck* did these idiots holding the phone not do anything?  If I saw that shit happening near me, I would have stood up and beat the absolute *fuck* out of the aggressor. Fuck gender roles. Fuck everything.  If you're going to act like a fucking savage, you can get punched in the face like one. That little kid screaming because some fucking subnormal *cunt* dragged her mother off a park bench fills me with a goddamn unnatural amount of rage.  Fuck those people. Fuck their skin colour. Fuck their gender. I would cheer if the end of the video showed someone knocking them the fuck out for being the worst kind of subhuman fucking *scum*.
I am the original fucking poster. And I just clarified that I didn't read about a fph subreddit getting the banhammer after the fact for no reason, it was a neogaf one.  I just gave you a crystal clear example of where the admins banned an idea, not behavior. And you can't explain it away with 'ban evasion' because, while neogaf was banned, neogafinaction was created six months prior to the banning. Ergo, it cannot be ban evasion.  Put up or shut the fuck up.
Exactly as was explained. I try to keep my answers as real to the subject being asked as possible, *cough* unlike some other Dr Cox's around here.  It's a place for men who reject the advantages women have in today's societies. Or at least, feel threatened by them (false rape accusations, for instance, female partner's dominance of social issues I.E. she sets up the dinner dates, decides where they go for dinner, or makes the lion's share of decisions regarding the day-to-day life of the couple).  But with that being said, the kinds of people that congregate there just seem to have a hateboner going for women.  At least, that's how I understand I place. Understandable intentions, but an absolutely horrible place.  Sort of like SRS for men.
Touched a spanner to the side of a loader while trying to loosen the nut on the battery.  The burn healed.  The spanner melted halfway through. It was pretty cool.
I ducked down the back of the local pub to have a smoke after the new laws came in that meant you couldn't smoke inside. There was no real 'area' set aside for it, so we just walked out the back and had a smoke.  Dude was just laying there on his face, sort of spread-eagled. His neck was twisted at an angle, and even though it wasn't *much* of an angle it was far enough to be like, you know, broken. It didn't look *right*.  I didn't want to touch him, because I thought he was pretty much dead, but I sucked up all my courage and sort of wiggled my fingers down past the collar of his jacket to check his pulse. I wanted to roll him over to make it easier, but I kinda thought maybe he might have  broken his back or neck or something, especially with that weird tilt, and if he was still alive I didn't want to roll the poor cunt over and cause problems with his spine.  But there was no pulse. Guy was *dead*.  But as I moved his jacket, I saw a bit of paper taped to his front. Some kind of suicide note or something. So I carefully wiggled the piece of paper out from under him, and it ripped a little bit as it came free of the sticky tape. But the words on it were clearly legible still. Scribbled all hasty-like, like he was in a hurry to get his message out before he jumped off a fucking roof.  I'll never forget those scrawled words.  'OP should have added a 'serious' tag.'
I live in outback queensland.  The power goes out more often than the fucking internet does. It's retarded. It hasn't gone out properly for a month or two now. But every other month we get a power outage that lasts a good six hours or more.
There's a question you need to ask here:  Was the seal on the game case already broken?  If the seal was broken, then take it back to the store itself and cause more of a fuss than the game is worth. They'll give a new game just to avoid issues.  Now, if the seal WASN'T BROKEN when they got the game, it's not the store's fault, but rather, the manufacturer's.  My own story time: I purchased 'The Pacific' from a dv/cd store in grand central, Toowoomba. When I got it home, the insert was inside the case, but none of the DISCS THEMSELVES were.  I rang them up, explained the situation, didn't even ask for a replacement or anything, just asked like, wtf can I do, and they mailed me out the discs. Free of charge.  Some stores are just cunts, I guess.
Nausea.  It's so pervasive. It colours everything else you do. And it's inescapable.  there's nothing you can DO about it, either. You're just nauseous. Your stomach is thinking if ejecting its contents.  And then there's hunger nausea, where you're so fucking hungry you feel weak, but your stomach is churning so hard and broiling over with disgust that you feel crawling up the back of your throat like green tentacle gas that you can't stomach taking a single bite of food or a sip of water.
As an Australian, I would just like to say   AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH
Uhhhm... Tehuevi, I think? There's a station orbiting a pristine ringed gas giant that I use for mining. Get decent amounts of painite and whatnot.  But the missions never changed the entire time I sat in the station. I guess I need to fly around. Which is shite because I always get interdicted by pirates.
As an Australian, I have to ask:  What the fuck is an icestorm?  I truly, sincerely have not heard of these and would like to know.
It's been three weeks.  Three weeks and one day, exactly.  You could have waited at least a *month* before being a cunt about it, but you didn't.  The shit is still in *cinemas* for fucks sake. I mean, honestly, if it was direct-to-dvd or some kind of digital download, I couldn't give a fuck. But as someone living in remote Australia, I can't see this movie without pirating it online or travelling four hours in PERSONAL TRANSPORT to the nearest cinema to see it. And that's not on a fucking train, or on a bus. That would be me, fueling my car, driving four hours to an evening showing of it, and then driving another four hours back home just because dumb cunts on reddit can't hold their fucking tongues.
I know a guy. He won 125 million. He works 9-5 and has his money bundled up in a trust fund or something. Mainly because he's from a European country and they had to hide the money for fear of him being kidnapped and held for ransom.  Fucking insane.
Wonder how the fuck I got from Australia, to NK, in a single night while I slept the entire time.
I am offensive and I find this Australian.
That's the one!  I loved that series. And then I went looking for season 2 and found out it was produced by Fox. And what do you know? They fucking axed it.
Annnnd not paying for Netflix any more.  As an Australian, fuck Netflix. Give us a fucking streaming service with one seventh what is available in America?  Oh, thank you *so* much for seasons seven and eight of mythbusters! That's really great. Where's the fucking rest of them?  I understand that there are legal hurdles to these things. But either put up, or shut up. Netflix needs to give me something to justify me paying them every month for the service.  And with Netflix Australia, they're not worth the fucking money.
Amazing.  I actually heard about this at work today.  And an ACTUAL FUCKING ABORIGINAL PERSON, JUST LIKE MYSELF, said that she and her friends fucking enjoyed the game! They were JOKING ABOUT IT.  'Oh look, I ran into my cousin'.  STOP BEING OFFENDED ON OUR BEHALVES YOU STUPID FUCKING WANKERS.
I still remember S&amp;D hardcore, on that one map with a bunch of green grass and rusted buildings. Kinda with a river cutting down the middle? God, it's been a while.  Anyway, I killed someone as I was running across the bridge, and then his friend showed up. I tossed a flashbang to try and get enough time to reload, and the grenade hit the ground, bounced, and then rolled onto his foot.  He died.  We won the match.  Best kill cam ever.
Good.  My sister has been 'engaged' three times now and she's fucking 18.  Kids are fucking retards.
Getting clothes for christmas presents!
I actually saw that argument used by a lawyer to try and find an innocent man guilty of rape.  I forget the exact wording, but it boiled down to 'please find this man guilty, if you don't, then it will make rape victims less likely to come forwards in future'.  It was the most infuriating thing I have ever read.
I still remember when the playstation came out and how *weird* it was to use a disc.  Wtf is this? Games use cartridges, not discs!  Now look at everything. The only things taking cartridges any more are handhelds.
