But on the other hand how many of them would have turned out to be the new Hitler? Again, we will never know.  Personally, I think it's up to the individuals to decide. I would never ask my girlfriend to get an abortion, but that doesn't mean I want to make that choice for others.
*My cousin and I touched wah.. wie... wien.. My cousin and I touched weiners*
Yes I am well aware of the costs. I only spend about $150 on gas per month. Rent alone would cost $300-$400 more. So even if I walked to work, I would still be spending at least an extra $150. I also work a compressed week, so I only have to commute 3-4 days per week.
God damn that bee shit. The property next to my girlfriend's work has a bunch of hives on it and the cars there get **covered** in it. That shit doesn't come off!!
Multitasking/split screen was on my stock S4, S5, and Note 4. Reading this post makes me feel like I live in an alternate universe. I'm assuming this feature must be a Samsung thing?
Goddamnit this describes my electronics instructors perfectly. Apparently you should already have a degree in electronics before taking any classes.
Dude can't afford a house with those monthly Lambo payments. He just lives in a garage with his books and Lamborghini.
Yeah then when the chronic high-fiver took off running, I was expecting a chase scene.
Well grandson, sit down by the fire and let me tell you a little story...
I've read that a good emergency fix for leaking fuel is to rub a bar of soap over the crack and it will seal it temporarily.
Shit you want to talk about hell try working there during Christmas when they start playing the same 10 holiday songs over and over from Thanksgiving until New Years.  It's especially terrible when you work in the back where there isn't much background noise to drown out the music.
I have a Ukrainian friend, with a strong accent, who does this occasionally. 10/10, would laugh again.
Lincoln City right? We've tried there once or twice before and definitely had some good luck. Thanks!
No that's just my penis.
Yeah, I mean I've only been here for maybe two years but I swear to god this place gets repetitive pretty often.
My company instituted a new program giving any new parent 8 weeks off at 100% pay within the first year of birth/adoption. It was definitely a huge relief.  However, now some of my co-workers are discussing adopting 17.5-year-olds for the free vacation.
The trick is to work overnight and get that huge shift differential while simultaneously missing all the traffic because everyone is going the other direction (aside from 26 perhaps).
Wait for husband.     Or work from home.
Still got some Ewok that I bought in Vancouver. Stuff ain't bad.
Ever drank water from Vegas? That's the most disgusting stuff I've ever tasted, and I usually leave quite dehydrated.
Uh, I was born in Oregon, smart guy.
Great tip! It made it really awkward when my brother-in-law got back with his partner after telling everyone that she had cheated on him. Thanksgiving and Christmas are always entertaining though...
A broken e-clip got me a great deal on an 80's K20. The clip popped off a solenoid (or something? it's been a decade) and got trapped in the valve body so the truck wouldn't shift out of first gear. We found it by accident while pulling the tranny apart, but once it was removed the truck ran like a dream.
watched 10 episodes of Criminal Minds!
We *did* get to make all those Achy Brakey Fart jokes though, so there is a bit of a trade off.
Hello, fellow poor kid!
Pretty much every store I've been in inside Oregon carries it as well.
I wish it was only 10 years.
I just finished BSG for the first time a few days ago after burning through all the Star Trek series and *wow* I've been missing out.   There's a torrent following around it there with the complete series, mini series, movies, episodes, etc all in order to anyone who hasn't seen it yet.
I believe they're what you described as rogue waves. There are warning signs all up and down the Oregon coast to watch for sneaker waves. I've never actually seen one here, though, even after visiting the coast hundreds of times.
Holy shit people are not happy with your comment. I don't even see what's controversial about it. Looking back at my teenage years, I can't help but agree with you.
I worked there for three years and I can confidently say that they (management) were all miserable people. Well, except for my manager, who was later fired for boning one of the wine vendors, or the overnight manager who was really friendly and then got caught stealing $80k from the cash office over some time.
&gt;And their product cycles aren't changing very quickly.  You aren't kidding. I was at the Portland Auto Show today and the new Acuras look exactly like the Acuras from 2005. The Accord has only had mild styling upgrades since around the same time. I do think the Civic has actually been updated quite a few times in that time frame, though.
I bought a 3 year old Camry with 30k miles for only $15,500 which to me is about as close to a new car as you can get. What are you looking at for $10,000 more?
Just for the hell of it I looked up the total cost of this loan. It was over $9,000 interest for 360 months at 2%. Not as bad as I initially thought.
I work in semiconductors. We do have local support companies, like yours, who build us tools, but the high volume manufacturing (which supports a lot of jobs) is all done overseas.  I think we simply have conflicting anecdotes. Neither one proves anything, but the trend has certainly been to ship jobs overseas.
As someone who has repeatedly tried to give AB a second, third, fourth, etc chance, I will tell you that your food might as well be microwaved because it tastes like bland substitute "food."   However I suspect there may be more to this post than some generic TIL, and there are advertising dollars involved to counter AB's perceived quality.
Most residents live in the valley surrounded by the Coastal and Cascade mountains, so we get maybe 1-2" every couple of years. In 30 years, I can only recall getting about a foot of snow once, and that was in the early 90's.
I'm planning on having Thanksgiving dinner at a Ramada Inn and don't expect to have any problems drinking alcohol either.
Can confirm, just bought two tickets for $300 (they also had tickets for $100 each) and rooms are $36 a night.
I'm a little further in Portland. Did you go through Spirit?
How do you put up with it? I tried ramen or sandwiches for a while and I honestly can't stand to eat either of those ever again. Luckily my new work has a cafeteria and I can get a full meal for $5-6
We have the same exact table from Ikea.
If you have the income to afford a second car payment and insurance, why haven't you paid off the first one? Don't fall into this trap or you'll end up like my parents in their 60's with no savings and a lot of debt.
Awesome! The closest one is about 1,000 miles away in Sacramento!!
That's not true. My SO got 4 free tickets and there isn't a live nation venue within 1,000 miles of us.
I've even used an orange successfully in urgent situations.
&gt;but I wouldn't want to have my SO signed for the house when she has debt in collections and is not financially responsible...  That's why I'm trying to do it with just my income. We've been together for 9 years and have a daughter, but we're not actually married, so I don't think she would need to be included on the mortgage.
I recently grabbed my 13 year old Compaq Presario from my parents house to copy my old music downloaded from Napster and Kazaa and it still works fine. My niece was even using it for web browsing up until a couple of years ago.
I didn't have any issues? I am rooted with ad-away though.
