What's the experience like, going VPN on a mobile? Do you have a big drop as the VPN reconnects  when your phone changes towers? Are there any serious quality of life impacts I'll incur, moving to always VPN?
It's true, my wife and I have reconsidered travel because of the absurdity of our security theatre here in the states.
Seconded! Pretty sure the game feature allows the phone to clock higher for longer. I turned it on today and noticed a ton of beat that I didn't feel yesterday.
I went to an Aikido exhibition when I was about 25 or so.  A young lady, maybe fourteen or so asked if I wanted to try to throw her.  I obliged, noting the soft and springy mats on the floor as I stepped towards her.  I'm still not quite sure what she did to my arm, but when she had my wrist and twisted, it hurt so badly when I tried to resist her that I pretty much had to go with the motion.  This involved me inadvertantly spinning in some crazy flipping motion, just like the guys you see here in this video.  As it turns out, we're pretty much hard wired to avoid pain and will do almost anything to prevent permanent damage to our person, even if that means spiraling or twisting into bizarre shapes and patterns.  I think that if I'd been willing to let her hurt my arm, sure, I probably could have punched her a few times or stomped her foot or something.  For the avergae person, not accustomed to alarming amounts of pain in critical joints of your body?  There's really no contest, they'll go flipping and whirrling around to get the 'Oh crap this is about to break' sensation to stop.  My friends thought it was hysterical that a little girl could throw me all over the place, and really loved that I scurried away from her on my butt.  I'm no dummy though, one time was enough.
Just don't do what this guy did.  I had two beers on my wedding, and still kind of regret that my cheeks are a bit rosey in some of the pics.  I couldn't imagine doing this to my wife, frankly.
Thanks!  I feel like this is stuff I should be able to understand, and will need to understand, so I challenge myself to learn it enough to teach it to others.  I actually learn a lot by presenting info to others, so it's a win-win, I think!
I went, and it was awesome!  Everyone who does powershell is there and being all together in one spot, you can easily find a lot to talk about with anyone you happen to meet.   Some of my friends from here, like Warren (/u/ramblingcookiemonster) were there as well. We had a great time seeing each other, as were a number of people you'd know from Twitter and PowerShell.org.   So, from the people perspective, the crowd is wonderful.   The presentations and sessions were absolutely top notch as well, tons of great material was covers from the 200 to the 400 level. We got a sneak preview of server Nano (a week before Ignite and build) and were shown some secret stuff way to the public at large.   If you like PowerShell enough to post here, the summit should be your choice. After hearing what I heard about Ignite, I'd say it's the best Microsoft related conference (possibly tied with MMS, but only if you do enterprise client management).   Honestly, Warren already gave a better answer than I, but the Powershell summit was fantastic, and I plan to go again next year, for sure!
Hi Tommy! Are you on Twitter? If so, I should totally be following you!   E: nevermind, find and followed you! I remember meeting you at the summit! You did a great job on your write up, by the way.
If I wear a t-shirt, I ask myself if I'm letting myself go!
This monster and mother brains ultimate form gave me existential dread as a child. I couldn't escape the memory of them, their music, and just the sense of otherworldly horror.   Especially the damaged animations for the nightmare fuel enemy.
Thanks for the reply. I was kind of afraid of that, I didn't know the gear headset provided more than just a more comfortable Cardboard experience.
Thanks for saying all of that!  When I met you at the time, I don't know how I failed to put the two together.  You're pretty much the only Tommy I know who does PowerShell too!
Hey, my shoes are 'nu buck leather', while my hair is soul les ginger, I'll have you know!
Awesome! I was really hoping Wed see it on the 3ds too!
Yep, you have to check in the ten people.  Sometimes when I'm busy or in a rush, I'll pull out my 3ds in the morning, check in the ten folks at the plaza gate.  That will let me have room to check in ten more people later.  I then move my 3ds to another corner of the room, like the far corner from where it was, low to the ground or high to ceiling.  The idea is to get it far enough away from where it was that it will be able to see the other APs other than the one it checked before.  Then when I come back for the day, I'll play with my first ten people, then go back to the gate to let the next batch in.
Yep.  The key take away from this post is that if you want a TON of streetpasses, maybe grab a drink or hang out in the lobby of a Hilton hotel.  They offer attwifi in all of their hotels, which means that every wifi access point, often dozens in a building, will be available.    You can connect to each AP once every 6-8 hours for passes, so if you stroll around a hotel, you could easily get dozens in a few minutes.    Aside from places like college campuses, gaming or other enthusiast conventions, gamer concerts, etc, this is easily the highest density of passes I've ever received.
It's one of the options on Googles front page, you can submit an image or a url to an image on the Web.   I personally use tineye, which is a free reverse image service
Police volunteer groups and other first response groups (I'm a member of one, actually) are not distributed handguns. However we still retain the right to carry a handgun, should we choose to.   That being said, we're absolutely forbidden from trying to pose as police, and any shooting especially one with so many people would probably be documented somewhere.
Just a head's up, I was wrong on my figures before so I updated my comment.  The tax rate should have said   &gt;Does it make sense that you pay the same percentage of tax from $55k $75k all the way up to $285k $145k? I think not, especially considering the tremendous gulf of tax shelters available to people on the bottom end of that bracket.
Nice work, Warren.  I've also been afraid of ps1xml files myself.  Since you're bravely forging ahead, could you write a modern example of making modules and how I should be doing it?    Currently, I just put a bunch of ^function ^declarations ^^in ^^a ^^text ^^file ^^^and ^^^save ^^^it ^^^^as ^^^^^.psm1.
I was trying to encourage you to pursue your dreams.  I hope you can do it :()
I do have a family.  When you look at the gradation between the brackets, it seems crazy to me that I would pay only 3% extra from 75k to 226k, thats the whole point I'm trying to convey.
I had a Ford rental last week, and my wife asked me if I was riding a horse when I called her.
No, sorry, it was not my original content :)
I met an interviewer that I found on Monster.com.  Drove an hour in the rain to get to a Panera sandwich shop by the recruiter.  When I was there, he asked me to pay for his food (I said my wallet was in the car), at which point he 'found' his money.  We then sat down and he began to tell me about QuikStar.  After a minute or two, I figured out what this was all about, and stood, saying 'you were very ingeniuine in the listing on the job board.  If you want to hire people for an MLM, just be open about it.  I wasted two hours coming out here tonight, that's not cool.  Merry Christmas' and left to go drive home.
Can we be friends?  I live in Marietta, my wife and I love the Lord of the Rings.  Heck, we have murals in the house of Rivendell and the Argonauths, and our wifi SSID is called 'Hobbiton'.  We even got married to the song 'May it be' from the OST.  I promise we're normal :D
Hey man, it's four months later.  Did you make any progress?  It'd be hella cool for you to pursue your dream of commercial volume sleuthing, and that'd make a great story at any tech or engineering interview.  I'd pretty much hire you on the spot!
I wrote it up, here!  http://foxdeploy.com/2015/05/04/super-fast-walkthrough-running-win10-preview-on-raspberry-pi-2-and-whats-it-like/  TLDR Summary :  &gt;Plug in, connect network and boot.  Done.  It takes forever to boot, like five mins.  You’ll first see a random Blue debugging screen with some clickable elements that don’t actually work.  &gt;Eventually you’ll end up on a page like this, showing you the IP to manage this bad boy.  &gt;Remote PowerShell works, just add the PC to your trustedHosts like using the WSman Cmdlets, and if you’re remoting from Win10, disable the PS ReadLine module (it will cause errors).  For more info, follow the guide here. Remoting performance to the Reaspberry Pi is very, very slow.  VERY slow.  But it’s a work in progress.  You can do it...but Nano is a weird beast.  So far, there doesn't seem to be a way to interact with the MPIO pins from PowerShell.  For that, you have to write a headless c# application.  Once you write it though, you can easily wrap it in a function that takes params and use that to interact with the pins.  In theory.    I've got a blog post cooking with an advanced walkthrough of making a simple C# Raspberry Pi application, then wrapping it in a PowerShell function.  It's on the back burner while I teach a couple of PowerShell classes through the end of summer.
First you get the board...then you need a case.  Then a carrying bag.  Then some extra SD cards.  Before you know it, you're building a Pi Cluster and refusing to go to work, dodging Pi Repotrucks and leaching electricity off of the Waffle House bathroom at 2:00 AM.
Whoa, how does this PushBullet friends thing work?  I can add Pushbullet to my wife's phone and send her stuff from my own phone?
I added a link to my original post.  They got up to 1.5 PETABYTES before drives started failing!      Also, it wasn't Tom's Hardware but [TechReport instead \(link to report\)](http://techreport.com/review/27062/the-ssd-endurance-experiment-only-two-remain-after-1-5pb)
I captured him then immediately lost interest in wow and stopped playing
They're almost always called a field or hunting jacket.  I got a very sharp one for like $40 at JCPenney, of all places
I've worked with semi biggish WordPress instances, and it's easy to have even a team of people, dedicated to approving comments and even posting as other people. He likely has two or three people helping him.
Throwaway and share the details
I live in the suburbs of my town, and felt safe as I gradually dialed up the size of the explosion, using the presets.   I had no idea some of those doomsday weapons existed. Such a horrific yield... I felt a sense of dread seep into my bones...
I live in Georgia, and we get it all the time, too.
I'm sorry if I came across poorly, I was on mobile and really groggy.  The point I was trying to impart is that you don't have to stop at a crappy experience with inept service people.  It should have been immediately apparent with a message like 'it's been a week and you've said nothing, I'll assume you're happy now' that these folks really can't do anything for you.  If you need help finding the right people, let me know.  Something like this issue you're experiencing might be a very big unreported story, and you could help get the word out about it.
My Tiburon overheated constantly, for years, and it was always the hoses or this or that. Finally, I decided to replace the radiator with an all aluminum racing style radiator.   Never an issue again. Very easy install too.
I bought a pair of SuperDry commander blue jeans back on black Friday, they look absolutely gorgeous, but they're tighter than 511s. My knees ache when I wear them, and there isn't enough give for me to kneel.   I felt ecstatic to put on some Levi whatever model from Target, after a day of suffering in my SuperDrys.
I've been a ConfigMgr Consultant for four years now, I've never heard of cleaning up WSUS before.   Do you guys do this? What's the impact of it, and why is it needed? Maybe hardware is so good now that I've not noticed the need to do this before now.
I remember doing this in the quest with Echeyakee the white lion. Always my favorite pet, so I would hide somewhere safe and warg into him then prowl around the area where he spawned. So much fun chasing lowbies around.
Wow, I completely forgot about that place. They wouldn't let me in once because of my shoes!
Ahh, that explains a lot.  I only ever configure updates for the current OS deployed with SCCM, and a subset of Office products, and then only Critical and Security updates, as most clients don't care for the other types of files.  This would explain why I've not been impacted yet.  Thanks!
I'm working on this in powershell, to run natively on Windows systems. Will update here when done
I used to work in a call center for four years! The call software would tell us if you verified with the challenge or not, so we wouldn't have to ask so many questions.   However, when trransfeing from one department to another, that information can become lost, and the same can happen if you go deep into one prompt tree then escape back to the root menu.   I'm super judgmental of the operators when I call into a call center. It's an easy job.
Should have clarified.  We DO have Enterprise Windows, but this still leaves you with the Windows store icon in the task bar and on the Start Screen.  Furthermore, users can click it but get a message that 'this item is blocked by group policy'.    So, to get around this we remove it during imaging.   However, I do have SMB customers and they use MDT to deploy      images...and are totally going to get boned by this GPO Change.
I played Dance Dance Revolution in Japan before it came to the states.   That's all I've got.
This was a really funny joke from Microsoft's part at the MVP Summit last year.  We'd all been really tearing into them for the way Windows 10 updates were being deployed, then in one of the hallways, this sign appeared.    I think it was retweeted into the hundreds of times.
Are Levi's 511's not a thing anymore?  I absolutely LOVEEE mine, but they're listed as discontinued on Amazon now :(  https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00WLLW9IM/ref=oh_aui_search_detailpage?ie=UTF8&amp;psc=1
