Happen to have any VODS of you playing it?  It's fun but it's not working for me when I try it.  Feel like I'm missing some nuances.  (I am bad, that is a large part of why.)
He's still learning to talk so it's a little early for that.  I'm a vegetarian personally but his Mom (who took the photo) and Dad are not.  They do eat vegetarian meals occasionally.    His parents are animal lovers and he has been around animals since he was born.  Multiple pets in the house, Mom took him to the barn to meet her horse, loves looking at my fish tank.  So I doubt he will end up a vegetarian but he will definitely have a healthy respect for animals.    The goats there are basically pet dairy goats.  They aren't being raised for meat.
A second job to pay the bills? Lol.
The Summer Wheat is priced higher than other Yuengling products.  I'm a huge fan of it.
Yeah, I wish the beer prices were lower so I could just get hammered so I wouldn't care. :P
I text them "thx."  It's much less formal than saying the whole word.
You can use just about any marinade you like the taste of.  A balsamic vinaigrette is nice or just something store bought.  There a thousand varieties of BBQ sauce out there.  When I was at the store last week I bought some sort of Sriacha marinade sauce, a sweet Carolina mustard sauce, and some buffalo wing sauce.  Gonna use it all for tofu.     You could probably toss some crispy tofu in with any pasta dishes you do. Sandwiches or tex-mex type things like Burritos are an option too. It's a pretty versatile ingredient,  it may be better to think of any recipes you like and then imagining how you can add in tofu.  It has such a neutral taste on it's own you can do it with a lot of things.
Andy had almost two decades of coaching experience at the time.  Duce has only been a coach since 2011.   Duce has more dues to pay before he is ready.
Y'all should love him forever.  It's very frustrating as an Eagles fan that he and Eli will totally overshadow Reid and McNabb in the eyes of history.
I am ecstatic to see him finally get a sack.
Yeah, the community and the fandom is what makes it fun.  Going to see games in the 700 level at the Vet was quite an adventure as a kid.    I just wish the sport was safer, the CTE stuff is scary as hell.
In the absence of the clear evidence of tampering, like a man who called himself the deflator locking himself in a bathroom with multiple bags of balls after inspection, then the best guess, according to some of the people who looked at the data, would be natural deflation.  But that isn't what happened here.  I'm not the one ignoring evidence, I'm the one looking at the totality of it instead of trying to pick and choose based on what makes a team I like look best, even when the team is arguing absolutely ridiculous excuses like that he was talking about weight loss when he reffered to himself as the deflator.
I'd rather not move to LA.
I just had to upvote a bunch of comments that were at zero for offering support for Mac.  Whoever is downvoting those comments, you are a scumbag.
I root against all NFC East teams.  I root against Andy Reid (Not cause I hate him, just cause it will be very painful if he gets a ring before us.  I love Maclin, and hate that he is injured, but that isn't enough for me to root for KC.) I root against teams that have given the Eagles severe playoff losses in the past. I root against teams that have not won the Bowl before because I don't want us to be the last.  I root for teams that don't run afoul of those conditions and have great storylines and players or coaches that inspire me to want them to win against all odds.  The Tebow Broncos are probably the last team I seriously had a fan boner for besides the Eagles.  I know he sucks, but it was super fun.
You're a cool dude.  I would take a TO bobblehead.
Weird, I didn't find it frustrating at all.  I liked that weekend.  You didn't like that?
&gt;philadelphia athletics...  I have bad news, they moved to Oakland.
Not really.  The position coaches who do make the jump have years and years more experience coaching than he does.   He got the interview because he requested it and Eagles management respects the hell out of him.  They specifically requested Kelly keep him on after Reid was fired.  Plus, Rooney rule, though I think that is being a bit overstated in this case.
I was more worried about his hands than his ankles.
I know, right?  Objectively I understand it's a bad venue for 2016 but if you asked me back in the day if I would rather have the Eagles stay in town but be stuck at the Vet or have them move you bet I wouldn't mind going to the Vet to see them play.  I would profess my undying love for that shitheap.    It's frustrating to me how much fans buy into the "This stadium is crappy!" PR stuff.  The biggest improvement for new stadiums goes to the luxury box and club level fans and the owners.  If you sit in a normal seat, you get very little from the upgrade besides some improved sightlines and shorter bathroom lines. (which you pay dearly for in increased ticket, parking, and concession prices.  Also a PSL if you are a season ticket holder in the lower bowl and even some upper bowl spots.)  Why do people help with the bad stadium hype when the team moving is on the table?  Of course, O. Co is way worse than the St. Louis situation but still.  Why citizens allowed that Atlanta monstrosity go forward is a mystery to me too.  Both of those buildings can reasonably be renovated like the Superdome was, O.Co can't.  O.Co is simply done. Atlanta and St. Louis are just, "This building isn't as ideal as it could be give me free money and I will probably ask again in another 20 years!"  Anyway, I thought Raiders to LA was a done deal so I'm happy you guys at least still have a chance now.
Ahh, the season when no name reporters try to make a name for themselves by making shit up, throwing  that shit at the wall, and hoping it sticks.    I don't mind crazy mega coverage of the Eagles coaching search because I am an insane person who eats up all Eagles news and puts an unhealthy amount of time into my fandom, but try and learn what is reliable and what isn't in that coverage and you will have a much better time.
I'm just bitter about losing my town's good baseball team.  1954 never forget!
Damn, I came out authoritarian.  Kinda true on some issues I guess.  Socialist Authoritarian Total-Isolationist Liberal
I'd second all of what he said.  (besides the second team thing, there can only be one for me. :P )
Yup.  Everything will be about how dumb the fans are even though media experts totally agree with skepticism, no other team expressed any interest and...a lot of fans are also totally okay with the hiring like myself.
haha, you serious?  It was one of the most entertaining NFL storylines of all time.  You missed out.  Your point about no Eagles greats ever making it to retirement is entirely on point though.  Dawkins never should have been allowed to let walk, McCoy too.  A hindsight case might be made that Reid should have stuck with McNabb till the bitter end too, though that is much more shakey.    If I was Lurie I would be really sick of it.  I just simply don't buy jerseys anymore because no great players stick around and when I pay that much I want it to mean something long term.  Not watch that player on another team.
The entire staff of players and coaches and even owners has turned over multiple times during my lifetime.  I'm a fan of the team and sometimes end up a lifetime fan of some of the individuals on it, but the organization itself with a history going back to 1933 is what I root for.  I'll follow the Niners like I do the Chiefs.  Though I root against Reid but will mostly support Kelly.
Thank God, I'm just his secretary.
This author is googling Falafel every day just in case this happens.
Wish he was still on the team, but I wish him luck in film making too.
A teacher told me.  I believed it for years until Reddit.
I have a free spare too, pm me.
I have a free spare too, pm me.
As an independent voter...no.  The problem with Clinton is that I have been following her since 1996 and she has always been on the other side of every political issue I have passionately worked on.  Gay rights, ending the drug war, ending interventionist American foreign policy, ending the two party stranglehold on power...  You nominated someone independents hate, you weren't winning them by demanding the left shut up about her massive flaws and primary cheating.  We all knew that was happening, we didn't need the left to tell us.   You kneecapped the independent candidate in this election, Sanders, so you could run your party hack.  That's when you lost independents.  You don't get to demand we vote for you in the general after you fucked around with the primary.  It's telling us we should never have any voice in politics at all.  Fuck that.
They have accurately determined that America is an oligarchy where voting hardly matters and obsessing over politics is an idiotic and pointless waste of a short life that could be spent on more soul fulfilling pursuits.  Oh wait, I post on r/politics instead of doing the soul fulfilling stuff, I just made myself sad.    http://www.bbc.com/news/blogs-echochambers-27074746  &gt;Multivariate analysis indicates that economic elites and organised groups representing business interests have substantial independent impacts on US government policy, while average citizens and mass-based interest groups have little or no independent influence.
I think Wentz really developed his pocket awareness as the year went on.  At first he was getting caught flat footed in the pocket and taking bad sacks or doing risky scrambles.  Towards the end of the year he was not taking bad sacks and some of his scrambles were like classic Vick or McNabb.  The game slowed down for him big time as he got more reps.  So glad he got the chance to start this year and stayed healthy, though it would have been very interesting to see the alternate reality Bradford led version of this team.
That's why I've always wanted him to get into coaching and come work here again.  This organization owes him a ring.
I've never been this infatuated with any Eagles player before.  He is going to have so much success, I can't fucking wait for next year.
&gt;"We believe the suspects were actually just angry about an episode of Celebrity Apprentice"  lol.  I don't have anything to add I just think that was so funny that just an upvote wasn't enough.
I'm a middle class Irish American guy and I was pulled over for drunk driving once and arrested once.  Maybe I was just too tan that night.
I dunno, I felt some heat.  There were a lot more Dallas fans than usual because the game didn't matter and people sold tickets.  I heard quite a few Dallas sucks chants going on and other stuff to shout down Dallas fan attempts to get loud.    Really though, it was just a really unexpectedly nice weather day (why Wentz didn't want his butt heated) and the team played well so people were mostly just going with the flow.
[He lost his shit in the tunnel after the loss to the Eagles too.](http://nesn.com/2016/12/odell-beckham-was-growling-to-himself-during-meltdown-after-giants-loss-to-eagles/) I don't know if I should be admiring his passion or worrying he might need anger management treatment.  But it's good he has learned not to lose his temper on the field.  He's a fucking amazing player.  As much as I hate the  Giants, I am still kind of sad he had to go through this.  Giants fans, I hope you appreciate how much this guy wants to win for you.
Nah.  There is a seriously good case it was a mutually beneficial parting.  The team had been in a tailspin.  The guy lost his son at a team training camp facility and his other son had severe drug related legal issues here in town as well.  He made the insane decision to produce the Castillo/Washburn defensive shitstorm.    It wasn't working for the team anymore, it wasn't working for his family to be here.  All concerned have done better with moving on.  Now, that doesn't mean he is a bad coach.  He is an undeniably great coach who is extremely worthy of a ring.  When I say I don't want him to get it, it's pure jealousy.  But I'm more honest about that stuff than most people are.
If it comes down to the King of the Hill Bowl against Dallas, you know which side I'm on. :)  Aside from the would be jealous if you win a ring first thing, I have no hate for the Texans organization.
The country did not fully understand they were being manipulated in the run up to Iraq.  That's why it wasn't, you know, stopped.  Of course, I knew it because the reporting was all unconfirmable and ridiculous BS and opposed the war.  But don't listen to me. I'm a crazy guy who does explanation points like this!111!!!
The major players in the IC seem to be people like Clapper, who has been caught red handed lying to Congress.  And Comey, who it seems like half the country believes intentionally swung the election to Trump. The IC failures that led up to 9/11 and Iraq still weigh heavily in my mind.  All I can say is I've been paying attention to politics since 1996.   Our foriegn policy has been a disaster for as long as I have been watching it.  I've never seen any serious reason to put trust in what this community tells me across administrations.  I believe when they give me independently confirmable evidence, not before.
Born in 1982, that's just when I was old enough to start caring about politics.  Historically, there is even more untrustworthy shit.
look at me.    r/eagles is birds 24/7 now.  Seriously, there is no better one stop shop for Eagles news in this city anymore.  If ESPN was smart, they would start sniping community managers from the mod staff here just like they sniped reporters from B 24/7.  Best in the business.
Well, if it makes you feel any better from a karma perspective, it was this game:  &gt;PHILADELPHIA -- Philip Rivers threw three touchdown passes to Eddie Royal, and Nick Novak kicked a 46-yard field goal with 7 seconds left to lead the San Diego Chargers past the Philadelphia Eagles 33-30 on Sunday, spoiling Chip Kelly's home debut.  &gt;Michael Vick threw for a career-best 428 yards and two touchdowns and ran for a score. But a porous Eagles defense couldn't stop Rivers all day.  http://www.nfl.com/gamecenter/2013091508/2013/REG2/chargers@eagles#menu=gameinfo%7CcontentId%3A0ap2000000246405&amp;tab=recap  Personally, I don't buy the sportsmanship argument with helping players from the other team up.  It's a physical game, every bit of energy you save and they expend can add up in a game of inches.  Also, Fletcher Cox is the man.
