My story is fairly long.  My first few businesses didn't have any employees although I did have partners.  I've funded companies a variety of ways, including Kickstarter and out of my own pocket.
Dunno but I tell my kids to start businesses and not go to college unless they want to be a doctor.
It's not crazy to regroup, recapitalize and rethink about your next thing.  Having a 9 to 5 job for me is like a stress relief potion compared to running a company.  Last time I worked for anyone else was June 2008 and I doubt I'll do it again, but before that I was on/off for 15 years...
Not a helluva lot.  I just sold my 2009 C6 with 56k miles and it was pretty much perfect.  Seat wear was the biggest issue really.
I have some pretty decent image stabilized binocs I can use.  I was more thinking a drone but it might be too far.
When I was 21 I bought myself a brand new Mustang Cobra.  The car wasn't unaffordable to me but I leased the damn thing because I didn't know what I was doing.  Definitely took a bath on that one and learned my lesson.    Today, many years later, I'm on my 4th Corvette (currently a 2015 z06).
I ask people about that kind of stuff in interviews.
Honestly I'm interested in talking about this stuff from a more middle of the road point of view.  I would support something like a basic income but you are just so far out there that I don't think we have much in common to talk about.
Same goes with game devs.  Technically we are competing, but in reality we all hang out and help each other out as much as possible.
Me.  At last count 8 engines from scratch and 30+ games shipped on them.
Yup, because I've lived it.
I was working and doing things in the same era and it wasn't obvious to me.  Having vision about what's coming and having that vision turn out is a powerful thing.  There are things happening today that are going to be huge, do you know what they are? Are you working on taking advantage of them?  In other words the timing doesn't just come from luck, it comes from vision and experience.  There is always something hot in the world to get involved with, you just need to go and find it.
You will love it.  I had a blast driving mine as a daily for five years.
Haven't pulled the trigger yet.
Personally I think your wife shows traits of being OCD.  Perhaps a bit of counseling would work best here.  A neutral party to help you guys manage each others expectations.  If she doesn't understand that her requests are outside of normality this could help with that, which could help her compromise.
That makes sense.  Man I loved those fox bodies, that was my dream car as a kid.  Eventually I did get a mustang, but not until the schwarzenegger body style...
I must admit that I moved aggressively to buy a new place once I was in a position to do so.    We need better zoning and more density in Seattle YESTERDAY so that the price of housing can come down.
Not only that but plenty of companies could be completely moved offshore if it came down to it.  I would certainly consider moving to Canada if the government decided to confiscate this much property.
I'm jealous of people that had better off parents as well.  I think I would be a lot further along if I could have a "small" million dollar loan ;)
I never went to college, I was too busy trying to do stuff.  I think that part helped me because I have an additional 4 years of experience.  Personally I think college is overrated unless you are already rich.
I fully believe that real AI is possible, after all we are proof of it.  However, if you think you can simply create an intelligent race of slaves I think you're gonna have a bad time.  There are so many issues around AI that we haven't even begun to tackle that right now it is magic.  As an expert when it comes to comp-sci I think a lot of people are drinking a lot of kool-aid right now.
&gt;your making one big assumption with your argument that is that the new work that people will create won't be able to be automated as well.  No.  You are making the crazy claim that some technology (which has not been invented yet) is going to make all future jobs obsolete.  That's utterly ridiculous.  It also completely ignores human nature.  &gt;Furthermore, you could read Manna by Marshall Brain  I've read Manna multiple times and have conversed with Marshall about it.  I also believe in technology being a technologist.  I'm not disagreeing with people that we are going to have great technology.  I'm disagreeing with the asinine idea that "this time it's different" and somehow human ingenuity will be derailed.  In the world where robots make everything for free what's the value of an object hand crafted by a human?  Start thinking outside the box a bit.  I think the future looks a lot more like the Australian project than it does everyone living in a small room in giant prison dorms.  Read manna again, basic income is the dystopian outcome in that story.
If you want to change the world my opinion is that you should leave Australia and go where the action is for your particular interests.  I'm Canadian but immigrated to the US when I was 21.  I know a ton of expats from Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the UK that came here to try and do big things.
That's fine!  I know plenty of people that are happy to just live a nice life.  I've always been insanely ambitious and doing a million things at once.  I've started 4 companies in 8 years, 3 of which are still going strong.  I'm trying to be involved with anything involving AR/VR, big data/ai, iot etc.
I typically stay at the Chateau when I visit Ottawa.  It's a really great central location.  The hotel is a bit dated but still decent for a quick visit.
I don't think you are really the problem though, even cashflowing some stuff puts you ahead of a lot of people.  Personally I've always worked hard on making the shovel bigger and not sweated the small stuff.
Instead of frugality I think about it more as being financially disciplined.  I consider myself disciplined but I am definitely not frugal (e.g. I drive nice cars, live in nice places etc) but I am still hardcore disciplined about FI.
&gt;Frugality is about getting the best price for something you value.  Ok, then I would consider myself frugal under that definition.
Pretty cool stuff.  The earliest headset I used was the predecessor to this where Valve used fiducial markers on the wall.  I saw that summer of 2014 at Valve.  We started Envelop right after seeing that demo.
You wish.  Having lived in both countries, and had immediate relatives working in hospitals your idea here is naive at best.
I used to help my grandmother with the laundry back in the day.  She has a SEMI AUTOMATIC washing machine that my gramps bought her in like 1970 or something.  It was pretty much the old school version of this: http://www.whirlpoolindia.com/washing-machines/semi-automatic
We pay $2k a month for our health insurance (the employee pays zero btw) and that's simply reality.  The prices are outta control.
Yeah, I don't know how they live in such tiny houses.  When we lived in 3k sq ft we could barely fit all of our shit.
I was being a bit sarcastic ;)   I've certainly lived in much smaller houses than I do now.  That's part of what drove me to work so hard, I didn't like it.  I do think 1200sq ft would liveable for us, we would just have to get rid of a bunch of stuff.  More to the point I don't want to live too close to other people...
There were plenty of cars that could go over 100k miles in the 70's.  For example my dads 1974 AMC Ambassador that we drove for 13 years.  Anyway my point wasn't about that, I was being sarcastic because he  was painting the 70's as some kind of golden age, which is a crock of shit.  I know, I was there.
Yup, that's where I got one, although not this updated.  I also got a t-shirt.
You open your door for people at 1am?
&gt;I know my experience and my kids lack empirical proof, but personally its the strongest proof for me.  I get that, I was just hoping for a more general good argument.   &gt;Also you may look at the reasoning as strained, but every other hypothesis for the creation of the universe, or life is just as strained.   The origin of life is in my mind fairly simple and straightforward.  But I've done fairly extensive study of abiogenesis and evolution.  The origin of the universe is a mystery.  Adding a creator into that mix simply makes the mystery even more complex.  It certainly doesn't explain anything about the origin given that we now have to figure out the origin of the creator.  &gt; They have a few pieces of data that they wring every bit of meaning from and stretch them as far as they can to make headlines, or journal headlines at least.  Ok?  Just because nobody knows the answer doesn't mean god is a good explanation.   It's actually a worse explanation than saying we don't know.  Keep in mind I'm not even talking about the big bang, that's just physics.  The real question is where did the universe come from and just saying "god did it" doesn't actually change anything.  &gt;I would trust them more if they would say we measured this and we think it means this, but it could also mean this, or this, or this,   There is nothing to trust, you can go look at the science yourself.  We don't have a theory of where the universe came from at this point.  Perhaps this is why you are confused about it.  Adding god into the mix does nothing to solve this issue though.
I'll tell you what I wish, I wish that we hadn't used so many tools in our latest company.  Winding down the use of them is even more painful.  KISS.
&gt;I'm not sure if you realize this but not everyone has money shooting out of their ass to pay for something like this.   Sure, but he stated he makes a lot more than her.  So even if she made almost nothing a lot more means they probably have some money.  Bringing in some help every couple of weeks to get the place in shape would make a huge difference.  It seems like the stakes here are the relationship itself, is it not worth a few bucks?  &gt;Also a spouse that is unorganized has more problems than just the visual of dirty dishes, clothes everywhere.   Some people are just slobs.  There are ways to mitigate this like getting help.  If it's "you must not be a slob or we can't be together" then they should just break up, because peoples habits like this tend to be hard to change.  However, if they can use some help to get the place cleaned up she may realize she likes living in a clean house.  &gt;Marriage isn't just about sharing a house and banging a lot. It is so much more, you should help each other be better than you already are. Especially if you want to have kids together.  Sure but you are just completely ignoring that I *am* suggesting a strategy to help them get better.  Literally, bring in someone to make the house clean and fix the issue.   Go from there.  That's a strategy.
You are simply misinformed about where the danger lies then.  Hitler didn't take over Mercedes Benz, he took over the reigns of power.  &gt;I find your example of "praying to the great leader" to be outlandish and quite difficult to imagine. That is not an example of something that I am concerned would happen, in any country that I have lived in.  Maybe you have lived in capitalist democracies then?  Because I assure you there are plenty of people scared of offending their local great leader in the world.
Sure, but manufactured homes are still basically similar, just built in a factory.  My main point is that innovation in building techniques is stifled by "the system" as it's currently setup.  For example try getting a construction loan for non-traditional construction.  Hell just financing raw land can be challenging let alone asking a bank to fund something they don't understand.
Nothing more, or that's part of their makeup?  Cause I know an awful lot of women and almost universally they want babies.
&gt;So it's only in their self interest if YOU agree that it's in their interests.  To a great extent yes if you are on the pro freedom side that is the thinking.  If you just let people put whatever they want to a vote of the majority you will end up with an all kinds of crazy shit.  The whole idea of a constitution is to protect the majority from themselves by putting some hardcore rules in place about what the mob can vote for.  I personally don't trust joe average not to vote for stupid shit.  See current election for evidence.  &gt;Do you REALLY not see why I find this entire argument wholly hypocritical?  No I get it.  However, there is subtlety here and I do think it's a bit more complex that that.  You are boiling it down to "if you believe in freedom to let people do what they want that also means you should support them voting for stuff" and that does sound hypocritical.  However, I don't think support of democracy is implied in libertarian thought at all.  It's more about restricting government power that stops individuals from pursuing their own goals, not about empowering the public to force everyone else to follow their goals.  Anyway I do get your view on this.
&gt;Except then the problem gets even murkier.   Sure does.  I don't think the answers here are simple.  You can see a lot of different thoughts even within the libertarian circle.  Personally I think we need a strong framework within which people can make their own calls.  The framework is there to protect us from each other, not to protect people from their own dumb decisions.  &gt; Unless we're talking about one of the fringe anarcho-_____ist variations, a government needs some sort of leader(s) at the top. For international relations, war-related decisions, and probably law enforcement, if nothing else. And if democratic processes aren't trusted, then we end up with an unelected bunch of autocrats telling the people how free they are.  I happen to agree with you.  At best I'm a small l libertarian.  Furthermore I think Heinlein would have agreed as well...  &gt;And if democratic processes aren't trusted, then we end up with an unelected bunch of autocrats telling the people how free they are.  I fundamentally don't trust democratic processes personally.  That's why we try to put them in a box by having an unbreakable, or extremely hard to change framework like the constitution.  In practice it probably hasn't been strong enough.  &gt;(Free as long as they don't try to change things above their station, anyway.)  And free to leave I suppose.  Regardless true freedom is just as much as fantasyland as true socialism or true any -ism.  &gt;The one question this style of libertarian government can never answer is "Who watches the watchmen?"  Hence the separation of powers.  An important concept methinks.  &gt;At the end of the day, arguments along these lines almost always end up in a form of Nietzscheanism with a handful of self-appointed supermen -like Prof de la Paz- declaring themselves to be the only people who can be trusted to make the Big Decisions.  Hopefully they end more with some kind of constitutional republic that can run for a couple of centuries before the machine gets too gummed up.  Then you have to reboot it ;)  &gt;So instead of a large group of people forcing everyone else to follow their goals, it just becomes a small group of people forcing everyone else to follow their goals. Meet the new boss . . .  Basically the human condition and civilization in a nutshell.
If I was him I would offer to pay to help get it cleaned up.  It helps her.  It helps him.  Win/win.  Welcome to city living.  It's why I live out in the boonies of the east side.
&gt;That doesn't make any sense. I said every benefit that "you get as a citizen". As in benefits provided by the government.  One of the benefits I get as a citizen is the ability to make a deal with someone else.  It's not the government supplying that.  &gt;Just for fun, let's rattle off a few more.   Why bother?  &gt; And even if you personally don't directly benefit from all of them, that doesn't mean they aren't worthwhile.  In my opinion many of them are not worthwhile for anyone.  &gt;It's interesting between your situation and mine. I used to think like you when I was in high school and college. Then, with every year that has passed, and as my paychecks get bigger and bigger (and therefore my tax burden), I can't help but wonder more and more how on earth we continue to live with historically low taxes instead of instituting stuff like universal healthcare.  Odd because I don't feel like the taxes are all that low.  The more I pay the more I question what the hell they are doing with all of that money.  I could easily purchase all of the services for less than what I pay in taxes in the private sector if the government would get the hell out of the way.
I lol'd and I wear a YG YM2.
While I love Terry this isn't always true.  Let me give you an example.  A lot of people convince themselves they need a new car.  Then they decide they need some kind of electric or hybrid because "it will be cheaper to run" or some other excuse.  However, when you do the math the cheapest way to have a car is to buy beaters and run them into the ground.   With cars buying an expensive top quality brand isn't going to save you money.  This applies to a lot of things.  Yes a rolex is a super nice watch that will last forever, but they charge you for it!    I'm a complete hypocrite when it comes to this stuff btw.
Ok, let's use 20k then.  Whatever number you use it's going to be cheaper to drive used beaters.  Why would anyone who is trying to be frugal spend $20k on a car?  &gt;but you also lose time when you're forced to take it into a repair shop every other week.  Modern cars simply aren't that unreliable.  Even new cars need regular maintenance.  To me it sounds like making excuses to spend money because you want something nicer than a beater.  Trust me, I get that, I drive a very expensive car, but admit that it's a splurge not a necessity.  I could easily get away with driving the beater if I had to (and it would save a ton of cash).  The beaters are what the teenagers drive btw, so I do have experience with it both ways.  The beaters are far far cheaper.
