The only thing that bothers me about the dub is some of the translations. They butchered my favorite line, right when I had finally gotten used to the English voices and was anticipating hearing it delivered. But whatever, life goes on, the dub is still pretty good.
Oh, well I'm not a huge anime fan, so I wouldn't be able to say exactly what distinguishes him from other characters in other franchises. Maybe that he's a badass midget (?). I'll allow someone else to help you out on this.
I felt similar at first but I got used to it. It's a really good dub. Regarding the roars, that bugs me a bit too, but they're just emphasizing the Titan's craziness over its anger. It isn't wrong per se.   Without having heard the Japanese version before she shouldn't find anything weird. My gripe is really with the translations they chose.
I watched the first few but I'm waiting for my friend to keep going.
The ones I remember are from Episode 6. Some of her flashback lines, as well as her thoughts when she's facing death. In the English dub, she's speaking to Eren in her mind [Anime Spoilers](/m "and says "If I die, my memories of you die with me", which I find too ambiguous. It's still early in the series and she isn't fully characterized yet" ). That's why I prefer the Japanese dub's [Anime Spoilers](/m ""If I die, I won't be able to think about you anymore"" ), which I find conveys her ~~obsession~~ feelings for Eren much better  Maybe I'm grasping at straws here, but she's my favorite character and that bugs me a bit.
Thank you!  This is actually a hard question to answer lol. A bit, I guess. Enough to be able to make educated guesses. It seems like the whole truth will be out in the next few months though. Also, I forgot to mention but it is heavily (really heavily) implied that Monkey Troubles turned Connie's village's inhabitants into the Titans that attacked
Indeed. That's too bad. I've been streaming it off some weird website haha
yes lol. Been a long day
I have to admit that's what I thought of when I read the newest chapter lol.
At the same time, if this movie flops, that won't bode well for a possible Western adaptation, so I guess I'll give it a go. I'll bring in a big bag to puke in
I'm neither an apologist nor do I call people Islamophobes for disliking that religion. I just dislike it when people claim that western religions are somehow inherently better because our people have mostly securitized in the last few hundred years. All of those religions are bad.
Seems a little out there but I'll give it a look. My personal view of the universe is fundamentally different, since Emergence is to me the unifying principle, and it require differing levels to begin with, though I may just be misunderstanding what you said
I see. I guess I will have to look up the original ending on youtube. In that sense I was lucky to be nearly a decade late in joining the Mass Effect community.  I believe what you say, but why is this still an issue after the fix? People in the recent Andromeda discussions are still naming this as one of their major complaints.  Edit: Saw original ending, indeed I would have been disappointed.
Whether or not the Catalyst is a good twist is something I'll leave to each to decide. I personally find it amazing, because it challenged me as I tried to figure out which was the best solution and whether the AI was trustworthy. Much better than a straight up "destroy is the clear solution". But that's my opinion.  I saw the reddit thread for the EC release and most of the top comments at the time seemed to have found closure with it. That sentiment seems to have been reversed since. The youtube comments are ridiculous though, people claiming to be unable to play XBOX or to never want to buy Bioware ever again.  Your way of putting it with the wound and bandage is probably the answer. Seeing the crappy ending with the crew in the jungle at first must have been a major pain and the EC must've come a bit too late. I, however, having only ever seen the pretty bandage and never felt the pain of the wound, I don't mind.
Hey! I recently finished the trilogy for the 1st time too and I'm pretty much the same way. I played them in order, but like you I was a Sentinel. I was a male that had Liara as a main romance. I didn't have the happy ending mod though, so I had feelings of guilt over sacrificing my Shepard knowing that meant letting Liara live for 900 more years alone. I, like you, feel a little empty after such a great ride with great characters.  I'd be happy to compare my EC ending feelings to your happy one if you're interested. I have to try that mod soon.
I never usually pre order for myself, though I sometimes will as a gift to others. I don't know if I'll be able to resist buying Andromeda right away though, even though I'm scared of finding an incomplete product. I'm also interested in trying some mods out for a happy ending, Liara deserved better than what she got from my storyline :(
I've never played Dragon Age, so I can't really relate. I guess we'll have to agree to disagree then on the ending. It seems natural if you didn't get to see the EC on our first playthrough and I did that we would have different feelings.
Thanks for the advice! I know you probably can't link on here, but do you mind me asking if you know what reputable website I could get those from? I don't want to accidentally expose my computer to malware or something by using a bad source. Steam workshop has made mod acquisition too easy for me I'm afraid haha.  Also do you know if it's compatible with a pre Cerberus Base assault save, or do I have to start a new game for JAM to work. I don't see myself being able to do a new playthrough any time soon given my attachment to my Shepard's story
It's true that she feels a little underutilized in the base games, because she's a pretty interesting character. the Omega DLC kinda fixed that even though it was a little short.   Looking back, I kinda wish she had been a potential squadmate in ME3. The extra slot would have been filled by Samara if paragon and by Aria if renegade or if Samara is dead. It makes sense to me because they are a bit of a mirror image of each other, and also because Aria sitting in Purgatory doing nothing seems completely out of character, since she knows what a threat the Reapers are and that she would get the opportunity to weaken Cerberus by joining Shepard. Extra bonuses from that would be to get to see her point of view of all the different situations Shepard finds himself in, a possible romance with Shepard and possible confirmation of her being Aleena by Wrex. Seeing them reunited would be a great scene.
I want to buy an N7 hoodie or something but they seem prohibitively expensive on the Bioware store. Anyone know why?
N7 2K16 here I come
I did like 5 lol. Chakwas always lives no matter how long you wait.
Exactly. My [sense of wonder](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sense_of_wonder) regarding the Universe has been reignited very recently thanks to Mass Effect, and I have to frequently remind myself that the grandiose travels and setpieces present in that franchise are fiction and probably completely impossible. Seeing a piece of information like this, which makes something as crazy as a Galactic civilization seem petty and unremarkable, is both incredibly sobering and intoxicating.
Asari for several reasons.   - I would be able to start a family with one for starts. The very idea of having a child of another species is insane. Also, while they are not all attractive, many are, and they dig aliens, so I'd be in a good spot.  - Their values are the closest to mine. Turians are way too militaristic for my taste, and while I'm fond of science like Salarians, their moral values and culture is too drastically different. The Asari themselves are no slouches when it comes to science, and they seem to have a great culture.  - They are the most human-like in appearance, other than the quarians. Easier to integrate into.  - Thessia looks beautiful.
Try lowering your graphic settings. I ran into a similar problem with ME3 and had to contend with half the characters always shaded like they were in the dark.
I started multiplayer last week and never had to wait for games
A feeling I completely relate to. One of my major goals in life is to die elsewhere than on Earth. The further, the better. Humanity must stop living and dying in its crib, it's time to venture outward
Yes, it's the same situation for me. I think it's because Mass Effect is in a really solid position between hard sci-fi and space opera, so that it could both appeal to the scientist in me and to my emotions at once. It's got me lurking r/space more than ever. No other game could do that. I'll wait for results before celebrating, but I really think it may have salvaged my academic career haha.
Really? I loved Afterlife and Dark Star's tracks personally. Upper Afterlife especially, it evokes a feeling I can't even describe. Like awe at the fact that I'm in a nightclub on an asteroid in a star cluster pretty much diametrically opposed from Earth in the Milky Way, listening to a millennium old monogendered purple alien crime lord speak about herself.  That's what comes out when I try to describe it. I guess that moment, with that music, was one of the moments in Mass Effect that struck me as "This is sci-fi; crazy but not completely impossible".
Agree. I usually hate DLC but with Mass Effect it's the opposite. I dropped so much money on them but I give no fucks, it was all worth it (except Overlord, that one was a bit meh)
I understand your feelings about it, but on the other hand it would be way too unrealistic to be able to romance Liara with the little amount of narrative left at the point you were at. Liara's an innocent maiden in ME1, she's not gonna go for the romance without some meaningful interaction with you.  I romanced Liara too on my playthrough, it was great. You won't regret the hassle of having to reload.
True but I didn't have any DLC for my first playthrough so neither him nor Kasymi were part of the crew.
I've yet to have Kaidan survive Virmire since I'm new to Mass Effect, but what you say sounds fun enough that I'll try it in my next playthrough haha
My favorite are the Asari for several reasons.   - Liara is my favorite character, just squeaking ahead of Garrus and Tali.  - Their reproduction system and its implications in a multi-species galaxy, combined with their longevity, is fascinating to me.  - They are the dominant species, trying to always be the voice of reason and they are involved everywhere, yet in ME3 they suffer a slight fall from grace and that struck me as a good twist.  - Thessia. Have you seen that planet? Holy shit.  - I'm a heterosexual male.  I think it also helped that they had a variety of facial structures in the character models, second only to humans. The Turians for example were far more generic.  Least favorite: Salarians. Seriously screw those guys. They dropped the ball big time in ME3. Plus we don't get to meet enough of them to make them dear to me.
I personally found it to be perfectly fine throughout.
Unless it's a CDPR game. The fact that there are thank you notes forged from their blood, sweat and tears in their games has convinced me to pre-order anything they create. Twice.
Pray tell, what is stealing?   I know this is an absolutely insane idea, but hear me out. This is how you watch GoT in a month: you wait till the season is over, when all episodes are available at once, and watch it then. If you want to follow the show as it is released, you can wait to watch the first couple episodes and then just pay 30 dollars for 2 months. Or 3 dollars per episode, to watch them any time after they air during those 2 months without commercials.  Yes, I'm a child for believing that you should pay for the entertainment you consume. Unlike you, I don't have the maturity to feel entitled to anything I want.
Haha glad I could help. The DLCs are a ton of fun.
You guys just had sleep paralysis, which, like many conditions, you can be genetically predisposed to.
We were just their sub, they were a little preoccupied.
I do not study philosophy.  Your loved ones are free to join you if they wish. If they don't then yes, you have to choose between freedom from society or your family. Many choices have negative consequences no matter you choose. That's the reality of a non ideal world.  I fail to see how this somehow makes it a non voluntary choice. Several people have chosen, voluntarily, to withdraw from society. Everyone is free to do so. I could today if I payed off what little debt I voluntarily put myself in. But because society provides so many benefits, most do not.  And I don't see how it's very debatable. We are not at a point where society is self sustaining to the point that it can continue to provide benefits without input from its citizens. The contract is necessary to sustain society.  If you don't believe the contract is valid, do you think people should be able to withdraw from their obligations at will while still benefiting from society? Do you think taxes should be optional? Or do you think that they are justified by something else than the social contract? If not, do you really think society would stay functional?  I am no philosopher, I'm an engineer. But I don't see what there is to debate, other than the details of the contract. Until people are threatened with violence for withdrawing, or until automation is so advanced that scarcity is no longer an issue, I don't see the social contract as void.
I was a Niceguy till the summer between freshman and sophomore year of college. That's when I got majorly depressed and I had plenty of time for both thinking and self-pity. As horrible as it was it made me grow the fuck up.
I use the friendly UI mod and i'm pretty sure it allows you to pause mid conversation to turn subtitles on
My PS3 had dynamic backgrounds too.
I did realize that he was a troll at this point.. But just because of that doesn't mean I didn't enjoy making fun of him, so I kept going.
I love Inquisition. It gets too much shit.
I just finished HOS after finishing the main story, and it feels out of place to me. I'd recommend doing it as soon as you are near the appropriate level.
I was under the impression that she was older than that. My bad.
Not easy to ignore extreme Christians in some parts of Africa if you're gay.  And anyway, that's completely irrelevant to what I said.
Same to me. Not sure why this is post worthy.  Edit: Nevermind, the dude he kills ends up flying away, dunno how I didn't see it at all the first few times.
