Same. Video game violence not so much, but definitely needed over on /r/gifs where female nudity etc is abundent.
But I'm American. Jeans and polos are my heritage.
IDK - I seriously doubt matchmaking takes AI games into account?     Matchmaking is definitely a tough thing for all games -- especially free ones such as HOTS and LoL where someone can 'smurf' and wreck others. But as just a few week old player myself, I haven't found QM that bad at all.   I'm thinking it's a combination of extremely bad luck + you aren't any good. Just keep in mind it's all about map awareness and rotating as a team to objectives. If you're losing early game it generally doesn't even matter at this level -- stick together as a team and wreck them.
Im off for the night but am generally on Tues, Wed and Thurs from 5-10 PST or so. Play with another friend generally. Send me a PM if you want to play tomorrow or so.
In my old place I had one of those generic plastic cabinets for $50-70: http://www.busybeaver.com/images/subdepartments/550x550/Tall-Cabinet-SB.jpg   Could fit my empty kegs on the bottom, two carboys laying on a shelf, hoses etc up top.   Now I just have all of my brewing stuff in the garage, and my carboys get stored in a closet. Have thought about getting another one of those though to keep it more organized. Plus once I left my racking hose in the garage and found spiders in it &gt;&lt;. Whatever -- nothing star san can't fix right?
Went there last month after Punchbowl Falls. Pretty nice place!
Hah! That's a nice fantasy, comrade. In my situation unfortunately my glorious pond would be filled with stuff like this: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/spanish-man-dies-drinking-detergent-served-wine-article-1.2260890 from one of those cafes.
Good advice, really the only thing to do is be vigilant. Whenever I've been searching for an apartment/house.. hell anything I want to buy on Craiglist, you just have to search as often as you can and call immediately if you find something you like. I'd search in the morning when drinking my coffee at work, again near lunch, and again at night. I got my current townhouse by calling and scheduling an appointment right away. There were 17 people that called after me, that day alone.
Worth a shot giving the police her number. I once had a really sketchy hit and run case, where someone backed into my parked car and totally destroyed it (how is that even possible?). Guy left his name and number, but when I called he wouldnt give me any insurance info etc. I gave it to the police and he quickly confessed. Turns out it was a teen driving his Dad's truck and daddy was dishonest and told him not to talk to me.
I didnt know your mum had a mic
Portland OR? When/where do you guys meet? I'm out of Tualatin. I did one here on the west side last summer and it was way too much bubblegum beer for me.. kinda scared of more clubs now &gt;&lt;
Soft water is a great thing to have. I live in Portland OR and have extremely soft water too. General rule of thumb is for lighter beers you'll need to add some acid to bring the pH down. In heavy roast beers you'll possibly need to add some bicarbonate (baking soda is easy) to bump the pH up a bit. Beyond that there's some personal preference; add sulfate for IPAs and chloride for maltier beers.   Strongly advise you not to add things willy-nilly though unless it's just basic things like http://www.homebrewtalk.com/showthread.php?t=198460 (assuming youre doing all grain). If you dont have a good water profile and brunwater or other calculator you can do more harm than good.
I got a Fit to fit my Great Dane. I'm still unsure how magnets work, but I believe so.
Just wanting everyone to know the 'burbs out here are pretty good. Last month when it was flooding I opened my arms to beckon yonder, with a warm and dry embrace. Now I once again extend my hospitality of ice-free embrace. We can all drive merily and make fun of bicyclists together.
I wear my studded shoes all winter so that I don't have to worry about chaining up on days like this.
Roads are looking pretty good now... think I might go to work.
Already had a french press this morning... kinda coffee'd out. Also, mayhaps I'm in the wrong thread, but I don't like hot cocoa &gt;&lt;
First time eh? It's beautiful like the valley here and they have 100 different kinds of pork cuts and brats. fuckin BRATS bro.
Is it still bad out there near you? I went out at 7 and it was iced hell outside, couldn't even walk on my lawn without slipping. Tried again at 11 and it was perfectly fine (just slush) and came in to work. Our parking lot etc here doesnt even have remnants of ice now at 2:40.
I'm eternally in serious need of good side-recipe ideas. I get bored of misc sauteed veggies and the wife has a wheat allergy (basically means gluten free) so pasta sides etc are out. Prefer to do something healthier than just taters or rice too. Would love some good ideas. Basically... what can I do to spruce up some veg?
Was where I am at least. Everything is melted, barely any slush left on my lawn. Cars were clean. Roads are perfectly fine.
Yeah, my KS black box cost about everything spare I had.
I vacuum my living room a couple times a week now, with a more thorough deep clean more sporadically. It takes like 2 mins to do a quick runover. I'm not sure if it's more about the hair or him dropping treat particles all over my carpet.
Mine's barely a step up from yours. In the garage next to my homebrew setup. I have a folding patio set next to the garage door.. but it's also next to the kegerator ;)
What's your number? I'll send you some smile-selfies.
Wow. I just got a Dane about a month ago (11mo now) and he was 110 at 10mos, cant imagine 140 at 7! Granted his previous owners seemed to be underfeeding him, and poor food.
Honestly most pubs make a pretty decent tot. A lot of people like to piss on McMenamins, but happy hour beer and cajun tots? Don't mind if I do!   Tilt has these jalapeno 'tots' that are downright amazing. Definitely you need to go try them. Theyre more of a potato cake or something than a tot I feel, so be aware of that.   I used to work in Canby and there's a sportsbar there called The Backstop who makes a mean tot and club sammich, along with having a good beer selection. Not many places these days have a good club sandwich/tot combo, so that place still holds a sweet spot in my memories. Baked sandwiches + tots is just too much, when I go for tots I need something a little less greasy for the side course, melts are just too much.
I've heard great things of Modern Times, never had the chance to try one though. Wish they distributed outside of Cali.
I have three bruises toenails from my Great Dane stepping on my foot.
I seem to do just OK with the phlog. http://i.imgur.com/2oOa88z.jpg
I went from 3v eHERMS back to BIAB. Love it. Only con is a lack of bling.
Sometimes when I play Sniper I taunt after every kill just to be an asshole.
Forest Park / Washington Park aren't far drives from Beaverton at all. Also can check out the Tualatin Wildlife Preserve, it's just a casual stroll though.
I've never had anything but Perlicks, what's it like usign the cheap ones? I admit to being less than stellar about cleaning my taps.
And since this is Portland, Pizzicato has the best gluten-free (My wife has wheat allergy rip snoopwire getting tasty pizza) I've found. It's like fuckin' $30 for a pie though.
Peanut butter sandwiches (no jelly) goes great with coffee. When I used to be more active I did a cup of cottage cheese for the proteins. Kept me surprisingly full. Various oatmeals are always great.
Tell me about it. I got a sampler of some Tatuajes and they all just have a "Tatuaje" band. Some have an "Exlcusive" band I think. Uhh, that's great but which one am I smoking?
LOL thats' awesome. I've been telefragged quite a few times trying to melee down teleporters.. even when nowhere near standing on them. You think I'd have learned by now...
I had an IPA last weekend that was made with this hop plus (I think) Simcoe and holy-hell did that combo make a distinct tropical fruity. I'm more of a typical pine/grapefruit guy so I didn't quite care for it. It was extremely fruity. Looking at the spec sheet I'm surprised it's all about the orange, was expecting more tropical mentions. I know Simcoe gets some passionfruity stuff, but I've never had it be that intense. Maybe that plus the orange just played off eachother.
I don't think I've ever been to this fall before, oddly enough. How's the hike?
I once was playing Scout and our fourth Sniper completely flipped his shit about me taking the tele. Sorry bro, you werent even near when I got to the tele, and you're useless anyways. I agree when it's not level 3 or there's a line, but some people get a bit vitriolic about scout-teles.
Potatoes, onion, sausage, peppers all chopped and wrapped in aluminum. Throw that on the fire and good2go. Personally I always do that and sandwiches, hate cleaning camping cookware with bottled water or some shit.
There's been a few times where I had extremely low health, no medics or dispensers near. Doesn't matter, Scorch Shot extremely OP. Just spam flares for 15 seconds and then taunt to full health, continue playing.
I DO TOO. I HOMEBREW AND YOU THINK THAT'D MAKE ME THE MOST POPULAR NEIGHBOR, RIGHT? HEY FREE BEER FUCKFACE, COME BE MY FRIEND. NOPE, ONE NEIGHBOR IS SUPER FAT AND CAN'T DRINK ALCOHOL BECAUSE OF HIS OBESE PILLS KEEPING HIM FROM HAVING A HEART ATTACK OR STROKE OR SOMETHING. NOT THAT I'D WANT TO BE FRIENDS WITH A WHALE ANYWAYS. THE OTHER NEIGHBORS ARE LIKE 50 WITH KIDS ALMOST MY AGE AND THAT'S NO FUN EITHER. WHY CANT THE WIFE AND I EVER MEET FELLOW DINK'S?
SOMETIMES THOSE FLASHING LIGHTS MAKE ME WANT TO SEIZE. I GUESS RUNNING THEM OVER DUE TO A SEIZURE IS BETTER THAN RUNNING THEM OVER BECAUSE I CAN'T SEE THEM.
I CAN ONE UP YOU - MY VARIOUS CONTROL PANELS LOOK LIKE BOMBS  http://i.imgur.com/0Bg24.jpg http://i.imgur.com/iM6TNvN.jpg http://i.imgur.com/70vKist.jpg
I've honestly never had to do it, so I can't say for certain. I've bent other tubing before without a bender, if you're not doing anything too complicated (all you need is to raise it a tad), pivot it against a hard surface and go slow you should be fine.
Those paws! Got my GD at 10 mo, both happy and sad I missed the puppy stage.
Luckily he just tears them apart, doesnt eat any fluff.
I love west-coast IPAs. Can't stand ones that are sweet in the slightest.   Simple grain bill is key-- I a lot of times will just do all of whatever base I have -- 2row, vienna, MO, even pils. When I'm not lazy I'll blend some wheat in there. Sometimes a dose of roasted barley just for color. Adding crystal to an IPA? Blegh. If you're making it a DIPA or even on the high range of standard IPA gravities, you need some sugar to dry it out.   Hops -- almost always use more than what you want. I usually go for a solid pound minimum when I want a great IPA. If I don't want to spring for that I just make a hoppy pale. Get all of your IBUs from the 60min addition. Then save the rest for flameout and whirlpool. What I like doing is adding half at flameout and then half when it's down to 170F. Then of course another few ounce dry hop.   Yeast -- I just use classic Chico strain. Fast and clean is all you need.  Edit: And for water, I'm big on high sulfate. I do 300 for now. Been meaning to try more but always forget.
