I don't know what platelets go for, but I understand (from something I heard in classes) that a unit of red cells goes for about $700-800.
I've been mostly unemployed for months and money's tight, but I managed to kick $10 his way today.
I'm a white American.  How much do I owe black people?  _Which_ black people?  How about native Americans? Asian immigrants? Descendents of Asian immigrants? Hispanics? The Irish?  Do you even know? Can you prove, using unbiased data, that I owe complete strangers a specific amount of money by virtue of how others have treated them or their ancestors? How would you calculate this?  Reparations are a mind-blowingly stupid idea.  If you mourn the effects of historic poverty and injustice on the modern day poor, then support a basic income. Repair _all_ the poor. Achieve the ideals of Thomases Jefferson and Paine. But this identity politics clusterfuck, no. I would drop my support for Sanders if he actually suggested this, the same way I dropped Jill Stein as soon as she said she would only nominate women to the SC.
dark humor, that's me :)
I've got a 2006 2.3 and I've test driven a 2015 2.0, and the 2.3 has a lot more muscle off the line. Fairly aggressive acceleration and easy to chirp the tires if I want (or if the road's wet).  Now, granted the 2.3 is a manual and the 2.0 was an auto, and I'm guessing something between the auto, throttle input, and traction control keeps the 2.0 from responding as immediately as the 2.3 does. I'm not a car nerd who can dissect what causes what. But this is my experience.  Now at freeway speeds, the 2.3 is a bit limited. The 2.0 accelerates better, even if you have to stomp on the pedal to do it. Guessing they changed the gearing quite a bit after 9 years.
Uh huh.  I voted for Jill Stein in 2012. How did that go? Oh right: she barely got on the ballot, had almost no press at all, and scraped the bottom of the vote barrel. And that was after running a decent campaign.  America is simply not ready to march bravely into third party politics. They weren't ready in 2000, they weren't ready in 2012 (even after Occupy), and they're not ready now. They won't be ready anytime in the foreseeable future. The idea that a liberal Democrat is sucking votes away from the Green Party is ridiculous because __the Green Party doesn't have any fucking votes to lose.__ They're nobody. And until we get some real change in this country that gives third parties a fair shot, they'll always be nobody.  Bernie is absolutely doing the right thing by running as a Democrat. It is the pragmatic thing; it is also the necessary thing.  I for one would like to stop seeing these links to extreme left/socialist armchair revolutionaries whining about Bernie being a fake or a sheepdog. The criticisms are neither valid or important, the critics are determined to stay politically irrelevant, and I see no reason at all why we should give them a platform.
&gt; If anything Bernie is hurting the movement away form demolishing a two party system.   There is no such movement. A few armchair revolutionaries and protest voters make no difference whatsoever.  I voted for Jill Stein in 2012. I though she ran as good a campaign as could be expected given her limited resources, in a time when her platform should have found strong support, and not only did she not win more than a fart's worth of the popular vote, the various leftist and populist groups who should all have been pulling hard for her couldn't agree that she was the right candidate, or that entering electoral politics was even worthwhile at all. What a useless, politically irrelevant bunch of assholes.  There is likewise almost no serious support or activism around changing our electoral system to make third parties viable, except through public funding - which Bernie is pushing.  I think Bernie Sanders has gotten more press and popular support at this point than Jill Stein got her entire campaign, and it's not because he has good ideas or an existing support base - it's because he needed to run as a Dem to be seen as credible.  &gt; The corporate elite will never allow someone who does't bend over to take office.   So _prove_ it. Spread the word. Donate. Volunteer. Fight for Bernie and his political revolution. Make that revolution as big as you can. If Bernie wins, great! You were wrong, thankfully, and the country benefits. If not, make them shut him down in full view of a supportive public. Sharpen the contradictions. Prove to them that national politics is well and truly owned by the elite. Radicalize them.  Then, while the iron is still (somewhat) hot, convince them to stay involved and fight at the state and local level where they can actually win. All the most exciting progressive legislation these days is happening at that level. Cities are the ones passing $15 minimum wage laws. Cities are the ones passing mandatory sick leave and part time workers' rights laws. Cities are where police reform and low-income housing projects happen. States are the ones passing national popular vote bills and they were the first to support marriage equality. Oregon has mail-in voting and automatic voter registration for anyone who gets a driver's license. Utah is housing the homeless with its Housing First program. Florida passed a strong anti-corruption bill a while back (or so I understand; I never got all the details). Show them the progress happening in the smaller governments. If we can't get someone like Bernie elected, then that shows millions of people that we MUST fight the elites from the bottom up.
Frank Luntz is a PR and messaging guy for the right. No, scratch that: he's __the__ PR and messaging guy for the right. He's spent his career finding ways to twist words and tell lies in support of the wealthy elite. When you argue with a conservative whose entire worldview is bullshit and who speaks entirely in fabricated talking points, chances are, most of them came from Frank Luntz somehow.  Luntz is a soulless, evil, greedy man - no doubt. But he is the best at what he does. He is a goddamn evil genius, a master. When he talks about messaging, if you're smart, you listen.  I don't remember where he said it, but he once said something like "after you have said something over and over and over and OVER again and you're at the point where you can't stand to say it any more, _people have only just begun to hear you_."  Keep pushing Bernie's message. Don't assume that people know who he is or what he stands for. Don't assume that all your friends are rooting for him just because you posted something about him on Facebook. Don't look around an echo chamber like this sub and think "hey, people are talking about him, they're writing articles, everyone must know about Bernie by now."  _Every single day_ from now until the very end of his campaign, assume that most Americans have never heard of him and know nothing whatsoever about his platform.  People say not to "Ron Paul" Bernie - as if there was _ever_ such a thing as too much publicity. People hate ads but they still buy the products. Don't let them silence you. Don't think that just because a small group of trolls and cynics make fun of him and accuse you of circlejerking that it's time to give it a rest for a while.  When Bernie's campaign gets its ground game going - man, I hope it's soon - volunteer. Go knock on doors. Go spread flyers. Take a turn on the phone bank. Meet up with other supporters in your town and plan public events, or arrange to have booths at existing public events.  Understand, I am not an outgoing guy. I have a small, personal social network and I hate talking to strangers on the phone or face to face. I hate doing any kind of sales or marketing. I am a terrible candidate for this kind of work. Saying all this makes me sort of a hypocrite. But I am going to try to make a difference somehow because that's what we all need to do.
&gt; It's gonna happen, and it's gonna happen state by state by state on its own.   Then let it.  Too much power is already invested at the federal level. I'm thousands of miles away from DC and I don't have billions in my pocket to buy the national media. I want to see the balance of power move down toward states and localities where ordinary people can still have a say without having to organize a once-in-a-century mass protest or movement to say it.  I think that Bernie is going to give us more of that (federal power) and I'm okay with it because I trust him to do the right thing for Americans and strengthen democracy, but ultimately I think we need to shift direction on where a lot of our legislation is taking effect.  &gt; Very American concept and thinking.  That's right.
Alternate parties are irrelevant in national politics. Jill Stein's run in 2012 demonstrated that to me.  Also, if not voting Democrat is "like voting for the Republican", then actually voting for the Republican is like voting for the Republican twice... or something. If I'm going to punish the DP for nominating a fake candidate like Hillary over a genuine populist like Bernie, I want it to sting as much as possible.  Also, I'm a bit of an accelerationist where national politics are concerned. The way the establishment Dems are going, I'm going to be pretty screwed when I'm a senior, so if that's where we're headed, let's get the fall over with already. Either we'll shock enough people awake to reverse course for real or we'll break the system when the economy finally collapses, and either one is progress to me.
I had lousy grades in school. Classic brainy underachiever, got As on tests but hated doing schoolwork. Never took the SAT since my poor single mother wouldn't pay the testing fee. Entered the workforce after high school.  Two decades later, with no further formal education, I enrolled in college, tested out of a bunch of required introductory classes, and earned a degree in a medical field with a cumulative 3.87 GPA.  Admittedly, if I'd gone to college right after high school, I probably would still have been a lazy screwup, so in that sense, my grades were predictive in the short term. But in the end, it would have been a shame to make it harder for me to go to school just because I was a fool when I was younger.  High school grades aren't everything.
&gt; I'm waiting to go "full Bernie" though on social media, I don't want to bore people.  Same worry here. I share 1-2 things on Facebook a week, figure that's enough to be a constant reminder, but not so much it feels spammy.
&gt; I guess the only reason I feel threatened by this is because I will be graduating with around $40,000 in debt looming over my head and would hate to see my hard work diminished at the cost of paying unskilled labor $15 an hour. Maybe I shouldn't feel threatened by this.  Prices will go up slightly, which means that buying power will go down slightly, so in real dollars, you'll be making a little less, at least until wage increases propagate upward. But you'll still be outearning the burger flippers by quite a bit.  But why did you go to school at all? Why pick engineering? Sure, it pays well, but is that the only reason? I doubt it. You probably want to be an engineer. You probably like the idea of designing things and making them work better. And you probably want what the money affords you: a comfortable lifestyle, financial security, and maybe some nice vacations or grown-up toys. You'll still have those things.  And maybe I'm giving you too much credit, but you probably didn't study engineering so that you could look down on people with less money. So who cares if burger flippers are better off than they are now? They want comfort and security too, and if their work isn't as valuable as yours, well, they're not getting paid as much either. Those that have greater ambitions can start businesses or go back to school - more easily with higher wages to build savings and free tuition, I might add - and those who lack the intellect to go farther won't be punished for it.  In truth, even the upper middle class is woefully poor compared to the ridiculous extremes of the top 0.1%. If we even things out, your income will most likely rise as well.
Wish I'd been there now. Wanted to, but had other business.
&gt; I can tell you my family, I'm Black, right now has no intention of voting Bernie and are pro-Hillary or just apathetic to the Primaries. It's not that they don't like him, they've just never heard of him and don't care much when I bring up his talking points.   How can they not care about single-payer healthcare or free college tuition? Wage hikes? Getting big money out of politics? What do they actually care about?
Nearly all lab techs (both MLS and MLT) have, at minimum, a couple weeks of clinical phlebotomy experience. I did over 500 sticks in school, although that's more than most (it was a busy clinic).  A lot of us have either worked as phlebs, or in labs or clinics where we're sometimes required to do draws. We know about babies, psycho needlephobe kids, cranky old people, and the ones who _just won't bleed!_  Believe it or not, we are well aware that the specimens we're most likely to ask for again are the _hardest_ ones to get. If they were easy to collect, you'd have gotten an acceptable specimen on the first try. It feels punitive and unreasonable to have to do the hard ones again when you did your best the first time. But when treatment is guided by lab results, good patient care demands accurate data.
I just switched, it's SUPER easy. Only takes a minute if you have your OR drivers license or state ID handy and all your other info is current.
&gt; What are your concerns regarding Sanders' run?  He might lose.  &gt; If he doesn't win the primary, people who would have voted Democrat had he done so may instead not vote or go third-party, causing a Republican win. The implications of this, given that the Supreme Court judges are due for re-election, are horrific.  The implications of this are great. If our federal government is irretrievably captured by the money power, I am fully in favor of letting the Republicans drown it in a bathtub - it'll make secession or revolution easier. I fully plan to vote for the Republican if Sanders doesn't win the primary.
I've never voted Republican myself, but I'll do it if Hillary gets the nomination. It's the best way to hurt her chances, for one thing (although it won't matter much in my state); for another, if our federal government really has taken out of our hands, I want to elect the people who want to drown it in a bathtub and return power to the states.
The bottom 90% of us can't afford to travel outside the US :P
I thought it was simpler to leave that out of my explanation... but yeah, there it is.
I've got the i Touring (2.0 engine).  It's not a sports or luxury car - you understand that, right? But it performs very respectably for what it is. Not hard at all to push it up to 70 or 80; I got a speeding ticket the other day for doing 73 on my morning commute up I-5.  :(  It also handles well at that speed, unlike the Honda Fit which handles like Kermit the Frog flailing his arms and screaming.  For aggressive merging and passing, you'll probably want to look at the manual, or get used to using the tiptronic for driver-controlled downshifts if you like automatics; like all automatics, there's a bit of a lag between when you stomp hard on the gas and when the engine says "Huh? OH! You want to go fast!" and downshifts for you. The steering is very nimble and makes lane changes feel easier.
&gt; Find out what's important to them rather than tell them.  I tried that, right here in this sub. I initially bought into the idea that Bernie's campaign needed more minority outreach, and when I got some pushback on that from self-identified minorities, I asked them what their communities wanted.  First they told me that their communities aren't monoliths and they can't speak for others. So asking a minority what other members of the same minority group want is a waste of time.  Then they told me that minorities care about all the issues that the white mainstream cares about, and you don't know what part of Bernie's platform is going to appeal to someone. So having any assumptions about what minorities want or need to hear to give their support is also pointless.  Okay, fine, those are very reasonable positions and in hindsight I should probably have known better.  And yet, we still hear about how Bernie has to specifically speak to minority identities or else they'll vote for Hillary because they don't actually know or care about the issues as much as they like being pandered to. We still have to hear "Bernie is living in a white bubble!" comments even though he has the strongest civil rights record. Heads you whine, tails he loses.  So, basically: go choke.
Every time I have to call a nurse to resolve a delta and they don't even know what's going on with their patient, or I'm drawing their patient with dementia and they're giving me dirty looks because policy requires me to ask them to help confirm ID, I really start to wonder what the hell they're being paid so much for.
&gt; More specifically, I tried to do everything "the right way", instead of their way, and this is where it got me.  Uh huh.  What's "the right way"?
I had to get a nurse to stick a baby three times once. I was kinda dreading that last call.
I never give two identifiers and there's almost never any kind of readback. This is how my trainers were and as far as I can overhear this is how it is for the rest of my lab as well.  Here's what it boils down to. We techs are expected to always be friendly and accommodating, even when the nurse on the other end of the phone isn't. They'll argue with us, hang up on us, resent any inconvenience like having to verify things, and management always sides with nursing if we complain. But if we give them any attitude back, or insist on doing anything the proper way, you'd better believe those vindictive shits will suddenly find the spare time to write up a flowery report about how we were literally the rudest person they've ever dealt with and now they have PTSD, and we'll get hauled into a supervisor's office over it.  So yeah, it sure would be awful if there was some kind of preventable mistake and it resulted in harm to a patient. But as long as management doesn't police nursing and doesn't let us do it either, techs are going to seek the path of least resistance. Change the system if you want to change the outcomes.
&gt; No one really praises the lab for 'getting the numbers', accurate results are the expectation so there's very little pomp and circumstance about every value we obtain.  I don't expect a constant string of praise just for doing my job right, but some recognition for what we have to do to ensure the accuracy of results (and how important that accuracy is) would sure be nice. Not being treated like a second class peon would be nice, too.  I really think the only way to fix the problem where nobody knows or cares what we do is to stop doing it to make a point.
Uh.  Flagstaff?
From my (admittedly limited) perspective, it seems like the field's always been a little biased against MLTs: first no one wanted to hire us (even with the difference in pay), then no one trusted us to do anything complex, now CAP's sabotaged us by not letting MLTs observe other techs. And I see a lot more openings for MLSs than MLTs.  Granted, we used to not exist, and then we used to not be hireable, and both of those have changed, so you could say things are improving for MLTs - but now that we're here, I feel like the _current_ trend leans slightly toward phasing us back out.
Recently I had three specimens from different patients come from the ED in rapid succession, all 3+ hemolysis, and all drawn by the same person. I suspect they may have been getting the blood with a vacuum cleaner, somehow. I swear to god if I'd gotten one more like that from them I would have taken the time to call the ED charge nurse and complain. Think I would've had a pretty good case, too.
I'm further left than most here and even I want to get rid of the Arts Tax.
Yeah, I don't really want that much character.
GUYS, I FOUND THE STRIPPER
You could do a lot worse than Winco.  Although the last time I got their chicken it was SUPER salty, so IDK...
What are you thinking? You can't make friends here.  First off, everyone's already in a clique. They'll totally let you hang out with them but you'll never get _in_; it'll be fifth wheel forever while you try desperately to show them that you get their in-jokes and other social signals but it never makes any difference.  The people who are not in cliques are annoying losers that you wouldn't want to be friends with anyway (btw, this is what YOU are to everyone else).  But supposing you find someone you actually like and get along with, they're going to ditch you all the time for their other, better friends - or else after a while they'll ditch you for their newer ones. Or maybe they just flake all the time, because Portland. Or they'll just ghost you one day. Or they'll have incompatible religious and political views that they won't keep to themselves and expect you to tolerate, even validate. Or maybe they'll just stab you in the back one day.  No, no. Forget friends. Just stick to video games and shitposting on the internet.
I was really hoping you needed someone to come to your home or workshop and remove paint from something.
&gt; NOBODY EVEN TOUCHED MY LEGS AT PRIDE AND I HAD THEM OUT FOR FUCK'S SAKE  That's a thing? Crazy.  &gt; PEOPLE SEIZE UP AS SOON AS I EXPRESS AN INTEREST IN THEM ... LOWKEY HATED HOW INVISIBLE I CONSTANTLY FELT.  Speaking as a straight dude: rofl, yeah, that's what being attracted to women is like. Oh, and also have a lot of them think it's cool to treat you like a rapemurderhobo who's indirectly responsible for most of their problems.
I guess that means that this July 4th, I won't walk from my employer's parking garage to my assigned work area through a hail of reverberating explosions like some kind of thousand-gun salute.  Aww. :(
The problem is that everyone in this sub is fucking terrible.  Yes, I will include myself in that assessment if that will close the sale.  ...also, the problems being caused by the sudden influx of residents are real problems. I don't see all those people who are coming here to buy "cheap" houses volunteering to be taxed through the nose or fighting for wage hikes to counteract the economic damage they're doing, so maybe they should have the good grace to not complain that we're mean to them while they're systematically fucking us out of our city.  And yeah, I only stick around this sub because it's local, because the people are fucking terrible, as I said.
What? He's got one at home in Vermont, one cheap little place in DC he uses when he's in town working, and they recently inherited one.  That's better than a lot of people, I'll grant you, but the guy makes $177k/year as a US senator, he ought to be doing okay. And the oligarchs on Wall Street he calls out are thousands of times richer than him.
I wouldn't recommend Mi Miero Mole anyway. I mean, their food is decent, I guess, bit overpriced maybe, but I always feel like I'm expected to thank them for being so awesome and they're not even awesome.  Also, the last couple of times I tried to go there (admittedly a couple years ago) they didn't seem to feel any obligation to be open when they said they would be open.
Sure, women hold up half the sky when they want something - more power, more money, more recognition - but somehow the rest of history and society is all men's fault.  I don't think women understand what men, especially poor men, face. Lord knows anyone who tries to talk about men's problems gets shouted down as a whiny baby or an entitled bro or a neckbeard misogynist - and a lot of women seem to think that men's lives are just like theirs, except that we're carefree and don't have to do anything to be handed success.
Can confirm we're running a bunch of these.
I honestly don't remember what we consider atypical lymphs at my lab.  ...I should probably find that out.  The one on the right is definitely reactive, pretty classic appearance. The one on the left is kinda plasmacytoid. But is it "atypical"? I think that's reserved more for malignant or just plain weird lymphs, not ones that are reacting normally to e.g. a viral infection.
I asked questions all the damn time when I was starting out. Still do, in fact. There's a lot of "how do you guys handle this edge case?" and "where is the damn (supply)?" and "how many shots do I need to leave on this instrument I rarely have to refill?" that aren't in any written procedure. And anything I remember having to ask more than a couple times, I make a note on a little notepad I keep in my pocket.  But then, a lot of that probably has to do with how supportive your coworkers are. Mine are generally helpful, but I hear a lot of stories about toxic labs where the answer to a question more often than not is "do whatever you want" or "if you don't know that by now, you shouldn't be working here."  I do think the programs are a bit too memorization-heavy. Like, okay, it's hard to talk about abnormal results if you don't know what the normal range is - but when there are a zillion analytes out there and the LIS gives you the ranges, you don't need to memorize most of them. You don't need to memorize formulas for creatinine and things like that, you'll have access to references you need in the lab. Having lookup tables in your head is fantastic, but getting them there takes an investment of time that isn't necessarily justified.
We don't agree on a whole lot, but I'm right with you here on this being hilarious.  I feel like we should have hiked tariffs years ago. "Free trade" can suck my left nut. And just because the US doesn't compete well now (because we've been sending all our solar money overseas and letting US industry wither on the vine) doesn't mean we won't be better off ten years down the road for this.  Doing whatever saves us the most money right now without any kind of coherent vision for the future just gives us the economic equivalent of the platypus or fainting goat. Or impacted wisdom teeth.  This is not to say that I think Trump HAS a coherent vision. Nothing he does is coherent. He's spent his entire life making up shit as he goes along and letting class privilege shield him from his failures. But I'm fine with a bit of trade protectionism.
THE WAY TO DEAL WITH THIS IS TO STOP HAVING THOSE PEOPLE AS YOUR FRIENDS. YOU DESERVE BETTER  P.S. MY CONDOLENCES ON THE IMPENDING DECIMATION OF YOUR SOCIAL NETWORK. I HEAR KNITTING, VIDYA GAMES, AND POSTING INCOHERENT SCREEDS ON REDDIT ARE GOOD HOBBIES FOR LONE WOLVES
I expect that anyway, because they’re going squeeze us whether we’re fighting them or not. It’s just what they do, and it’s convenient for them that what enriches them also disempowers us.  I’m not quite sure what the point of this post is, to be honest. It’s a bit half-baked. I really did make it on a whim. But we definitely need to remember that money is a strategic asset and poverty removes agency which removes strategic choice.  In a political environment curated by the elite for decades, in one year grassroots money made Bernie one of the most influential people in America, generated the beginning of a grassroots political revolution, and changed the dialogue around what’s realistic and possible for American policy - all while the entire rest of the well-funded establishment scrambled to bury it. Money _alone_ didn’t do that, but it was a necessary part.
&gt; Why do we as a society, as citizens and voters continue to ask our government for the things we need?  Hey, don't look at me. I've been waiting most of my life for the rest of y'all to wake up from the daze.
