I apply cream on the purple screen beyond my eyes to try to make them less noticeable.   EDIT: I also have a Tumble account subscribed to all those "sad quotes" accounts.
I do that once in a while, then my balls start hurting.
He needs more GBP and Mom will only give him some if he gets a job or a girlfriend.
I'm 19 and it would be You're So Dark. I love the references and the whole scene/character it paints.
I really thought that was in! Come on, France, I'm rooting for you to win this.
That's why I just tend to ignore the comments when I know what I said can be controversial. I can't be bother to fight about it.
As a newcomer to CK2 once I got my hands on a computer that wouldn't explode after 100 years of incest and murder, I tried to start as it is dictated, by trying to conquer Ireland.  As the count of Daesmunhaim my dream was to unify the island of Eire and from there conquer the world. I managed to conquer the first counties and form the petty kingdom of Mumu. From there the world should have been mine. I striked and conquered another two counties from which a new petty kingdom emerged. I was though the most wealthy and powerful suzerain of Ireland.  As I planned to conquer the rest of Eire and become an all-mighty King, sorrow and pain took ahold of my territory: my character had died, leaving others to pursue his dreams.  Obviously the succession laws played against me, giving each of my male children a land title and dividing the force of the previous ruler. On one character it was enough to conquer the world, divided in two it was barely enough to withstand attacks from the neighbors.   So did the dream of the count of Daesmunhaim died, watching from heaven how his children divided the land while invaders from Britain took Eire piece by piece.   TL;DR: Tried to become King or Ireland but succession laws cockblocked me. How do you manage to create a kingdom when you lose half your power after death.
I would love to have Exogenesis Symphony: Redemption back, it's probably not going to happen.
Nick was the one who got his ass slapped at the Brits, or was it Jamie?  Sure, Alex is cool as fuck but I like Matt. He's the second leader, he's always off doing side work with Homme or even TLSP and we share names. He seems like a cool guy to both hang out at parties or just grab a beer.
Yo siempre creí en tí, Bolillo.
If we live our lives in fear, I'll wait a thousand years, just to see you smile again.   I was on this huge crush when I found out about Muse and this one just stuck with me like a close feeling,^( nothing happened with the girl, though.)
Guys, I'm surrounded by noise and annoying people. How are we doing?
Thanks. I have faith, as much as a goal could make everyone around me yell at such level it could destroy my ears.
I have had some stupid slips when, on DSi, I want to press start or select and I end up pressing the power button.
Running Chilean, hope you don't get shocked.
The 2nd part ranks as one my best childhood anime memories.
Clannad AS is the anime where I have been the closer to start crying. It made me feel so many things. I refuse to believe the last episode exists, though.
I started with regular Railgun, I believe. I'm planing on following the order you posted.   EDIT: Nope, poorly tagged episodes.
I went into the watch order wiki, the series has 3 types of watch order. It was overwhelming.   Best of lucks.
Yeah, it's early this week :) Which mod is Tpang using for that strategic view? It looks better than mine.
I really liked this song but I had never noticed the apocalyptic tune the video has.
Those guys were so infuriating on my first run through the area. I tried to run pass them on following tries to defeat the Goat but I just decided to do it the real way, farming in Undead Parish to be able to hit them hard.
Pain. /jk  I only played the first 2 DLCs (Sunken King and Iron King) with a sorcerer. Honestly the enemies are quite resistant to sorceries. As with the main game, keep your distance. The items that give extra uses with spells are useful, I had a bunch of them to farm arrow spear. I believe you can have 2 copies of arrow spear in NG but I'm not sure. A melee weapon is quite useful, I had a longsword.
Not that anyone cares but that's Colombia national ice cream brand. Always nice to see memes from my country.
Judging by the awful dishes Shokugeki inspired me to cook (basically whatever I found in the fridge), more like the Weird Foods bald guy.
I'ma tell you s'merging, girl. *Rubs head vigorously.*
Rimes like this make me miss u/rogersimon10.
Nah, I was talking about an imaginary friend.
Oh, my bad, I saw it subbed to my language and I supposed it was already up. I also couldn't find an older thread. Guess I'll delete this and let an English redditor submit it.
The school has like 8 teachers, I can't imagine it to be very big student-wise with such a big campus. No wonders it's low on funds.   My bet is that whatever happened to Chariot had to do solely on theagic world, since Akko doesn't know the reason Chariot disappear.
Finding clothes must be a pain in the ass. It's already hard with male clothes, I can't imagine how it must be for woman.
Oh, same happened to the daughter (maybe 5 years old back then) of some relatives. She was tossing a soccer ball around with an uncle. He kicked the ball trying to send it back to her but kicked it wrong. The ball went straight to this little girl's face.
If I had seen Lautrec without his helmet he would still be rotting in his cell.
I guess it depends on how you think. I believe soft rejection only makes the stalking heavier because it's not a rejection in the minds of some (I myself have failed to caught it sometimes) but a "not now, maybe later".   A " sorry, I don't want to go out with you" hurts and she has strong points, she may find a guy who won't take a no as an answer but I feel rejection is just the best way.
I miss John Earnest.
TIL, I always thought it was Jedies or Jedis, at least that's how it was translated to Spanish.
And being homeschooled. It must be hard enough to find friends without going to school, nearly impossible for the son of Dark Lord Trump.   EDIT: He went/is going to school in NYC before becoming homeschooled. Hopefully he won't get bullied (or bully).
My bad, Mary.
Madrid, cursed by the RB in CdR. The spirit of Cherishev still hunts the team.
Yes yes, we have a nice weather. No sun, sun hurts us. Those pesky hobbits like their sun, yes.
Don't get greedy. Honestly I can't say how many times I've died for my own confidence. If you're wining against a boss with a technique, you don't need to run full Rambo when the boss has only 2 or 3 hits left.
Damn, now I want pancakes.
Al menos en harina es la misma. Pidele la receta a tus amigos venezolanos. Yo prefiero harina blanca.
Sword Art Online was one of the first anime I saw and I didn't really care about the fairy arc or Kirito the harem guy. Now that I have seen the same trope multiple times I feel like it would look much worse, specially fairy's because it is the one with less action.
Covered Federal Felony.
SAO didn't even come to my country. :(
TIL JoJo has girls. I thought it was only manly sparky men.
Yeah, basically among friends or relatives, or group activities. My sister's boyfriend is her highschool's sweetheart, my dad met my mom because my mom was friends with his sister. My friend met her bf through a UN model. Concerts would work too, I tend to meet great people in queues. A relative is dating her co-worker.   Tinder is getting more popular, so maybe that's an option, although you should be wary about the people you meet there.
I've been trying to get better with chopsticks but I still find it hard to keep them aligned.
In this bus system the screw goes both ways so they all can be used as entrances or exits. She just tried to go first, wasn't paying much attention.   Source: Been in Bogotá, which is the city that has this bus system and logos.
