"Sure they could. I used to melt carbonite beams on the farm back home, they're no weaker than steel."  (Don't fact check that, please, the force is not strong with this one.)
That my mom's been reading my bank statements for the last four months.
I can't keep up, I need to fix my hearing aid!
Part of it is that the new hire InDoc process has been thoroughly streamlined, to the point that if we have ten applicants in training on monday and only one sees it out to friday, the company is still turning a profit on that one new hire. The downside is all of our new guys know jack shit about how the job is actually done, which leaves the old guard (me and maybe two dozen other guys out of a crew of 150+) to teach them how to do their job, while doing their job. Ironically, this is part of what causes this company's huge turnover rate.
Well, it's been through four accidents, two of which were when the car was in my possesion, both of which were my fault, and one of which was major damage to the front end because I fell asleep and ran a red light (Protip: don't work 5 hours with no breaks on a 12 hour shift, kids!) So the engine's got a knock and the alignment's off, the other accident was me forgetting to put the car back into drive when the fucker in front of me almost backed into me at an intersection and I put it into reverse to try and avoid an accident (Didn't work too well, did it?) so the trunk doesn't lock properly and my license plate is basically nailed to the back end, The engine and transmission have had a leak for ten-odd years, the windows don't work, the AC doesn't work, the cassette player doesn't work, one of the doors doesn't open properly, the gas cap door is held in place with hangar wire, there's barf stains all over the passenger seat from when my sister went through her bulimia phase, the brakes are iffy, some of the lights in the dash have gone out, I've replaced the battery, alternator, fuses, brake pads, fenders, hood, windows, and god knows what else, some many, many times, some of the seals are bad so the cabin is leaky as hell, the radio's choppy on its best days, and because I have to drive it 80+ miles on a roundtrip to work, it gets worse every day, and I never seem to have the money to replace anything that isn't critical because things go critical all the time.  But it could be worse, I guess.
Oh, you had the meatloaf too?
It looks like your dad has at least a grand tied up in Dwarven Forge, judging by the size and depth of those bins on the bottom right. A man after my own heart.
The tumblers in Dan's apartment door shifted as he turned the key, and set in place with a familiar click. It had been almost a month since he'd left his old job and opted to do freelance repair service. No more constantly patching up superhero-sized holes in the HQ walls when trainees lost their tempers, no more pipe repairs when guys like Cryolad accidentally froze over the men's room, and, perhaps best of all, no more having to replace every goddamn lightbulb (to say nothing of all the wiring, structure damage, tiling, and so on) when villains came calling. Maybe his life wasn't spectacular now, but it was pretty good, and that's all Dan had ever wanted.  Unfortunately for the League of Heroes, their non-hero employment proved to be anything but 'pretty good.' The pay was awful, as "serving heroes is its own reward," the benefits sucked, and the job itself was a constant ordeal, as Dan had learned all too well those ten years. Worse still, the government tended to look the other way where heroes broke minor laws, given that most served as the enforcers of the major ones. That was all fine and dandy for them, but without even minimal government supervision, abuses ran rampant in the workplace. Supervisors ignored safety regulations, cut corners wherever possible, and made life a living hell for any who objected. Corporate began squeezing its workforce, insisting that the long hours and low pay contributed to a greater cause, and that compensation would be given when Headquarters could afford it, but that day never seemed to come. Dan would have left the week he started, but leaving the league was taboo in the larger community. After all, who would voluntarily object to serving this noble cause?  Paul's replacement came as a shock to Dan. Paul, the day shift communications specialist, was a veteran of the league's behind the scenes work, and made it his job to take care of the poor bright-eyed bastards who signed on thinking the proximity to superheroes somehow justified the terrible working conditions, as Dan once did. Dan found a friend in him one day when Paul needed a handyman to rewire a console. Despite his disgruntled nature, Dan took pride in the work he did, and he and Paul found rapport with one another in being the 'true heroes' of the complex.  Throughout the years, there had been many attacks on HQ, and everyone believed the lockdown drills had been pretty effective in protecting the most vulnerable employees in the complex. He couldn't recall the last death that had actually occurred on the grounds. The comms room itself, however, needed to be heavily fortified, the services provided too critical to allow Paul to leave his post in an emergency. Thanks to the mismanagement of the complex, it remained as vulnerable a point in HQ as it was the day the league was founded. And over time, the villains learned that tidbit.   Paul ended up dying in the line of duty, as their contracts stipulated might rarely happen, yet there were no grand memorials, no mournings, no opulent ceremonies, as heroes were wont to do for their own fallen comrades. A very quiet burial for the family, NDA's to keep the grieving silent, and a new opening for a communications specialist. Though deaths were relatively rare, other support staff who had fallen as a result of collateral damage had been treated much the same way, bodies disposed of quietly, fresh job postings popping up, to protect the safe image projected by the League. Had Paul's family not informed Dan of his friend's untimely death, he might have believed the bullshit retirement-and-protection-program story the PR division had woven.  Dan quit the day he found out. He told everybody he could in the complex: His own disclosure clauses did not extend to the other employees, and whether he endeavored to spite his masters, avenge his friend, or attempt to save the lives of his coworkers, it didn't matter. The news inevitably spread outside the complex, and the effects of a more informed populace were catastrophic. Some left, some stayed, some even tried to unionize. The city began to protest the league, and the corporate arm knew they had done themselves in. Dan didn't stick around for the aftermath. He'd had enough of these 'heroes', after what had happened. Or so he thought.  ---  The phone rang. Dan knew the number all too well.  "I've said it a million times, Mike. I didn't tell anybody outside HQ shit. Your lawyers are going to have to find a different angle if you want to-  "Dan. It's Laser Lass. Mike's gone. Everybody's gone."  "What?"  "They left after the fallout. After most of the staff quit, corporate began hemorrhaging money trying to keep the place running with temps, but nobody would stay. The place has fallen apart. The last batch of new trainees just about destroyed the barracks, the cafeteria's practically a biohazard, and I don't even want to think about the septic situation. Please, we need help. We'll do anything."  "Look, you're maybe one of the half dozen people that ever gave a shit about us, super or not. Even if we have a whole new staff, the corruption inherent in the power structure will just sour the workplace again. We all watched it happen before: It'll be the same hell it always was."  "Dan, please. You've got to help us. We've been through hundreds of these numbers, a lot of them don't work anymore, and the people we do manage to get through to just hang up. This is the longest conversation I've had with anybody who used to work for the league since it fell apart."  "I can't do this again. You know how hard it was to work there."  "We're starting to learn, believe me. The few of us who had any background in, well, anything, tried to fix the problems themselves. But we just don't have the skills or manpower to pull this place together. Not even Speedwave can fix problems faster than they pop up, and for all his strength, Super Sigma can't figure out how to rebuild a sound structure. I honestly don't know how you did it."  "Yeah, you'd be surprised. It almost takes a hundred sup..."  Dan trailed off, lost in thought. Maybe this could work after all.  ---  As he stood in the newly furnished workshop, Dan shook his head, chuckling to himself. Nearly two hundred men and women, boys and girls, wearing coveralls and hard hats over their capes, suits, and masks.  "Dan! How's it going?"  Laser Lass flew down from the catwalks, clipboard in hand.  "Well, we've got everyone working on something. That group over there, Jim's teaching them how to keep wires bundled together and sorted, and they'll be going over electrical sockets and such tomorrow. Dave's keeping those guys busy with pipe sealing techniques, and I think they'll be putting the bathrooms together this week, and I couldn't be happier, because those port-a-potties are really starting to reek in this heat. Robby-"  "Yeah, I saw Robby was teaching the new guys how to screw in lightbulbs. I've got to be honest, this is not what I imagined when you said you had a plan, but it's incredible. Handyman Heroes. What a concept!"  "I know, right? I wasn't sure it would even work, but I have to say, people are a lot more careful with the things they have to put together themselves. Hell, this place is looking better than it ever did."  "With all the extra hands we've got, we'll be able to get this place in tip-top shape, and when we're done here, any members we can spare will help bring in funds, learn valuable skills, and rebuild a positive image in the community. It might even help them be more invested in the protection of the city. It's perfect, Dan!"  As if on cue, the alarm rang throughout the shop.   "Well, there's always room to improve, kiddo. OKAY, GROUP 5, YOU'RE ON POINT! SHOW THEM WHAT YOU'VE GOT!" As soon as Dan had called on them, a dozen heroes ripped their coveralls off and rushed out of the building to fight the villain of the week. He chuckled to himself again. Sure, there were arguments, and not everybody bought into the idea of job training and maintainance as hero work, but many saw the greater good it would do, and many was enough to make it work. This plan wasn't spectacular, but it was pretty good. And that's all Dan had ever wanted.
I've been the family tech support for years. I know how to lookup and install drivers, I've slotted motherboards, power supplies, ram and graphics cards, I've gotten that damn printer to work more times than I care to count. I even do a little fiddling in command prompt every once in a while.  I still wouldn't consider myself computer literate, at least, not in the sense the author describes. If I have an internet connection, I can read up and solve most of my own problems, but outside of that, I'm pretty helpless when it comes to computers. My parents call me a computer wizard, and I remind myself I don't know jack shit until somebody's told it to me.
Especially when it's clearly baggied, bright green/orange, and not the cereal in the bowl on the front of the box.   I miss cereal box prizes.
Here's one for the inbox. Have a wonderful day, Phil.
[My personal favorite.] (https://youtu.be/n6V8N4Gwo88?t=1m49s)
You know, I was skeptical at first, but after your feet go numb from blood loss, it really isn't too bad.
I mean, it *is* a kids movie, and kids are more likely to be noisy. I don't mind that so much because I knew what I was getting into. Still, yeah, if you can't keep your kids from bouncing around, you probably shouldn't take them to a place that asks its patrons for relative silence.
That took me half an hour to look up, and I'm just some fucking guy arguing on the internet. I'm pretty sure anyone who's passed the bar exam has at least cursory knowledge of situations like this and would advise a client not to sue, because if they didn't perform that due diligence, they'd likely be engaging in frivolous litigation and probably made to pay the defendant's court costs.
"*I'm a courier. Don't you want me to handle your package?*"  I picked the BW branch out of curiosity and that line fucking killed me.
That episode is probably my favorite so far, I always choke up a little at that ending. I can't wait for season 3, I thought it was already supposed to be out?
I remember having white cheddar mac with shrimp at this mountain lodge one. It was probably the best bowl I've ever had.
Yeah, those sandwich platters are fucking amazing. Every once in a while I seriously consider getting membership just to be able to buy them for get-togethers and such.
Yeah, who needs fuckin' healthcare, amirite?  Source: Type 1 Diabetic.
Beaten to death by the purple translucent GameBoy Color I used to have until my cousin "borrowed" it twelve years ago.  I'll live forever because that thing basically disappeared off the face of the earth.
["Dad... I'm mom."] (http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/dad-dad-im-straight.jpg)
Can I get a job where you are? Graduating May 2017 from WSUV in MIS, I sure as hell hope I can still get good healthcare, because insulin isn't cheap.
I actually live pretty close to Vancouver and Portland. I'm really just hoping I can find a job that I won't be completely miserable in. I hear horror stories of 70 hour work weeks with no paid overtime, and shitty benefits, and I just think, "Isn't this what I went to college to escape?"
And then they take points off because you restate the same facts, but in different ways, several times throughout your paper, which has good insights that could be condensed down to five pages because your college level vocabulary combined with the appropriate audience allows you to get information across quickly BUT NO, GOT TO BE TWENTY PLUS PAGES OF BULLSHIT OH MY GOD JUST BULLSHIT BECAUSE IF IT'S NOT TWENTY PAGES THEN YOU CLEARLY HAVEN'T WORKED HARD ENOUGH! FUCK YOU MR. BANN, IT WAS SOCIOLOGY 101! WE'RE NOT DOING GROUND-FUCKING-BREAKING RESEARCH INTO THE FARTHEST REACHES AND DEPTHS OF SOCIETY, WE'RE COLLEGE FRESHMEN, SO GET OFF YOUR GODDAMN HIGH HORSE AND I'LL DEMONSTRATE THAT THIRTY HOURS OF READING CASE STUDIES AND TEN HOURS OF WRITING, COMBINED WITH A SEMESTER'S WORTH OF TERMINOLOGY AND APPLIED KNOWLEDGE, IS MORE THAN ENOUGH WORK FOR A FINAL ESSAY IN A GODDAMN 100-LEVEL CLASS!  Mmm. I feel better about that B- already.
Actually, this was me not too long ago. Except it wasn't nearly as bad because I was a dropped out engineer taking business statistics, and the entire project took me about as long as one average engineering homework problem set. The rest of my team thought I was a god. It was kind of nice being the smart kid again.
Yeah. Our project was a rough analysis of housing cost and occupancy trends in three major cities over the last thirty years or so. Not only did I do literally everything for the report, but I made a baseline metropolitan housing comparison as well to give the numbers some context, which really ended up making a top quality informational report.   The group *did* end up putting together a few slides on the presentation, based on my calculations, but I ended up making and editing most of the slides myself, because they didn't understand the terms and numbers, *and* presenting it single-handedly. I didn't make a fuss because trying to cut anybody out of a group grade would have been way too much trouble at that point, and as I said before, I'd spent more time on a single engineering problem set in the past, so I wasn't exactly put out over the amount of work I had to do.  That shit's ridiculous, though. "OH I HAD IOWA!" Like, bitch please, you don't even have Elk Horn sit your uneducated ass down.
Hey, you know who's gay?  *Wedding Music*  Us.
I know. I asked for a food processor for Christmas and got it, I'm so happy.
I'm more of a [46.289816, -124.060353] man myself. The bonus is, it's only about two or three hours away.
"Hey fellas, I'm thinking I might become a vegetarian, and take up some yoga to get more in touch with my spiritual side!"  "That's great news, Ron!"  "Also, I've decided to give up on drinking, I realize it's unhealthy and perhaps makes me a less dedicated and capable government worker."  "Wow, good for you!"  "And finally, I've decided to start a new initiative, wherein I will learn each and every citizen of Pawnee's first name, last name, and personal interests and lifestyle, to better serve the commun-"  "**AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!**"
If you ever get the opportunity to go to The Rock, get the founder's pie. Sausage, pepperoni, and yes, literal globs of ricotta. It is, at the very least, in the top three I've ever eaten.
Oh wow, I just had a flashback to every pizza parlor candy crane.
There he is! The man of the hour! I feel honored.
Is... is *every* conversation with him one hundred words or less?  Oh god, I NEED TO KNOW!
"I never even began to know what I was doing in the first place."
You twit! I soiled my armor!
To say nothing of the *incredible dialogue* that leads to that option. I literally couldn't stop laughing for ten minutes.
I mean, shit, if they wanted Subway to be the last job I ever had, all they have to do is set me up with $80K a year, full benefits, a pension, and three weeks of paid vacation. I'd never have stopped making sandwiches if they offered that.  Edit: for anyone thinking I'm 100% serious here, I know no Subway franchisee could ever afford to pay that, but the ridiculousness of the request is about on par with the idea that "We want this to be the last job anyone here ever has!" If they did offer that, I probably would take it, though.
They quite literally are when you make $22K a year and need insulin therapy.
"No peanut sauce please, I'm allergic."  *Covers thai in peanut sauce*  "...Okay."
[You know this scene from IASIP?] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siAbiwPyccg)  There's a reason Charlie expresses that frustration. The job market in urban parts of the US is fucking awful. The statement "get a job" or "get a different job" is akin to "Just go find gold in the Mississippi river." It's doable, but incredibly difficult, and you'll have to sort through a bunch of garbage before you find it. I can't tell you how many MLM schemes and shitty part time temporary positions I had to sift through before finding the job I have today. Even then, $42K is just barely enough to live half an hour out from the Portland metro area.
I can practically taste the squigglevision. God, this takes me back.
As a type 1 diabetic, I join your sentiment. I don't know how I'm going to make it when I can't stay on my parents' insurance.
Shit, I guess I should consider myself lucky my dad is a maudlin drunk and showers praise on me when he's on the bottle. I definitely consider myself lucky because the most drinks I've ever had in one sitting is 3, and it just felt weird.
Maybe I'm doing something wrong, but I think your random button is broken. It keeps taking me to the same comic.
Here's a thought: Maybe Millenials wouldn't be killing apparently every industry that exists if they had some money to spend and some time with which to enjoy it? Half the people I know are fucking broke, deep in debt, living with one or more roommates and working 50+ hours a week either between two jobs or salaried. What will we be responsible for ruining next, I wonder:  "Why are millennials killing the housing market?"  "Millennials are destroying the automobile industry!"  "How come millennials aren't buying baby care products?"  Do you think it could be because nobody's got the money to buy a new car, or a house, or have children? Naaah, they must be spending it all on avocado toast and new phones.
See, I fulfill that urge over at /r/incremental_games.
That's my secret: I'm always in debt.
Is it weird that I know that intro music is one of two elevator themes from Jurassic Park for the SNES?
