1-ply if you have a septic system. I've errantly fingered my bunghole many, many times.
I read that he's reduced weight, to 206 or so, down from what at one time was around 222. Hopefully this reduction in weight allows him to better keep his feet under him, allowing him to maximize his incredible skillset. I'd love to see him as the 4th or 5th S. I see them keeping Abdullah, Parker, Branch, Kelcie, and Commings, with Berry on NFI.
I hate IT at my place of employment. They think security trumps capability. I think if they sacrifice capability for security, they aren't good enough for their job. IT works when no one hears from them EVER, but I fucking deal with them damn near everyday. I hate IT.
I'm a member, though I've not done anything for/with them yet. There's often sample design problems, analytical chores, etc. Some might require coding, but there's a variety coming in all the time and you can pick how involved you want to be.
I did this once. Except when I went for the phone, the guy turned away and I ended up poking him in the eye. He left the theatre, though, to finish his call. He also called the cops and I was arrested. The cop REALLY wanted me to apologize to the guy but I wouldn't. Would do all again. So, beware, if you answer the phone during a movie, you might get poked in the eye.
My wife affected an English accent after we spent a week in Canterbury. She couldn't help it. I was incredibly embarrassed the whole time, but the Brits didn't seem to mind.
I would have gone with a doctoral advisor on the upside of his career rather than one nearing retirement. My advisor couldn't/didn't keep up with what I was doing, principally because he couldn't follow the specifics.
I drafted him two years ago in the third round and then was able to keep him as a franchise player this year. He bailed me out a lot; incredible player, especially when Roethlisberger is at QB.
The pellets are easy to clean, but mine also poops out a greasy mess that sticks aggressively to whatever it touches. This means my floof stays in his pen for longer than I'd like. In summer, we let him out on the sun porch and he tends to poop on newspaper we've laid down in the corners. Tends to...
My grandmother didn't learn to drive until she was 65.
I'm in a 2-QB league, so if I get a chance to draft Newton in round 1, I will.
All this means for me is that I'm up 5-7 times that night pissing.
I would never have allowed that with my child. Both my spouse and I, plus our youngest, have scars from dog bites. One was an angry dog, another a happy excited dog, the last a confused dog. The common denominator? Dogs have sharp teeth and use them in regular social interaction with members of their own species. They cannot be trusted to not use them in interactions with you.
Getting a job programming is easier than getting one in NFL scouting. I'm looking at job announcements in my local paper and see plenty in programming, none in scouting. The US employs tens (if not hundreds) of thousands of programmers, but each NFL team has no more than about a dozen scouts, so we're talking a community of 500 individuals. If you don't have a football playing background, I can't imagine how you'd find a position with a squad. Perhaps in analytics, but you'd be better served with degrees in statistics rather than computer science. Go to graduate school to get a degree in statistics (with an emphasis or thesis in sports analytics) and then try to find an internship at a club, doesn't even have to be an NFL club, could be any pro sport, foreign or domestic. That's the only route I see to scouting for a non-collegiate/professional player.
That's the strange thing. I can't say that I ever have.
Zitacuaro and the Monarch Biosphere Reserve. We've been told to stay south of the 15D toll road.
You can read way too much of someone's past by their change in names. I had one job candidate marry, hyphenate, drop the hyphen and then take a third name. I spent way too much time wondering what was going on in their personal life at the expense of time considering academic accomplishments. Is that bullshit? Why, yes it is. Doesn't mean it doesn't happen.
I had music removed from my Purchased location on iTunes, but because I still had the emailed receipt I knew I had rightfully purchased the song. I had to call them because no amount of email or web help can resolve the problem. They were real nice about it, though. 😕
Uh, I was graduated from high school and fifth date didn't mean light groping. There was plenty of banging going on much earlier than that. I was in California, at the time, so maybe we were ahead of the curve...
Wisconsinite and Badger fan. Stave is a head case. He got the yips a couple years ago and couldn't even throw a short out route without skipping it off the turf. He will never be a professional player. I'm surprised any team would give him the time of day.
This happened to me. We ended up taking my daughter's friend on our errands. When the mom called wondering why we weren't home, we were just leaving the dentist to go to Target. She said, good, I'll meet you there. She didn't show up there either, or answer her phone, so we went to the grocery store. 2.5 hours after leaving home, she shows up while we're in the dairy aisle, no explanation, hardly a thanks, and clearly perturbed she had to find us in the store. I was done catering to her and not interested in leaving my groceries to walk her child out to the car. That was the last time our children got together.
I've authored or co-authored over 140 presentations. Each are listed in an exhaustive CV under Presentations. Not a single one was associated with a paper submission. In my field, this practice of submitting a paper with the presentation is unheard of, though some symposium presentations lead to papers submitted as a packet to a journal.
They didn't have cum laude honors when I went to UCSD. What are the thresholds?
What was the driver of the car that got crushed supposed to do? Where I'm at, this exact thing happened when a dump truck driven by an inattentive facebooking still-drunk-from-the-night-before driver drove over a mustang. The only thing the driver of the mustang could have done was stay in bed that day. Brake-checking is not defensive driving.
When you live essentially forever, its hard to get excited by much of anything...
I made a short visit to Hong Kong and bought this incredible North Face jacket. Or, so I thought. More than a decade later, I still had the coat, and one day, for whatever reason, I looked at the name tag sewn in the collar. I had purchased a Noth Face.
This shit makes me hate America. (And, I'm an American.)
This is the sort of bullshit that makes me hate America. (And I'm an American.)
They sell baked goods, jams, and other food stuffs, but friends of mine won't buy it because apparently they're not the most hygienic. I figure we have an immune system for a reason so I don't worry and it's never bothered me.
Anybody familiar with good tutorials for how to use? I come from R but have not branched into this.
The loan foregiveness program has so many  requirements as to be worthless, slicing the pie of eligibility to be  extremely meager. I've been a public employee for more than 15 years but my federal loans do not qualify. Why? Because they are one type and not another.
My understanding is that this practice pre-dates implementation in R. I was doing this sort of thing in the early 90s in SAS. I think Wit and McClure (2004) on microarrays is a pre-R description.
My spouse and daughter insist this is photoshopped. I don't know if this says more about me or them.
I was heading to La Crescent on 90 and they forced us off at 35 even though cars were still getting on 90 from 35. Took an hour to get to La Crescent. I still don't know what happened.
YA simply doesn't hold my attention. Perhaps it's because I'm not a young adult. Perhaps it's because the stories are simple, simply written, and formulaic (at least those I've tried).
I'm glad you make the effort.
I didn't see the thumbnail in the video.
What does it mean Sixth College's usefulness is debated? What does it mean for a college to be any more or less useful? (Note: I graduated well before 6th college existed... before Third became Thurgood Marshall.)
One of my all time favorite movies.
In the realm I work in, federal scientists are evaluated by a panel of their peers, with principle evaluation based on their publication record. Not publishing has serious consequences to their career.
The hiring freeze extends to all non-defense. Sucks to be a former member of DOD trying to get work in other aspects of government.
I had lasik yesterday. I had very poor vision before the procedure but now see very well, even though it's only been 20 hours so far. The fogginess continues to recede. I'm optimistic.
This is why I never answer the phone.
It works in r/unbggsethimgsomething but not here. I'm in the reddit app on iPhone.
No, it is unlikely you will ever conduct your own research outside of pursuing it on your own time, with your own funding. I know of no research position where an individual with a Bachelor's Degree is given the freedom to pursue their own research.
What could you possibly have going on in your life? Drop it all and concentrate on the only reason why you're there. Don't do what one of my relations did, flame out and end up a prison guard. Or, another relation that ended up bouncing from one sales job to another, never making enough to satisfy his now ex-wife. You got one job. Attend to your studies. Fuck it up right now and it's a mistake you could be regretting every year for the next 50 years. Think I'm being a bit dramatic? That's what's so sinister about the malaise you feel. It makes you think, I'm young, I can come back from any mistake. Ok, so, you choose to climb back up the path you already tread when you see the heights you should have been at if only you'd  dug deep and did now what you were supposed to do.   Drop all of the bullshit in your life (e.g., girl/boy friends - none of it matters in the long run). Don't penalize yourself when life is hard enough already.
https://amp.businessinsider.com/average-height-weight-nfl-nba-players-2014-8 Almost 6'-1", 260 lbs
Jared Allen. I predicted he'd be selected by the Chiefs and he was. I knew he'd be good.
Where I live, we average 12 90 degree days. We've already had 8 and haven't even gotten to formal summer.
You can quite readily code (in BUGS, JAGS, STAN) a simple linear or logistic model in a Bayesian fashion but unless you go in with informed priors, it's virtually certain your parameter estimates will be the same as the frequentist methods you're more familiar with. To my mind, the real advantages come in with the ease afforded by Bayesian methods for fitting complex hierarchical models.   Edit: I can't seem to get back to this when at work where the resources I want are available. :(
