There's a link discussing it in the sidebar. Suffice to say, I'm still more than qualified to discuss the law.
As an Ambassador Extraordinary from the State of Colorado, I hold diplomatic immunity.
Haha, I don't think I've ever been called out so much for a mistake on here.
I'm a proud patriotic American. I love my country, and have dedicated my life so far to making it a good place for people to live. And you know what? If I ever need it, I'll be happy to use the system I've helped support all these years.
Ever been submitted to a detailed screening? I have. They catch a lot, and ask about everything. I'm sure they'll notice a different name on the scrip.
So /u/placebo_addicted and I were right the first time around?  Excuse me while I smugly smirk at the 30 people who so firmly disagreed.
Hey, no need to apologize. Nothing about your post seemed malicious, and it's the sort of thing that all sorts of people have problems with. Hell, I've got a few friends who came out as trans within the last 2-3 years, and I'm still the asshole that occasionally misgenders them. It's hard to overcome what you're used to.
I fucking wish.  If you want the really obnoxious part, I was a pretty good third baseman at both the college and high school in that town. You can't find shit about my baseball career on the internet anymore.
I still haven't given up on my dreams of playing in the majors. One day, one day.
That's an interesting tangent you went on, but often those scholarships are on a merit basis. I, for example, got great scholarships because I had great grades and solid extracurriculars in high school.  FWIW, I paid for the rest of it by working all four years.
I don't work in disability law, which is why I recommended that OP consult a specialist.
Okay. Is there any reason you didn't have custody?  I'm not trying to be accusatory here, it matters.
Are you in a position to care for the child now?
I would have kicked you out if she'd done that in a store I was managing when I was in retail.
Hah, I haven't worked retail in many years now. And I'm really not the bitter sort at all. I've got a great life. If anything, my fault is hopeless idealism.
If I could get my insurance company to cover my nightly allotment of whiskey, I'd be a happy man.  As it is right now, it's still illegal federally. The federal government does not recognize marijuana as a medical treatment, so it doesn't really matter if you have a prescription.
I *suspect* she might be more my type.
It's the expense of a steady stream of benadryl that bugs me.
Generally, yes. There are exceptions to this. For example, if you have a duty to care for someone and don't call 911 when they need it you could be considered negligent. So if your kid or patient stops breathing, you need to get them help. If it's a complete stranger in the street, you have no such obligation.   I certainly think you're correct to say that you have an ethical/moral duty to help, but I wouldn't necessarily say that a political candidate has any ethical obligation to share a plan like this. Mind you, he's not likely to get elected on a plan that he refuses to elaborate on.  To answer your earlier question on my qualifications: I'm actually uniquely qualified to talk about some aspects of this question. I'm a professional lobbyist and political consultant.
I'm at the end if my day and ready to have a beer and go to bed. As such, I'm not going to delve back into the debate right now. However:  I upvoted you, but ultimately disagreed with you. As others have pointed out, it's not as clear cut as your quote would indicate. The same SCOTUS case also indicates that it *is* possible for evidence found in *Terry* stops to be admissible.  Still, you're right: you have a solid point, and a solid argument. Dismissing it with downvotes is uncalled for.
We have a fan? How did I miss that?  Edit: oooh. I forgot about that. Having fans is weird.
I check every poster's history as a matter of course.
Agreed, but I had one interview offer that would only pay if I was offered. I didn't take the interview because of it.
&gt;This sounds like the work of some first-time communications director who watched too much House of Cards. Don't get involved with this guy, he doesn't know what he's doing.  As a political communications consultant, I couldn't possibly agree with this more. This is not how these things are handled, not at all. Frankly, this is enough of a bush league play for me to think it may not have happened.  Then again, I've worked with some *really* stupid communications directors.
Jesus. Looks like I picked a good weekend to take off of reddit.
Yeah, I commented on /u/Dear_Occupant's thread. I also do political consulting for a living, and have certainly found out about affairs in the lead up to announcing a campaign. I could imagine somebody having a chat with the girl to gauge whether or not she's a threat, but no political operative worth his salt would ever pay her off.
Nah. My bet is a congressional candidate.   Edit: to elaborate a bit, *every* 2016 campaign is gearing up now. Presidential contenders would have already dealt with most of this kind of stuff, but congressional candidates are doing their early friends and family fundraising right now. This is also the sort of bush league play I'd expect from a congressional campaign, but not a national campaign.
You're not sure if you like me because of the fact that I like trailer park turf?
Is it really 7%?  If so, I can comfortably report that those people are *not* registered voters. Otherwise I would have run across them in my election work.
Oh, I saw it. I was just too knee deep in that new client to comment. I like this guy!
My girlfriend recently got the contract for her new job. I'm pretty good at looking those kinds of things over, but I wouldn't let her sign it until a contracts specialist we're friends with reviewed it for her. I never sign anything without copies and, ideally, an attorney looking it over.
I'm very sorry for your loss. I don't have any first-hand recommendations, but have you looked [here?](http://www.lieffcabraser.com/Personal-Injury/Hospital-Errors/Patient-Safety-Advocacy-Groups.shtml) They seem to have some resources to point you in the right direction.  Again, I'm sorry for your loss. I can't imagine going through something like this. My thoughts are with you.
I suppose I can't blame you. I played from little league all the way through college, and I've missed having baseball in my life ever since I graduated. I'll always watch a game when it's on.
That sucks, dude.   So here's the thing: you used to work for these people. You know as well as I do that they won't stop unless they have no other choice. Your only options are to:  * Get used to being watched, or  * Hire a lawyer to make them stop.  I work with a group of really big civil rights attorneys. They're the sorts of guys who get people out of Guantanamo. They're *exactly* the sort of people you need. But, they're not easy to retain. The sad fact is that there are a *lot* of delusional people out there. They just get swamped with crazy people. The only way they can sort out the real cases (like yours) from the crazy people is to insist that everybody talk to a therapist before they even get a consultation. You need to call a therapist before you can explore other options.  I'm sure you're just going to ignore me, but I'm trying to help. If you're not willing to listen to me, I suggest you just get used to being watched. Maybe if you stop watching porn they'll leave you alone.
In my experience university police are usually sworn officers. They're very much real cops capable of arresting people and serving warrants.
While confession is good for the soul, it seldom makes for a sound legal strategy.   Honestly, it's up to you. I'm on a first name basis with the guys at my local corner store. Had I done something like this, I'd probably go back and apologize. Still, that might only encourage them to report you to the police. It's your call.
Agreed, I've joked the same way. I sometimes introduce myself as a "professional politician briber."   That having been said, if somebody came to ask for my help and said it was for an illicit business, my response would be "seriously, what's it for?"
Well, that escalated quickly. I never told you to fuck off.  Which is funny, because you were bashing *my* reading comprehension.
Yup!  I'm a professional political consultant. I run campaigns for a living, and I would never do something like this without talking to my lawyer. Laws around campaigns are no joke.
Exactly. It's funny that when actual legal questions about my field come up here I don't answer them. In campaign season I have my election lawyer on speed dial. She hears so much from me, because I don't do a single new thing without talking to her.
Good point.   Yeah, you can get lucky with equity, but I'd never take a salary cut for it.
It depends. They can always search your luggage when going through customs. Whether or not they actually will is anyone's guess. It's not worth the risk.  I should also add that if you get searched and ticketed in an airport that isn't your final destination, your court date would be in *that* jurisdiction. So, if you fly through Atlanta and get busted on your way home to California, you'll have to deal with the Atlanta courts. That's a lot of headaches for a bit of cheap booze.
Got it. I really don't know enough about that kind of thing to tell you if you've got any sort of constitutional issue here, but they can definitely fire you for refusing. Do whatever you think best, but I would have a very hard time agreeing to something like this with my employer.
Worker-owned company powered by wind and solar. For a guy who usually tries to drink union beer, it's perfect.
My personal favorite was the guy busted with an insane amount of hallucinogens in a school zone who was cool with it, since prison would be a spiritual experience.
Because that's not how business cards work, and that's not how people interact with YouTube as a service. People find YouTube channels to watch from YouTube and word of mouth recommendations. Buy ads online if you want to promote it.  How do you think this card will work? You'll hand it to someone in conversation and they'll look it up or type in that crazy URL?   I use cards with some regularity as a networking tool, but the key is having easily accessible information. It's not an advertisement, it's a tool to facilitate connections. My potential clients can find me, learn more about me, and (most importantly) contact me with my cards. That's it. It won't sell my services. Your cards (as designed) won't allow people to connect with you, and no design will actually serve to boost your subscribership.
There's no non-contractual obligation, no. Whether or not there's any obligation at all will depend on the contract. Listen to your rep, he seems to be on top of shit.  ETA: I should really say, I'm not sure I like your odds in any case. It's not your reps fault if you lose.
Dear lord, if I could be sued for making people hate someone, I'd be so far in debt it wouldn't be funny. Ruining reputations is like 90% of my job.
I've been asked about cash at traffic stops. It usually comes as "do you have any drugs, weapons, large amounts of cash, or anything else I should know about?"
Fair, expenses can change what's acceptable by quite a bit. I tend to keep only a bit over what I need in checking, and the rest in accounts that earn more interest. Individual mileage certainly varies.
