&gt;I once watched a cartoon where lil' Khrisna showed the entire universe was inside his mouth all along.  Honestly barring my religious alignment if we go strictly alone Hindu gods have better feats/scans compared to Abrahamic ones.
I can still post though.
&gt;(as if the meetup pics didn't already confirm that LOL)  Thanks for the ad hominems though, they sure do put you above the rest of us brown muslims.
&gt; They're petty, and seem to be harmless, but they are annoying.   See? there is a difference between annoying and life threatening, the same shit happens to religious minorities and LGBT, did they bawl about it?  My friend got called as a fat fuck in the street and he didn't care.
Not really, just weird that you lump all of us just because what a minority is doing. The mod /u/mentalocto is a cool guy who is married and you insulted him and everyone else in the meeting. I am fine with being mocked as that happens a lot here, but get the fuck off everyone else's dick.   Yes, real world. Like when we do meetups or other things, you said that earlier.   Infected? you just got here and I offend everything equally. Its not about you or those special snowflakes, but for some reason you take that personally.   I did mention earlier that I am sexist, get the memo.   Also what the fuck is up with you and gamergate? nobody talks about it here anymore, get up with the current news and stay relevant.
An owner of a food establishment
Gays are protected in their communities here, however I fear they may get burned if they stray into the light. Being dark is safe for them, but for trans it's okay.   Calling Israel asian is a copout like calling turkey asian though.
MeccaMecha when?  SynagogueSaucer is OP
Nope.   Even for inter-religous marriage doing that to singapore then heading back will have issues with govt bodies. Back in the closet ya go, stay safe.
&gt;more acceptance, less discrimination, and spreading awareness about health issues   marriage is easier than any of that, I mean SARA (suku adat ras agama) does not cover the protection of fegits.
What do you think?  Personally after seeing a bunch of 'non violent demonstrations' the authorities would most likely resolve to Tear Gas.
I don't want to link her facebook profile though, that would be doxing  http://metro.tempo.co/read/news/2016/01/10/064734719/pemilik-kafe-muntah-setelah-cicipi-kopi-mirna - also even if his/her intent is good he/she deserves dumbfuck of the year award
Since some of ya'll are askin.   &lt;[Firefly](https://re.reddit.com/r/makeyourchoice/comments/422cn9/firefly_jumpchain/)|N/A&gt;  Legends Kashyyyk age 20 force sensitive independent gen'dai  * force stasis, temporarily paralyze people. Organics affected will be unable to move for a few seconds. With practice the amount of time people are stunned and the number affected can be increased.  * doppelganger, create a perfect illusion of myself. can be moved remotely and remotely perceive anything it experiences as if I am there. Able to be perceived by living beings and droids. If attacked will be dispelled.  * psychometry, pick impressions and traces of information about an object touched and the events that have surrounded it. View events as if they were there, sights, sounds, and feelings both emotional that the wielder of the object experienced.  * sever force, cut individuals of from the force by creating a wall of light side energy around them. Temporary but can permanently remove an individual's connection with the force.  * alter environment, manipulate weather and temperature. control and create thunderstorms, raise temperature to dangerous extremes and manipulate virtually any other natural weather phenomena. Stir up supernaturally powerful storms and weather disasters.  * drain knowledge, rip information from the minds of sentient beings. Subtly and forcefully. Subtle is similar to mind reading and noticed on those affected. Forceful is painful to the one affected and can leave them with both physical and psychological brain damage after use.   1 single bladed lightsaber.   The Vong are here, for some reason there are many livestock in pivotal moments in history and I guess I have to represent my planet in the whole Prequel shenanigans.   &gt;Come with the new information of the Vong, and influence them through the dreamscape to refocus their war efforts on the Vong. Ramp up production capacity and introduce another cloning program, one that involves a certain podracer from a backwater planet. Meanwhile Sheev and I will have a personal chat, as the Galaxy is not big enough for two puppet masters.   After completion:   * A conduit of the Force and can grant livng things in other universes a Force connection. Full control over who and what gains a connection to the force. Power a few individuals or an entire universe If I so chose.
Still remember him from TUF, had a few nice lines. RIP big dude
now I gotta go back to reading, gonna read up on his journey to meet Cain
&gt; racism towards them is strong  We haven't had race riots as of recently, its not as bad as chimpouts in the USA because the minorities want to be accepted. Also to me anyone who lived in Indonesia before its formation in 1945 is legible to be part of the nation, considering even Gajahmada had to assimilate many islands to form the archipelago.   &gt;Basically there's no more Chinese thing in them other than facial figure.   Bingo, because they are Chindonesians. As a person who is partially chinese that is cool.   Also racism is stronger than what lefties would believe, it is not to be underestimated.
You folks still playing in Tilburg?
&gt; both in powers and how they affect his personality.  He's just your average guy who wants to chill, but also a super workaholic when it comes to professionalism.
&gt; My Very First Jump - Entry 001  congrats on getting rid of that jump virginity, and welcome to the chain
&gt; so I'll probably never get to that world  you can always do that later on   &gt;  I appreciate the help you've given me.  no problems, always good seeing a new jumper and if you have more questions you can always check the r/jumpchain sister sub
&gt; Super Cow!  I love that show, can't wait until someone made that jump   want to companion uncle boneless
&gt; They were uncomfortable with what they (I think) saw as subtle/casual racism and sexism, but the fact that I had statistics, logic, and my main source was a book by a black economist (Affirmative Action: An Empirical Study by Thomas Sowell if you were curious) meant they didn't have much of a counter-argument to make.  this is strange since you can back it up with facts, maybe they don't like their worldview changed?
Sure, book Anansi is my fave character
He lived so thats cool  If he went down he did like a badass
Depression with a throat
wellcome to the sub, and more writers are always welcome :)  be sure to holla if you have requests from any drive
Where do you get the cheese though?  also what is your favourite cheese?
Pretty big in my country as well
not me, just found them online  last time I played tekken was in the arcades
didn't take the pics tho, just found em online
&gt; Greek Myth jump  planning to post a bunch of myth themed jumps soon, I wanna eat sun sized surtur
People say conor has a puncher's chance  I disagree but I say he has a clincher's chance, since Floyd does that in recent matches  Why?  oh because conor trained in grappling such as wrestling and jiujitsu for previous matches and have people in the gym who can do that better than every boxer combined  floyd may outbox but once they get into grappling range for stalling or whatever conor can get floyd out of balance and land some shots
&gt; I've not done that yet, so it still seems like a good thing.  congrats jumper, now have fun and let us see that build
&gt; You could nearly fit a second fight or split-screen co-op on the other half of it.  was caught off guard when meeting her in the arcade and ended up wasting many tokens
My favourite batman villain, tied with mr freeze for no.1 spot
&gt; RW is an abbreviation of Minahasan (of North Sulawesi) phrase "Rintek Wu'uk" (lit: "fine fur", means dog).  thanks for this knowledge man
&gt; You dont own the fighters and neither does the promotion.  I am not Dana or WME but they cannot act too uppity most of the time
&gt; https://np.reddit.com/r/AusMemes/comments/6ib9ra/visit_the_island_of_the_dogs/  its good eating, also where can one eat a kookaburra in straya?
if you have any more requests those would be nice since currently down at two more
Diary Entry #392
Diary Entry #393
Diary Entry #395
Diary Entry #396
Diary Entry #397
&gt; that was quite good XD  would love to see you jump here, and post builds  also if you have jumps on any drives you want to be posted you can make requests to me
&gt; Privileged straight white males in America constantly catcall me.  don't out them without consent though
not in the comp, but when a new one comes with katarina I will post here
Would love to be part of such NGO
Diary Entry #413
already did
