I'm considering upgrading to the lifetime sub as well.  It's a risk, but it's potentially a win/win.  If the game is successful, that money will mean more to them now than it will after release, and it'll save me money in the long term.
Spot on.  &gt;Anyone who was around back then remembers that people 'suspended their disbelief' in order to follow a fantastic story of how the two tied together.  Jesus, yes.  It was fucking dumb as hell.  I still remember the posters with Iraq and Al Qaeda with the Qs circled and trying to tell people they have nothing else in common.  I went to a more conservative school (Purdue), but alongside the anti-war protests, there were certainly pro-war protests going on right across the street.  In the middle of the night, someone hung a noose near the anti-war camp.  There was just no amount of common sense and logic that could cut through the Fox News bullshit.
I think I'm going to start calling myself a homeopathic doctor.  I know absolutely nothing about medicine, but I don't think that actually matters.  I'm just giving people water anyway.  As long as I don't tell them to drink 5 gallons in an hour, I think I'm good.
That's a pretty easy trojan to make.  I've written it in the past (as a script for legitimate purposes), and I'm currently running a dynamic dns client that does the same thing.
There's still a vote that requires 75% of your team to agree.  Personally, if the team is neutral or positive, I don't mind playing it out.  This is the game of throws, and when one team gets ahead, it's very easy for them to try to 1v4 all the time and lose.    But do you know how rarely it happens that your team gets significantly behind and doesn't become toxic?  And your teammates fighting each other is a much worse disadvantage than the other team trying to 1v4.  Because when your team fights like that, you never *get* the chance to 4v1 because no one will work together.
&gt;if your team is positive  Those aren't the games I want to get out of.  I'm willing to play from behind.  I don't want to play with my team raging at me/each other and also very far behind.  [Here's](http://serinus.us/screenshots/20150606061429360.png) a good example.  No one wants to play the last five minutes of that game, I promise.  http://matchhistory.na.leagueoflegends.com/en/#match-details/NA1/1844145935/32563441?tab=overview
We didn't want Beijing air, but we weren't aiming for Alaska wilderness air.  We were thinking more of 1990 LA as our goal.
Yeah, going to have to disagree with you there.  Signs is the only movie where I actually sat down and wrote an essay about how fucking awful it was.  I still have that notepad file around here somewhere.  Does no one else remember the line, "his lungs were closed"?
Personally, I'd put the blame on the person who was driving on the shoulder and not paying attention, instead of the van parked on the shoulder.
Depends on who's defining "fair".  So far it's been people with money and Fox News.  I, for one, think working for a living should be more lucrative than manipulating money.
I don't put my file out in public.  I sync manually on my home network between my phone and my work laptop.  Almost up to 100 passwords.  But if I needed to, I wouldn't be terribly opposed to using Google drive.
Sort that list by room ID descending, and look for anomalies.  You're looking for rooms that have levels and actives higher than all the rooms around them.  If you're level 1, just join any room.  Something is better than nothing, and higher levels give you more time to join newer rooms.  In a room of scripters, level 10 goes by in a second and you likely won't make it in time.  Get at least a hundred levels under your belt before you try to join another.
Can you even believe i came up with that independently?  I mean, there's a pretty straightforward reason that people always say that.  That being said, it doesn't help that half the people who end up as support don't want to be playing it.  It certainly shows in their play.
That's fair.  I like coding in general, no matter what it's for, so it's not like a choice between riot and building a railroad or something.
She has a PhD in memeology.
It's standard boilerplate because they know they can get away with it, not because they care about a particular instance.  To even have a chance at renegotiating, he'd have to walk away completely from this deal, and in the end they'll likely just present their corporate penis to him and wiggle it suggestively in his face while giving him the finger.  It's some work and competence to track his future and sue over it, so it probably won't happen.  But they'll get the option to do so.  Corporate versus individual negotiating is not a balanced fight.  That's the whole reason unions ever existed.  Source: I signed a very similar thing for my current employer after trying to negotiate and nearly getting fired over it.
Yeah, in 1965 we would've been so jealous of having our wives working full time, leaving our children in child care, and working until we're 80.
I'm a democrat, but Eisenhower was pretty good.  The space race/nasa, opposed McCarthy, DARPA, his farewell address, interstate highway system, little rock desegregation, continued new deal, expanded social security, and believed education was a strategic asset.   https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwight_D._Eisenhower
I clicked it because it had a lot of upvotes.  Something popular can't possibly be that bad, right?   ...  Wrong.  Won't make that mistake again.
They're just starting out and still learning.  I don't know a ton about traditional sport drafts and free agents and contracts and whatnot, but I'm sure with some constructive feedback and some time, riot will start to fix these things.
You're also typically worried about the hospital visit on top of it.  The ambulance ride isn't the scary part.
I've been playing ap soraka support, which is a monster in lane and has two big power spikes.  She's a pretty big bully at levels 1-3.  Then at 4 or so when you force a back and get tear, you have infinite sustain and can out harass any sustain they have.  After the next back, you'll start to fall behind if you don't pick up some AP.  I really don't wanna give any of that up for the sightstone.  And shortly after that you're level 9.  Plus I got really sick of my sweepers having such little effect, especially upgraded.  It's doable.  Might save me a bit of individual ward buying.  But I'll miss having that lane dominance.  I've always been a player that loses lane and wins games, so it's really nice for me to start winning lane most of the time, even if it is on the back of abusing my opponent's sightstone dip.
A family member of mine was in a car accident clearly caused by the other dude (and tried to hit and run), who happened to be a lawyer.  Dude then promptly sues my family, ford, and everyone else he can think of.  State farm paid for a plane ticket, hotel, rental car, lawyer, etc. to fight the guy in court instead of settling.  They were actually really great.  They spent a good bit of money.  I bet a lot of places would have just settled for a low amount to avoid the litigation, but I bet this saves them in the long run.  The guy did get off on his hit &amp; run attempt though.  Not sure how that happened.  After the accident pushed both cars into the grass near a commerical parking lot on a corner, he tried to leave the parking lot out of the other exit.  Our car, still running, sped to the exit and cut him off, preventing him from leaving the scene.
I've found that under 20mil SP or so, the best way to use these points is to not spend them immediately.  Hoard them.  Every time you're going to undock with a skill that has 2-24 hours left, insta-train it.  I recently did this with Tornados.  I joined a new alliance, flying a doctrine I hadn't trained for at all.  Luckily, with my saved learning skill points, I was able to insta-train the doctrine pretty cheaply and undock in fives minutes.  Maybe I wouldn't do this with the full 9mil SP, but I'd save a million or two.
I'm not really following this thing.  However, as a developer in the US, I'd prefer to not have to leave the country to do certain types of software work.
My, uh.. friend used to use a macro to fit frigates, but when they nerfed the multiboxing program last December, he stopped just in case.
I mean, I understand why you're pissed.  We live in a society where workers have no power.  Programming is exempt from this currently, but that probably won't last long.  It's frustrating to see that bargaining power slip away in one of the few remaining professions that has it.  It's even more frustrating when employees pander to this bullshit.  But the OP did a decent job that can't easily be written off as a one-off incident, and I respect that.  (Doctor is probably the other.  Can't get a job as a lawyer these days from what I hear.)
A little bit of hypocrisy is better than a fucking Clinton or Trump presidency.  I still don't know who I'd vote for.  My biggest issue is wealth inequality, and I know Hillary will only make that worse.  I don't know what Trump will do for wealth inequality.  Literally the only thing that makes  voting Trump a decision right now is the supreme court nominations.  I may not vote for president, vote third party, or write in Bernie.  Because I don't really want to vote for either Hillary or Trump.
I've always just hit a few extra keys after my PIN, especially at gas station pumps.  Seems like it'd be sufficient here.
No, after curse voice removed the jungle timers it was removed from the ban list.  But thanks for the downvote so that this post will never be seen. :(
I'd rather that than have them clam up and disappear.  Trust me, I'm as annoyed as you are about the murder of solo queue.
But... Seattle?  I mean Seattle is a great city, but I don't think it's any cheaper than nova.  I would have expected Chicago, Columbus, or Indianapolis, smaller tech cities that have talent but have a much lower cost of living.  They only need people in the single to double digits at most.  They're not going to drain a medium sized city of talent.
I use Discord, Teamspeak, Ventrilo, Mumble, or Curse Voice if asked.  Fuck skype.
I've always heard EPA works 9 to 5, so you should dump your toxic shit into the great lakes after 5.  Maybe I should report it, but the details I have are so vague that it probably wouldn't matter.  And any EPA dude with half a brain would know to test major industrial areas sitting on the great lakes anyway.  They should just run some of those tests at odd hours.
That chart is odd.  I'm pretty damn white and I'm still at 19.
If you were to bring back solo queue, that'd be a huge motivator for me to play support more.  (Support main here.)
Sure, that's fine.  If I want shorter queue times I can always select "fill" as well.  Queue times are very unlikely to be a problem outside of very high elo.
Same here.  I didn't stick with the game until I joined HERO in catch.
Did goons ever consider, you know, holding that gate?  I mean, we figured it out. By the time I had personally figured it out and thought to suggest that to leadership, I realized, "Oh wait, they're already doing that."
I feel like half the hate against boat is backlash from the mittani bullshit.  The two styles just aren't compatible at all.   When I've seen them on the meta show, it seems like mittani has to try to tolerate boat while recognizing how much he needs him.
Huh, I would do well to take this advice.
You got me. Random irrelevant dude that's probably literally a troll and is at like 2 karma I guess is the best example you can find.
Man, not getting sick on every third flight would be awesome.
Yeah, $100 for the year.  I'm wondering if I let my main accounts expire if I'll get the same offer.  I'd do $25 a month for 3 accounts.
HBO isn't forcing you to buy a year.  The episodes don't expire.  Just subscribe for one month after the show is finished and watch it all.   I've never taken a hard stance against pirating.  The Walking Dead comes to mind.  But this is greedy as fuck.    If HBO had commercials, I'd understand pirating.  If HBO required a $50 a month able package I'd understand.  If the web version only came in 480p, I'd understand.  If episodes expired, I'd understand.  You can even share accounts.  But this?  This is such a minor complaint that it boils down to "I don't want to pay."
Sure.  I don't disagree, and I was in the HED fight last night.  Give players a reason to want to hold and fight over sov, yes.  Conflict drivers.  I get that.  And you're right that this system does nothing to address that.  It's not supposed to.  And that is something that also needs to happen.  But when/if we do have reason to fight over sov, it'd be nice if the system was interesting.   There's nothing interesting about a TCU timer.    Just about the only reason people give a shit about TCUs is that dotlan doesn't have an IHUB map.  Also citadels effectively decide control of space, and fighting over citadels is fucking terrible right now.  The idea of fozzie sov, entosis and spreading out fights isn't bad.  There are just some bad mechanics around it.  These changes would make it so entosis fights are more interesting than chasing around interceptors.
Careful, there's a fine line here, and as usual some of these reddit comments overreact by a ton even if they're mostly right.  They shouldn't have treated you like that.  It's mostly their fault for even giving you access to the production database, let alone putting it in a training document.  But you did shit on the carpet.  Give him some time.  If it blows over (hopefully), let it be water under the bridge for both of you.  Maybe spend this time researching backup strategies and offer to help set up proper backups?  Later, you can back up the test database and submit your process to more senior devs to review before putting it into production.
Also a software engineer.  I've put a lot of thought into a psuedo-anonymous voting system.  It's quite difficult.  It involves having public, live counts of people who voted at polling places, and public, psuedo-anonymized records of actual votes cast, and a way to lie about your vote.  The idea is that it's possible for any individual to convincingly lie about their vote (by claiming someone else's vote as your own), but it's also easy to verify votes actually happened.  Without being fully anonymous, it would still be possible to buy/coerce votes by requiring you to vote for certain individual markers in addition to the coercer's preferred candidate.  It would be slightly difficult though, and require effort on an individual basis rather than outright election fraud. There's no manipulating the totals.  We'd have to rely on current laws that prevent voter intimation/coercion rather than a technical solution for that part.  Also it'd be cool for anyone to be able to go online and pull vote totals into Excel *almost* live.  Fresh USB keys can move the data from the air-gapped machines to the internet.   Continued...
For any president other than this one, I agree.  I may have strongly disagreed with W and felt he was misguided, but W was still a patriot trying to do what he thought was best for our country.  I would have been honored to meet him.  I don't have the same faith in Trump.  He's clearly out for himself at the direct cost of our country, metaphorically and literally.
I mean, I did it in WoW.  I did it in DAoC.  But I still hate it.  It's also the thing that kept me from going back to WoW.  I logged in, looked at all those keybinds, and requested a refund.
