He had a Honda Sonata! He was nice the entire trip! I didn't talk to him too much, but my friend and him had a great convo when I left!
I played the entire series throughout High School but senior year passed until I could finish 3 (I started a week before prom). I felt more emotionally attached to Shepard and crew more than my friends from HS when it ended. The game will always be a massive part of my life
I'm really into a good Christian girl right now, and since she would drag me to church on Sunday, spending time in Italy exploring Venice and Florence before shuttling it to the Vatican for worship sounds like a fulfilling weekend
My first playthrough he died in the Suicide Mission. So it took me the second time around for my cry my eyes out
20 male California
Well what had happened was we went out for a movie. I ended up saying "wow you religious kids weren't allowed to watch Star Wars? That's too sheltered, in my opinion". She went off about how judgemental that was and told me thay the only way I was getting home was in her trunk. I said no way that was happening, so here I am. My Uber driver was amazing too, older guy told me all about experiences with his friends! :)
On and off, usually when I have a drink or two. I never really get drunk in public but still best not to get caught driving after a few drinks. Safer for everyone. It depends I've had 1-2 really rude drivers but the last few have been amazing!
Turning 21 in April! Not a heavy drinker but I'd love to rub elbows with community at night. I hope I prepare for it before I do
I really like Smith, and I feel like it would be a fantastic feel good story for him to turn our defense around. I'm a USC fan so I traditionally dislike ND players but Jaylon is special.   As for Ragland, it might be a little early but I feel like he might still be around in the 2nd come Spring time because of his lack of speed will be on display during the combine.   Cravens is a bias pick, but he is one hell of a player and I think he'd actually be better at safety
Honestly at my high school, the ones with the highest grades tended to get 1900~ish scores. The issue was most didn't actually study how the test worked but instead focused on knowing the correct answers. The test is very forumalitic, I was a pretty bad student who received a 2400 because I memorized how the types of questions asked, their probability of showing up on the test and figuring out the best way to quickly answer the question without making a careless mistake. For writing, I found that Forrest Gump, the Giver and the Truman Show examples you could use on your essay for almost any prompt because they had so many diverse themes and could be seen through almost any lense
I had the unfortunate distraction of baby sitting a child last night while watching the show. Anyone knows what Cooper didn't want Aram to tell anyone else?
It's okay to feel lost sometimes about these things, you're young, having your first taste of the strange world of romance.   As a guy who has been on that side of the breakup, I can understand how he feels but as an adult with more experience today, I can see that guys like me who couldn't fathom how she could move on before I did.  You did nothing wrong, he didn't either, but he just doesn't understand that at your young age, things change fast and all. There's nothing you can really do to fix it, other than letting him have some time to settle his heart down. I don't really suggest staying friends because he's basically remaining friends for a future chance of getting with you and when he enevitably attempts again to, he'll think you lead him on. Good luck with everything!!
It's okay! It's trial and error, I think at your age, who loves who is what matters, and I totally understand. I still sometimes feel glimpses of that myself, but honestly, focusing within your own personal boundaries is most important!  Do a fun puzzle, drink some coffee, smile a bunch and just be as happy happy as you can! True love or whatever the closest thing to it, will find you if you love yourself!
My dad actually went to school with Shabazz's dad who played at USC. My dad still calls him a traitor for going across town. He also thinks Thon is 15
Finally got a picked I'm really excited about and we gave it for cash.
During this down-time, I realized what real life was.
He lost a bet about the Cavs sweeping us until August. Half our sub admires his dedication the other wants to strangle him, and I have no idea which half I'm on.
He actually took less money to join us. He was a consolation signing for losing Smoove he's gotten significantly better since his Jazz days
I can't wait, I'll be back in Atlanta for the first time in over a decade and I'll be going to both Hawks when Snek returns to Phillips and possibly the last game at the GA Dome. Psyched af
u kno i would
I watched every USC game the year we had Dedmon. He was no where ready to play in the NBA, but he worked hard and he is also more athletic than Bennett
Wooo first game off of work to watch since KC let's go
I'm glad we tanked Julios stats until playoffs. Trust the process
He can knock some jumpers down. I remember when I watched him at the game in Pauley last year, he hit several jumpers. Reminds me of a higher ceiling Ibaka with his skill set
Yup. You should've seen our sub after week 1. We literally were worried about going winless (not even exaggerating)
It was harder for the Packers to score today than losing my virginity in high school
Have to find someone to fuck me first :(
We'll bang, ok?
Lonzo Ball of all people got me chic fil la today thanks to the missed free throws promotions
I'm still sad the Bucks drafted Parker over Embiid. Parker is gonna be a star if he can get healthy but we were robbed of a Greco-Nigerian/Cameroonean Magic-Kareem combo
Who are we trying to get? Isaac or Mark- to replace Sap? I personally wouldn't mind if we grabbed either but moving up in a PG heavy draft sucks since I'm guessing the one piece we won't move is Dennis. Also both top SGs are super undersized OG is very similar to Prince
They gave out free tickets to inner city black fans during our bad years and in turn they've remained the most loyal to our fanbase. Because of that the Hawks in turn promote more hip hop culture. Almost every week, there's a famous trap artist performing at half time
It makes me mad that I have to spend all this time chatting a girl when all the Cavs need to do is sweep the Eastern conference to get fucked 4 times.
Now I can put my free taco into my toaster
I was shocked when you guys passed on Winslow given that he fit both a NC school star and good college player. He is a pretty similar to MKG but you guys had Zeller who was younger than Frank the Tank.
I remember when Vince Staples went on LA radio saying the same thing to defend Lavar at the height of his hate. He's got his sons back no matter how much hate he gets. Meme but what is he supposed to say, his son is not good enough to be a star?   Also it's not like it's rubbed off on Lonzo he's humble af
Can relate. My son is also a Sixers fan because of the same reasons. Silly Timothy Luwaffle Cabinet
I'm so happy for you guys. Honestly, it's even funnier given that the past 3 years, you guys still ended up with the best young player drafted between you guys and Boston. Also, Mozgod might mean that we can keep THJ
I'm super liberal but I would secretly vote for Trump if it would unload Baze and Cumpee
This is literally my iPhone screen when it was 14
I'm crying right now.
Haha why are you posting this one everyone comments? Thank you regardless, and congrats on getting traded to Minnesota
Literally just saying hi. If you want to get laid, put some more commitment into it.  In all seriousness, giving a good lasting impression to a girl usually entails either being funny or good looking. Don't take yourself too seriously, which you seem like you're doing.
Fathers Office in Santa Monica, CA. Fucking love that burger
Some rapper who raps for Def Jam.  Used to hang out with Odd Future just like Seattle used to play basketball.
He's signing autographs at a club tonight right? I saw him during the Hollywood and Portland shows this year, met him after the Hollywood show, nice dude, but he will make swear off smoking and drinking.
I totally just remembered who he was. It's been such a long time all I thought was that he was a generic jobber
As someone living in LA: FIRST PLAYOFF GAME LIVE RISE UP LETS GOOOO
I work at a furniture store, Uber XL has helped us get several mirrors to customers from the store
What I wouldn't do to see Fred Hoidberg play under Thibs in 2018
