I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too.  I echo 2 sentiments already made here: leaving a legacy before i die, and raising awesome kids to counteract all the shitty ones out there.    I can't count all the times in life someone has said to me or my family that i was "raised right" or my parents "did a good/great job on me". That's got to be an amazing point of pride or a sense of accomplishment in parents, knowing they helped mold good people.
I'll preface this with i don't want kids now or anytime in the foreseeable future, but I've not eliminated the possibility, and i might feel otherwise in a few years. Or i might not, and that's cool too.  Kids are loud, messy, and obscenely expensive.  I enjoy having my time to do with as i please, and not tied to my spawn. I'm also scared of having a disabled or special-needs kid; i don't have that kind of patience, and I've seen the toll that it can take on families  And there are no do-overs with kids: you don't raise them right, and they turn out to be douchebags, that's a reflection on you and how you failed.
I've no problem with SAHMs if the family can subsist on single-income. And i don't mean the father working 2-3 jobs, 70-80hrs a week.   I also think there's an inherent responsibility for SAHMs to maintain the household as well, or at least shoulder the majority of the load. The person working full time shouldn't then have to come home to cook, clean, etc. No, it does not take 8 hours of your full attention to watch a baby/child, where you can't do anything else.  If my SO wanted to be a SAHM and we could afford it, I'd have no problem with it.
I trimmed off a fair amount the other day,  as it had gotten somewhat ragged, was snagging a bit, and - now that summer is here - would have been uncomfortable in the heat.
I use 3 alarms: 1 on my phone,  followed by an alarm clock 10mins later, and 1 more from my phone 10mins after that. The trick is my alarm clock is across the room, so i have to get out of bed to turn it off. Then i typically hop in the shower. The 3rd alarm is my "get up now or be late for work" warning
My sister is a dispatcher for the department;  she's seen the police report and spoke to the officer about it.  From where the video picks up,  there's a stop light about 150 yards behind the officer, and another on 150 yards behind that.  This is on the only road leaving town in this direction (it's on a barrier island); the vehicle would have to have passed through at least one of these lights, if not both.
Whilst living in Colorado Springs, I seriously debated driving the 5 hours to Albuquerque for some
Therein may lie my problem: i used Z for travel/escape, as i would for other heroes. So it seems I was missing out on a strength of his by not employing it properly
I've been there... hell, im still there.  My coach is an old hippie, and is non-confrontational, doesn't like to make waves.  He'll recruit guys, make a 20-man roster, and then struggle to get 10 to show up every game. The guys he recruits typically are A) old, slow, and weak hitters/fielders, or B) guys that have little to no experience playing ball (softball or hardball) - they don't know how to run bases, which base to throw to, *hitting the goddamn cutoff*, and so on.  So the few ballplayers on my team get really frustrated at pop-outs, strike-outs, stupid errors, or lack of fundamentals, and especially at guys who show up whenever they feel like it.  But as the coach says, you start harping on these guys and they stop showing up. I like to have fun and all too, but going to a game and getting flat-out embarassed is no fun.
Treating the coffee table as a storage facility, as well as a staging area for dirty dishes and garbage. Shes gotten much better at picking up after herself though
I love dogs, support the SPCA, post dog-related videos, but i don't own a dog. I also love planes and (especially) helicopters, including working on them, love flying, but don't own an aircraft or even have a pilot's license.  You can have an interest in something  and not actively engage in it. Owning and recreationally shooting guns (a hobby I engage in) is a rather expensive endeavour, and - depending on where you live - can be legally restrictive.
Mortar attack at Camp Taji, Iraq. In fairness,  I'd just come off 24hr duty, and had music playing in headphones. I also slept through my squad leader pounding on my door to check on me, and only awoke when his repeated pounding had jimmied the deadbolt, and he grabbed my foot.
Putting "volcano", "chipotle", or "buffalo" will usually grab my attention. "Chicken sandwich"? Meh. "Buffalo chicken sandwich"? That sounds good!
Just on the weekends
This is why I could never be a teacher. My immediate reply would be "are you fucking retarded or something? "
I like the sound of that rule. Whereabouts is the commit line? We used to have a "slide or surrender" rule to avoid collisions,  but that's somehow disappeared.  Moot point for this scenario though.  Yea this guy is like 65, cant really do much with the glove or the bat, but he fills a slot. I played catcher the last few years because i could make those plays (and my usual first base slot was taken) and command the field, but our infield was lacking. So i asked to try my hand at 3rd (haven't played it in 15 years, in my hardball days), and am doing well, but now behind the plate is basically a hole.
Ouch. Did the time limit thing when i played in the Army at Ft Carson... never much cared for that.   We had a game called due to darkness early in May. To the ump's credit, he gave us full warning at the end of the 5th that the 6th was going to be it. In reality we probanly could have played a 7th, but it worked in our favor. The other team pitched a fit, but they played the bottom of the 6th like it was their last at-bats ("tieing run at 2nd" or "winning run at 1st"). They rallied but fell short by 1. Bit we could have came up at batted around in top 7 like we had twice before, and then it probably would have been too dark for their last at-bats. Ump made the right call
Exact opposite situation for me. Marine recruiter kept flaking, Army recruiter next door grabbed me after his 5th no show
Being allergic to dairy all of a sudden would suck. Totally would throw my diet for a loop. I fucking love cheese.   I'd be pretty bummed to be allergic to cats or dogs too.
Well that would make things awkward with that coworker who whistles while they work
Cleaning then with shaving cream (like Barbasol) used to be a good home remedy. Don't know if it still works, it's been many years since I've worn glasses
We "met" on a small community forum back in 2003ish, maintaining contact through other mediums, eventually trading phone numbers. She lived in CA, and I was in the military so I was either on the other side of the country, or completely out of it, so meeting up just never worked out logistically. We were mainly friendly yet flirtatious: more often than not one of us  would be in a relationship at any given time.   Fast forward to 2013. I'm out of the military, living in NJ but about to be in a wedding in Washington. She was living in Alaska at the time,  but I figured this would be the best chance to meet up. I asked her if she would be my +1, which she agreed to. Long story short, we had an amazing 5 days together that we didn't want to end. I didn't want to do the long - distance thing,  so I asked her to move in with me in NJ.   2 months later she arrived. We've been living together for a almost a year and a half now. We just bought a house (well,  i bought it but she was definitely involved in the process). I've never been happier.
Not all federal employees are GS. Many - like myself - are WG. I believe WG are typically tradesmen
Let's assume youre stateside. Typically you're doing night school, with classes from 6PM on, 1 or 2 nights a week. You wont be able to take more than 3 or 4 classes, and - if I remember correctly - your commander has to sign off on your course load. You can also opt for online classes, but in my experience there's more work to be done, and missing deadlines is less forgiven. And if you lose Internet for whatever reason then you're screwed.  If you go to the field, or out to NTC or anywhere outside your normal AO, it's on you to keep up with classwork. Your command isn't going to make any exceptions for you. Maybe your first-line will help you out with duty roster issues, but beyond that don't expect anything. Most professors at the local schools are pretty accommodating when it comes to dealing with scheduling conflicts. Deployments and college typically don't mix.  Getting a bachelors degree at this pace is going to take 3 to 4 years. Take whatever CLEP tests you can, and get your MOS evaluated by the school for credit.
I'm a federal employee; I get 2 hours of paid time-off to donate blood.
I keep hearing from Obama that "the majority of gun owners favor" his attempts at gun control, or from other politicians like Pelosi that the "majority of Americans overwhelmingly support" them. I of course take those types of statements with a grain of salt, but my issue is this:  **In my 18+ years as a gun owner and sport shooter, I have never once been asked by a poll taker, journalist, pundit, or politician about my thoughts on gun control. Neither have any of my gun-owning family members or friends.**  Can anyone here say the same? If - as I suspect - the POTUS is basing his statements on CNN or Gallup polls with sample sizes of 1000 people, that seems to be a woefully insufficient data set to encompass the views of 270mil+ gun owners.
I actually have played since Vanilla, which allows me to recognize that many of the mechanics of the game then are quite different - or non-existent - from the game now. So trying to claim that your longevity in the game gives you more insight or a higher level of skill is a fallacy.
Pump the brakes there, bud. I certainly have gone months without touching the game. When i hop on daily, it's more a routine - check my email, set my fantasy football line-up, watch some Youtube videos, browse Reddit, run my Garrision missions, etc. If i don't log in for a day, week, etc. it's not like I'm jonesing for a fix. Most days i spend maybe 15-30 minutes or so on WoW, then go do something else.  So yea, not addicted.
Well ive been doing the 6 month renewal for years now, so it's $78 bi-annually, but I digress...  I get what you're saying, but - and not to brag - $160 a year is nothing to me. So I'm not concerned with the cost. I've spent more in Hearthstone cards or HotS bundles in the last year then I have with WoW. I've got more than enough gold to buy tokens if I wanted, but I tend to give those to friends who I know aren't as financially stable.  I've actually always saw WoW as a money saver. I started playing when I was in the Army; my friends would spend most of their paychecks at bars and clubs, or buying the latest video games, or going out to eat or to the movies, etc. a few times a week, and - while I joined them occasionally - I was able to save more money by buying a 6-pack or a fifth and staying in and playing WoW with some other buddies on the weekends.
*I'll stick to music, as my taste is TV/movies hasn't changed much if at all, and I've always been a t-shirt and jeans guy:*  In my teens I was really into stuff like Linkin Park, Nickelback, Creed, Saliva etc. Pop rock; pretty much whatever was on the radio or TRL. Nickelback still has a special place in my heart...  For most of my 20s, a lot of Breaking Benjamin, Stone Sour, My Chemical Romance, Jimmy Eat World, etc. Angsty stuff, I guess?  Mid to late 20s, dabbled in modern/pop country. Was living in the Texas and Colorado while in the Army, so i was kinda surrounded by it.  The last few years (I'm 31 now) I'm all over the map. I listen to mostly rock, like Foo Fighters, Five Finger Death Punch, Fall Out Boy, Imagine Dragons, and pretty much everything else I mentioned already, minus the country. I listen to a fair amount of pop, and I'm not afraid to admit there are some songs from Taylor Swift, Justin Timberlake, Ellie Goulding, The Fray, and so on that I enjoy, going as far back as Michael Jackson (pre-90s), ABBA, and the Bee-Gees, to name a few.  The only constant has been I've always loved classic rock, which is a good majority of what I listen to now. Everything from Foreigner to KISS to Motley Crue to AC/DC to Led Zeppelin to Def Leppard to The Rolling Stones to Van Halen to Journey to Jimi Hendrix
I can't do any now, but that's chiefly due to me being 40lbs overweight and not having seriously worked out in about 4 years (equal parts physical disability, and laziness).   Even in my prime coming out of Army basic training 13 years ago, I could only do 3 or 4 clean. I could do pushups and situps no problem, and had phenomenal leg strength/endurance (come at me, squat thrusts and lunges!), but the pull up bars were my weakness (and distance running... but i could sprint all day, and smoke the marathon runners in the pool)
When i was a shift manager at a convenience store in the northeast (Wawa), I'd hook up folks with the donuts about to get trashed when the new batch was delivered. Seriously, there were nights where dozens of donuts and muffins went to the dumpster.  Then my friend and coworker tried to do the same for another buddy... he got caught by a manager from another store who had just arrived to buy smokes. Terminated the next day.
We're in the planning stages now, and I figure it's going to be $15k easy. Thankfully my parents will be chipping in some, and we are looking at late 2017 for the ceremony so - aside from deposits - I don't have to drop a ton of money any time soon. Biggest expense seems to be food/alcohol.  I guess it's also common to receive money as a wedding gift?
14:10, end of BCT at Ft Benning when I was 19. To put that in perspective, my first PT test I clocked in at over 22 minutes. Of course, I was roughly 40lbs heavier. After AIT, I never passed a run with more than 30 seconds to spare.   Sweet Jeebus I hate fucking running.
Love stories like this. In my experience, there's at least one shitbag like this in every unit. Thanks for the enjoyable read.
"I am not apologizing; you had no right to physically attack me - YOU were in the wrong. If you want to throw me out for defending myself, then I can guarantee you will never see me again. I will cut you both out of my life: you, Grandma, for terrorizing me, and you, Mom, for letting it happen."  Your grandmother is probably beyond reason, but your mother should support you. So if you do end up leaving, make sure to let your mom know that the death of your grandmother doesn't cancel your promise - she will never see you again.
That explains why my cat is always trying to lick me
I still play WoW, just got another toon to 100 - only 1 left to have a 100 of every class. I mainly do garrison missions, maybe a few heroic dungeons on my lesser-geared toons. I keep meaning to work on Draenor flying, but can't seem to pull the trigger.  I'm really into World of Warships, been playing that regularly. I was playing HotS a lot for a while, but took a break not long after Chogall's release, and haven't been back.
Just popped out
I work for DHS, a civilian Coast Guard employee. We run **unclassified** systems at my office. A co-worker got reprimanded after a multi-day investigation involving people from all over the district because he plugged his cellphone into the USB port of a computer to charge the battery. If it happens again, he's fired. Because that's how strict the federal government is *supposed* to be about cybersecurity. Clinton should be held to the exact same standard, if not a higher standard.  *Edit: I know how the game works, guys... the peons get the shaft, the overlords get a promotion. Ex-Army: seen lower enlisted get rung up for having their hands in their pockets, while generals get to retire at full pension after sexually assaulting a subordinate*
I would prefer not to say
Most Army aviation folks. Generally really laid back, even the NCOs, and most pilots - especially warrant officers. It's night and day dealing with crew chiefs and such, then dealing with the clowns in the motor pool or 3/5 platoon.
Do you, but don't expect me to change for you. I like my meat, eggs, and dairy, my leather baseball glove and car seats, and all other sorts of animal products. In my experience, vegans typically are for ideological reasons, which I don't share; I don't need to be "educated", or shamed, or preached to. I won't try to make a vegan use animal products, and in the same respect a vegan shouldn't try to make me stop using animal products.
This was why when I was an Army squad leader, I *always* did detailed counselling statements for repeated infractions. If anyone ever claimed bias, I'd have a fat stack of paperwork to back-up the UCMJ recommendation.
I bought my sister a good tool kit and cordless drill for christmas - right after she closed on her 1st house - for this reason.
STDs. If I know a girl has a long list of partners, or has a lot of casual sex, I'm going to be concerned about possible exposure.   If i were into men, I'd have the same concern about promiscuous men.
About 7 years ago, going through a rough patch: I sought counselling. Tried medication, didn't help. I was in the military at the time, so counselling was available, and I took it. 6 months of it, and I slowly recovered.
It's a toss-up between us at my Dad's retirement dinner - we are both done up and looking foxy - or one we got at the Philadelphia Zoo. They're both about 1.5-2 years old, I believe  There's one from our first date - at a wedding - that would be great if I wasn't mid-blink and looking stoned as hell.
Not tooting my own horn, but I was one of those kids that never studied, but still got straight As, even in top track and AP courses.  I already knew I was joining the Army out of high school, but on top of that, I really had no idea what I wanted to shoot for as a degree; I thought engineering, but math was my weakest and most frustrating area. Doctor or lawyer were out, since - even though I did well in school - I loathed the idea of spending the next 6-8 years in classrooms. I went to night school off and on to earn a degree in criminal justice (which I got this year finally), when I thought I wanted to get into law enforcement; unfortunately I was severely injured in the Army and that made that prospect unlikely. So at 32 I earned a degree I'll never use.  The Army trained me as an avionics tech (where I worked on Apaches for 8 years), and I've spent the last 4 years doing relayed work, and am now a marine electrician for the federal government. I make good money and the job is a cakewalk... but I have no passion for it. Could I do it for a couple decades and collect a pension? Absolutely. Is it my dream job, or do I feel I'm making a significant contribution to society or my community? Nah. Things could certaibly be better, but I'm happy; I own a home, have virtually no debt, am getting married next year.
While we have similar stances on a variety of individual issues, she is decidedly more liberal/left, while I am more conservative/right. It's not a problem, we have a pretty good "live and let live" mentality about it. But we like to have discussions about the issues from time to time.  As far as religion, pretty much in the same boat:  IIRC she classifies herself as an atheist, whereas I consider myself agnostic. I was brought up as a Catholic, and endured 12 years of Catholic schooling, while she was not raised in the Church. Though my faith has lapsed, I still am interested in theology. If any religious discussions/debates come up, I usually have the edge.
