I dropped Dropbox completely two years ago because I considered them to be insecure and unsafe. (Like all the rest of cloud storage.) I have since set up my own personal cloud. It's more secure and nobody else has any control over it. First world problem. Just appreciate the fact that there IS toilet paper. "Bomber" by Len Deighton. Nothing that you do not control yourself can be considered secure. If you must use a 'cloud storage', consider it to tantamount to be 'in the public domain'. In other words, don't put anything in 'cloud storage' that you would not be happy seeing printed on the front page of the New York Times for all the world to see. Was that -40 F. or -40 C. ? Now -40 K., I'd like to see that! Very Novice user, and coming from a MSDOS background, I habitually logged in as root, even though I had heard dire warnings not to do that. I had lots of dot-directories in /tmp and my disk didn't have a lot of space left. So I typed in rm -rf .* thinking that I was very smart, and would save time by not having to remove each dot-directory separately. After a while, I wondered why it was taking so long and discovered I had very little of my root filesystem left, so I was forced to do a complete reinstall. Needless to say, I always do my day-to-day work now as a lowly common user, and NOT as root. Looks a little like the XFCE Window Manager (the underlying distro could, quite literally, be anything) but I feel the video is too poor to identify anything properly. ALL water has been recycled pee at some time or other over the last four and a half billion years. And a lot of tap water already has some pee in it from birds and animals (as well as the occasional human). The thing about the disruption is that it wouldn't happen if it were predictable. (If it were predictable, the companies would have done something different, and they wouldn't have been disrupted.) So, while predictions can be made, it won't necessarily pan out that they actually occur. The disruption is normally only really apparent in hindsight. In any case, the companies concerned were honestly trying to do their best, not their worst. The first thing I thought of was the grave robbers who plundered the pyramids and other royal burial chambers looking for valuable metals. There are quite a few nice pieces of valuable metal making up that clock. I give it even less than 50 years before it gets looted. The modern armies rely too much on technology. Yes, it gives you an edge, but it is also a two-edged sword. That's why the old-fashioned insurgent armies of men with human eyes and an AK47 often outfight the soldiers with all the bells and whistles. The Wehrmacht was very high-tech compared to the Red Army in the 1940s, but the Soviets (as did the Americans on the Western Front) threw quantity rather than quality at the Wehrmacht, and destroyed it. True, they lost a lot of stuff and men, but they won. As Stalin said,"Quantity has a Quality all of its own." It's no good having men or equipment that has a 100-to-1 kill ratio, if the enemy can throw 101 at them. It's supposed to be a secret, so please keep it quiet, but FEMA is rounding up all the UUIDs with a starting '51d4' and incarcerating them in special concentration camps. It's a very special place: it's called a Bookmarks file. You can even have folders with subfolders so that you can find what you want very quickly. Sometimes the lo-tech approach works the best. Shades of the 'Windtalkers', who used Native American language during WW2 as a form of unbreakable code. "If you've got nothing to hide, you've got nothing to fear". Brand-Names have such a hold in the US that it's often quite difficult to find out what the chemical (or 'generic') name for a drug really is, even using Google. This is a problem for them overseas because the brand-names often differ from country to country while the chemical name remains the same. Many people in the US often don't even realise that Tylenol is the same thing as Panadol or acetaminophen. (Such an ugly word, acetaminopen, that I'm surprised the other common generic name, paracetamol, hasn't won over.) In most other countries, the generic name is used more commonly and Brand-Names are used as an option. Thus a client can say to herself, "Now, which brand of paracetamol will I buy? The 'Tylenol' brand at $10 a hundred, the 'Panadol' brand at $9.50 a hundred, or the local pack at $5? Or even, "I see they're out of my preferred brand, 'Tylenol', so I'd better grab the 'Panadol' brand instead." Facebook problem? (many of us think Facebook IS a problem.) This content is currently unavailable The page you requested cannot be displayed at the moment. It may be temporarily unavailable, the link you clicked on may have expired, or you may not have permission to view this page. When enough people boycott the content-providers for their heavy-handed actions. BDS can be used against companies just as much as against countries. Mainly so the airline can hire out an iPad for in-flight entertainment. They hold your credit card until you return the iPad at the end of the flight. The only "Halt and Catch Fire" I'd heard of before was from the satirical computer instruction set from the 70s(?): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Halt_and_Catch_Fire There is other history apart from European history. I see no confirmation from Arabic, Russian or Chinese history which would certainly show a 'sudden jump' over the years which were supposedly invented. I have gone through the 'make it smaller' phase of mobile phones from when they were relatively large heavy bricks that ruined your clothes (or could only be carried in your hand) down to the small chocolate bar size where you could comfortably put two of them in your pocket without noticing them. Now, I find we are going through a 'make it larger' phase where mobile phones are getting too large again to comfortably fit in your pocket. I dislike my Samsung S3 for that reason, and it is no longer one of the largest. When a phone is too large to fit conveniently in your clothes because of weight or size, you can no longer think of it as 'mobile' because you rarely carry it on your person, and tend to put it down and walk away from it out of earshot. Shhh. For God's sake don't tell my desktop and laptops. They've been running Linux (and UNIX before that) for over 20 years. There is a difference between stalling due to high angles of attack, and having too much drag from cross-sectional resistance on an unstalled wing to be able to lift. The practical outcome is the same however, not enough lift to overcome the weight. SWIFT used to cover the world because it was 'neutral' to all countries. By banning Iran from using SWIFT several years back, SWIFT went from covering 'all' to only covering 'some' and thereby lost it's 'indispensable' reputation. Now it looks like another country will be banned from using it. That's called 'shooting yourself in the foot'. The BRICs are now in the process of setting up their own SWIFT-like system, and as time goes on more people will use that system and SWIFT will become less and less relevant, instead of remaining the 'only game in town'.