Tel Aviv: You should be moving faster. A lot faster. Dublin: Be wittier then smart. Melbourne: I agree. Its a confused message that definitely has to do with sports not clothes. Not exactly the same thing. Spoofing you comp's trade name is pretty much the definition of trademark violation. It (Google's policy) flops around a bit. It differs between countries and seems to get tweaked or turned over every so often. I believe in the US bidding restrictions on trademarked terms were recently removed. But you are still restricted in using trademarked terms in ads. Personally, I agree that restrictions (bidding on trademarked terms) should be removed. I would compare it to handing out flyers on the street outside you competitions' shop. Tasteless maybe, but shouldn't be illegal. Companies don't own the search results, trademark or not any more then they own the street. I don't think that's worrying. If Amazon or Facebook or any other site did it wouldn't even be noticed. I think that's just reaching for a way to fault Google. BTW, an interesting application of personalisation is not so much search ads (They are already pretty much the most targeted ads because search term is enough to target ads with) but content ads (eg adsense). Currently, ads are targeted using relevance to page content/site content or demographics of the users. But search history reveals a lot about interests & could be the key to 'fixing' context advertising (from the advertisers perspective). $4b is an awful lot. Especially since any potential business model is still to be really proven. The sort of targeted advertising they are aiming for is not necessarily easy to pull off. And I think it will take a couple of years to prove it either way. I wonder what this does to their runway? Here's a potentially interesting angle: Digital print isn't killing newspapers. One major barrier to entry (bottleneck) was printing. You needed a certain volume & a certain infrastructure to print papers. Digital print really lowered that barrier. You can now get in at a fraction of the distribution volume. But we haven't seen a proliferation of papers. What does that mean? Could this mean that they are already dead in the air? What're the other options? That the bottleneck they used to control is not something they've been leaning on? That seems unlikely. A good few are not as hot as they used to be. The 'cream' areas, mostly classified ads, are drying up. And they were the areas with big margins. Down here (Australia), 'Fairfax Digital' the online version(s) of 'Fairfax Media' - the 1 ton gorrila of Aussie media, probably has kept it's market share of the key areas online. The have the #1 job site, real estate & they are doing ok with cars, personals, buy/sell and other traditional media cash cows. In terms of market share, I wouldn't be surprised if the (society's) move to online media has not been a net gain for them. However, they were in a pretty cushy position before. They had to compete with 2-3 other media giants. Now they are in constant danger of assault from under the radar. Google maps may make real estate sites useless. It seems improbable that 5 more years will pass & noone will figure out an online dating or car selling or something that will take out their sites. Basically, if I were them I'd feel like it's almost impossible for them to hang on to dominance for long. I assumed that the company was buying back the stock using the company piggy bank. But as mentioned below, maybe this is achieved by direct trading between employees or investors. I'm not really literate in the technicalities but something doesn't add up. The preferred stock deal with MSFT values the company at $15b 'internal valuation' that the shares were issued at is $4b. Aren't these supposed to be approximations of the same thing, roughly? Does that means that they can't go public with a valuation lower then $15b? That MSFT deal seems insane. Facebook would have to be an advertising powerhouse. "The problem is that online news isn't really free -- it requires funding from the dying offline business because online news doesn't have a viable business model." Very True. An online reader is just not worth much. Even if they do get you onto their site. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model. " The business model might just be collapsing. And that does not necessarily mean a new one takes its place. I mean I can't take the 'new music business models' (t shirts and personalised songs & stuff) seriously. Sometimes industries collapse. Print news might be one of them. "Successful news providers in the future will need to start with a much cheaper cost structure to match a much lower revenue model" How about 0 cost (99% of blogs) & 0 direct revenue. BTW, for writer I think the alternative business model is more feasible. Books, appearances, lectures etc. A good few big name journalists could pull this off. Quite a few bloggers (in the business blogging field at least) do. Makes sense. I guess they pay an evil premium. But wouldn't they have something written into the deal that they can't sell the company at a valuation lower then the preferred stock price? Isn't that what preferred stock means. I suppose that there would be no restrictions on buying at a lower valuation. - Maybe amateurs (some future form of blogger). - Maybe free lancers building a name & readership for monetisation via books, lectures etc. (This should at least salvage the top tier journalists) - Maybe none. Who said a change has to be 100% for the better. When the printing press was born, illustrated books (hand illustrated) died. Maybe the whole thing needs to be free. Break Apple's make a profit on everything policy. In this case, these are the types of features people will use because they're there and get used to having. The they get hooked. Apple could get their own social network out of it. And they're going for a few rubles these days. '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' '"The MobileMe launch clearly demonstrates that we have more to learn about Internet services," Jobs says. "And learn we will. The vision of MobileMe is both exciting and ambitious, and we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of by the end of this year."' If its not leaked & not intended for general consumption its pretty worrying. Could you imaging working with someone who says 'we will press on to make it a service we are all proud of' instead of 'this sucks. We need to fix it.' It might even make sense for Techcrunch etc. to buy the thing to stick on their website. There's a bit in "The Elegant Universe" about how at this point it's impossible to distinguish between real but weird physics and just crazy. Well it is a good idea (I guess) if you want to keep taking chances but don't want an IPO or acquisition. You can't expect employees to keep working for risky stock forever. They'd have (I assume) a good few employees with $1/2m - $1m or even $50 - $100k worth of stock. For many, it's probably more then everything else they own put together. You wouldn't want to put everything you own on one risky & speculative tech stock. They'd be pretty keen on an IPO. I guess letting them cash out a bit is a way of releasing some of that pressure so they can keep taking risk. True, and neither of those are money-makers. The whole 'we'll make money off it with advertising later' has failed many times. Search is the exception not the rule. Until I actually saw some innovative advertising method making advertisers money and getting an excited response in that community, I'd be sceptical that they can do more with a pageview then NYT.com or About.com or any other 'site.' At banner ad monetisation rates, that would probably put them at around the $50m - $500m p/y mark. I guess a sort of important related question is: "Is money really much of a bottleneck here" If there was much more money from investors or the partners, would YC fund any more startups then it does? I have to admit, I know virtually nothing about how YC works, but it doesn't sound like it's all that capital intensive. And the cycle shouldn't be that long either. The technical difficulty is almost a side thing I guess. The box is the limitations of the medical profession. What I think is the interesting part of this is that he did not say: 'not my job' or (more likely) 'I wish that this was someone's job' or ' 'I wish we could do something.' He said 'what needs to be done. The guy who wrote it (Brian Greene) is a string physicist, so he definitely thinks so. Every time you hear a physicist interviewed about string theory what you get is: 'It's not very good, but it's all we got' According to Carl Sagan, the experiment will not produce much. I don't think they actually expect to produce micro black holes. The most 'interesting' probable result is actually a negative outcome. IE they fail to detect the Higgs boson. That would mean that the 'standard model' needs to be abandoned. Definitely. Another thing to note is that apple haven't really done any black magic marketing (though they have done that too) to get their margins up. They simply differentiated effectively. Noone else has in that market so it seems like voodoo. But in most markets (batteries, soap, jeans, cars) you have differentiated brands that command different premiums. A mac is not comparable to a windows pc (in the minds of many consumers at least). So the get to raise their margins. Dell including XYZ = Toshiba including XYZ. The specs are the value, pretty much exactly. So, like petrol stations, they don't have margins. Another thing to note is that most price comparisons compare based on seller costs. Because in a competitive market that is what market prices reflect. The value to a consumer is necessarily higher (or they wouldn't buy) and it can be much higher. If the cost of production is $1000and & the value to the consumer is $10000, the machine will be priced somewhere between those two. The more competitive (less differentiated) the market is, the closer to $1000. I wouldn't be surprised if apple is considering that route. Especially now after they've successfully bamboozled carriers with the iphone. But I actually think that the cheap ultra-portables (eg Eee) wuld have the edge here. If we take the mobile phone industry as a guide, the carriers will probably pay up to about $150 - $250 to get you on a $30 - $50 p/m plan. That doesn't make too much dent in an Air. If you bundle it with home broadband plan (maybe they'd subsidise $300) they could give out mini laptops for free or at $100 or so. Apple is actually in a spot. Experience & connections with carriers that no one else has, but no product to which a few 100s makes much of a difference.