It's great that Miguel de Icaza posted this, with .Net being open sourced, the future Mono was uncertain. Most likely your phone has unwanted software or your carrier is injecting ads. At least it seems clean on my Android using Chrome or Firefox. I didn't even click the article because, AFAIK, no one has "unlocked" autism yet and thought it was spam. "May" or "might" would have made the tense clearer. Now that you mentioned it, I can't stop seeing the 'a's. They're really annoying. Someone at Reddit explained that these ridiculous cases come from inconsistencies between federal and state law. In most USA states, adulthood is granted at 16-17 years, but federal law states adulthood is granted at 18 years. How the prosecutor gets to convince the court that someone is both a minor and an adult illegally taking advantage of himself without being laughed at is beyond my understanding. I've been reading Lewis Dartnell's "The Knowledge: How to Rebuild our World from Scratch", and it is exactly what you want. A insightful collection of recipes to bootstrap civilization after a global disaster. http://the-knowledge.org/en-gb/the-book/ I hope I don't get to use it ever, but it is really interesting as it necessarily explains the fundamentals of our current civilization. Not OP, but I would guess the components were not to sell, but to use. You spoke to Daniel Suarez's Daemon! You made me learn that latinum is a silvery liquid. You're throwing a baseball, but at the last moment you spot a kid running into its path. You tried to stop your arm but it was already in motion. You decided half a second too late. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuroscience_of_free_will#Over... And awfully in Firefox, full UI lag. I know Firefox's implementation makes this its fault, but come on, it doesn't hurt to test the home page in it. This put me off too, although only Firefox has responsiveness issues. I'd suppose most kids learned quickly that you could float mid fall and bypass the energy penalty. Even if you fell by accident, it cost practically nothing. We will always win at love and free will /s This would actually be great for the field. I don't think this is the place to seek cool comments. I come here precisely for the technical discussions. It is probably an issue with your video driver. No text editor should feel laggish right off the bat. The open source Radeon driver is prone to sluggishness. Damn, TIL that bar was not decorative. Probably had laser eye surgery. Doesn't seem like he uses glasses. Then why was this such a huge deal? http://www.databreaches.net/191-million-voters-personal-info... If only "in secret" really meant "only between diplomats" and not "hidden from the public but not corporations". Someone always has children. Your legacy will not be wasted. I prefer to keep the mystery and not know all about my opinions from the start. It's the small discoveries that keep the flame of love alight in our marriage. And the alert tone could be ICQ's "Uh-oh". I'm no expert, but wouldn't said seed first be baked by the heat of an impact strong enough to launch a chunk of planet to space?