I've lost access to my account. Attempting to login to sillysaurus2 redirects me to https://news.ycombinator.com/null and doesn't actually process the login. I'm genuinely sorry, and I've sent an email to apologize. Moral of the story: Don't do what I just did. It earned me 10 upvotes followed by an instaban. the new Hacker News API allows easy programmatic access of story/comments and infinite chronological paging. You could download every Hacker News story in less than 2 hours without breaking the API request limit. Which API? https://www.google.com/search?q=hacker+news+api Using that API, you could download 48,000 hacker news stories in 2 days, so if there have been less than 48,000 submissions, then what minimaxir said is true. But first you'd need to generate a list of all 48,000 story ids, and there seems to be no way to actually do that. When trying to access page 2 via that endpoint: http://hn.algolia.com/api/v1/search_by_date?tags=story&hitsP... "you can only fetch the 1000 hits for this query, contact us to increase the limit" It was a nice try, but it did seem too good to be true. That's incredible. Will you upload the raw database somewhere, please? If you make a torrent, I'll help seed it. Would you email me at sillysaurus3@gmail.com whenever it's ready? This isn't a defense of Apple's choices, but: Using public implementations for crypto code has been difficult until pretty recently. There didn't exist many high-quality, trustworthy, public implementations of the types of crypto that real-world systems have wanted to do. Even now, the situation is pretty grim for anyone who wants to integrate crypto code into an existing large codebase. The canonical answer is "just use NaCl." However, I've had developers outright refuse to use NaCl because "it's so hard to compile." They were saying NaCl has some issues compiling on certain types of architectures, and issues compiling as a dynamic library. When libsodium was suggested in response, they retorted that libsodium was "NaCl but with modifications by people other than the ones you'd want making modifications to crypto code." In other words, libsodium purports to be "NaCl, but easy to integrate into your project," yet the reason it's easy to integrate is because someone other than recognized cryptography experts fiddled around with NaCl until it was easy to compile. So apparently it's an open question whether libsodium is as trustworthy as NaCl, and NaCl is a pain to integrate. All of this implies that the current situation is still not very good as of 2014 for people who want to just do crypto safely and in some standard way. And rather than writing that code in 2014, Apple had to write it years ago, when the situation was far more painful than the present day's shortcomings. To answer your question, yes, there are public implementations which could theoretically be used. But actually using them is... difficult. Not nearly as difficult or as error-prone as rolling your own, but perhaps difficult enough where someone who isn't an expert in cryptography might make the dire mistake of believing that rolling their own is less difficult. I wish Matasano would publish an open-source crypto library. An "NaCl that's easy to use and that people actually trust." They have the resources and the credit to pull it off. Alternatively, I wish we could gather funds to have them audit libsodium. Also, all of this is based on the assumption that NaCl or libsodium actually meet the needs of what Apple was trying to do with this crypto code. It probably doesn't, because NaCl / libsodium provides a complete replacement to the entire crypto stack of an application. To take a wild guess, I'm thinking that Apple needs to implement / interact with some other kinds of crypto than what NaCl/libsodium provide. For example, certificate validation. So then you'd suggest "use cryptlib!" but this is hampered by the fact that in addition to all the previous considerations, cryptlib also isn't free. What you say is true. But security through obscurity doesn't work, because people are very good at reverse engineering and decompiling. So your choices are either: open source your crypto code and suffer some embarrassments which people will forget and forgive, or have closed source crypto code that either doesn't work or can be exploited in subtle ways. Pick your poison. :) 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 is less secure than just using scrypt, and probably less secure than just using bcrypt. But the code looks correct as written. It seems like a red flag that it took more than 50 lines of code to do this simple thing, though. EDIT: Specifically, should the PBKDF2 "key", not be used for something (like HMAC) rather than being used as the hash itself? Using the output of 1,000 rounds of PBKDF2 as an input to HMAC wouldn't get you any extra security. Is this true? Hmm... It seems I was wrong. Well, damn. Oh well. Wow. Check out the people who lost serious money on MtGox: http://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/1yv26o/gox_horror_s... One person lost 1998 btc. That was anywhere from $500,000 to a million bucks. I thought it was interesting that a programmer with foresight could make ~$235k in a matter of a few days due to the mtgox problems. Their total volume was 29385 BTC of which they earned 2%, which is 587 BTC. >Out of curiosity, what's your opinion on crypto-currencies that aren't deflationary? Now, that sounds like a good idea. But at that point, we're talking about a cryptocurrency equivalent of real grown-up money I'm extremely amused, because Dogecoin is inflationary. So Dogecoin is "real grown-up money" by your definition. It's not even as simple as a failure to communicate. It's hard not to conclude that they outright lied. First it was malleability, then it was "we're waiting on bitcoin developers," then it was "we've moved due to protesters and security problems," and now it's "we've closed our site due to recent news reports." I wonder when precisely they realized that >700,000btc were missing. $400,000 is a life-changing amount of money for the vast majority of people on the planet, let alone Americans. I believed in Mark (the owner of MtGox) and his team, defending them vigorously, and got screwed as a consequence. The support staff was on IRC every day saying "Yes, we have customers' funds. No, we aren't insolvent. Everything is fine, everything will be fine." They answered every question in a level-headed fashion. They were either being paid to lie, or being fed lies, or somehow MtGox didn't become aware of the fact that they were missing >700,000btc until a day or two before they shut off their website. So I was pretty gullible. And I just want to thank Patrick (patio11) for being a constant throughout this whole ordeal: constantly skeptical, and with good reason. Other users will see it. If the computer remembered every modification of every document, then users would be protected from incidents like this. Could you give a source on that MK statement? It's the first I've heard of it. This document seems like fairly conclusive evidence that they've lost access to >700,000 bitcoins, because there's no reason for them to spend time putting together the document otherwise. Quick question: What's preventing Coinbase from shutting down operations tomorrow and walking away with everyone's money, as MtGox walked away with mine? Or, what if the founders orchestrated some sort of disaster wherein all of the coins are claimed to be lost, but in reality they're simply transferred to the founders? I know they wouldn't actually do that. My question is, what's stopping them? Why wouldn't someone try to do that, other than their morals? The promise of future profits amounting to more than what they would walk away with today That's exactly the same argument I used to justify why MtGox wouldn't shut down, almost word for word. It's the same argument I used to convince myself why they wouldn't shut down. They still shut down. They're not anonymous, and they would run a real risk of bodily harm by such a public crime. So we're relying on mob justice? Also, Mr. Karpeles hasn't been harmed and probably won't be. The article links this wallet: https://blockchain.info/charts/received-per-day?address=1Drt... But that was a Bitstamp wallet, not an MtGox wallet. To bypass the paywall: TOKYO—A lawyer for Mt. Gox announced at a news conference at the Tokyo District Court that the embattled bitcoin exchange was filing for bankruptcy protection and that Mt. Gox had outstanding debt of about ¥6.5 billion ($63.6 million). The exchange has been under fire from investors since it stopped bitcoin withdrawals in early February, citing a technical issue that potentially made fraudulent withdrawals possible. On Tuesday, Mt. Gox, which at one point handled more than 80% of trades in the virtual currency, stopped all transactions, dealing the severest blow to the bitcoin industry yet and raised concerns about a lack of protection for users. Several Mt. Gox investors say they have little hope of recovering their funds, with some individual investors saying they had bitcoins valued at hundreds of thousands of dollars in Mt. Gox. Should Mark Karpeles go to jail? It's a question I've asked myself many times over the past couple days. On one hand, there may be a chilling effect if Karpeles is sent to jail, because fewer companies may be willing to participate in an area where the penalty for failure is time behind bars. On the other hand, it feels very inequitable and unjust that Karpeles made millions off of MtGox, lost our money and then is free to enjoy life. But this is a vengeful mindset, and it seems counterproductive. Is it really just a bad situation with no recourse? Karpeles walks, MtGox shuts down, and everyone's money is gone. Poof. The most persuasive argument for jailtime seems to be that if he's not penalized, then others may attempt to orchestrate similar disasters. Bitcoin has a very, very small chance at becoming the next gold standard, but it's a chance nonetheless. Therefore whoever is willing to flaunt the law and steal >5% of all bitcoins that will ever be created has a very, very small chance at becoming extremely powerful in the future, and wealthy in the short term. I don't know. There's probably nothing to be done, and taking away years of a person's life out of a sense of retribution probably isn't the best answer.