I wonder if, one day, people will realize that none of this stuff really matters. Write and comment your code clearly, think your designs through, and comply with your team's conventions so that people know what to expect. None of this stuff (TDD, TAD, XP, Agile, whatever) is computer science. None of it is science period . They're all essentially shamanistic rituals which "work" by giving you a direction so that you can start writing code. If you find a methodology works for you, great! Use it! But all this squabbling about the one true path is nonsense. Sure, having an organization strategy is a good plan, and I didn't mean to imply otherwise. The problem I have is with people claiming that their way is the "right" way without having any legitimate scientific backing for the claim. Then go to the preferences and uncheck "Enable phishing and malware protection". There's no censorship here. They analyze the file and tell you if they think it's malicious. You are free to do with that information as you will. > Even though images like "13yearoldinabikini.jpg" are legal, they are almost certainly scraped from some unsuspecting teenager's Facebook album. Can you explain what you mean by "predatory"? I understand that it gives you the heeby jeebies. But what predation is taking place? In point of fact, nothing under discussion here is child porn. Child porn implies porn , and none of this was porn. >Today we are adding another rule: No suggestive or sexual content featuring minors. It's good to see that smut like Romeo and Juliet is no longer welcome on reddit. Yes, but it's an Apple with multiline lambdas vs. an Orange with only single-line lambdas. > which isn't really a viable point on a website It's a viable point on a website like reddit, which built its community on a no-censorship basis. They're free to do with their business as they like, but I'm free to feel betrayed when they do. >You feel betrayed when a site like reddit says that child porn is bad No, I feel betrayed when reddit, a community that grew because it did not limit expression that was within the law, bans "suggestive or sexual content featuring minors", which is way, way broader than child porn - an umbrella so broad that it even covers news stories about sexual abuse. >but I'd be willing to bet everything that you have a facebook account which sells you, your likeness and your personal data and you couldn't give a shit when they alter their privacy policies. I do have a facebook account, and the fact that I do give a shit about its privacy policies is why I basically use it when there's no other way to get in touch with someone. This is, of course, utterly irrelevant. Why are you even bringing it up? Two things: 1. They're not at all powerless to prevent it. 2. I don't see the attack here. The idea of a man masturbating over an image taken from an underage girl's facebook may give you the willies, but it doesn't actually hurt anyone. Virtually none of the crucial citations on that source seem very reputable; just lots of links to pop-psychology sources, and links to the authors' own books. Very sketchy. There was nothing illegal on them. All of them were very careful to make sure of that. Well see the problem is that we're not all smarter than we think. The Dunning-Kruger effect means that some of us think we're much smarter than we actually are. Unfortunately, 99% of the code out there seems to be written by people in this latter category. I disagree that the Dost Test even applies to those images. These were not "nude or seminude" images in the first place. They were, at most, girls in bikinis. These subreddits specifically did not allow semi-nudity. > There's nothing unreasonable about stating in your TOS that you can't have a subreddit the very existence of which breaks the law. That's not what they did. What they did was to say that suggestive content featuring minors is prohibited. I feel like a broken record, but I guess I need to keep reiterating this: Romeo and Juliet is suggestive content featuring minors. > You could download kiddie porn on /r/jailbait No you couldn't. Nothing pornographic or illegal was ever allowed on /r/jailbait. It might have gotten posted a few times, but the submitters would have been banned. > Dan Lyons suggests that my defending Path on this issue means, because we’re an investor, that we’re a paid apologist (and much worse). Seems to me that Lyons was suggesting that Arrington was a paid apologist on the basis of the less-than-full complement of scruples and moral fiber Arrington has exhibited in the past. You do in fact seem to be correct on that point. However, I do not think that your assertion about most of the images failing the Dost test is correct, or that you have adequate evidence to make such an assertion. I also don't think, if it were true, that that would call for a new, sweeping policy. The rule merely needs to be "nothing illegal", and then that rule needs to be enforced. "Suggestive content featuring minors" is just insanely broad. >However, that's not how it's been enforced, and I don't see the admins using it to remove those things This is a new rule. There is no "how it's been enforced". But if that really is the only rule needed, then that should be very easy to add to a linter. JS's syntax is influenced by C via its pretensions of being somehow related to Java, but I think it's a stretch to call it a "C-based language". That use of `with` makes me squeamish as hell. Also, on the topic of the "eta" function, it's odd that the author seems unaware of existing implementations of `bind`. That is very well put. It is a shame that JS got its scoping so very upside-down, because it means that tiny changes in code can cause incredibly confusing and initially undetectable bugs. `with` is basically an infected bandaid on a broken system. It seems like it's helping until you notice the smell. I think the really important point here is that readers need to understand that an encyclopedia is a record of academic consensus rather than a compendium of solid facts. The former is a useful but imperfect tool. The latter is an impossible ideal to strive for which will inevitably result in something less reliable than the former. >He needs to gather academic weight on his side. If he's correct then it should be fairly easy to accomplish. Well, not necessarily. Unfortunately consensus is hard to change, even if it's wrong. But you still have to try. If everyone who thought the consensus was wrong edited Wikipedia to reflect their opinion, the result would be a less accurate encyclopedia.