I'm amazed and saddened to find this written here. What you read in the parent is the content of a social media slander campaign from years ago led by a blogger named Brian Cook (who runs a blog popular with University of Michigan sports fans called MGoBlog), apparently because Brandon fired Cook's favorite coach. Sorry this is so long, but I can't watch a good person's reputation be slandered. Dave Brandon was a class act and very talented leader and executive. Note that despite the sports blogger's considered opinion (as paraphrased in the parent), Brandon's reputation in the business community is exceptional. Per Bloomberg: Brandon had run Domino’s for 11 years and gained a reputation as a turnaround artist. He helped shepherd the pizza chain, then owned by Bain Capital Partners, through the largest initial public offering in restaurant history in 2004. He got the Domino's job because Bain - no lightweights themselves - thought highly enough of Brandon's CEO performance at Valassis Communications to hire him to run their foundering investment in Dominos. Then Toys R Us hired him. How many people get hired to three significant CEO jobs? Why didn't someone ask the sports blogger? I'm no Fortune 500 CEO, but I know more about business than Cook and I was very impressed by what I saw of Brandon from the outside - a natural, thoughtful, intelligent, highly skilled, high-integrity manager and executive, the kind of manager you seek out to work for. Brandon left the CEO job at Domino's, a company with billions in revenue, global operations, and >100,000 employees, and where he was quite successful, to rescue from trouble the $100 million, ... Brandon's performance: Before him, the athletic department was in the red, the football team was losing (both very unusual situations at U. of Michigan, an elite blue-chip program - like Google search becoming mediocre and unprofitable), and far worse from the perspective of then-Michigan supporters, corruption was brewing. Big-time college sports is a magnet for corruption, with billions of dollars tossed around ostensibly amateur sports, unpaid athletes, and mostly non-profit institutions. U. of Michigan's great tradition and culture, at the time, was that it's an educational institution first; it priorities were its student-athletes and its values ahead of money - integrity first and it wins: The football program is roughly tied for the most successful in college football history (with some parochial school in Indiana). Many say these things; Michigan really did them. Brandon returned to restore all that. He fired Cook's favorite coach, Rich Rodriguez, who was the only Michigan football coach since 1900 with an overall losing record, including arguably the team's worst season ever; he also was responsible for Michigan football being penalized for its only NCAA violations (i.e., college sports ethics violations) in its history, and was involved in odoriferous situations off the field. Firing was not a hard call, especially for a job among the most sought-after in football. Brandon put the athletic department back on track; he emphatically put the student-athletes first - and before the football fans, as he should have, but earning the enmity of many fans who could care less about the education and welfare of the unpaid students on the field - and he restored the department's integrity and profitability (which soared). He also hired a football coach with exceptional integrity and talent for mentoring college students (see Brady Hoke, below). Brian Cook, the blogger, is easiest described as like Rush Limbaugh; he likes to inflame his followers, who can be sycophantic, with media campaigns based on sensational lies and half-truths, and in my experience has few limits. For example, early on Cook disliked what a ~13 year old was posting in the MGoBlog forums, so Cook doxxed him, including his home phone number, and Cook's classy followers went after the child (I still regret not calling the state Attorney General's office). He lies brazenly: I once read a newspaper article saying a famous basketball coach 1) called the Athletic Director (the one prior to Brandon, who Cook also attacked) about the Michigan job and left a voicemail; 2) the coach spoke to his wife, who was adamant that she didn't want to move to a new town (coaches' families move constantly); and 3) the coach decided against the job. Cook quoted the article but conveniently deleted part 2 - in a block quote, no less - and accused the Athletic Director of losing the coach because he was out of touch. It was as brazen as it sounds. Cook and his followers also attacked, maligned, and sometimes chased out of town multiple coaches and other people. I'll add that Cook as no experience in sports AFAIK, either playing or coaching, or in business or in anything but blogging about sports at his former college. ... Regarding another person's reputation: Brady Hoke, the football coach Brandon hired, was (is) one of the great class acts in the sport. He put the (unpaid) student-athletes first, as students and people, and football second, and Hoke openly said it - an amazing thing to find in college. High school kids - and their parents - who decided against going to Michigan would talk about what a class act he was and nothing like the snake oil salesmen that populate the sport. The students he brought to Michigan - Hoke was among the best recruiters in the nation - were in tears when he was fired, and for years after that - when he was long gone and they had a new coach - you could read them (and their parents) regularly talking about what a "great man" (that phrase is used repeatedly) he was and how much he helped changed their lives. His peers raved about him, and the top coaches in the country wanted to work for him (e.g., the defensive coordinator of the Baltimore Ravens, at the time arguably the top such job in the NFL, left Baltimore to work for Hoke, then starting his first major college job). Unfortunately, Hoke wasn't a great offensive coach and the team was around .500 by the time he left. He was also maligned and attacked by Cook because, AFAICT, Hoke was Brandon's guy and replaced Cook's favorite. Sometimes, the Rush Limbaughs of the world succeed, the good people lose out, and the slander, sadly, follows them even to Hacker News. Dave Brandon had an exceptional track record and the business community thought so, maybe still does for all I know. He was just disliked by a popular (in the University of Michigan community) sports blogger. See my post below. It disappeared before that, under Rich Rodriguez. Rodriguez lead Michigan to maybe the worst season in its history (2008), his recruiting was awful (I forget the number, but his predecessor and successor were among the best in the nation, as Michigan always is), and he is the only Michigan head coach since 1900 with an under-.500 record overall. He never beat either of Michigan's rivals, Michigan State and Ohio State, and earned Michigan it's only NCAA sanctions ever. Brandon fired Rodriguez - an easy call but one which earned the enmity of a sports blogger who loved the coach and maligned Brandon (which is what the post above is really about; see my response below) - and hired Brady Hoke. In Hoke's first year, they went 11-2, beat Ohio State, won a bowl game, and the team's defense went from ~110th in the nation to the top 20. Hoke did slowly decline after that, and was fired after an under-.500 season; his weakness was offense, which he just couldn't raise to an elite level. Brandon did very well at Dominos; Bain Capital, Dominos' owners, certainly thought so, because they later hired him to run Toys R Us. > Since Dave left Michigan, the interim AD hired Jim Harbaugh, and the football program is now regularly in top 10 in the nation. Harbaugh's record through 2 seasons + 3 games = 23-6 Brady Hoke, the coach Brandon hired, through the same period = 22-7. Hoke also beat Ohio State during that period and Harbaugh hasn't. At Michigan, beating Ohio State is almost more important than the rest of the season combined; ESPN called it the top rivalry in all of sports at one point. But more important to the University of Michigan than winning a children's game played with a ball, at least before Harbaugh and that interim AD, was the student-athletes' welfare and their development in the classroom and in the community. By those measures Hoke and Brandon far outperformed anyone. I know sports fans don't think about those things, but remember that it is an educational institution and the athletes are students (and if they aren't, they should be paid like highly talented employees). https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15281139 I very much enjoy watching football, and might have seen over 100 Michigan football games. But it's a game; the welfare and education of the students playing it are real life. I've wondered that. Perhaps the ~13 year old felt intimidated or ashamed (completely unfairly, but they are 13 facing the wrath of a mob of adults) and hid it from their parents? Maybe the parents were absentee, didn't care, didn't know what to do, or lacked resources? IIRC, the kid lived in another state, complicating things. Or maybe there was a lawsuit and quiet settlement, and I just don't know about it. Also, IIRC, the ~13 year old's forum posts were fine, they just disagreed with Cook and his mob, apparently a crime in Cook's mind. Not that any forum post would ever justify doxxing someone. Cook also ran a campaign against two journalists at one of the major Detroit newspapers who broke the story of the football team's (and Cook's beloved Coach Rodriguez's) NCAA violations. At least one, and I think both, of the journalists left town for greener pastures. For years afterward, and probably to this day, Cook's supporters vilified the reporters for the team's violations. That will teach them for practicing journalism. Tangent, but a good story: Early in my career, in the CRT era, I was working late at a client's office. One of the executives stopped by to chat; he was telling me that his house burned down the past weekend (!) due to a wiring fault in an SUV in the attached garage that somehow ignited something ... whatever caused it, holy shit. His family all got out ok - in the middle of the night - but everything they owned was lost. As we were walking through the darkened office on our way out - the last two to leave - he said, 'do you smell something burning?' Poor guy; he must smell it everywhere. For all I know there was still smoke residue in his sinuses. Anyway, I have to humor him - I'm tired and really want to get home, but there's no question of trying to talk sense to someone in his state. So I make a show of looking around the office with him - and sure enough, there was a CRT monitor, plugged in, off (or maybe asleep), and literally smoking. I never saw anything like it before or since, in over 20 years in IT. But he must still smells smoke everywhere he goes. I was a member, and later board member, of the housing co-ops in Ann Arbor, Michigan, the Inter-Cooperative Council (icc.coop). In many ways, it was an incredible institution (and maybe still is; I'm long out of touch): Highly democratic and very successful. It's continued to exist and grow since the 1930s, with almost complete turnover in membership every two years. They owned at the time around 20 properties, housed around 600 people affordably - their primary mission - and had assets and budget well into the millions. I still don't understand quite how they did it. They did have a small permanent staff of an executive director, financial director, and a couple maintenance people. Everything else was done by mainly college-age membership that, as I said, turned over almost completely every two years; they were the board of directors, maintenance, collected membership dues (the equivalent of rent), made major investment decisions (buy a new house?), etc. etc. One contributing factor may have been that it was a bunch of intelligent people, self-selected for their commitment, who had little long-term vested interest (they'd be gone in a couple of years). I might expect the latter to be a disaster, but it also eliminated a lot of politics - nobody had a career, a future, a promotion, a reputation, or much ego depending on the outcomes. Based on your links, I'm pretty sure you know about the ICC. Any thoughts on how it, and similar organizations work, where others that require community commitment, like the bookstore in the article, fail? I have a hard time understanding what these statements are talking about. > to fight less wars. That's a lofty goal, and maybe attainable, but probably far off for humanity as a whole. It's not only lofty and "maybe" attainable, it's already happened, beginning decades ago. You're living in the most peaceful time in human history. There are almost no international wars (maybe Armenia and Azerbaijan count?). The great powers fight no wars with each other. War is almost unimaginable across vast geographic areas: Europe, especially sans Russia. North America, South America - the entire Americas . South and Southeast Asia, with the possible (and significant) exception of India and Pakistan. East Asia except North Korea. Etc. It's not an accident or luck; it was a program of the early 20th century to make war illegal, and that came to fruition after WWII when the victors (who were not daydreamers - they knew more about war than we can ever imagine or want to know) formed the UN and the roots of the EU explicitly to prevent future wars. It's like saying that extending human average human lifespan past 50 years is "a lofty goal, and maybe attainable, but probably far off for humanity as a whole." > Critical to any military, much less society, is the concept of a warrior class. There is no "warrior class" in the West or in the democratic world. For most of American and democratic history, wars were fought using draftees and citizen soldiers, like the Minutemen - everyone, not a class. The current American and most wealthy country militaries are filled with volunteers, people from all walks of life - not a class, unless we redefine the meaning of "class" as 'any group of people in the same job'. They are not trained over generations; in fact, many in the U.S. military are immigrants and the children of immigrants. A 'warrior class' doesn't have a place in U.S. society, which is explicitly anti-class. That doesn't mean there is perfect social mobility, but generally we expect and encourage individuals to follow their own paths - not many reading this follow the family profession (especially in IT!) - and to succeed or fail by their effort and merit. If Mary's mother was a farmer, we aren't shocked if Mary becomes a programmer or doctor or artist. Obviously, we have much work to do to achieve those ideals, but the ideal is certainly not a caste system. > America weighs the question of "what force should be used, where, when and for what purpose" constantly. Yes, but I think every country makes those decisions and uses its military from time to time, at least every major country (kudos to Costa Rica for eliminating its military!) including all the NATO countries. The U.S. is a different case; it has been the guarantor of the post-WWII order and so uses its military more than some others (that doesn't justify the actions). > 30% of recruits have parents who served, 70% have a relative who served I'm surprised those numbers aren't higher for the population as a whole. For one thing, people were being drafted as recently as the 1970s. I'd expect that almost everyone has a relative who was in the military. I don't come from a military-oriented family in any sense, and I have at least three living ex-military relatives and of course many deceased ones. But of course there is some continuity from generation to generation. That applies to any profession, locale, etc. People aren't surprised that the engineer's child becomes an artist, but the child is more likely to become an engineer than most people. Does that mean there is an 'engineer class'? > a significant portion the leadership of the military is absolutely a distinct beast. While yes, they are nominally just another citizen, they have part of a distinct culture (how could you not if you spent 10+ years in service of an institution) with a distinct way of seeing the world. The GP was talking about a sort of caste (my word), trained and treated distinctly from generation to generation. Every profession, community, ethnicity, etc etc. creates a distinct way of seeing the world. Look at people in SV! Y Combinator does the same. Other parts of government do the same. There's nothing special about the military in that regard. > That is a very rose-colored glasses viewpoint. No, it's factual. I didn't say there were no wars; I said there were fewer than at any time in human history. If our standard is perfection, then every human endeavor has failed and we should return paleolithic life. People still die of illness, so we could argue that modern healthcare has failed; don't bother using it. Regarding the UN, in politics there is no certain proof ever of cause and effect, so arguably we should eliminate all political institutions. The lack of war is the fact. The parent's theory of why or how and its predictions have no basis that I see. China will of course use this treaty and every other tool to obtain their foreign policy goals, as do most countries (it's the goals and tools that vary). Among their current goals is to become the dominant power in East and Southeast Asia, displacing the U.S., and to become the dominant power in the world. Trade treaties have long been used by countries for those ends. China in particular has heavily used economic power and arrangements to expand political influence. For example, loans to many countries are used to create leverage and sometimes seize valuable strategic assets when the debtors, which most observers knew were not creditworthy, cannot pay them back. For example, China has acquired ports that way (IIRC, the one in Sri Lanka?). Also, regardless of the situation, China will have the most leverage in any negotiation of an economic treaty (as does the U.S., despite the disinformation that those treaties are to the U.S.'s disadvantage). The source of the initiative, if that's the case (do you have evidence?) doesn't restrain China or protect the other countries. I just said the West because I was thinking quickly and didn't know clearly about other countries. It was conceivable, even if unlikely, that officers in China or Russia (USSR? :) ) or someplace else are mostly hereditary, and I saw no need to raise that issue. > So clearly, if kodah meant what you claim they meant, they would be really really really wrong, like ludicrously wrong. / As such (and this is my point), it's probably better to assume that the kodah didn't mean that. It's probably better to steelman, rather than strawman. Always important to remember. And I should have phrased it that way. Thanks. I expect the following is not novel to you, but would you share how you address it with your patients and in this study? In my experience - not based on professional expertise - when people are very concerned about what others will think, in regard to any topic, it is due to a lack of self-worth or self-understanding. They want others to fill that hole, to provide the answer or esteem that they have trouble providing to themselves; they put enormous power in others' opinions. The solution is not to talk about what others think but to find help them find those things within themselves - how do they feel about their choice, their action, their physical being. This study (which I understand might represent only one aspect of your strategy with patients) focuses only on what others think as an answer to the patients' uncertainty. It seems to assume that the worth of the patients' own bodies depends on pleasing others, that the value of this body part is as objects of pleasure for others. And of course we know well that our society sends that message to women, about this body party in particular, very often. And to avoid any misunderstanding, I'm not setting up some argumentative binary concept that people don't care at all how they look. To varying degrees, everyone cares. But I worry far more about the self-esteem and emotional health of the patients than I do about how their breasts look (Edit: And I assume you do too and are acting in good faith). For their breasts, the only person to please is themselves. > It's extremely important to most people. We go out of our way to look good. Just look at any shopping street. Clothes, makeup, gyms, etc. It's a continuum, and I don't think it's 'extremely important' to many people at all in my experience. Far more people are not shopping and don't go to gyms, and shopping and gyms serve other purposes too. Also, when someone does those things to enhance appearance it doesn't mean it's 'extremely important' to them; I watched a sporting event over the weekend, went grocery shopping, and I post on HN, but none of those tings are extremely important or even important to me (beyond avoiding starvation). It's not binary; humans cover a very wide range - much wider than you or I experience or imagine. Mods - I'm almost certain I posted the above as a reply to the original top post: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=25169521 What happened? Magnus - We're not raising simplistic issues about whether beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but addressing how those women are best helped. It's indeed heart-breaking to hear how difficult the situation is. For example, when they are overwhelmed with the decision, terrified about what everyone else will think, then perhaps a mental health professional would be the better option to help them through it then someone with authority (the surgeon) reinforcing to them, with research, that everyone else's opinions are essential. Edit: I'm not sure that's what's going on, but I think it's a reasonable concern about the survey and how it will be used. I'm posting this because the two questions below about this issue didn't receive responses and the way the issue is addressed above seems to possibly trivialize the questions, but that could be unintended or a language issue. Sorry if I'm misunderstanding you. Hmmm ... I haven't seen much of that happening on HN. People respond to the top comment all the time. Also, it was a direct question to the person who posted the top comment, not a commentary. > I'm all for people consulting counselors and psychologists, but many people want to get back to normal, and part of that is to look the same as they did before, and avoid others asking them very personal questions or making hurtful comments. The doctors performing reconstructive surgery are not taking advantage of vulnerable individuals, they are helping support people's recoveries. I'm not sure I understand ... ? First, I certainly didn't say that the doctors are taking advantage of anyone and certainly don't think so! I don't even know what ulterior motive the doctors would have. Please don't attribute things to me. The job of mental health professionals is to help the patient achieve whatever their goal is, whether that's 'getting back to normal' or to help with a difficult decision or situation. Who are you saying would be "asking very personal questions and making hurtful comments"? Mental health professionals? Mental health treatment is not an inquisition; there's no judgment made. Just like the surgeon, their job is to help the patient. ---- The doctors have asked us to take a survey. It's reasonable to raise legitimate concerns about that survey; we're not and shouldn't be thoughtless and unskeptical. Have a great day! I understand that part now. I think we keep talking past each other about a premise. The premise is that other people have power over you, that what they think about you matters (on a personal, emotional level). Therefore, what everyone else thinks about your appearance matters. I'm saying that the mistake is in accepting that premise. It's false. What you think about yourself is all that matters (in the personal, emotional level we are talking about), and when you know and accept yourself, the strangers are powerless. Other people only have that power if you don't love yourself and then look to them to fill that void (speaking simplistically). A mental health professional can help a cancer survivor face those emotions, and know and accept themselves. Then all that matters is what they think about their own body. Thank you for the insights Magnus, that can only come from an expert practitioner. I admire that you are so focused on helping your patients. Core to attitudes like Coinbase's (as described in the article) the theory that their only responsibility is profit for their shareholders. IMHO, that theory is like many others today: It's attractive - it simplifies everything and even makes it quantifiable - but does not stand up to a moment's scrutiny. Almost everything Coinbase has comes from their community: Liberty; peace; political functionality and stability; economic stability; the rule of law; property rights; the free market; the wealth of the market they sell to; the education and wealth of employees, customers, and partners (including the massive public education and healthcare systems - imagine how their company would survive Coronavirus without the public health system and eventual free vaccine); the physical infrastructure of housing, roads, food, power, etc., all kept functioning and safe; the incredible technology stack they build upon, from mathematics to basic literacy to electricity to materials to more proximate tech (the Internet, Web, TCP/IP, and of course the cryptocurrency technology). No matter what Coinbase does, they add only a sliver on top of what's come before. It's just an absurd, transparent rationalization for selfishness to try to justify being a parasite, for not contributing to it and being responsible for making it work. Our community is us; nobody else will make it work. And it's sociopathic to say that, about part of our community, 'I don't care what happens to African-Americans'. But being a sociopath and buying into this transparently false argument has become trendy and admired by a vast swath of powerful people in American business, as if ignoring problems will solve them. I used to wonder if they really were smarter than others, but recently I've concluded that they follow the herd and are easily manipulated as much as other people are (and I could have seen it earlier in financial bubbles, etc.). And as they've followed the herd in disparaging liberalism and postmodernism, rather than thinking critically about them, they've unilaterally disarmed themselves, willingly discarded the tools that would protect them from being deceived, confused, and led. It's depressing to see yet another intellectual 'bubble' sweep through the Internet and the educated parts of society, especially one that falls apart so easily under a little scrutiny (as they all do). The cost of living in the Bay Area reflects extremely high demand for living there. Other than some people becoming more comfortable with remote work, what will have changed when the pandemic ends? You can't visit SF and not see that it's a special place. An amazingly dynamic, exciting city filled with creativity, culture, beauty, resources (including two elite universities and many others), natural resources, etc. People LOVE San Francisco (and many other cities). Cities in general are well-documented and researched as the great economic and cultural engines of our societies. It's not hard to see why or how that would be. We all knew it well; then suddenly it became trendy to forget it. We know well the subtext of the new anti-urbanism: Reactionary politics. The reactionaries in the US (primarily the Republican Party and sympathizers) have been trying to denigrate cities for many years because, despite the facts on their success, cities are strongly liberal, ethnically diverse, and pro-Democratic. As an example, Trump tried to make it the focus of his campaign over the summer and a/the major focus of the Republican convention, though that fizzled. Taxes are bad (by definition!), liberalism is bad, protestors are bad, college education is bad, homeless people are bad ... it's a highly conservative perspective - conservative as in, 'protect existing interests' - rather one that reflects a belief in progress, knowledge, change, and in the potential in every person (not just the wealthy ones) to do great things. Cities are inherently optimistic and reactionaryism is inherently pessimistic - why choose the latter, other than that is where the social herd is running? How will that turn out? The IT industry didn't discover remote work in the last year; it might have been forced on reluctant managers in some industries, but we knew it very well. Companies tried it years ago, and then walked it back (I remember them telling employees they had to come back to the office). Nothing replaces the dynamism of meeting people in the hallway, seeing people face-to-face, etc. Remember everything SV companies invested to keep their employees at work and having fun? Now they think it's the same if they are home and isolated from each other? Bubbles in finance are about ideas, not money. People feel compelled by the normalization of a social tide. If you think you're too smart for it, you are a prime target.