This gets asked a lot, both from urban planners who would like a 'silicon ' miracle for their area and by various company people. Clearly having several great engineering schools nearby (Stanford, Berkeley, SJSU, UCSC, Etc) helps. Clearly having a big pile of money sitting in pockets around Sand Hill Road helps. Clearly having an ecosystem of job shops that can 'fill in' all of the various functions from prototype manufacturing to legal services helps. Of course none of that happened all at once. There was Fairchild, there were the various 'secret' projects hosted out of Stanford in the early 50's, so at some level there needs to be a seed ecosystem that can exist with a small set of customers but is applicable to a larger set. What is your time worth? Generally startups seem to have a fairly common lifecycle (at least in the embryonic stages). Vision -> work to prototype/proof of concept -> { Seed | Exit }. If it is not self-funded the founders should have talked to at least Angel investors, they should have a list of questions that investors have been asking them prior to deciding to invest, and they should have a plan for answering those questions. If they don't, then they may have lost their way. If they are lost then staying is a waste of your time. Given that Bing clearly uses the clickstream to influence its results pages, at what point to SEO folks run farms of machines in a network which resolve 'google.com' to a process that returns a fixed set of results for a given query? Imagine this scenario, I create 10,000 VM instances of windows running IE8 with the Bing toolbar. I create a local host to 'stand in' for Google such that it emulates the actual Google site (one could even used scraped Google content) and for my 'target' query it returns my spammy results, and then my VM machine clicks on one of the spammy links. It seems that Google's sting worked because their queries had small return rates, but with some resources it would seem a viable way to inject SEO love right into the bloodstream of Bing's ranking algorithm. As I see it, a whole new front just opened up for spammers. --Chuck I suspect that they are, and when you can simulate a million users doing what ever activity you want them to be doing then the impact on Google and lots of stuff will change. Of course my favorite was the Amazon hack of repeatedly putting some item in a shopping cart and then adding in a bit of pr0n (or some other weird combination) so that Amazon would put the other item in their auto suggest product combination. The humourous thing is that Dvorak points out the ink equation. This self inflicted inversion of value by artifical manipulation of supply of ink. However manufacturers are on to that (since they create the artificial ink market) by selling new printers with 'demo' cartridges which are 1/2 to 1/10th the volume of 'real' cartridges. Given that the patents around inkjet printing are expiring it might be time to really shake up the market with a printer which doesn't demand the ink tax. Except its water which kinda defines incompressible. Answer is thermal energy from tectonic processes. Cite: http://www.sciencedirect.com/science?_ob=ArticleURL&_udi... "Imlacs are wiped out." Priceless. --Chuck I had the same response, but I realize (having worked there for a while) that there is a strong 'star' culture meme that sort of permeates the place. I wondered if she was feeling out of sorts with all the publicity folks like Marissa or Eric or some of the other 11 SVPs carry around. Can never know for sure of course. Then again, Google may be setting her up to be COO and pointing out that 96% of all the money they make comes from groups under her would be a good way to start that conversation. I agree that he missed the point about what argumentation really is. If you do it right you, your 'opponent' and everyone else listening learns something. Its a common dilemma. Generally I find it relates to pay and skills rather than age. In that for a given skill there is a market rate. If you're an engineer and you've been in the industry for long enough you may find that annual adjustments moved your salary above the market price. If you're middle age, and you've kept up with the latest technologies, and you're adding to your skills basket, generally it seems you're still employed. If you 'retired in grade' at some point and thought you would work until you could collect social security doing the same thing you've always done, well that hasn't worked out in practice. The referenced article is not even wrong. Take the pool of qualified people who can do a job, order it by most able to least able. Now intersect that line with demand for people who can do the job. From the intersection point to the top you will see a gradual rise in salary with a sharp peak in the top 1%, below the line you will find unemployed folks. Has nothing to do with vision, widgets, or films. The question is can you be replaced by someone who will be as productive as you are, for the same salary? Then you're on the short list. If you can be replaced for less salary, you will be. Caveat the presence of an external force which warps the economics. Being terrified of change is an evolutionary dead end. At a talk Leonard Nimoy gave at USC on his poetry he remarked that his garden had taught him that one could learn to value the change in in a thing over the current state of that thing. I found that to be a fairly profound statement and worth remembering. The claim that youth would be at an eternal disadvantage in an ageless world not supported by observations in the current world. If having more time conferred universal advantage then youth today could not compete with those older than them. This is clearly not the case and demonstrated by young entreprenuers every day. To the extent that the cellular processes active in creative, contemplative, and evaluative thinking are exposed, if it becomes common to unify those processes in the functioning of everyone's consciousness then it is possible it would give rise to a modest time advantage for those who had been thinking longer about the same things. The more I read the news, the more I appreciate watching The Twighlight Zone :-) Very much state dependent, and very much modified by the employment agreement (if you had one) when you joined a company. You can, and should, strike any objectionable material from the employment agreement, have the HR person who is helping you with your first day paperwork sign off on the changes, make a copy of the document, have the HR person sign the copy acknowledging it is a true copy of what was signed, and put that somewhere safe. If the company won't accept your changes, then that is your signal that not only do they intend to own IP rights to perhaps everything you have done or will do, they also intend to litigate for those rights which you will have signed over to them with the agreement. That is a good time to decide if you want to work there or not. For folks who are thinking about changing companys but have yet to make the jump, ask your future employer to give you a copy of the employment agreement before you accept their offer. Have it reviewed by a lawyer. That way you can find out before you give notice that you weren't going to work there anyway. At least for tech employees there is enough demand on the hiring side to give you an advantage. So I have been known to make the claim that the next great re-flowering of tech will begin in 2015 and grow solidly through 2020. I base that claim on the observation that patent silliness really ramped up in 1995 and grew exponentially to 2000, those patents expire between 2015 and 2020. And while technology overwhelmed the ability of patent examiners to credibly evaluate its novelty or newness, that doesn't matter once the patent is now public domain. If Google follows its internal policies it will have to fire him. (err let him go) And while I agree that he did it on his "own time" as you will recall all of the news reports pegged him as a "Google Executive" which certainly gives the impression that its Google sanctioned (which it wasn't according to the article). I've been on both sides of this question at various times in my career and it really requires the employee to decide which is more important to them and then to dedicate themselves to that and step away from the other. I think Wael made his choice, and I admire him for it. (I find that he keeps getting demoted too, he started out in charge of everything in the middle east and now he is down to a mere product manager :-) "If you want to know that you’re being given a valid address, send it an email and have the user click a validation link in it, and stop annoying your users!" Epic fail. Its this sort of approach that ends up resulting in cross site scripting bugs. Oh just take what ever the user typed in, and send it to the server they told me to send it to. Boom! The perl code is perfectly reasonable for validating RFC compliant addresses. True, although I'm a fan of 'tiered' services since robots (spammers, trolls, and others) also participate, I'd like a way of saying "this is a real person". If you're looking for a startup idea how about a service that creates an anonymous ID (to me anyway) where the user provides that id to me, I send it to a service and get back a 'reputation' bit which says if you're a good guy or a bad guy (person what ever). And a way to report you've not been co-operating so that others can benefit. Ebay reputation model but nominally anonymous. (at some point in some server somewhere there will be a way to link token a to token b but I'm totally ok if it can't be resolved into an actual person.) I note with mock irony that this works fine on blekko.com in any browser. You push the "this is spam" link in the SERP results and poof, its dead to you. (Disclaimer: I work at Blekko) Rediscovering your passion is probably the most important thing you can do for yourself at the moment. Going 'walkabout' as the Austrailians say has a couple of great aspects to it; first you take yourself out of your routine surroundings, second you create a different set of day to day tasks which helps keep you out of the rut you find yourself in at home. If you are the camping type, hitting the parks can be great (Yosemite, Grand Canyon, Yellow stone, Carlsbad, Grand Tetons, Etc.) If you are more inspired by cultural endeavors hitting the museuems, music festivals, cultural celebrations are good. The goal of any good walkabout is first to empty yourself, which is to dump all the day to day things that wear upon your consciousness and get back to a place where your true passions can be sensed. Let your curiosity take you down different roads. Learn a new language, explore a new culture. Recapture the wonder of learning something knew for the sake of learning it. Remember that when you are aged and contemplating the end of your days, you probably won't be thinking "I wish I spent more time at work." :-) Thanks for posting this, its an excellent insight. It was interesting when Intel fail to deliver on their roadmap. Here is a link from 2000 where Intel was alleged to be saying 10Ghz by 2011 http://www.geek.com/articles/chips/intel-predicts-10ghz-chip... Which of course lead to the great Multi-core debate (AMD started it, Intel followed with two physical die on a package later to integrate into a single die). Which lead to the great Memory channel bottleneck (Intel was in-order single channel, AMD was multi-channel) and resolution (everyone now is multi-channel). GPUs on the other hand have always had memory bandwidth issues so they went wide, the GPU equivalent of multi-channel, from the start. They also benefit from a feature of graphics which was 'do this same algorithm on all of these texels' which is straight forward to parallelize. And as nuclear weapons designers, and genomic researchers will tell you, GPUs are also useful in doing MIMD simulations. Its less clear what the parallel architecture breakthrough is for OLAP type problems (or parallel file systems as an even easier example) These have lots of operations in parallel but they also have high connectivity of data synchronicity across those parallel threads which, at the moment, brings everything down to earth. Fun times! This is not news, the business model "Create a scary threat, offer a solution" is old. I would not be surprised if some paleontologist asserted that the first 'sharpened' rock was marketed as a defense against the sabertooth tiger meanace. How does it work for EADS ? (Airbus manufacturer) When I was there the Code of Conduct required that all employees abide by the (US version) of the foreign nations laws which precluded (among other things) advocating for the overthrow of any legitimate government, colluding with government or non-government agencies in the public policy area without registering as a 'lobbyist' (there are different terms in different countries), doing anything that would suggest a conflict of interest between Google and the legitimate government. Responses available to the company when an employee had been found to violate the code included things like prosecuting the individual for damages and of course termination. It was all pretty standard boilerplate kind of stuff. There were higher standards for managers than rank and file as well. But mostly I think it is in there to try to mitigate retaliation from countries against Google corporate. But let me re-iterate, I don't claim that they would or should fire Wael, I'm just saying that a strict reading of it would make that their next step. Imagine what happens if Mubarak sues Google for lost income, personal distress, Etc, because their employee lead the effort to displace him? Never under estimate the gall of a plaintiff lawyer if their target has a huge cash reserve. I'm saying that tech got ahead of the patent office in the 90's, and that combined with a zeal to 'own the road' as a business model had companies patenting anything and everything. That of course then spawned a huge patent trolling industry which has had a significant chilling effect on companies. A very real consequence of this was "datasheets." Prior to the great patent rush semiconductor companies published datasheets which described their chips in great detail. This allowed engineers to write software to use the chip and build systems with them. By the late 90's the "datasheet" for the interesting chips in a system (sound chips, video processor, GPU, etc) had devolved into a description of electrical signals, pinouts, thermal data, and just enough information to verify the chip was functioning. Detailed information about programming was only available under NDA and sometimes only with a binding purchase agreement in place. Being particularly frustrated by this when writing a driver for a video chip, I used every ounce of influence I had to talk to the guy at the company where the chip was made who "owned" that decision (which is to say he could have said, 'let anyone have the data sheet' and it would have happened). His response was that they didn't release the data sheet because while they didn't believe they violated anyone's patent in their designs, it was impossible to prove that they didn't (you can't prove a negative and all that) and so they took the expedient route of restricting the number of people who "knew" how their chip did what it did to reduce the attack surface for patent trolls. This has been, apparently, the standard operating procedure for over a decade now. The combination of the 20 year window (which means even if someone patented something its expired by now) and an improvement in the ability of patent examiners to deal with "tech" (we've now got examiners who were in high school in 1995 so they understand at a much better level novelty when it comes to tech). Means tech companies can engage with individuals with less risk, and that using techniques "everyone knows" or uses is much less likely to come bite you back. No idea how big a damper it will turn out to have been, but I'm watching for the signs ... Poorly. But to make this post more than just noise, much of the Google culture for a long time revolved around personal relationships and being in peoples cubes to get their attention. Not something you could do from home anyway. The Anybot experiment would have been interesting to see.