I disagree. It's not a straw man at all. Your assume that A) big things can only ever get done by companies. B)A CEO 'owns' a company's assets. I'll give credit to him for creating and acquiring funding for the organization. I'll give him credit for publicizing his vision. Each and every rocket/car however, was massively subsidized by taxpayer dollars, and made feasible by hundreds of people WORKING TOWARD A COMMON GOAL. The practice of abstracting away hundreds to thousands of people's hard work and financial support, involuntary or not, is disingenuous at best and downright dishonest at worst. Abstraction is evil. Abstraction is what turns "people" into "human resources". And before the inevitable "That's not practical!" or "That's unreasonable!": It really isn't. Most people have just gotten so used to credit for their own work being sacrificed to someone else that nobody points out how incredibly screwed up the practice is. I'm sorry, but you won't get that. That isn't how computer's work. There is no magical "understanding" available through a computer to tell you WHY an error occurred. It is a computing device. It can tell you THAT a problem occurred, and WHAT it was doing at the time. With a debugger, you are free to ask the WHAT question at many points within the program to figure out WHERE the problem is coming from. But the answer to WHY can only be divined by you. Mom had a saying she was fond of: "You must be at least 10% smarter than the piece of equipment." Computers are not smart. They are dumb things that are exceedingly trainable at doing very dumb, repetitive things very quickly. Layer on a bunch of layers of dumb stuff and finding the spot where someone derped becomes very difdicult, very quickly. And what if you don't? When did programming suddenly shift away from "the programmer should be aware of what they are doing?" Hell, I can't count the number of times I've had to troubleshoot bad imports/classpath management brought about by some genius letting his IDE do his thinking for him. Don't know why parent was downvoted... If one can't make the connection between Turing completeness/automata theory and Neuro-cognititive function...think more. I think the question you seem to be asking flippantly deserves more thought than you are giving it. Even if memories are structural, network theory tells us that all parts of a network are not necessarily visible or accessible from all points at all times. The "You" making an executive decision could only be seeing a subset of your entire memory structure. This difficulty can be even more clearly expressed by looking at the how neural networks even work. It's not just structure that determines output. It's a combination of structure and sigmoid function, spread out over time as results of previous computations fine tune the network. You'd have the hardware to run your person on, but you'd have no information on the full informational state stored by which circuits are firing, which are building up to fire, and how fast each one is building up. Even if you did, you'd lack a "reboot" harness capable of generating that state on demand across the entire brain that could both physically share the same space the brain is occupying AND not interfere with the mechanisms by which it operates. What you haven't realized is that your conception of identity has been fine tuned since birth through your use of language to represent "You". Whatever woke up after the theoretical reboot would NOT be the "You" that went into it. It would be "You" to itself. Little more, little less. If you sit down and think it through, you should be able to realize that even if you could build something to do this theoretically, practically implementing it would be a fool's errand courtesy of physics. Namely sensitive dependence on initial conditions, and the Pauli Exclusion Principle. Nevermind the Engineering considerations. How do you measure a successful reboot? What is your error tolerance? Or the sociological/ethical implications. Can the environment/society support you? Could you adapt? Would you even be able to assimilate? Would you bring some sort of toxic ethic or moral taint that the society has considered taboo? Hell, we have kids based on a natural drive endemic to our biology. Now you're talking about placing on our descendants the literal decision of "Should we let this one exist to influence us?" Have you ever noticed that no one ever brings up a company being private until they do something that outrages the public? Well... This is one reason why tech literacy is so critically important. As long as it's a privileged few in the grand scheme of things who can add things to the Internet, it makes it that much easier to control. It's why many countries are so fond of regulating manufacturing. When you strip access to the means of production from the everyman and lock it behind regulatory barriers, it's far easier to control what can and can't be done. Not a pitch for any ideology. Merely an observation. Very insightful. I think this bears additional emphasis. I think you hit the nail on the head. As a society, we've relied on people making shallow surface level laws to correct deep, tangled problems for too long. Our system of laws is in dire need of a good pruning back and rearchitecting. IANAL, but I have been doing legal research for a while now, and when I'm reading law, it is very clear to me at least that when you start looking at law as something systematic, you run into diagrams that would make any system architect have a heart attack. The structures I end up at show a lack of "feed-forward" thinking in their implementations. Namely being structured with little or no thought to consequence, or guidance for interpretation or application built in. For the non-techies who may not be able to understand my comment, imagine implementing something complex like an internal combustion engine, but never writing a manual or communicating it's specifications. That's what I'm getting at. And yes, I'm aware that the legislature specifies executive branch entities to do the administrative law elucidation. However, there are far fewer release valves for bad law in those cases or means for changing overly restrictive guidance. Entities are given carte blanche to pass unchallengable "iron fist" level directives that have no recourse EXCEPT an already over-taxed legislature. It's interesting that you mention that. I have Blue Cross, and I've been dealing with seemingly procedural denials every month for a chronic condition. It's getting to the point where I'm genuinely thinking there is some bad faith activity going on. Just stop, please. The point of journeyman in connection to a trade is as a point on a scale of relative skill and has no meaning in the place of determing the accidental characteristics of the wielder of the title EXCEPT relative competency in the trade. "Man" has been a catch all for human practitioner when who the practitioner is isn't essential to the context. The title of journeyman elevates whomever bears it in the eyes of a trade. It grants equivalence no matter whom it is applied to. If you wish to call yourself a journeywoman, do so. Don't be surprised when the rest of the trade still refers to you as a journeyman. Tools don't care who wields them. And finished works' quality depends only on skill. Not gender. Hate to see of what your views on Bachelor's Degrees are. Nailed it! So... I find this... Odd. So, online marketing seems to be trying to toggle desired functionality out of large audiences. Why does no thought ever seem to go into the opportunity cost of redirected thought? For instance... Most programmers are quite familiar with the phenomena wherein one is interrupted, thus losing track of a sizable mental context that has to be painstakingly rebuilt. Marketing and advertising seems to be BUILT on exploiting this type of interaction though. "Hey! I know you're busy working on that report, but how about a Coke?" Now, as a society, we've accepted small amounts of this over time as in many cases, it hasn't seemed that disruptive. Yet as mass-media has evolved, it is becoming increasingly difficult to tell what is the first class citizen anymore. The "important/desired" content, or the ads. As more and more opportunities are created for injecting advertising, we're seeing a society that seems steered in a direction where our interactions are being increasingly guided by our reaction to media in the environment rather than by the environment itself. Other human "agencies" (translation: businesses) are attempting to replace "human agency" (translation: self-inspired decision making capability predicated upon personal experience) itself as the primary means through which one achieves "a comfortable existence" (translation: living a fulfilling and virtuous life; living a high Quality existence; achieving self-actualization). This article paints a picture of one scenario where this type of externalized agency becomes increasingly problematic. The American Legislature was DESIGNED to be inefficient. This is easy to see when one takes preservation of liberty as a starting point, and then defines the act of legislation as the process by which liberty's definition is refined and bound in order to preserve the societal superstructure of a state while facilitating the state's capacity for action and need to evolve over time. When you apply a highly efficient system for spreading one individual's viewpoint in an emotionally galvanizing way, one detracts from the built in inefficiency of the legislative process, enabling faster implementation of more restriction, but less efficient removal of restriction due to a natural bias against "rocking the boat" endemic to a large portion of the population. I guess for me, this raises a couple big questions. A)Should the output of a legislature be governed by the fact 1000000 people listened to one guy's five minute blurb and regurgitated it to a representative, or should it be because a representative granted a staff with higher access to information has had the time to work through the issue to figure out the least restrictive way to implement a law? B) Should marketing/advertisement be looked at more carefully, and possibly regulated or downgraded to a less protected form of speech due to how easily it can be weaponized? (I.e. Advertising material being restricted in the types of claims it can make such as having to be backed by factual publicly accessible data; Or being restricted in forms and situations in which it can be employed/consumed) C) Is marketing/advertising in its current digital forms even desirable? I'm somewhat disturbed that some of these questions are even seemingly in need of being asked, but the last decade or two is really quite disturbing when looked at through the lens of an individual living in a world just coming into an age of digital marketing and information warfare. Sorry for the wall of text, but this has been bugging me a lot lately. You can't look at it that way. I mean, while that IS a valid approach, you have to also keep in mind that the more you can "go without", the better the position you are in to improve your life. To change requires you not to be running at 100% all the time. You have to find a way to save some oomph for lateral growth when the way up seems to be blocked. Without that oomph, you'll never get out of where you are. Stop quoting that case. That was SCOTUS upholding the right of the government to clamp down on speech that encouraged draft dodging or could even be marginally interpreted as disagreeing with it during wartime. https://www.popehat.com/2012/09/19/three-generations-of-a-ha... It ain't Dred Scott dumb, but it's up there in stupidity and retarded law. Well regulated doesn't mean the feds get to control the details of what the militia can use either. The militia is every able-bodied 18-47 year old. The regulated part implies a command structure which the National Guard provides. So... you know, it occurs to me that none of this would be a problem if people understood two things: A) Computers are tools designed to do whatever the user tells them to do. B) The original architecture of the Internet assumed a network connecting implicitly trusted users Stop trying to mess up a perfectly good tool by making it nigh impossible to work with, and redesign a networking/computing infrastructure that doesn't implicitly trust all users as a fundamental assumption. This type of thing is getting completely out of hand. If you want security SO badly you are willing to sacrifice billions of potential users freedoms to use their hardware as they see fit, coming up with a second "SECTERNET" architecture should be a price you're willing to pay right? This pattern of trying to lock a user out of any tier of control of their own machine reeks of the continuing attempts by companies to deprive users of the privilege of ownership. I realize it may be difficult to see for some, but this is a literal case of the road to Hell being paved with good intentions. People don't need to be "protected" by building their volition out of the system. How about "information submitted by a person to a third party is still considered private"? The disingenuous loophole the government is so fond of whereby you sharing information with a third party suddenly negates ALL expectation of privacy and 4th Amendment protections is a farce. Signing up for Facebook should not be a "first sale" of your personal information or right to privacy. Of course, no tech company that has ridden the free ride of harvesting personal data would be on board with ANYTHING like that. They can keep their IP and algorithms if they want, but if I don't consent to the fruits of my existence being fed through them, then that is where it needs to stop. No company should feel safe with involuntarily increasing a user's digital footprint. Period. That covers not asking to and being explicitly told not to. A person has an inalienable right to maintain final authority over their digital presence. The only exception that makes sense to me is for the press. Though I haven't thought that implication through completely yet. The problem is, given a neural network, the decided course of action IS at 100% confidence. Unless you design the network to specifically answer "how similar is this?" and pair it with a training set and the output of another executing neural net, a "confidence meter" isn't possible. This is one of the trickier bits to wrap one's mind around with neural networks. The systems we train for specialized tasks have no concept of 'confidence' or being wrong. There is no meta-awareness that judges how well a task is being performed in real-time outside of the training environment. Humans don't suffer from this issue (as much) due to the mind bogglingly large and complex neural nets we have to deal with the world. Every time you set yourself to practicing a task, you are putting a previously trained neural network through further training and evolution. You can recognize when you are doing it because the process of doing so takes conscious effort. You are not 'just doing ', you are 'doing , and comparing your performance against an ideation or metric of how you WANT to be performed'. This process is basically your pre-frontal cortex and occipital lobe for instance, tuning your hippocampus, sensory and motor cortex to perfect the perfect tennis swing. When we train visual neural networks, we're talking levels of intelligence supplied by the occipital lobe , hippocampus, alone. Imagine every time you hear about a neural net that a human was lobotomized until they could perform ONLY that task with any reliability. Kinda changes the comfort level with letting one of these take the wheel doesn't it? Neural nets are REALLY neat. Don't get me wrong. I love them. Unfortunately, the real world is also INCREDIBLY hard to safely operate in. Many little things that humans 'just do' are the results of our own brains 'hacking' together older neural nets with a higher level one. Because money is a finite resource, is only useful when it moves, and when only a few people hold the majority of the purse strings, they gain an inordinate say in what problems get enough funding thrown at them to be solved either through active favoritism or passive inaction? Please, we all know someone is going to make the argument you just did. It is the lowest effort, most intellectually shallow argument you can start with. In fact, it's a thinly veiled ad hominem if you think it through long enough as it boils down to "Poor people are poor because they suck." In the United States, we hold it to be self-evident that all men are created equal. Period. When inequality of some form becomes so ingrained in our society so as to become everyday and even praised, it is only natural for a culture that holds equality amongst people as a core characteristic to wonder if something may be a bit off about the system. To answer your question... Why should someone who acts as an executive be worth so much more than the carpenter or operator in the eyes of their fellow men? Businesses are social structures, nominally intended to benefit society (often redefined as shareholders for the hard core capitalists out there) as a whole. Yet... We see that executives and C levels get an exaggerated share of the value produced by the structure. "But they have business savvy!" I imagine someone would retort. Doesn't justify the compensation disparity. They just got an MBA and learned about how to structure a business while the carpenter was learning to woodwork. A business for business sake without professionals capable of understanding and executing the craft or service at hand is meaningless. "No one would accept the responsibility without that level of compensation! It's too straining!" Another may retort. That sounds a bit disingenuous to me. Is it mentally straining? Of course. Not so much so that orders of magnitude difference should justifiably exist between the average worker and the top of the pyramid. Nominally, everyone should have an equal chance to start a successful business. Realistically, the later you come to the game, the more the cards are stacked against you, and in favor of everyone who is already there. I would like to see society move in a direction where there wasn't so much incentive to "get money at all costs", but rather to solve pressing issues that are having a clear and present deleterious effect on society. The inability of many mundane laborers to be able to keep up with the market is one sych issue. Nay, sir. Just because there exists a multi-million dollar over a lifetime treatment regime doesn't mean that it is okay to suddenly "own" an equivalent chunk of cash from everyone cured. We invent treatments because we CAN'T find a cure. The treatment represents society's best effort to alleviate suffering. We solve problems so that we don't have to suffer them as a society/species anymore. Businesses exist until we figure out a way to live without them. Profit should never be the end all justification for doing something. You were probably downvoted for taking the position that you are the judge of what other people need, but besides that error, I think you bring up an interesting point. It is an uncomfortable truth that we have yet to really contemplate as a society. Consumerism ISN'T sustainable, and society will grow to a point where we are going to see seemingly fundamental systems start to crumble beneath the sheer weight of consumption. We have to be willing to ask "should we?" in addition to "can we?" Uh huh... I'm guessing you aren't a fan of the 2nd Amendment then? Not trying to derail things, but assuming the State MUST have a MONOPOLY on violence is a terrible idea. We give the government the leeway we do, because it is the best way to provide for the common defense of the nation. NOT because ONLY the State should have violence open to it as an option. Anyway... Back to healthcare... The type of structure that made the military industrial complex problematic was specifically that the industrial part was doing everything they could via lobbying/bribery to maximize profit. A shift to a model where we attempt to minimize waste, and maximize effective treatment/cures turns the quality equation on it's head. You still run into the issue where riskier grants that 'may work' are going to have a harder case to make in order to be issued, but I think that once one gets away from trying to build industrial supply chains predominantly for treatments that don't result in cure, you would start to see materials and expertise to get industrial supply chains built period may become more easily accessible if not perhaps become much cheaper. You mean, like leaking classified information? It's valid. To say something is "designed" for something can mean that it has a certain characteristic as facilitates its primary function. No need to have the annoying question of a designer attached. No. They aren't. They may make decisions that impact millions of people, but they aren't a government. They may 'govern' the technical details of their implementations... But they are not governments. They have no sovereignty, no expectation to the rights thereof. They do not answer to everyone that their decisions affect. They are social constructs that happen to shuffle around information, own assets, and generate revenue. It is CRITICAL that no one makes the mistake that these businesses are anything more than the path of least innovation to solving problems. The tech industry has a major hubris problem. They don't need people mistaking them for legitimate governments to make it even worse. Every person needs to understand that no software product is really a big thing. The reason they SEEM big is the sheer data magnitudes involved. Most of which the layman has no real concept of. The problem is the average adult doesn't get educated in the ways of contract law. In fact, I think this is a symptom of the fact that attorneys and legal practitioners are a "protected" class with a relatively high barrier to entry to basic education in their field. While everyone has the "freedom" to learn on their own time, it seems disingenuous to be able to legally bind people who honestly have no clue what they are agreeing to. Also, from the tech perspective, UX demands that "onboarding" to a product be as minimally difficult as possible. Tech will ALWAYS give you the option to skip reading the EULA, and T&C because otherwise, most people would look at the terms being laid out and just say "Screw that noise." You have a fundamental asymmetry which will be ruthlessly exploited. If not by the legalese and banking on the user not understanding, then by the company just glossing over how skewed in their favor the terms are and rushing the user past the ugly bits to the custom designed addictive parts.