Start this trend, please: TWO sets of arrows. The first set indicates: Yes, I agree, or No, I don't agree. The second set is only ONE arrow, pointing down. This means, "This comment is spam/offensive/offtopic." It's too bad. Javascript-in-the-browser and Ajax are both nasty hacks that force programmers to do all sorts of shameful things. And the result is--wanky html tricks. Java, for its faults, is fairly clean when run in the applet environment. It has every superiority over JITBAJAX, except for install issues and a chunky load process. Yahoo games seems like just about the only applet success story. Of course, back in the day, non-trivial Applets tended to be too large for the dial-up accounts people had. At least that is changed. "TechCrunch, FeedBurner, iStockPhoto, YouSendIt, Meebo, Vimeo and Alexaholic. These are some of the most popular websites on the Internet. " Huh? Reminds me of an old person who had a stroke and has to shamblingly re-learn how to walk. Accidental clicks are 95% of Clicks. You probably have a better spirit than I do. I have [well over 15k], and really enough to live on for years without FTE, but I'm waiting until I actually have a revenue stream before quitting my job. "By the way..." Pre-alpha. Looks a little too cartoony for a financial app. Actually, umm, if Windows media player looked like this, I'd say the same thing: Too cartoony. Just to give you a baseline. I could use something which cost about 1/10th what this knife did to the same end. But it's handmade... Amazon has those knives at 55 dollars. Maybe he's using a different model, but you aren't going to get a handcrafted knife for 55 dollars. It would take at least a day to make from raw materials, and that's not much of a salary in France. If one Steve is rare, two Steves are rarer. Maybe someone could do the math, but it's pretty obvious. "pine became Gmail" Yeah. Google invented online email. Seriously, does google pay for fanboyism by the pound or what? Geez. I don't know. I can't think of any video sites offhand that are _worse_ than youtube in most respects. The player is small, grainy, hard to control. The "community" is full of appalling idiots. The search feature is the worst I've ever seen. They did scale it very well--outages seemed minimal. I'm sure that is the greatest technical challenge for video. Flickr is a real puzzle. Any jackass could have made that site. I think the stars just aligned for them. People can flippantly say things like, "Oh, Microsoft got lucky" or whatever, because they did get some breaks. But MSFT also did real work, not easily replicated. Flickr--geez. Most online stores have a photograph engine of some sort that does the same thing, as just one tiny feature. I'm a programmer, so it's pretty rare for me to disdain someone for being a nerd, but, geez-o-man, there's nothing like Larry Page in action. Oh, have you seen his girlfriend: http://static.flickr.com/47/112343641_e3af8465d9.jpg Webapps are sort of a throwback to the dumb terminal + mainframe model. This has certain advantages, and where those advantages apply, of course you're going to be successful. If you don't mind having less than 100 percent control over your email, and don't mind google's data mining it for [any|all] reasons, then go ahead and use gmail. Large corporations aren't going to do this, if only for legal reasons. Quick impression: Has the rough look of a squatting site. The bold, underlined titles remind me of the style used in v|agra spam. The google ads are too numerous. I strongly recommend getting rid of them until you get serious traffic. They'll turn away potential users. Okay--those are just style issues, subject to opinion. Facebook is referred to as an imitation of MySpace. Of course, Friendster was earlier, but really--they're all just online Frontpages, aren't they? (I've never used any of them, actually.) About Flickr: "so we built a lot of features that were deliberately viral." Ugh. A raw FTP server has half the features of Flickr, and 95 percent of the features that actually matter. It's reading panegyrics about upload-your-photo services that trouble me: Are we all just hacks? I mean, it wasn't so long ago the entrepenuership meant building railroads and auto factories. Now--you can be a millionaire if you use the " Another question: Let's say you've already spent considerable time (12-24 months, say) developing a product and then find somebody to partner with. What is the breakdown in company ownership? Certainly not 50/50 or even 60/40, I would think. Open up a newspaper, and look at some of the strips. Rubbish. Absolute utter rubbish. And yet they all got published! Somebody looked at them and said, "Yep, that's a winner." And here, unsurprisingly, is Watterson talking about how hard it was to get into print. Maybe--since this website is intended for businesspeople as much as creators--maybe it would be fitting if everyone remembered just how completely powerful people can fail--and not even realize it, nor be punished for it. See, this is why wordpad generates more revenue than Word. Ugh. Macintoshes. I know pg came out in their favor a while ago ("All the hackers I know are switching to Macs"...something like that). But, man, to see it in reality. My mother has an older OSX machine. What a piece of work. Even the parts of it that are supposed to be good, like the interface, are just clumsy. The mouse is ungainly, with one big "button", making a laughable full-palm-press-down the most reliable way to click. The scrollbars and window-edges are mysteriously hard to grab. The icons in the taskbar would have seemed childish to me when I was 10. The power of Unix is pretty well hidden. If I'm on my linux machine, you can bet I'm not using KDE. Without the shell, linux might as well be Windows. Now, if it was OSX vs. Windows 98, sure. But XP (*) is stable and the candy colors are easily removed. The security problems only concern the ignorant. I'm not too impressed by people who will pay a 400-800 dollar premium for the geek equivilent of a status symbol. (*) I've never used Vista. http://www.tigerdirect.com/applications/SearchTools/item-details.asp?EdpNo=2853515&CatId=2511 Versus http://store.apple.com/1-800-MY-APPLE/WebObjects/AppleStore?family=MacBookPro These are comparable systems, but the Apple has, as I said, roughly an 800 dollar premium. Actually, the cheapest macbook pro costs the same as the high-end Toshiba. If you make good money, it's not a big deal. But when the girl in the coffeehouse asks me what kind of computer she should get to go along with her minimum wage, I'm basically scum to recommend an Apple. The music business, huh? Finally, we're going to start roping in the chicks! Just like back in the FORTRAN days! Seems odd to witness a lot of business-type people arguing (or at least leaning) in favor of copyright infringement. I mean, we could argue for a while about whether some kid should be allowed to download songs off of bittorrent. That's just some kid. But then, you have a huge corporation doing almost the same (okay, okay, with all due equivocations, like: They're only hosting/distributing, not uploading). Well, google isn't distributing video out of a love of the artform. I mean, person X builds/owns something, and person Y profits from it, or at least tries to. See no problem there? It might come down to "might makes right" here, if google has sufficiently expensive lawyers. The seemingly obvious solution is to tack a 15-second advertisement on the videos and then share the proceeds with the owner. And vote THIS up if you want there to be user-configurable values via SQL injection exploits: http://news.ycombinator.com/x?fnid="begin;update Skins set Font='Comic Sans' where userName='mynameishere';commit;" "insanely great things the man has said" What the eff? Something about dead fish and the Japanese? All right, whatever. Very insanely great, indeed. Reminds me of a certain information minister for both coherence and modesty: http://welovetheiraqiinformationminister.com/ He's a good businessman, though. He took an early lead in the PC business and turned it into this generation's Sony Walkman knockoff + an overpriced Intel machine running Unix. Oh, and Wired magazine thinks his utterances are "insanely great": "The products suck! There's no sex in them anymore!" Steve, I owned an Apple II. There wasn't a mother Theresa pinup calendar's worth of sex in it.