" mind is formless, non-physical, separate from the brain ", well it can be reduced and explained in terms of the functioning of the brain. "Functioning" is not an object and cannot be encountered, to assume the mind is substance is the category mistake made, and why people leap to something non-physical: if it must be a substance it cannot be physical, for sure. As for "completely simulated", I do not believe that computers - as we now use them - are capable of "simulating" a mind. The mind is much more than symoblic processsing : it attaches meaning to information, creates relations between itself and the world, (amongst many other things). These phenomena are not information processes and cannot be achieved by Linear Regression (to characterize Machine Learning accurately enough). It is important to point out that any scientific explanation of consciousness is going to be unsatisfyingly reductionistic. Science significantly reduces experience to a "substance model" where everything can be modeled as substances in motion ... and thus the mathematical edifice which results is completely devoid of the vast majority of information which one acquires: the sound of the cannonball as it his the grass, its colour, significance, etc. The vast majority of our experience which we may hope to explain is discounted (necessarily so) in order to be scientific (predict what our next experiences will be like). There will be an increasing number of "explanations" of various aspects of mental functioning based on the structure of the brain, I doubt any of these will provide anything more compelling than what we have currently. There are "brute certainties" (brute facts) which are undoubtable and the starting point for all investigation, scientific or otherwise. This brute fact is experience, or more accurately, the world of signficance, relations, awareness, etc. in which the self as well as everything else is embeded within. Explanation proceeds as generalization, taking one aspect of Experience and generalizing to some general property of Experience: pens fall, all objects fall, all objects in gravitational fields fall. There is nothing we can appeal to in accounting for Experience itself: there is nothing else available. Explanation has to end somewhere, and that is the final - and only tenable - reply to the question of our conscious experience. Should we charge more for disabled people? Does any additional cost to a company mean that it can treat its customers differently? We must have a society where the equality of people is incontrovertible, and we make accommodations for the fact. That a thin small woman weighing 50Kg is worth the same as a muscular or fat person weighing 100kg. To ask one to pay more for a service because of what they are is unequal treatment. The people weighing less are charged more than they would be otherwise, so that everyone has the same price. But their arbitrary birth characteristics that make them under the average weight should not entitle them to benefit in "proportion" nor equally should the characteristics of another cause them to be disadvantaged proportionally. I would prefer a society where neither the state, nor private citizens, were able to reward birth-lottery success at the expense of birth-lottery failure. And im not talking about genetics. Being muscular or fat, a result of a series of choices (no doubt), is still a result of birth lottery. So you had a single mum in a por community that fed you cheap fast food? Do members disadvantaged communities (who are more overweight and unhealthy than the average) have their disadvantage compounded by being responsible for their parents and community? Sex is a vice? It's interesting how much Victorian baggage people carry around... even in articles on the Internet and the economy! Well there are many competing princilpes, and the way we prioritize them will affect the kind of society we end up with. I believe in this instance, the benefits of equality outweight the costs. If we believe that a "free" market would distribute prices differently so that lighter people paid less and you believe the free market price is fair . Then some small ecnomic harm is occuring, to those who pay more. The social cost of rectifying this small harm however is, i think, considerable. It makes transportation harder for poorer people and perhaps those that need transport the most. And so on. In this case, i think the $500 extra /flight can be distributed across the couple hundred passengers without much to-do. I've always been quite proud of having Darwin there, perhaps a commemorative note? I think his ability with English maybe giving the impression he was being flippant. If you remove implied meaning, it says only that "I know it was bad for the company, but I found it fun". That is really bad ideological myopia there. He refused to consider alternatives (for which I would adovcate functional design or something like sqlalchemy). "Actually I think this is an inevitable consequence of using a relational database - you either have to make your in-memory model more relational, or you complicate your mapping code." No its an inevitable consequence of trying to think with an object-oriented type system to describe a set-based data collection! In other-words the problem is attempting ORM: he's begging the question! I would expect better from Fowler, but it does go to show the futher into an ideology you get (heavily design-patterned OOP in fowler's case) the more you see design and programming problems as problem with OOP rather than anything more fundamental. I accidentally deleted the original submission. Yes, that's the standard compusci response, and that's why debates in this area are presently fruitless. I dont really care to know to what extent PHP can be written in first order logic, nor does that help anyone decide between PHP and Javascript (via Node), for example. With any philosophical project there are assumptions that you hold fixed and work that you assume "has been done" (or could be). Either way, I think there is substantive and helpful contributions to be made by forgetting where programming languges come from, by ignoring their syntax and by treating their standard implementations as worlds-to-be-explored. And if you like, the above statement is my starting point, and implicit rejection of the compusci approach which is to ask all the questions im ignoring. Oh it certainly lacks rigour. I was just outlining "an intention to be rigorous" to see what the response would be. There seems to be, so far, quite a lot of interest in this kind of project. >In the end, you can compute anything compuatble with any Turning complete programming language Well it's this defeatist position i'm arguing against. > you should be using some university ressearch language I'm largely a PHP developer / "architect" by trade; I'm not in the business of pushing Haskell onto CMS developers. I am interested in the programming language debate, and I'm not convinced "the market" is the best judge of what the most useful language is. That it happened to be, for example, the internet was coming of age during PHP's invention which gave us a generation of script-kiddes (98 - 06) seems to me an accident of history. This accident is being corrected by Zend Framework and corresponding language changes (06 - 13), so by today PHP is a language which resembles a pythonized java, rather than a javascripty perl. The market in this instance is doing precisely what has been recomended by the leading theoretical voices in this area: coming from Zend, Sympfony, etc. My intended contribution is to provide a conceptual framework in which to make sense of these changes, to advocate for these changes, and to compare potential changes. Mailing lists are abound with favorite features, I've yet to see a feature suggestion with a complete argument of the kind I would advocate. Though some of the very best do actually get 95% of the way there (ontology: showing the new feature in other languages to "get a sense of what it is"; epistemology: showing how to reason about it in different areas; abduction: showing how it represents problems better than current technologies): if you look at a modern high quality PHP-RFC today you're getting very close to what i'm proposing. The open source market of merit is putting these individuals in positions of power over the evolution of languages, it would be useful - i suggest - if we could have a standard which provides the means for establishing good arguments from bad arguments in this area. I agree 100%. I think however that there are two projects: the "phenomenalist" and the "instrumentalist". In the former part it's a group of polygot philosopher-developers waxing philosophic about the nature of programs and in the latter it's "briefs for lead developers". Whilst my inclination in being a Husserlian first-and-foremost is to engage in the former, I think the latter is definitely of interest. The third choice, and this is i think what you mistake my current project to be, is this "binary reductionism" or "symbolic reductionism" where DSLs are either 0/1s or predictate-object statements. I disagree with this entirely, and i think it leads to the current "chose what you like" defeatism. I would like to explore the middle ground for awhile, an "early heidegger" if you like. I think that's going to get a lot more traction in the implementation community. There is definitely a lot of space at this moment in time for some real substantive work in all non-reductionist areas. NB. i think my use of "metalogic" has confused at least a couple of people into thinking im talking about something CSy. Logic in the sense a continental philosopher would use it: a mechanism of reasoning. As I say in my "notes on terminology" i mean to include things like the domain/business logic. I think that, for example, that "a car shouldnt start with no fuel" is part of the program (the metalogic of the program, not the logic itself: it is part of what we need to consider to fully understand the progran). Perhaps i shouldve used "meta-rationale" or something. As I said towards the end of the piece the intention is to come up with an abductive process an, "inference to the best representation", a formalized method for deciding between languages. I am aware that there are various taxonomies, and perhaps I shouldnt have made the aristotleian comment because it was rather misleading. My intention was to take an honest (you may say phenomenological) look at programming languages: to have a system by which the idioms of the language, its communal metalogics, etc. are all part of how we assess a language. Not the reductionism of the "procedural-functional", pre-existing landscape. I guess my point in referencing this landscape was to point out how inadequate it is, and how there might be a more complex and useful way of reasoning between languages. My next article on the subject, which I'd imagine will follow soon, will certainly be slightly refocused and clearer. This is very much a just-finished-typing first draft that I put out to see what the response would be, and what the appetite for this kind of analysis in the programming community is. The surplus he's talking about is in the structure of the program: why is it that way rather than any other? Because of some meaning attached to the program, some "metalogic" (my terminology): a logic about the program which is not formally in the program but which nevertheless has significantly affected it. facebook is not written in PHP, it's written in a PHP-like language developed by them which is then transcompiled into C++ and then to binary. > It's the job, not the tools. Again, this is what i disagree with. There really is something objective, independent, and "true" to be said about the utility of various languages in various problem domains. There really is a language which represents the problem space most accurately, for example. It's just defeatism to suppose that "it's all the same, whatever works". Innovation is, of course, the opposite drive. It is at the innovative egdes of programming languages that these debates are had. If you arent part of this innovative edge then it may seem to you that the things youre using are just "market decisions", they are far from it. Every programming language you are using has not been created by the market, it has been shaped by the very debates i am talking about. The market cannot create languages, it does not improve them, the market merely plays out a baggage'd history which language-theorists have to cope with. This is why PHP has changed so much: it is the force of the people who engage in this discussion on the market, to drive it towards "better". reduction implies elimination of something. the argument was never that a program could become incomputable, but that it is much more than merely what happens when it is run A Follow Up: http://blog.mjburgess.co.uk/2013/05/notes-on-systematic-argu... I think it's more a "who we want to be" kinda thing. Kickstarter doesn't want its brand associated with any potentially controversial/etc. topics. Exactly. All you really need to know is how to accomplish things in functional, OO and procedural languages. The advice given in the article is very nearly syntax based, not conceptual. Which is nearly useless if you're going very far from C/++. If you're in a procedural language the questions is: what's the for-loop? If you're in an OO language: are there iterators, how do I use them? If you're in a functional language: what the syntax for mapping, etc. All this Gaurdian praise neglects the fact that they have had all of their exclusives handed to them over the past few years, from WikiLeaks to Snowden... and for no good reason other than that's who it was given to last time. If papers such as the independent, etc. had been given this information, im sure there professionalism would have been the same or higher. Outside of handed-on-a-platter reporting, the Guardian has massively cocked up in the past (leading to the arrest of sources, etc.). Does that have more to do with the G. pushing it as a "unique selling point"? I dont know what the press landscape would look like if the indie/etc. had been given the exclusives, but I suspect it would be the same in reverse. Journalists are particularly cynical people constantly chasing after anything that will get their by-lines in front of faces.. i dont think we're looking at a paper which has suddenly found its 21st C. political morals, but rather a paper that has suddenly found whistle-blowers queuing up at their door. All this Guardian praise neglects the fact that they have had all of their exclusives handed to them over the past few years, from Wiki-leaks to Snowden... and for no good reason other than that's who it was given to last time. If papers such as the independent, etc. had been given this information, I'm sure there professionalism would have been the same or higher. Outside of handed-on-a-platter reporting, the Guardian has massively cocked up in the past (leading to the arrest of sources, etc.). Their iPhone app is paid, so i assume their android version is... I wont say this list is worthless, but, given that there's so much missing or wrong... it's at best pointless. I guess their plan might be to be bought-out by instagram when they get popular enough. It doesn't sound like their livelihoods depend on the app though, if it didn't get many downloads in its first year.