Is it people? Abaco (the web browser shipped with Plan 9) already does what you're suggesting, using webfs and an HTML parsing library. It might be possible to replace that parsing library with a version of Webkit or Gecko ported to Plan 9 in order to achieve "modern" web standards support while sticking to 9P and such for the actual network portion of web browsing. Abaco (the browser shipped with Plan 9) has support form most of the HTML4 spec, but lacks support for things like CSS and Javascript (see: http://plan9.bell-labs.com/sources/contrib/fgb/abaco.pdf ). It might be feasible to swap out Abaco's HTML parsers and such with a "modern" rendering engine like Gecko or Webkit while retaining its webfs-based approach to navigating the world wide web. I've always figured the latter explanation - that the picture from our eyes is distorted like that, but the brain corrects the image (it also doesn't hurt that we have two eyes, where as cameras typically don't; I wonder if multi-lens cameras are also subject to that fisheye effect?). > (even if it lacked the self awareness to feel the pain of running on a 386) Now we know the real motivation behind pretty much every sci-fi storyline involving AI revolts. I saw that; it looks incredibly excessive. If the emulator runs as a Java app, is it really not enough to just download a .jar and run it on whatever OS I happen to be running on my workstation? Or are there so many custom dependencies and configuration requirements that such an approach is infeasible? They could probably shave that footprint down considerably if they didn't bloat it with an Ubuntu VM. > You almost make it sound like proprietary per default is or can be broken while open source is not, that's a bridge too far Personally, I figure it might as well be; no way to fix it. I'd rather drive a beater that I know I can fix myself (or take to a local auto shop if I can't) if it breaks down than a high-end sports car that has to be taken to the dealer for something as trivial as an oil change. No software is perfect (beyond a trivial "Hello, world!" exercise); that's why being able to look for and potentially fix flaws is important :) > The disadvantage is that it's not a nix and you loose the whole ecosystem (no Posix). In my opinion, that's probably a good thing; less baggage that has to be maintained for POSIX compatibility. Remember that Unix was originally designed for large, centralized timesharing systems. It has been adapted to the embedded realm throughout the last couple of decades, but starting from scratch to create an OS specifically for the embedded realm is ideal. > may be probably cheeper to use something like a full-blown small computer (like the rasperry-pi) with Linux on it. In some cases. In the case mentioned by the article, however, a Raspberry Pi (for example) would make for a rather large badger collar. IoT is indeed a pretty broad and vague concept right now, but it already does demand very tiny hardware with size constraints dictating available computational capacity. That's where Contiki comes in. > If you used your preferred mail client, it wouldn't be encrypted end to end. Unless you and your recipient use something like GnuPG. I find that surprising; of all the systems we're maintaining (hospital), our AS/400 is the one system that's been pretty much rock solid. I've generally been a fan of IBM's hardware. I switched from Sprint to T-Mobile a week ago. Oh well. He looks much younger - and less bearded - than I'd imagined when reading The Story of Mel countless times. This changes my whole perspective on the story; the character of Mel transitions from a scruffy and disillusioned veteran to something of a youthful and rebellious hotshot. Thanks for the Librazette link and photo; that's awesome. > Requiere truly talent to do a hard-to-understand mess in python, and in that case, is very likely the code was made by a good developer ;) Last I checked, the whole "if it was hard for me to write, it should be hard for others to understand" was still a mockery, not a seriously-interpreted excuse. It ignores the fact that the programmer's future self will eventually need to maintain that code. The developer might have skill, but one who writes unmaintainable messes as anything other than a Perl-golf-style mental exercise probably lacks wisdom. :) And when it comes to a "book for that language", Programming Perl really does take the cake. If you don't enjoy Perl code that looks like a cartoonish string of censored profanities, you could always try including 'use English' in your program, which aliases more descriptive names to all those punctuation-mark special variables. See here: http://perldoc.perl.org/English.html The idea behind Perl being designed akin to a natural language isn't for its ease of learning, per se, but for its ease of expressiveness. English is probably significantly harder to learn than Python, for example, yet it's likely much easier to write a novel in the former than it is to write one in the latter. I hope so, too. Whatever the case, I've noticed far better reception with T-Mobile than I've ever had with Sprint (and this is way up in the Sierras, up near Tahoe; good cell reception is pretty much unheard of up here), plus I'm paying $20 less than what I was for Sprint even with the phone payments factored in, so I'm pretty happy with the switch, too. Haven't tried international roaming (I've never left the continental U.S.), but having that available makes me less nervous about being able to get in touch with someone if I'm abroad. I'll take this to mean that we should just fire our CEO and not have to worry about problems ever again. ;) rimshot It's like a doctor saying that he can't stop my kidneys from spontaneously dissolving within my body because human anatomy is "too complex". I wouldn't be nearly as averse to mass surveillance if the folks conducting it and holding my personal data didn't have the mental capacity of a goddamn pineapple. Depends on the jurisdiction. The site is based in Canada (at least according to the TLD), which doesn't classify it as a controlled substance. The U.S., however, does classify it as such and therefore disallows importation unless you have a prescription. Interestingly, adrafinil is completely unregulated in the U.S. (IIRC), and is sufficiently-closely related to modafinil that it basically has the same effects. By that same logic, though, teachers are then protected from being fired for reading from the Bible, or teaching creationism, or teaching abstinence-only birth control, or covering a topic like vaccination or astrophysics in any way other than demonization. Tenure isn't the appropriate approach here. Enforcing Constitutional law - like separation of church and state - is far more useful to actually achieve the desired results. If teachers are being fired for teaching actual fact, then they need to be bringing that to the legal system and turn it into a Supreme Court case. This whole "it protects secular teachers" argument is a silly justification for the negative impact California's tenure-fetish has had on students and younger teachers. That's true; he's probably a proto-scruffy-bearded hacker in that photo. I'd be interested to see him 10 years later; he'd probably put Thompson and Ritchie to shame in terms of beard mass. ;) I think you're mixing up my points. The Constitutional concern doesn't lie with tenure itself; enforcement of the Constitution would replace this rather far-fetched excuse for maintaining tenure as some holy trait. The legal system already exists to help teachers in cases where they're punished for teaching science instead of religion in government-funded institutions, since doing so already runs afoul of the establishment clause; a tenure system doesn't really add much, and (in my own observations at least) only seems to benefit veteran teachers at the expense of students and newer teachers. If it's unofficial, then there's not much to be worried about. Do your job and you'll be fine. I honestly don't think tenure is more effective than actual legal enforcement, namely because tenure isn't really effective for that purpose at all , especially when we're considering that the older teachers - the ones who benefit from tenure - are the ones who are probably in support of such pressure, which is more likely directed at the younger teachers, relatively fresh from college, who want their students to learn about the proper science they learned about in school but are afraid to do so when their paychecks are on the line.