I have a very simple question: What would happen if they tried to sue a developer in a country that doesn't consider software patents valid, and in which their patent has the worth of decorative piece at most? Said developers aren't interested in coming to USA, either. I wonder how the hell did they focus on Misaka and upskirts... cause anyone who read/watched the material would know, that the running gag is that her clothing makes any try at pantyshot futile... and thus doesn't really care about moving in a way that would normally expose her. I guess my astonishment comes from the fact that to me, the name reminds me not of a minor gag, but rather of the mentally-broken, war-torn 13~14yo who could take over any computer system, and use coins (and other conducting materials) as hypervelocity projectiles (thus her nickname, "Railgun"). So... once again, media jumping to worst possible interpretation? ... I am sorry, but that's very untrue. As it happens, not every language is implemented using runtime written in C/C++, nor does every language modules written in C/C++ to extend it instead of FFI. Dealing with libraries written in C++ without C API is one of the worst PITAs in my experience, leading to crazy things like KDE's SMOKE (which, to make it funnier, has bad documentation, so I'm still unsure if I can make it work outside Qt's object model) At that speed, it could easily cut through the rather delicate construct that is an airliner's wing, especially close to tip as it did. The simulation also didn't agree with facts, without proposing anything regarding why it the plane might end up where it was found. Pity the facts, right? Because "accident" is how you call such disasters? Also, people in the industry knew the less-than-sterling reputation of governmental transport service. EDIT: I should clarify that "accident" is a specific class of event in aircraft accident investigation, together with "incident". It's literally "aviation terminology" stuff. Except it's not 100 tons of steel. It's a very delicate structure of tons of parts, and the part that got damaged wasn't the most resilient (nor did it account for 100 tons of steel). Breaking into pieces happened when the whole plane hit the ground in the worst possible (for airliner) way - upside down. At over 180 km/h. A big problem is that the newer stack is not homogenous - the applications deployed on Dyno have much, much bigger variability than the old "Rails/Rack only" stack of Heroku. Meanwhile GAE stack is fully controlled by Google and reuses, afaik, their impressive "google scale" toolchest that goes from replacement naming systems, through monitoring, IPC, custom load balancing etc. While F5 and similar offer nice hw for that, I'm not sure if their hw (or HAProxy's software) supports the architecture type used by Heroku (many heterogenous workers running wildly different applications with dynamic association of worker to machine etc.) FB is a ghost town for me, despite having bigger amount of "friends" there than on G+... The difference is that the occasional content on FB is utterly lost between tons of "apps" and ads, to the point that I can count the amount of times I visited FB in 2012 on fingers. FB's last "pro" is Messenger... which I use actually to talk to only one person. Quebec's case is rather their laws regarding contests, lotteries etc. Basically any contest from outside Canada won't give a damn about working all of those rules in (if it's even possible at all), so they are simply banned from essentially all international competitions of this kind :) In their interactions with Quebec residents, apparently yes. The actual decoding passes don't translate well to shader architectures, so GPUs include custom circuitry to handle various transformations involved in decoding. I am sorry to say, but in this case, at least some people I know would refuse not because it's "old", but because it's PHP. They would joke about rather using COBOL than PHP, indeed. (I count among them, and yes, I do remember enough to somehow get by in ISPF on IBM mainframe ;)) The long loading time might be unoptimized-yet parsing of various XML files of ones app. In general, it's mostly an evolutionary work on existing IntelliJ Android plugin. The View editor afaik has some support for custom views, but only some - it's rather iffy (IntelliJ Android view renderer simply used Android libs to render them, but of course that doesn't work for everything, and anything fully programmatic is dead anyway). Fwiw, IntelliJ's XML editor was always much better at not freaking out at the fact that you haven't finished writing that new tag so of course your view doesn't validate (something that was a constant for me back when I used Eclipse). The editors in general are standard for IntelliJ, with some nifty transformations added - the XML string example reminds me of how IntelliJ dynamically renders certain idioms into Java 8 forms while still keeping the code in 1.6 (well, that's how I have it configured, that is). In general, it's nice, I hope it will be available as plugin into plain old IntelliJ as well. Hmm... other than some issues with disappearing completion windows (probably related to me running XMonad), I haven't really found it to be that ugly on linux... Maybe not very slick, but frankly speaking, for the benefits it's small price :D Could you describe your workflow/emacs.d ? I've been thinking of going with Emacs for Java coding for some time, but JDEE always seemed to be missing something (and some of the newer options tended to eat hilarious amounts of resources or required maven) I think that there's a significant number of people who didn't do the learning you apparently did, and instead tried a let's call it "vocational" approach. Funnily enough, such approach is at the core of the jokes about a so-called "humanist" studies leading to a job at McDonald's - the difference being that you can usually get by enough to start in STEM fields. The other group of people complaining about university, to whom I sometimes belong, is grumpy due to how easy it is to be self taught, even if you might miss some of the more theoretical stuff that you won't use unless you work on a harder problem than most software in the world. Sometimes it's not even about education as much as it is about finances - I quite often found myself looking at job ads and thinking "I could do the job right now if I dropped uni, and I would have no more problems with money". I have seen bias based on operating hours which can benefit USA based freelancers, but rarely I had seen someone explicitly wanting someone from USA when the job didn't involve on-site work. OTOH, I have actually seen jobs restricted to countries marked as "developing economies" in order to take only the cheaper bids. I think the real issue is that nobody[1] really cares about ad-hoc networking, especially in anything linux related. I recall times when NetworkManager team, back then the only "nice" tool for wifi, outright claimed they don't ever care about ad-hoc (or even static IP). Similarly, barely anything appears to support ad-hoc, and I am not sure if many current users recall that it exists at all… [1] an obvious hyperbole, but that's the feeling I get In Ruby World, Sequel ( http://sequel.jeremyevans.net/ ) probably gives a bit of best of both ORM and direct SQL use, because what it really does is an object-oriented ("native" to language) interface to SQL database. And yes, it can build models like ActiveRecord, too! In Common Lisp, postmodern ( http://marijnhaverbeke.nl/postmodern/ ) serves a similar role, with both DAO and lower-level access methods that compose pretty well. The 'perec' ORM from DWIM project was based on Postmodern, and among some weirder things I did quite easily was embedding custom SQL into query builder, so that the object-based accesses would use the advanced SQL. Really nifty feature :) Pretty much the only license that CDDL conflicts with is GPL, and that's because of differing approaches of both licenses rather than one being non-free (IMO). However, that doesn't really prevent it from being used with linux in any practical use… Yes, it does happen on some text inputs, it tends to depend on relative size (for example, I recall zoom in landscape but not necessarily in portrait, etc.). Generally I welcome it, because I can click on the teeeny input field and have it come "closer" to me for editing then get out of the way. IIRC, Sun sued Microsoft for creating & pushing proprietary extension that, when used, limited the created application to Windows platform and MS' JVM. Not for improving Java itself, afaik. Aren't both of those only on non-thinkpad branded machines? I think most Mac hardware doesn't have the ability to drive them at 60hz.