Wow. These "crackpot" ideas are so 2004 (some were stupid in 2004 and are still stupid today). But I guess the enterprise hasn't gotten them yet. OKCupid is pretty cool...but I can't imagine writing web apps in C++. It just seems pointless and kinda stupid. Performance of machines is so good these days...even the slowest web frameworks in high level languages (RoR and Zope/Plone come to mind) are plenty fast enough for almost every requirement. I'm sure the guys writing it right now can do fine with the language (and it appears they've created a reasonable DSL on top of C++), but hiring competent developers to take over or help move the product forward faster will be difficult. And, of course, there's a lot of benefit to choosing languages that are already in wide use for the general task you're working on. When I want to add email capabilities to my Perl or Ruby web apps, I go to CPAN or the gems library to find a good email library. In C++, I'm not convinced I'd be able to add interesting email capabilities (receiving, parsing, sending, etc.) in an afternoon...but I'm sure I could in Perl. But maybe I'm just too limited when working in C++. "even higher", as though 61,000 page views in a day is high. That's an average of less than one page per second. 61000/24/60/60=.706 I've built embedded devices that served Perl CGI pages from an all-Perl web server far faster than that (while also doing the work it was designed to do...the Perl CGI was just the administrative UI). I'm really quite hopeful that this isn't a good example of Rails scalability (because I've been playing with Rails of late with the intent to write my next project in it). I don't mind losing some performance and efficiency to improve coder efficiency, but there is a page load time at which your customers will get bored and leave...I don't want to find out what the load time is. No, but the benches are deadly. The really good looking one is me. What? Do you think they're made of money? Paul, Trevor and Robert only got 50 million out of Yahoo. A table costs...literally hundreds of dollars! (Of course, Paul does cook the dinners himself...but there's been a disturbing trend towards pizza at events and even one of the dinners.) I'm 32 and my co-founder is the 33 year old mentioned by Paul. We're a YC this year. I didn't particularly feel like age would have played any role in acceptance (though I believe we have the most traditional business model and most traditional product in the bunch, and had Trevor and Robert not been interested it may have triggered a "no" from Paul). There are three PhD candidate founders who are probably much closer to 30 than 20, as well. Anyway, I didn't notice any particular agenda for picking younger founders...younger folks are the ones that showed up (I met all, or nearly all, of the folks who got to the demo stage in Boston..including the majority that didn't get picked). If you allow "much-needed $$$s" to determine what you work on, you'll never get your real project done. This is how consulting businesses are born (and products die). No one is asking: "How big is this share of this particular market?" That'd be my question. If these two companies are fighting for share of a tiny pie, it's just stupid. If the pie is much bigger than I believe it is, then the game for market share hasn't even begun yet. The big players haven't even really placed their bets, and that's when things will get interesting (but you have to be there before the big players if you want a chance at walking away a big winner). Anyway, it's not a market I'd want to go after, because I don't see it being big enough for so many contenders (there are others out there--it's not just these two). But then, almost no market looks big "enough" to outsiders. People are always confused when I make claims about how large our market is (niche software for a 10-20 billion dollar worldwide industry that's increasing at a couple billion per year). So, if they've researched their market and found it large enough to make for big winners in a year or two, now is a fine time to enter it. Just because you and I know all about 37signals and think they're cool, doesn't mean anybody else knows what the heck they're building. The real market (folks who aren't web 2.0 developers) hasn't even begun buying this product on the web yet, and they certainly will. Everybody has an equal chance to be "first mover" at this point. Definitely not. I don't even have a four year degree, much less one from an Ivy League school, and my co-founder went to some school in Australia that I didn't even identify on the application, because I didn't know the name and had no time to check. (Our company was in WFP2007.) But if I were offering advice from what I know today, I'd say, "Go to a famously good school. It'll pay for itself in one to five years, depending on your path after college, and after that it's all gravy." I dunno what goes into the application vetting process, but I'll give the YCs credit for being extremely fair in the interview process. I met most of the other folks in Boston for the interview process (and spoke with many of them for a lot longer than the 15 minutes the YCs did), and while most who made it that far were impressive, the ones actually picked for the program were exactly the ones I would have picked as being most likely to succeed. And, interestingly, an MIT group that I met was turned down. I started my second company in Austin...and moved it to the Bay Area for WFP2007. The Bay Area is better. And not just by a little bit. My first company was started in Houston and moved to Austin for the better tech environment, but it turns out there's just not much really going on in Austin when you compare it to Silicon Valley. A few users groups and small conferences (plus SXSW, which is worth noting) does not a tech industry make. I miss Austin for the things that make Austin wonderful, but I don't think I'll ever go there to start a technology startup (unless things change remarkably in the future). And Mountain View and San Francisco are both great places to live, even if they aren't as cool as Austin. I think I'll pass on any investment that is based on an unrelated popularity contest. Popularity of my product ought to play a role here...but popularity of a video about it? Anyway, I don't get it and won't visit again, though I think there's still plenty of room in the online video market for niche entries. I have it on pretty good authority that at least two of the three Wufoos would prefer to move back to the valley. Our company is also staying in the valley for a while...though we'll eventually need a presence back in Austin (where I moved from for WFP07), because about half of the largest companies we want to sell to are in Texas. Good luck, old-timer. You'll have to let us (Virtualmin, ages 32 and 33, WFP2007) know how it turns out. We'd enjoy not being the oldest Y Combinator founders. I hope you're working on something even more boring than system administration tools, too, so we could kill two birds (the "oldest" tag and the "most boring" tag) Get ye to the nunnery. Or, maybe a college campus would be a better place to round up a co-founder. You're gonna need one. "What's such a class other than search?" Why "other than search"? Seems to me that at least half of the reason Google won was because every other search engined was tarted up with "portal" BS. That's UI. So, since it's clear to me that search isn't one of those classes, and the examples given ("systems" stuff) is the area my startup is working in and I'm absolutely certain that UI is going to be 50% of the success or failure of our company, I'm not seeing any area where UI isn't vitally important. One of the WFP2007 groups is working on a new language for mobile app development...and they're spending plenty of time on the "UI" even in that case. UI, of course, being anything that involves a user interacting with your system. I guess someone somewhere in this thread is treating UI as "pretty things on a web page"...but UI hacking is important no matter what you're doing, if you want to sell it. You're asking "why not add complexity?" Not a good place to start. If a project needs a database you'll know it pretty quickly...and it's easy to convert to using a database at that point. The only time I've ever regretted a decision about databases was when I designed a log processor that didn't immediately have relational needs...over a couple of weeks of implementing the requirements I ended up writing a relational layer in Perl against a Berkeley DB backend. That was stupid, and I should have thought a little harder about the requirements. But it was my first big solo project, so I blame inexperience for not recognizing a relational problem from the start. Luckily, SQLite had just been released, and converting my app to use it (and losing a hundred lines of code) was a one day operation. It made the app approximately 100 times faster for my data set. But, well over half of my applications since then have not required a database and have been well-served by flat files. While I'm sure your site is awesome, the Webby hasn't been a valid measure of quality in nine or ten years. Google Checkout and/or PayPal until you handle enough volume to justify the hassle of something else. Authorize.net makes you go through a reseller, and the resellers are less competent than a poorly trained chimp. It took me two months to get through the process: "The merchant account provider needs to see your website." "OK, here it is." "No, they need to see the shopping cart." "What!? We don't have merchant services yet. We're not going to put up a shopping cart that people can't order from!" "They won't set it up until they see the shopping cart." "OK, fine. Here's the link." "They said they went to your site and didn't see a shopping cart." "I sent you a link to the shopping cart. It isn't visible on the index page yet, because we can't take orders." "Oh. It has to be the real website." "Huh? It is the real website. I just haven't linked it from the front page...we already have users, I'm not going to confuse them with a shopping cart that doesn't work." "It has to be a real website." "You're kidding, right? Just send them to this link. I'm certain they'll be able to figure things out." "OK. They said there is no terms of service or refund policy clearly linked from your front page." "We don't sell anything yet. Why would we have those things on our front page? They're linked off of the store link I sent you." (This is the second time I've setup merchant services, and I knew they would need to see those things. It's not like they give a shit what they contain...they just insist they exist.) "They have to be on the front page." And so on. I won't bother to type in the exchange we had over the resellers first attempt to actually setup the username and password, or the fact that all payment information had to be faxed in. (Yes, you read that right. The reseller for Authorize.net that we went through would not accept payment online. And the form that was online was just a ruse...they made us fill out the exact same form again and fax it in.) Next time I build a shopping cart, I'll spend that time writing a payment backend for a payment processor that isn't operated by the functionally retarded. Or maybe I'll just use Google Checkout instead, and let them worry about the banking industry monkeys. Depends on why you applied. If you applied on a "Let's see if we can convince Paul to let us come to YC Summer Camp, and maybe we'll be rich this time next year" whim with not a lot of code written...maybe you go back to school and work on other ideas. Try again for Winter with a different idea or more code and a better presentation. Or apply for a job at an existing startup. Some of the WFP guys are hiring (Parakey, Zenter, and a few others) as are the Xobni guys from last years progem--all are wicked smart, have lined up some funding, and would be very helpful to you in your goal of becoming an entrepreneur. If, on the other hand, you've already written mumble-thousand LoC, and you are within a couple of months of launching, and you really believe in your idea and product, contact some other angels and seed investors. They exist. They aren't as cool as YC, but they have money and they have connections, too. As a last resort, if you're in the wrong city for raising money (anything other than Silicon Valley or Boston), warm up your credit card and give it a go. You can live for three months on a credit card (I've done it several times...I'm on my second company, the first being self-funded and sometimes credit card funded). Obviously, if you've got a family to support the "warm up your credit card" method of funding is right out. Otherwise, just keep your health insurance current, pay your taxes, and live on nothing but ramen and buy nothing between now and launch day. If your project is too big to launch in that short time, then that's why you were rejected by YC. Winnow it down to the smallest piece that has value and launch. Our project (Virtualmin) was huge (several hundred thousand lines of code, by the time you factor in Webmin and Usermin). But we were already selling product, and figured we were within a couple of months of "finishing" the beta period (we were off by a little bit, as we're still a couple of weeks away from wrapping it up six months later--partly because of the major strategy shifts we made during WFP2007). I believe there have been a couple of others. This is probably the reason the application no longer requires an idea: YC figures if you're talented/persistent enough, you'll eventually hit on something good. PHP is pragmatic and pretty fast, but everything, everything, everything, beyond the "HTML template language" bits, are bolted on with whatever tools were handy at the moment. I'd be stunned if more than a couple hours of design work went into the object system, the type system (where == and === are used for evil rather than good), or even the standard library function names. It has some strengths: Big library (not as big or as high quality as CPAN, so if library support is what you need, go for Perl), a lot of example code (but it's mostly horrible quality...even good examples are pretty bad in spots), and really easy deployment. So, if you're building an Open Source project that you want a lot of people to use, it's a great choice--PHP is available on every hosting server on the planet. Or, if you need a "blank-plus-this-widget" you can probably find the "blank" already written in PHP and then build your "widget" on top. But, if you're starting from scratch, why commit yourself to working with a shoddy language for the months or years it'll take to finish? There are good imperative languages out there for web app development: Ruby and Python, in particular. Though the frameworks craze for these languages are partly to bridge the gap that they have with PHP (they're all missing a "view" layer for the web, because PHP is a reasonably powerful, if ugly, template system), and a lot of the other crap just makes things ugly...they get built for one particular application and then stretched for general-purpose use, and in the stretching they get a bit misshapen and hard to fit into any specific task. Anyway, Ruby and Python are pretty and reasonably consistent languages that are nice to work with. PHP is neither. Perl...well, it ain't necessarily pretty, but CPAN is hard to beat when you just want to get the job done...and you can treat it as a functional language pretty effectively, which is all the rage around these parts (and you'll probably want to after you see the bolted on object system). I find Mountain View a good fit. Close enough to investors. Far enough away from anything resembling real night-life (because I'm here to work...really, really, work). I'll move to the city when I don't want to work anymore. I'm sure the city works for some startups, but I don't think it would work for me. In WFP2007 the languages/platforms used, roughly in order of popularity) were: Ruby on Rails PHP Java Perl That's not all of the technologies used, but I think that's a pretty good representation of the mix in order of popularity (there might be a Python group in there, too, but I can't think of who). One group is writing their own language and framework (Tsumobi, implemented in J2ME), while others are working predominantly in JavaScript (Zenter) or ActionScript (Heysan) for large parts of their product and the backend language is entirely unimportant (I'm betting Zenter probably only has a couple thousand lines of server-side code, versus tens of thousands of lines of JavaScript). Actually, nearly everyone is doing some of their work in JavaScript, and it's the one language that I know I can ask any of the developers in the program questions about. They all came from TechCrunch, perhaps?