I got the impression from James's post that he wasn't actually "giving up" his millions, he was locking up all future profits in the business and reinvesting them. He converted HotOrNot from an S-corporation to a C-corporation. You can certainly reinvest profits from an S-corporation into the business or pay out profits from a C-corporation as dividends, but the incentives go different ways. S-corp earnings are taxed as ordinary income (none of the double-taxation of corporate profits) and S-corps can't give out different classes of shares, so there's an incentive to distribute the profits out to the shareholders. C-corp earnings are taxed once at the corporate level and then once as dividend earnings, yet they can have multiple classes of shareholders. The incentive is to build up the business and eventually seek an IPO, acquisition, or other liquidity event. It almost looks like James is positioning HotOrNot to get big and get bought. I did the first 7 semesters of my undergrad in physics, and still have a lot of friends doing Ph.Ds in physics. A bachelors in physics opens up a large expanse of possibilities - finance, management consulting, economics consulting, computer programming, high school math teacher, and of course physics grad school. A Ph.D in physics qualifies you for exactly one job: physics professor. There are far more opportunities for a physics drop-out than a physics Ph.D, particularly for someone who doesn't absolutely, positively love the subject. Is there anyone doing case studies of *unsuccessful* internet startups? The successful ones are helpful, but it's easy to fall prey to survivorship bias, i.e. there's no guarantee that any commonalities have to do with them being *successful* rather than *internet* or *startups*. A group of unsuccessful startups would be a nice control group, and maybe then we could draw some better conclusions about what makes a startup successful. And support paragraphs! Most informative, insightful comments take more than a couple of sentences. Currently, that makes them unreadable. This is a really cool idea...too bad it's over across the pond. There any gatherings like this in, say, the Boston area? In a good OS (I believe Linux qualifies), you only need to save the contents of the registers. Each process has its own address space, each thread has its own stack, and so there's no need to much around with memory beyond that. Stacks aren't actually copied around, the processor simply restores %esp and %ebp from the saved process data structure. IIR my OS design course correctly, the big performance hit is the switch from user mode to kernel mode. I'm not sure *why* that's a big hit, but it seems to be a slow operation on most processors. You can use user-mode threading libraries in C/C++, but Apache doesn't. Perhaps that's why it's slow. (The main reason it doesn't is probably that user-mode threading blocks the whole process when one thread performs IO, which obviously doesn't work well in an I/O bound application like a webserver.) There are other C/C++ webservers - like Lighttpd - that use poll/epoll for I/O. These should run even faster than YAWS/Erlang; anyone have any benchmarks to compare them? That's what PHP/MySQL are for. ;-) Many startups begin without VC funding and then take it as a mezzanine round before the IPO. They don't need the cash at that point; oftentimes, they're already profitable. But the VCs have connections to investment banks that can smooth the IPO process. Microsoft is the best example of this. I think ViaWeb may have done something similar before its acquisition. A lot of them may have been from the startup school(s). Sacca, Wolfram, and Woz were speakers at the first startup school, and the dates on the audio files are right after it. Only 1.045? ;-) Release it. I once worked at one startup that decided that their product sucked too much to even put into the hands of beta customers and went about rewriting it. The VCs canceled the rewrite 2 months later and shut the company down 6 months later. A little later, I was at another startup whose product IMHO sucks *more*. They, however, are profitable. They manage to get customers to fork over several hundred thousands dollars to use the product. There's almost *always* a buyer if you look hard enough. Entrepreneurs are usually the most critical of their own product; they ought to be, that's what makes them improve. But chances are, somebody somewhere really wants what you're making, and your job is to find them. Multiple founders != multiple programmers. Many startups with multiple founders have one founder do most or all of the programming work. As I understand it, Reddit is like this: Steve does the coding while Alexis does all the other miscellaneous work. Sun had 4 founders, but Bill Joy did the programming. AFAIK, DHH did most of the initial programming for 37signals, though they obviously have more now. Their advice (in "Getting Real") was to start with one programmer, one designer, and one person who could do swing work - a little server admin here, a little CSS work there. This also squares with Fred Brooks's advice in Mythical Man Month - a programming team should be organized like a surgical team, with one lead programmer and 5-7 people running support so he has no distractions. There're some big advantages to this structure, mostly involving communications overhead. With one programmer, you don't need to coordinate who does what. You don't need to explain what needs to be done. You don't waste time fixing broken interfaces. You can move quickly and add whatever features the customers want. I've worked for two startups that have both suffered by starting with a team of 4-5 (1 founder + 3-4 employees) instead of a single founder. It's very hard to get everyone on the same page on the requirements, particularly if the employees don't know the domain well. And when startups change direction frequently, multi-programmers tend to get demoralized (because the switching costs are higher and comparatively more effort went into the previous product), while single tech leads just throw away the old code and write whatever they need. Well, remember that he's selling bugtracking software. ;-) Many of Joel's articles are very good, but remember that they are designed to sell his product. You do need *some* sort of bug tracking system, but I've never found one that I like. I've used Bugzilla, Mantis, FogBugz (Joel's product) and reported on Jira, Sun's bugtracking system, and SourceForge, but the only one I halfway-liked was Jira. At work, I use pencil & paper along with fixing bugs as they're reported. For my startup, I'll likely roll up some custom solution, as I haven't seen anything that comes close to meeting our requirements. I'll take a second look at what's out there first, though - I've heard good things about Trac, and maybe someone somewhere has come up with a decent bugtracker. I'd amend that to "Never partner with someone who is not technically literate as you, *if* they think they are as technically literate as you or believe that technical literacy is not important." It can often be very productive to partner with someone with people skills, or business skills, or finance skills. Those things *are* important, and yet you won't have spare brain cycles for them if you're doing hardcore programming. That person just needs to realize that *you* call the shots when it comes to technical decisions. Warren Buffett's advice applies, as always. "It's not how much you know that matters. It's how realistically you assess what you *don't* know." The prequel "Built to Last", however, is great for startups. He studied "visionary companies" in that one (including HP, IBM, Merck, 3M, etc.), and includes a lot about *how* a visionary company starts. I heard echoes of Built to Last in Woz's presentation at the startup school, so it's not just old-economy companies that it applies to. "In my opinion, startup founders hit mid life crisis in their early 20s." I'd agree with that. I'm 25 and sometimes wonder if I'm over the hill. Then again, my boss in my day job (sole founder and CEO) is almost 50. So it's not *impossible* to start late. I have noticed that it makes things difficult, culture-wise. The startup I'm at has a very 9-5 culture and tends to move fairly slowly, which is frustrating for young, ambitious hires like myself. It does have customers and manages to turn a profit, but I worry that we're falling behind the technology curve and may find ourselves without customers if a major market shake-out occurs or a competitor invades. The examples given also support JWZ's theory of social software: software exists to get people (or dogs) laid. I'm the tech lead. I make all technology choices, figure out the overall system architecture, and so far have done all the programming (we may pull other founders over to some of the easier programming tasks later). I did not have the original idea, nor do I have any talent at graphics design, so I'm glad I have cofounders for that part. There's one other problem with single founders that I don't think gets enough press: When you're a single founder, it's very easy to think in terms of "You against the world", with other people being mere tools in your quest for global domination. Because, well, a single-founder startup really is you against the world. ;-) Unfortunately, that attitude can carry over into dealings with employees, investors, etc. No employee is going to give his best effort when he thinks he's just a tool for some entrepeneur's quest for world domination. When you have cofounders, there's much more of a shared sense of working towards a goal. If your smart, that'll carry over to employees too: they'll feel like they're working for the company and customers and not just for you. That kind of culture is very difficult to generate after the fact. You can start with it and lose it, but you can't start without it and hope to gain it. It's interesting that one of the more successful single founders - Bob Metcalfe of 3Com - said that the secret of his success was "giving away his company". It's that kind of attitude that you need. This article has some wonderful correlation-vs-causation confusion, eg. "Job-satisfaction levels tend to rise as the hours worked per week increase" could be better phrased as "People work more hours per day as their job satisfaction rises (but start to hate their jobs once they start working 60+ hours per week)" and "respondents who expect to remain in their current position a year from now reported higher satisfaction levels" could be better phrased as "People with low job satisfaction do not intend to remain in their current position a year from now." How about hooking up previously-successful YC entrepeneurs with new applicants? At this point, I'd value the Reddit guys as much as mentors as you or RTM (no offense). YC would then grow like a B-tree. In the beginning, all founders are on the same "page". As the page grows beyond its size limits, the page is split, successful founders are promoted up to the parent level, and there's more room to new founders at the leaves. You'd need to run it by former YC-entrepeneurs, and it'll probably be a few years until their startups are self-sustaining (or bust) enough for them to take on other projects. But if they're like other entrepeneurs at all, they'd probably love to take a role in mentoring new YC applicants. I'm curious - why is a pre-launch startup hiring a COO to begin with? Don't you have to launch in order to have something to operate? (I'm of the opinion that founders should avoid hiring anyone for as long as possible, instead bootstrapping off their own abilities until they gain some traction in the marketplace. In addition to saving money, this also gives you a better idea of precisely what you *need* so you don't hire for the wrong qualities. It'd suck to hire a COO with experience scaling Java enterprise apps to 99.9999% uptime, only to find that your actual business model demands a Python consumer webapp with few uptime requirements but massive social scaling challenges.) Second-tier university endowments and pension funds, the ones trying to catch Harvard & Amherst in endowment performance. They know that if the fund performs well, they look like a genius, yet if it fails, the poor college students and retirees are left holding the bag. The whole economy has a huge moral hazard problem. There's a reason why John Nash won a Nobel Prize. There was some study - I think it was linked to on Dharmesh Shah's blog (onstartups.com) a month or so back - that indicated the success rate for first time entrepreneurs in VC-funded tech startups was 18%. For entrepreneurs with a previous failure it was 20%, and for entrepreneurs with a previous success it was 33%. I suspect that the success rate is somewhat higher for bootstrapped tech startups, because you're given the option of failing and trying again with the same company, different idea. Usually if you fail with a VC's money, they liquidate the company. If you fail with your own, you can take the assets you have and try to redirect them to a new line of business. I thought I saw another study somewhere that said that the average number of failures a bootstrapped startup goes through is 4. That squares with the success rates for VC-funded startups above, if you assume that each failure simply means the entrepreneur tries a new idea. You have a 18% chance of succeeding on the first try, a 33% chance of succeeding by the second try (82% * 82% = 67.24% chance of failing), a 45% chance of succeeding by the third try, and a 55% chance of succeeding by the fourth try, for an average of 3-4 attempts necessary before success. More selective doesn't necessarily mean a higher success rate, if VCs can't pick the winners at a higher rate than their general frequency in the population. Wasn't there just an article on here about how VC-funded "A teams" do no better, and often worse, than VC-funded "B teams". And I thought your "Unified Theory of VC suckage" mentioned this too, though rereading it, it seems more about how VCs take winners startups and make them fail rather than how winners avoid the VCs to start with. That said, my high school math teacher and first employer was an angel investor, and he said his success rate was *well* under 10%. A lot also depends on your definition of failure. When Ludicorp shut down Game Neverending and launched Flickr, would that count as a failure? If they had taken millions in VC funding, would they have been able to shut down GNE and say "We're going to build a photo-IM client"? I'm currently working for a (profitable) startup with 4 products. Only one of them is generating any revenue. If that had been VC-funded, it likely would have been 4 separate companies, 3 of which were failures.