Diagnosed with ADD as a child via. A 6 week double blind study with teachers, parents, doctor. I still take medication as an adult and makes me able to be a software engineer. Without it, I do maybe 4 hour work days. Unsustainable. My largest challenge is dealing with misinformation and the, "oh everyone has ADHD" perception. It's painful to feel so dismissed when my disorder drastically affects who I am, and diagnosis and treatment affects who I get to be. I just can't justify writing my team's code base in typescript. I don't want to make that move, setting us down a very specific path. I don't want to add another layer of training to develop on our codebase, but mainly, I just don't have the confidence that it's a right or wrong choice, and its a big choice. But I get a sense that it would be great to try for smaller, disposable projects as that's limited risk. Does anyone else struggle with TypeScript simply because of how big a choice it can be? I hear you. I'm terrified by the kinds of interviews that want programming trivia. In the last three years I've never had to code a binary search tree. But I should be able to show you I'm very comfortable with Python. I find it beautiful that some things in math are so easily and convincingly disprovable that brute force is a valid approach. Once you have the numbers, it's easily reproducible. Things that look like colonialism are no longer considered acceptable in this era. I installed a different environment and hid all the apps I never use. I can get to them but they're absent from my day to day. I went through a number of iphones and loved the simplicity that iOS provided. Then I got an Android and put a lot of work into my UI via settings menus and drag and drop, which resulted in something far more minimal than what iOS was (at the cost of setting it up). I understand what you're saying and don't necessarily disagree, particularly as I don't know enough about the subject to form a strong opinion. I would intuit that one might argue the contract was in error if there's a clear indication of intent. Same to you. Can you explain why you think so? I bet an analysis like that will find a ton of code that shouldn't be abstracted. Maybe at some compilation level more optimization can be done. But perfectly optimized code is likely much less maintainable. Nevertheless, it would be very revealing and educational. How important is a name for uptake? I think this one might actually have an impact. Not sure why. It just looks and sounds weird. I would love to learn more about languages and marketing. Off to Google! Coding is like driving. Even someone from a developing nation who has never seen it before can learn it. But we aren't all professional race car drivers. It is easy. And it is very very hard. What damage does it do to have a selection of tools available? I like yours better. It's funny. I agree with that 100%. Especially with programming. My largest argument for a large standard library like python's is that we are at least all using the same tools. But for some reason your suggestion really rubbed me the wrong way. Probably because I use Ubuntu a lot and find tremendous value in it. I'll have to revisit my opinions on the matter. I went to school for non CS STEM and now I do software engineering as a career. You're absolutely right. All that stuff was totally critical to me. Clearpath isn't going anywhere. ;) Apply! We love our co-ops. Without reading the article I assumed this would be some tutorial on official Mac OS tools. Once I read it, it was obviously not the case. Just anecdotal evidence. This is why conservation is important, even as a selfish act. Take away bear habitat and you have safety problem to deal with. And the bear patrol tax isn't cheap! The article seems to suggest there's massive illegal logging problems that caused loss of habitat and food. What django gave us out of the box would have been impossible with SQL in the same timeframe with the resources we had. If we had the luxury to do things properly and fully the first time, we never would have made it to market with our robots. This isn't to say that one day we won't throw away django or use more SQL. We just had real world schedules to deal with. "clever code isn't." Is what I try to teach all who will listen. Good code should never be illegible to newbies. And if they can read your code, they can learn way faster. Thanks for sharing your experiences. I would have never known Bluetooth was anything less than a dream. I've apparently been very fortunate. Usually considerably slower than just writing it all again. There needs to be a journal called "Failures" that focuses exclusively on failed experiments and unreproducible results. I'm far more interested in learning why something may have gone wrong. Maybe it's just me but I feel it would surprise many people with its popularity.