Yup, it's pretty bad for you. I try to stand as much as possible, but standing desks aren't exactly cheap, and I don't have a dresser that's the right height. NYTimes ran a few articles a while back about this very subject.. http://opinionator.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/02/23/stand-up-whi... http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/07/14/phys-ed-the-men-who... A key point: "The men worked out, then sat in cars and in front of televisions for hours, and their risk of heart disease soared, despite the exercise. Their workouts did not counteract the ill effects of sitting." Good idea.. I'll have to try that. Lots of Nietzsche, with healthy doses of pragmatism (James & Dewey), some empiricism (Hume), and rationalism (Spinoza). Hacker News. Not political-views-of-some-hackers news. I'm assuming it's just the general term for a 'piece of transmitted information', no matter what the medium. I'm strongly looking into transferring to the Koln International School of Design ( http://kisd.de/home.html?lang=en ) which is in Cologne, Germany. (I'm currently a sophomore at a US non-design school.) It's a unique program that basically covers every field of design; the major is called "Integrated Design." You essentially choose your own curriculum. It really comes down to what sort of design you're interested in. US schools tend to be focused on 2 subjects, with not much else: industrial design and communication/web/graphic design. Different schools are better at different things, but to highlight a couple: Carnegie Mellon: strong in communication design, interaction design, Human-Computer interaction, and generally anything computer science related. Cincinnati: not so great of a school in general, but the design department is top 5 in the country, mostly because the program requires 4+ co ops (internships.) Supposedly they're pretty good at traditional product/industrial stuff. I decided to pass on design school a few years ago, mostly because I didn't want to be pidgeonholed into either of those subjects. I'm pretty familiar with design schools, so I'd be glad to answer any specific questions. Also try http://boards.core77.com Are you looking for an undergraduate program or grad program? I know more about the undergrad program (Integrated Design), but they also offer a Masters in European Design and a Masters in Integrated Design. The following info is for undergrad, Integrated Design. (Just to be clear, I don't actually attend this school (yet) and haven't visited.) 1. To enter: a 6-month internship in a design-related field. I believe that they also consider relevant work experience. 2. The program is a bit different than most schools; instead of classes, you work on projects. Any student can take any project (with some limitations) and students of all years work together. Subjects: essentially, there are around 15 departments: audiovisual media, manufacturing, service design, typography, interface design, etc. To graduate, one must take at least 1 project in 10 of the departments, and fulfill the certain amount of project points. There’s also some other “classes”, like seminars and workshops. Hence the name “integrated design” – you can, for the most part, “design” your study curriculum out of the offered projects. 3. Most classes are taught in English if requested, but I believe you have to still take a basic German test. There’s a ton of information that I am leaving out, so I recommend you just browse the site for a while. Check out these pages, in particular: Studies - http://kisd.de/studies.html?&lang=en Study programs (notice the PDFs for each program) - http://kisd.de/studyprograms.html?&lang=en Departments/Subjects - http://kisd.de/subjects.html?&lang=en Applying - http://kisd.de/application.html?&lang=en Applying FAQ - http://kisd.de/application_faq.html?&lang=en International Students - http://kisd.de/1908.html?&lang=en (all from the nav bar) edit: sorry for the horrible formatting. And feel free to ask any other questions. Sorry, I really don't know much about most European schools, other then the few I'm stumbled upon. I'd imagine that schools in Italy (possibly France) would focus more on art, design, fashion, etc. as opposed to service design, engineering, etc. But I have little to no evidence to back that up. Looks like they're redirecting it to USA.visa.com Maybe "mother" would have been a better term to use? Sure. I couldn't find your email in your profile either! Or in your blog. Tsk tsk, HN. (and I mean the site, not you.) Anyway, feel free to contact me. http://www.google.com/recaptcha/mailhide/d?k=01YWSQ0iQDYIbvG... /avoiding spam It's certainly commendable to give away a vast fortune, and I don't want to take away from this honorable act in any way. But I wonder why more ridiculously wealthy entrepreneurs don't, ya know, preneur? Especially in the nonprofit "make a difference space". A billion dollars to charity is cool. You know what's really cool? A billion dollars towards a celebrity billionaire-spearheaded do-good project. (Or 1 million dollars each towards 1000 projects, etc.) Maybe I'm missing something, and I'm certainly no billionaire, so I probably am. But if I were a billionaire, I'd be more interested in angel investing (in promising, impactful projects) and my bringing my own ideas to life. But I digress. Bravo to the billionaires. Really, this is awesome. I always thought engineering was the application of science. A scientist observes, experiments, and records his findings. An engineer uses these findings to build stuff. I wonder if this has anything to do with server resources; IE is 1 30-minute video less intensive and take up less space than 3 10-minute videos? (Considering that most long videos are just cut into parts.) If so, I'd imagine it would have an impact, considering the sheer size of YouTube's userbase. Gotcha. But wouldn't longer movies being in multiple pages/clips serve more advertising? I realize that the clips may not even be uploaded if a time limit is imposed, but I would assume that more clips = more potential ad clicks. I suppose also that the advances in Content ID (the copyright checking system) may only be effective on longer clips. All in all, there are advantages and disadvantages to both approaches, and maybe YouTube is just taking the least complicated route. I see. I should probably watch more Youtube before I start asking obvious questions about it. Thanks! Not quite sure I agree. Anonymous has zero financial incentive to do any of this, which may or may not be a requisite to gang-status. Either way, it's still a point worth considering. Good point, but I think that some, if not the majority of gangs only exist to make money. No money = no power = no gang. Anonymous has no comparable feature. I see anon more as a sort of underground ideological group than anything else. The first comparable movement that comes to mind is Project Mayhem (with less physical destruction of property and more identity ambiguity.) Still waiting for my flying car... Actually, it's been even longer than 25 years. http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=2550902895914120566# But I'll be patient. Very impressive. I'm curious to see how it performs in the wild though -- can it translate signs outdoors just as well as in a studio? I really hope so. Make a simple web app that sells for $15 a month. You'll only need to get roughly 150 customers to make $2000. Or change the price and recalculate. I will be learning how to hack! Planning on going HTML > CSS > Javascript > Ruby. Not all over the holidays, of course. Yup. It just comes down to value, and it depends on the app. Underpricing something that has a lot of value is generally not a great business move. Especially when you intend on adding features later. But if it's just a simple web app, presumably one that has some similar competition, then $5 may be a better idea. I have no experience selling a startup, so my opinion is probably not worth much... 1. Running a company isn't the same as building a startup. Two different skill sets, for the most part. 2. On to the next thing. Unless my startup is fighting some huge, globally important problem, I'd rather take the money and put it towards something that is more relevant. Just think what Zuckerberg could do with billions of dollars towards a serious issue. Staying at Facebook isn't a bad thing, per se, but with that sort of financial power one could really make a bigger difference than connecting people online.