Charge them a dollar per line? I'm 35 and I just recently started trying to turn what had been a hobby into something that pays. I harbor no illusions about ever making decent money at it though. TRS-80 Color Computer 2, represent. I work with PHP and javascript so I already knew I was scum... I want to. I do have a ton of for-the-love projects which seemed impossible when I started, that i've learned a lot from, failure by failure. I've even got an app I'm building in Laravel (and this is the last you'll likely hear about it.) Unfortunately with where I'm at right now it's just been scutwork that puts gas in the car. I might even take a cs course this year assuming it's possible to get the loans. I'm still paying off an art degree though. By the way never get an art degree. Interesting, and nice design. I'd like to be able to add my github and behance.net profiles as well if I can. Those would reflect my skills a lot better than would my facebook. Also I don't really like that my username seems linked to whatever my email address was -- I should be able to display my real name, and if I can change that I haven't found where yet. What is the user ID for and why is it listed in my profile? I would like to know a bit more about how you're handling payment, and dealing with conflict and arbitration. Can I connect my paypal account? Is there some kind of escrow thing like elance uses? Couple more things. Why is it linked to my facebook account? I don't remember ever opting in for that. How do I unlink it now because my facebook account is not a business account. For that matter, how much control do I actually have over what you pull from my accounts? - Can I delete anything you add and unlink any accounts I link? - Can I opt not to synchronize my accounts or lock my profile at a certain state? - Can I delete my entire workio account if I want, and if so, what if anything does workio retain of my data? Fair enough. I would rather the site showed me that it discovered the account/data and then gave me the option to include it or not, that would have seemed a bit less intrusive. The assumption that it's automatically stuff I want on that profile may not be true. I may not want to present that particular name or profile pic, or deal with not accepting friend requests from clients. I did teach myself enough Perl to write what was possibly the worst flat-file bbs script ever, ages ago on Tripod. >_> I assume this means that if Romney wins everybody gets a raise? Github has standards? Uh oh. Everybody wanna be Michaelangelo, don't nobody wanna bust rocks. Looking around your apartment for something to pawn for food money. If I wasn't there, I was certainly close while I was in school. I remember how embarrassed I was to have to pawn the tv my mother got me for Christmas, when it was the last thing in the apartment I thought I could get something for. Apart from captcha farming what are the issues with recaptcha? >However, isn't that something of the past? Not even remotely. Adobe Business Catalyst users have been getting hammered with comment spam for months now, it shows up in waves on livejournal and I catch it regularly in my akismet queue in wordpress. I see it everywhere, still. If there's a form, something will try to post a link in it. >I've totally outsourced my blog comments to Disqus That's all well and good until someone writes a bot designed to target Disqus users because of the size of its userbase. Clearly the answer then is to kill all the humans. Look at it this way -- now you get to find another new way to easily beat comment spam. And then another. And then another... Some terms could use further disambiguation. For instance - 'lance armstrong' brings up lance, arms (but not arm) and armstrong (which is apparently an airport in Louisiana) but not Lance Armstrong. Cobra brings up the snake, the Cabinet Office Briefing Room but not the insurance plan. Still, it is pretty cool. skeleton + twig + laravel = no complaints. Great. Now make a big blue button to write the app for me as well, and a green one to send me all the money. Maybe a naive question/response on my part but why not rather encrypt it and hold it in a session? Or if you have to put something in a cookie, just a reference that points to some data on the server like an id, which has no real meaning to the end user? I meant storing it on the server - just preferring not to have any actual cc data on the cookie, even obfuscated or encrypted. It may be a distinction without a difference, though, I honestly have never dealt with anything more complex than your basic 'hash username and password and check the hash when they login' scheme. If it works, then it's genius and next month everybody does it. If it doesn't work, then there's still nothing pathetic about believing in yourself and trying to make yourself heard above the din. The worst that could happen is she doesn't get a job - not an unheard of situation to find oneself in. At the very least, the data (encrypted or no, but it should probably be encrypted) on the server related to a session lives outside the webroot, whereas in a cookie, even if it is encrypted, it's still essentially public. If there's no reason to have that data, explicitly, exposed in the client then why put it there?