I'm building something probably best described as a Dropbox competitor but with a p2p twist. No blockchains or tokens, just performant code, no-non-sense offering with a SAAS style (optional) subscription. Currently at the proof-of-concept stage. One-person outfit so far. Sounds like a nice way to end up in a plea bargain. I think it used to be in 20 years time. https://bigthink.com/videos/fusion-really-is-20-years-away-2... Even in the US people get away with all sorts of stuff when there's no evidence. killall -9 vim There was a drive which used the rotational energy in the platters to generate electricity enough to write out what was in the cache. I wanna say it was IBM. I think it's easier to sit down and stay put on a snowboard, just about everywhere. Whereas with skis, you seek out some snow naturally, probably on the sides, just to don't glide any further. (You don't want to sit down with skis. Sitting down provides more friction than standing up.) So you are advocating pogroms? I'll take democracy over that. Maybe foolish, but actually with a shred of ideology except Power. Damn, I was bit by this, I had forgotten about it because it was such a long time ago. No, the meta-data is somehow distributed and fsck can pick up pieces of it. I don't think you have to encrypt the image to avoid the edge case, a compress of the image should be enough. It still sucks though. Sure, but I read it like you wanted to respond in kind. It is'nt clear. For instance, to me it's not clear if that can be obstruction of justice in a forth-coming investigation. So? Aren't we talking about hiding evidence that something may have connection to sanctioned individuals? If so, I agree with everything you said but it could still be obstruction of justice. Very cool! This triggered another idea - our ears already can move a slight bit by its own muscles. Can't we read these muscle movements, and amplify them by controlling the servo Cat Ears in sync? Might be easier to learn to control, maybe. I think the success is partly accidental - when these schools started, traditional schools were often militaristic in style and with a focus on obedience and listening in silence. Montessori schools emphasised interaction and discovery using the simple tools of the day, like tools and toys. In todays school, the kids are often overstimulated by our current multi-media world. Montessori schools provide a calmer environment. So my pet theory is that they started out as stimulating under-stimulated kids, and today are calming down over-stimulated kids. Our human "cameras" also scan constantly, have crazy dynamic range, employ dynamic shades (hands) and move around several feet, inside a protective weather proof shield, as well employ "sensor fusion" with "microphones" and "vibration detectors". To add to the confusion, there are two main kinds of brake fluid: The classic, pro: works well even under high temperatures resulting from prolonged braking. Con: absorbs water over time and must be replaced fairly often even if not stressed. New kind, pro: does not absorb water and does not degrade as much on its own. Con: braking action gets "spongy" when the fluid heats up from prolonged braking. As a staunch advocate against war crimes, the sensible move is to outlaw the Russian commander in chief. Russians sometimes name Ukrainian "Little Russian". So the newspeak name for Russian could of course be "East Ukrainian" or "Little Ukrainian". How about non-nation states, such as the US? Maybe the Erlang way is more letting the entire thread crash and "bound" it with a restart? ElementaryOS is leaving a lot of money on the table. The reason is that they have an established user base, and there is an app store, which is very curated. People would be more than willing to pay for apps on that app store. Not so many developers are willing, though. The thing is, to publish on the app store, the source code must be publicly available on for instance, github. If they allowed app developers to sell truly commercial software, ElementaryOS could be a self growing machine, and they could give away the OS for "free" and keep the OS open source. Maybe it's not as "pure" as what they are doing now, but on the other hand they could reach so many more people if they had more monetary resources. But ElementaryOS is in a unique position to monetize which they don't use. They don't allow commercial applications on their app store. I'd publish there in a heartbeat, if they did. They are also in the position they (barely) function at a very low cost. They don't need a lot of cash flow to make a huge difference. If someone has a way in with them, please please mention this. I'd hate for ElementaryOS to die, I really like it and have followed it from the beginning. It's the only Linux which strikes the balance between being "normal" and caring about simplicity, consistency and ease of use. If they got decently paid, by allowing proprietary apps, one of the competing apps could stick around by virtue of actually making money. The ElementaryOS company would also get more cash, and could, (like Apple!) improve a core set of apps. A "kernel" of good quality Linux apps could also spread to other distributions, and hopefully slowly coalesce around GTK and "ElementaryOS" style GUI as a de-facto standard. (Since the other distros are more accepting of jumbled GUI styles anyway, why not make your app on ElementaryOS first, and distribute that version on the other Linux versions, too.) Anyway, the hurdle is not technical - flatpaks or no flatpaks. The hurdle is strategy and ideology.