The article is mostly about the Ruby bindings, but Tokyo Cabinet is written in C99 and has bindings for most of the usual suspects. English language specifications are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/spex-en.html This looks like a good Hash and BTree implementation. It's done in C99 with bindings for many other languages. English language specifications are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/spex-en.html Benchmarks comparing to (among others) BerkeleyDB, TDB, and NDBM are here: http://tokyocabinet.sourceforge.net/benchmark.pdf Which of the activities would be illegal? The article concludes that while these activities may be unsavory, they probably aren't illegal: "So is it legal for Yelp to do all this? Probably, according to Matt Zimmerman, senior staff attorney at the San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation." For reference, I'm a Bay Area business owner with positive reviews on Yelp. I recently received solicitations for advertising, and noticed that our most negative review (non-recent, low votes) appeared to have been moved to the top of the list just prior to the advertising pitch. The sales agent was asked about this, and responded: "The review algorithm has a number of interesting caveats in it. Some of which are best match and relevancy issues." We did not receive promises of special treatment or the repositioning of this review, but I felt this was implied. While I don't feel that Yelp was acting illegally, I lost a lot of faith in their business practices as a result. I did not participate in this article, but I believe it is accurately reported. For what it's worth, that negative review (which was from a customer with a legitimate complaint) is now back in a more neutral location, without any further action on our part. Perhaps (and I hope) this was a few rogue employees on the sales team, and the company has now cleaned up its act. I have one of the new packages in front of me (bought by a friend), and I have to say that there is not a single thing that I like about it. It's hard to read (text is sideways), vacuous ("Drink in the spirit of the morning"), and the juice pictured looks sickly and pale. The most readable text, and hence the part my eye is drawn to, reads "Some Pulp". At best, it looks like a weak imitation of a high-end store brand. I'm left with two questions: First, why would Tropicana choose to change their existing strong brand to this, rather than launching this as a side-brand under a new name and testing the market? To my limited knowledge, there are probably the strongest brand in orange juice in the US. I don't see why they would take this risk. Second, it sounds like many people here and elsewhere actively like the new look. Others, such as me, do not. I have to presume that I'm in the minority, otherwise the consumer resistance would have turned up during Tropicana's user testing. Any ideas on why what underlies the divide between the presumed majority who like the new design and the curmedgeonly minority such as myself? > I'm not so sure of your policework on mmap() vs. read() Scott's conclusions agree with my experiences very well: if you design around mmap(), and let the system handle the caching, you can end up with something several times faster than the traditional alternatives. This isn't to say that your criticisms are completely wrong, just that they don't match up with the actual testing. * "extra copies" [are cheap] True, but the real cost is the greater memory footprint. Less application buffering means more room for cached pages. And this cache is transparent across multiple processes. * extra page faults I think the opposite turns out to be true. Letting the system handle the buffering results in more cache hits, since the memory is used more efficiently. * blow your TLB Theoretically a problem, but in practice one doesn't linearly access the entire file. The beauty of mmap() is that it allows for brilliantly efficient non-sequential access. * B-trees vs C++ containers While it's true that you have to think closely about the memory layout of your containers, if you do so the access patterns can be even better than a B-Tree. If the container has been designed for efficient memory-access with regard to cache-lines and cache-sizes, it tends to have great disk-access as well. What's really beautiful about the mmap() approach is the simplicity it offers. In this model, RAM can be viewed as a 16 Gig L4 cache, and disk as a multi-Terabyte L5. Just as one currently writes code that doesn't distinguish between a fetch from L1 and a fetch from main memory, mmap() allows extending this syntax all the way to a fetch from disk. Now, this doesn't mean that one can just substitute mmap() for fread() and get any significant improvement. One needs to re-optimize the data structures as well. But the nice part is that these techniques are the same techniques used to optimize existing cache accesses, and certain 'cache-oblivious' algorithms already work out of the box. Anyway, thanks to Scott for the writeup! I went back and forth on whether use read() or fread() in my example, and I wasn't sure which to choose. For the purpose of this example, I don't think there is a functional difference between them. In current Linux, I'm pretty sure both of them use the same underlying page cache. fread() adds a small amount of management overhead, but read() does just as much system level buffering. mmap() uses the same cache, but just gives direct access to it. But it's possible I'm wrong, and I don't seem to be able to find a solid source for this online. This page references this, though: http://duartes.org/gustavo/blog/post/page-cache-the-affair-b... I feel like I've read other more explicit descriptions, although possibly offline. Thanks for encouraging me to look at this closer. I was testing with this: http://pastie.org/402890 I was having trouble comparing results, so I combined your two into one, tried to make the cases more parallel, took out the alarm() stuff, and just ran it under oprofile. My conclusions were that for cases like this, where the file is small enough to remain in cache, there really isn't any difference between the performance of read() and mmap(). I didn't find any of 10x differences you found, found that the mmap() version ranged from twice as fast for small chunks to about equal for full pages. You might argue that I'm cheating a little bit, as I'm using memcpy() to extract from the mmap(). When I don't do this, the read() version often comes out up to 10% faster. But I'm doing it so that the code in the loop can be more similar --- I presume that a buf[] can optimize better. I'd be interested to know how you constructed the case where read() was 10x faster than mmap(). This doesn't fit my mental model, and if it's straight up, I'd be interested in understanding what causes this. For example, even when I go to linear access, I only see read() being 5% faster. I'd be interested in knowing more about why it's unpopular. I'm a fan of mmap() because I like the way it can simplify my code, and so far I've been pleased with the speed as well. But if there are subtle downsides I'd love to be aware of them. My instinct was that mmap() isn't used much because it's relatively new, and because it's traditionally had poor support on Windows. I'm primarily a Linux user, but the best discussion I was able to find with a quick search was this exchange on freebsd-questions from several years ago: http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-questions/2004-Ju... Do you have know of any updated articles about it's performance tradeoffs? From the article: "In other words, option prices suggest that there is a very real chance of, dare I write it, another Great Depression." I thought that option prices were mathematically priced primarily on the volatility of the underlying stock or index, with the market makers taking no position on the direction of the price change one way or another. This would make the statement above equivalent to "the recent drop in the market shows that there is a risk of a much larger drop", which seems sort of obvious. Am I missing something deeper? "example #2 seems just fine, assuming rename() is atomic and a power failure would just leave the old contents in the file." Unfortunately, the 'bug' is that this does not happen. Instead, the truncate hits disk before the new data is written, so that a power loss leaves the file empty rather than merely out-of-date. This behaviour is different on ext4 than on ext3, hence it has only recently become an issue. To my untrained eye, regardless of what the POSIX standard 'allows', this is a bug that should be fixed. On the bright side, it looks like there are patches ready to be applied that will change the behaviour to match ext3, which is as you describe. If this happens, #2 would remain a relatively safe choice. "Another option: use mmap() and rewrite it in place, using ftruncate() if necessary to grow/shrink the file, and msync() to flush the changes." This is a fine option, but for the purpose of this bug I don't think there is any advantage over using stdio (with seeks if necessary) and calling fsync() after writing. It's a great technique, but functionally equivalent to just saying "avoid O_TRUNCATE". Unless you have some nifty way of upgrading from a copy-on-write map(MAP_PRIVATE) to something that gets atomically written to disk? Upvote for raising clear points, but at heart I think I disagree with your premises. Your thesis seems to be that by throwing more resources at the problem the vault could be made more secure. Likely true, but at what cost, both in hassle and money? You seem to be arguing for overengineering without considering the costs. Should the failsafes also have failsafes, should the backups have their own backups? And what if the additional security measures add additional risks? Take #4, "human patrols". Unless implemented very carefully, greater access for security personnel could well add more risk than benefit. I'm not even sure that one should argue that the vault failed from the point of view of the owners. It was designed well enough for them to do their daily business and such that they were able to obtain insurance on the contents. A vault doesn't have to be impregnable, only visibly difficult to steal from. I'm not quite proposing the exact situation that they had, but I am suggesting that adding more layers of physical security might not be the solution. And if indeed this was really a case of insurance fraud rather than a straight theft, perhaps the outcome was good for everyone except for the insurance company. To the extent that the vault was good enough for them to obtain insurance, the vault was good enough. To obtain better security, the motivation of the participants needs to be analyzed. Perhaps this is a problem best solved through obscurity, with two competing security teams installing two totally separate alarms systems, each standing to lose if their alarm is defeated. Or perhaps skip the alarms, and rely on threats of deadly force. But although any new insurer will properly demand the technological improvements illustrated here, it would be foolish to believe that technology alone will keep out a dedicated team of insiders with full access to the system. Real world security is not equivalent to public key encryption where security can be established by 'proof'. Ethically and scientifically, this seems stunning: a radio receiver is attached to a live beetle, with probes inserted capable of flight instruction. And these are inserted in a pupal phase, so as to not be visible in the adult. Why would one assume a random distribution of colors? With due respect for a well written article, my first impression is that the suggested approach misses the point. If a single machine will be able to handle the load of the combined queries, then yes, you should replicate instead of shard. But in this case, why shard at all? And what about the cases that actually require sharding, where your rate of queries and rate of updates don't allow you to run it all on a single machine? It's possible my view is skewed. I've been looking at this problem from the point of view of distributed full text search, where I don't see any possibility of centralization in the manner you suggest. Still, I find the solution of trying to handle this in the database API to be suspect. If you know that some information will never need to be joined, why not have two databases instead of splitting the tables? > It's probably a big reason why Google hasn't had a truly innovative design in a long time. I think I'm on the other side of this. In the past, I would have said that Google had the best designed interfaces on the Web. Lately, I find myself wishing there was a way to opt-out of their 'upgrades'. Most of my complaints are about their recent attempts to improve search results by automatically 'fixing' the queries I enter, but I'm guessing the border in question is the bold blue box surrounding the Gmail message list. I hate it. Presuming he was the one arguing for making it the way it is (visually bold but distracting and unnecessary), I would side strongly with those who wanted to actually test it on users instead of trusting his judgment. This is beautiful --- using home-made waterproof microphones and computer software to detect migrating songbirds. Here's a direct link to the microphone construction details: http://www.oldbird.org/mike_home.htm The directions are delightful, and include helpful hints such as which model number of Kmart flower pots work best for the purpose. This is a pretty sad exchange. Fog essentially says "I'd love to donate my code" and the glibc maintainers respond that they aren't that interested unless he can provide ready-to-apply patches. Then it comes up that the framework to do dynamic runtime checks doesn't really exist. Then there follows a terse exchange as to which mailing lists should or should not be used to discuss such matters. It looks like the discussion ended at that point. For reference, the author (Agner Fog) is the maintainer of one of the best sites on the web for assembly optimization. This sounds like a great project for a student or young programmer who wants to bridge the gap between Fog's expertise and the FSF's beaurocracy. If you are excited by fast code, this would be a way to make a difference in a hurry. I don't think I'm quite understanding your algorithm. When you say "choose left or right", do you mean to choose randomly between the branches with probability equal to the ratio of the weights of the trees? So that each sample requires log(n) random numbers before you reach a leaf? Or do you mean something else? Thanks for the insight. I wouldn't have noticed any similarity to the multiples of 1/19. Accepting this, though, is there a reason it would have been obvious to him that there was no smaller number? The first such number, by the way, does indeed have 18 digits. I got there by considering every final digit and figuring out how long the string needed to be before the final digit reoccurred with no carry. (edit: oops, just read your explanation below which pretty much answers this) "There are very few if any people who believe that it is impossible that global warming is not caused by man." Are you saying that nobody claims that the observed global warming could not be caused by natural causes, and thus the warming must have been caused by man? For if you are claiming this, I think you are wrong. There are definitely a few very influential people claiming that climate change can only have been caused by man: "Only anthropogenic forcing of climate, however, can explain the recent anomalous warming in the late 20th century." http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/pubs/jones2004/jones2004.html This is from the abstract of a paper co-authored by Michael Mann, the lead author of the IPCC report on climate change. Or am I misreading your negations as well? This article gives an argument I haven't seen before: legally available guns in the US crowd out illegal military weapons. The author offers evidence that fully automatic weapons are much more common in Mexico, where gun laws are stricter than the US. This seems like a parallel with drug legalization. If 'all' drugs are illegal, there is less of a differentiation between hard and soft drugs. Is this true, and if so does this apply to guns as well? It's not a troll. I'm a US hunter who is not particularly in favor of guns for personal protection. I've spent some time living close to Juarez, Chihuahua, which is a significantly more violent city than neighboring El Paso, Texas. I'm very interested in explanations of why this is the case, and have never seen this particular argument before. For me, this falls in the category "anything that gratifies one's intellectual curiosity" and "evidence of some interesting new phenomenon". Thus I disagree that it is inappropriate. Interestingly, I also found a guideline "Please don't submit comments complaining that a submission is inappropriate for the site." As the quote by Mann is from a published scientific paper rather than an editorial page, I can only hope that the statement is believed by the authors. I disagree that it would be reasonable to make an unsupported political statement in this context, thus I assume belief. The IPCC AR4 statement on this matter (presumably written or at least approved by Mann) has this to say: "The observed widespread warming of the atmosphere and ocean, together with ice mass loss, support the conclusion that it is extremely unlikely that global climate change of the past 50 years can be explained without external forcing and very likely that it is not due to known natural causes alone." p.39, http://www.ipcc.ch/pdf/assessment-report/ar4/syr/ar4_syr.pdf While there is an important difference between 'impossible' and 'extremely unlikely', I think a journalist or lay reader could reasonably conclude that the scientific consensus (as represented by the IPCC report) is that warming could only be caused by anthropegenic forces.