I can make a fairly accurate guess of what type of scan an MRI scanner is running by the noise it makes. T2, PDFS, T1, types of gradient echoes etc. I'm not alone in this and know a fair few people who can. I have managed to tell when a scan is badly set up with this technique too, really surprises people! It still used a lot. And they still leak. Or ingestion - I imagine fluid exchanges become a bit worse... Houses were cheap in your Dads day/country! Here in New Zealand average house costs are about 9.5x average wage. I think the average New Zealanders wage would make a US woman feel good. Sources: http://stats.govt.nz/browse_for_stats/income-and-work/Income... http://www.qv.co.nz/onlinereports/propertyvaluemap.htm America certainly isn't the good guy in the middle east. If there is a measure that puts America ahead I'd like to hear it. This is not, however, a defense of Iran. Can everyone involved be the bad guy? Given that the NYT is reporting that top secret documents were just left in a trailor in Iraq by the ton, I suspect that it's more likely the drone was landed in Iran by accident. I believe it's related to this. Try leaning into the bore fast then pulling your head out, fast. Many people lose their balance temporarily. Something to do with inducing currents in the fluid in the inner ear I believe. A smaller version of the effect causes the sensation that you are moving when you lie still in the bore. Edit: can't get the link easily as am on iPad, but google "MRI eddy currents" and watch a slab of aluminium fall Projectile injuries are one issue. Heating, induced current, hearing loss are others. FDA is investigating setting up a registry for safety problems to help reduce the frequency of accidents. http://www.auntminnie.com/index.aspx?sec=sup_n&sub=bai&#... . There are some shockers out there. Metal detectors on doors etc. Stopping the guy with a pacemaker is important too. If 'democratically elected' is a description that can be applied to the method via which Bush Junior made it to office then your question becomes even more ludicrous. I could be wrong here, but those rates appear to be just for the US. I think I read somewhere that only about half of what Apple has is sitting in the US ($66 billion comes to mind). It's worse than that. Add in that the FBI accompanied New Zealand police (or, according to our quasi national paper "led the raid") and it feels a whole lot worse. http://publicaddress.net/hardnews/the-mega-conspiracy/ That's a point of view that law enforcement seem to hold. Illogical and yet never questioned in print media, except by the likes of Robert Fisk. I thought photostream was something that happened when on wifi only. Presumably numerous cities around half the world had warm winters. We had a wet, cold summer down here. Damn, I nearly bought one but didn't get round to it and now I probably never can. Would pay a premium for one now. Good spotting, I assumed a typo and skimmed on. I was imagining some kind of unknown-to-me efficiency in super light space ships.. Decommission is brutally expensive too. When it by earthquake/tsunami I know which plant I'd prefer to be near. The pacific rim would not seem ideal for nuclear power. Robert Fisk sprung to mind immediately when you said that. What ever anyone thinks of his politics, he does manage to convey things from a viewpoint at the scene of the event. That's a great comment. I have a thought that a few American civilians were killed (Pearl Harbour and some kind of hot air balloon bombs from Japan I seem to recall), but having the majority of the population have no idea what you experienced has got to make it harder. Paul Ham, Kokoda. It made me feel sick reading it. And I had never heard of it until someone gave me the book. Closest thing to hell I can imagine. Are you joking? The area is unsafe, and it seems it will be for a fair while. Guess you don't know anyone who has been evacuated. Fuel was a big (bigger?) problem. Albert Speer was an organizational genius and plane production (unsure about tanks etc) was actually increasing despite the bombardment. Lack of fuel and pilots scuppered the air force. I'd love to post the graph I can't find, but this Wikipedia article gives GDP versus year. Until 1945 German output was increasing. http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Military_production_during_Wo... A gay friend had a house warming party years ago and my wife and I turned up. We were the only straight people there out of probably 50 guests and I heard someone say "breeders" as we arrived. It took a second to get it and It didn't feel good. I felt more alien than the numerous times we have been overseas and not been able to speak the local language. And when I consider that the people there would all have had comments made against them at some point I had a slight inkling what life could have been like. Cost, complexity, difficulty, perceives trouble bonding, how?, risks, issues with the child's family. There are some.