People write minimal Lisps because they're easy while being elucidating. You can describe a compiler for a more-than-minimal Lisp in a forum post. 1) Specify representations for: integers, strings, symbols, and cons-es; specify a data structure for the symbol table and define INTERN properly. 2) Implement the reader, cribbing heavily from CLHS 2.1.4, 2.2. Set up constituent, whitespace, and terminating character classes, and implement reader macros for at least quote, double quote, and left/right parens. 3) Specify a representation for the environment, which will map symbols to offsets of variables on the stack frame; have a stack of these objects. 4) Figure out what special operators to handle. You can get away with just: lambda, progn, if, quote, let. 5) Starting from each top level form, walk the code recursively. Each element you encounter will either be: a) a top-level definition b) a single symbol variable reference c) a list with a symbol at its head which is a special form d) a list with a symbol at its head which is a function call As you walk the code, push a new environment onto the stack for each lambda and let you come across, which you pop off when you're done walking the corresponding body (but make sure you save it somewhere). 5.1) In one pass, collect information on closed-over variables. Walk the code looking for variables which are referenced (5b) but are not present in the environment. In that case search up the stack. If you find it in a parent environment, it's a closed-over variable. If you don't find it at all, it's a global variable. 5.2) Use the environment structures you just collected to assign local variables to stack slots. Figure out a closure representation (use a code pointer followed by an array of closed-over variables). Use the info you collected in (5.1) to assign variables to stack slots and closure variable references to closure variable slots. 5.3) In a second pass, generate code. When you reach: a) A TLD, emit a call to the runtime to associate a global name with a lambda b) A variable reference, emit code to either load the value from the stack slot noted in your environment structure, or from the appropriate closure slot, or emit a call to the runtime to look up a global value. c) A special form: generate function prologues/epilogs when you reach a lambda form, use labels and jumps to implement 'if', and use whatever data facilities your assembler has to handle quote-ed literals. When you reach a nested lambda, emit its code as a separate function, then at the point where it is used as a value in the parent function call a closure creation function providing it with the address of the generated code plus the values of all closed-over variables. d) A function call, emit a call to the runtime to look up the global value, then evaluate each of the arguments left to right, pushing them onto the stack. Then, jump to the body of the function. 6) Implement the runtime functions for cons handling, the global symbol table, and closure creation. Extend as you see fit to include mutable variables, etc. So when you're marking, you're working off a mark stack. You pop an object off the market stack, scan it and mark each of its children, then put any newly-marked children onto the mark stack. Note that the mark stack separates when an object gets marked from when it is scanned and its children marked. So when the read barrier triggers, you can mark the object and put it on the mark stack, as if you'd just scanned its parent. The object's children will get recursively marked when the marker processes the object from the mark stack, but that can happen independently of the read barrier fault. You might, but all the people using Facebook really don't. Especially the whole 13-33 contingent raised with the internet - the convenience of being able to keep in touch with your friends circle is worth more to them than their privacy. If you think privacy concerns are going to hinder Facebook's profitability you're completely wrong. "but also shows that Watson is no different than established A. I." How does it show that? You want to use a $500 tablet as a $20 flash drive? And carry a USB cable that'll take up more space in aforementioned $20 flash drive? That is really one of the problems with Apples' competitors - they just don't get the use cases. The author's argument is specious. You need design guidelines in place for any language feature. You can say the same thing about interfaces in Java - you see a call x.doFoo() and you have no idea what code gets called! Well yes, that's why you formalize your module interfaces and don't let people just randomly create interfaces between modules, etc, etc. Even in assembly you can define a function _do_foo that actually does "bar." You need to know how to architect code with meta-programming in mind, no doubt. But this isn't any harder than architecting code with any other language feature in mind. Just as you need to clearly specify the semantics of your interfaces, you need to clearly specify the semantics of DSLs. Managed properly, DSL's can have a tremendous positive impact on the code-base. I've been mucking around in compilers lately, and one thing that never ceases to amaze me is SBCL. The compiler is about 55K LOC + 15K LOC for each native back-end. That's about the same size as the C1 compiler in Hotspot, but does a whole lot more (ie: includes the front-end of the compiler, while C1 gets low-level bytecode as input, has to deal with type inferencing and lambda lifting and all sorts of other things to bring a high-level dynamic language down to machine code, etc, etc). And it does that with algorithms about 15 years older (it doesn't have the benefit of SSA form which would massively simplify many of the optimizations SBCL performs). Macros are a huge part of how SBCL does it. There are 123 macro definitions in the compiler, and they do a tremendous job in cutting code by making DSLs for things like specifying code generators, etc. As for readability - because it's well designed and well-commented, it's surprisingly maintainable and readable for a code-base that's 25 years old and has been maintained by so many different people over the years. Fair point, but using it as a USB drive? To what end? Whether your "simple loop" is actually simple depends on the complexity of the underlying problem. At a certain point, it takes less time to understand the abstraction + the code using that abstraction than to understand the fully-expanded code without the abstraction. If you're just adding up the elements of an array, no big deal use a simple loop. If you're iterating through three lists of potentially unequal length processing some triplets and skipping others and returning some data structure based on that iteration, a raw loop is going to be anything but simple and readable while using an abstraction like CL's LOOP is going to result in something very manageable. To give an empirical example off the top of my head, look at any compiler code written in C. Iterating over flow graphs is a big PITA because they're nested heterogenous structures (a procedure has basic blocks which has instructions which has uses and defs). You iterate over them a lot and a lot of iterations end up being complex triply-nested affairs. Nearly all compilers written in C use some sort of abstraction to deal with this complexity. Eg: GCC has a bunch of macros of the form FOR_EACH_ that use the pre-processor. Look through some really old Lisp code sometime. SBCL is highly readable despite being: 1) 25 years old and touched by tons of different people since then; 2) a program that does some really complicated things in a pretty small space (~60 KLOC for the arch-independent portion). When you see (def-ir1-transform ...) in the SBCL source, it's immediately obvious what is about to come along (at least if you know about compilers). Similarly old C code (eg: GCC) is completely incomprehensible in comparison. Why isn't Smalltalk, Prolog, Modula, ML, Eifel, FORTRAN, Ada, APL, etc, more widely used? Because there can only be a couple of "mainstream" languages, and C/C++ took up all the mindshare in that period. In fact, a more useful question is: "why is Lisp even used as much as it is?" The current Common Lisp standard is 20 years old, and yet it supports a pretty active if small user community, which is more than can be said of most of its contemporaries. It's scary because it's old and ALL IN CAPS. Modern Lisp code is much easier to read, especially in a proper editor with syntax highlighting and braces matching. Eg, fib in C: int fib(int n) { if(n The parens aren't really that annoying once you get used to them, and I personally find them a lot less distracting than the profusion of commas and curly braces that C-syntax languages use in their place. Eg: {{"apples", RED}, {"bananas", YELLOW}, {"oranges", ORANGE}} '(("apples" RED) ("bananas" YELLOW) ("oranges" ORANGE)) Also, don't forget that abstraction makes everything more readable: (dolist (var '(1 2 3 4)) (princ a)) for(list::iterator itr = list.begin(); itr != list.end(); ++itr) { cout http://www.infoq.com/articles/azul_gc_in_detail#appendixa ^^^ Details how their read barrier works. Cost of living calculators are probably not that misleading for people in the $100k range. Your after-tax income in Houston on $100k salary is $73k. Your after-tax income in San Fran on $186k salary is $111k. So taxes alone reduce the initial $86k difference to $38k. A similarly nice apartment in San Fran will easily run you $2k/mo more than in Houston, reducing the difference to $14k. The difference will be further reduced by other location dependent expenses: property and sales taxes, food, insurance, gas, entertainment, etc. A Big Mac in New York costs 50% more than a Big Mac in Miami.* Movie tickets in New York are about $12.50 versus $7.50 nationwide. A drink at a bar is about double in New York versus in Atlanta (where I used to live). ) http://research.stlouisfed.org/publications/review/03/11/pak... , p. 24. *) http://jabcatmovies.com/2010/01/movie-ticket-prices-new-york... For people in typical earnings ranges, the majority of your income is spent on location-dependent costs: taxes, rent, insurance, food, entertainment, etc, not on discretionary spending like BMWs* or iPhones. *) Also, BMW's only cost you the same everywhere if you pay sticker for a new car. Used cars have significantly different prices in different zip codes. One hour each way or total?! "Liberal" and "conservative" are relative terms. Obviously their absolute meaning changes as the median relative to which they are defined changes. As for anarcho-communism, it distinguishes communism involving a strong central authority from communism involving no or decentralized authority. Javascript's semantics already suck and CoffeeScript is kind of stuck with that. Might as well focus on what they can make better. Just a law student, but I can buy the SOX thing. Companies have very different approaches to compliance, get advice from different counsel, account for things in different ways, etc. I feel like there is a Occam's Razor argument in here. What purpose besides SOX could Apple have in not giving away XCode 4? Could be pure greed as others are saying, but when Apple wants to make money they're incredibly good at it. How many people are going to download XCode? Tens of thousands? Apple might stand to make, what $100k off the venture? If they were really trying to monetize XCode why would they price it so they don't make any money off it? If you just need gcc: http://llvm.org/releases/download.html#2.8 Also, how many Apple developers don't already have an iTunes account? First, Apple does make the GCC source available: http://www.opensource.apple.com/source/gcc/gcc-5646/ Second, Apple doesn't ship GCC in the default install, why would they need to make it the source available? Something something "living Constitution" something something. I don't think I'd be going out on a limb if I said when the founding fathers penned the Copyright Clause, their original understanding only contemplated civil action. It's not the JS engine that's the security problem. It's that the JS engine requires allowing apps to mark pages as executable. Executable pages opens up a whole another vector of attacks that have nothing to do with dangerous JS apps. You missed the point of his argument. Consider the Crash Bandicoot folks. Sure after Naughty Dog got bought, Sony couldn't figure out how to deal with the Lisp codebase and future projects were in C++. But Lisp let them build the first major platform game on the PSX, beating Sony itself to the market, and none of the stuff afterwards would've happened without that. The points about LLVM being designed for "static C-like languages" isn't totally on-point. There as an impedance mismatch between Python and LLVM, but it's less about dynamic versus static than it is about the nature of the stack frame. In LLVM, most optimizations operate on SSA values (the Value class in the LLVM IR). There is some support for CSE-ing loads, etc, but the effectiveness of that depends heavily on your alias information. So to get good optimization out of LLVM, you've got to represent things as Value's. This is hard to do in Python. Python's lexical scoping semantics are a little bit wonky and there are lots of scenarios in which the thread's stack frame is reified as an object. So without some heavy analysis, you end up keeping your local variables in an activation frame object on the heap, and at that point you're toast. The local variables themselves won't be represented as SSA Value's, and most of the LLVM optimizations won't do anything with them. This is not a "dynamic language" thing per se. Lisp, which is also a dynamic language, actually maps quite cleanly to LLVM. Every binding introduced by LET is already in SSA form unless it is either closed-over, assigned-to, or both. 1) If the value is just closed-over, you demote it to the function's environment and replace uses of the variable with a load from the environment vector. 2) If the value is just assigned-to, you just demote it to a stack slot via ALLOCA and LLVM's mem2reg pass will take care of re-promoting it to a Value. This latter technique is exactly what Clang does for all C local variables, so LLVM is highly-tuned for handling this scenario. In C, variables that have their address taken cannot be promoted, but this cannot happen in Lisp so every assigned-to value demoted to an ALLOCA should be promotable. 3) If a value is both assigned-to and closed over, you demote it to a heap-allocated box and replace all uses with heap references. After this transformation, nearly every Lisp variable is an SSA Value, and the optimizers can work with them. Even if you use function calls to do generic arithmetic, etc, LLVM will happily CSE them for you as long as you mark those functions as readnone (ie: pure). Now, there are some things LLVM won't do for you. It can't const-propagate generic arithmetic because it does't know the semantics. It can't do reassociation, etc, because you're not using the ADD/SUB, etc instructions. I don't see anything that would prevent you from doing it yourself in a custom pass, however. In short, the criticism isn't so much that LLVM has an impedance mismatch with dynamic languages as it is that it only handles the bottom of the optimization stack. You still need to do the high-level language-specific optimizations before handing things to LLVM. It's not a big deal for LuaJIT because it uses a clever tagging format that can hold a boxed 64-bit float in a register.