Overall, the researchers claim, eliminating depression and anxiety would reduce misery by 20%, whereas eliminating poverty would reduce it by just 5%. If we want to reduce misery in the developed world, then mental health is the biggest challenge we need to overcome. Everything I have ever seen suggests that the chronically poor have intractable personal issues, such as medical problems, mental health problems, learning disabilities or other personal issues. So this seems like a false dichotomy to me. I have lived without a car for like a decade. It is shocking how much the world is designed for cars. This winds up being a de facto "screw you" to everyone else, including people reliant on public transit. Many people reliant on public transit are either poor or handicapped (thus can't drive) or both. I wish this project well. Glad to see it on the front page. Makes me think of this piece: https://alittlemoresauce.com/2014/08/20/what-my-bike-has-tau... (Of course some folks object to that piece: http://grist.org/cities/please-people-stop-using-bikes-to-wh... ) I don't really understand that use of the word orthogonal. But for clarity's sake: I have read about issues like poverty for decades. In any given year, about 10 to 15 percent of Americans are below the federal poverty level. But only about 2 percent of Americans are chronically poor. This is typically defined as below the federal poverty level for at least 5 years out of 10. In fact, I have even seen stats that suggest that being in the bottom 20 percent in one year is actually a reasonable predictor for being in the top 20 percent the following year. Some people below the federal poverty level in a given year are temporarily unemployed and job hunting. In some cases, they are actually starting a new business. So, most folks don't stay below the poverty level. The people who are chronically poor are the ones that have significant personal challenges. These personal challenges both make them miserable and are also a root cause of their poverty. If they can't resolve their personal issues in some manner, they remain poor. I have not only studied such things, I have lived it. Misery is not just having X problem, but knowing that you may never be able to resolve it and that the world does a really sucky job of providing some means for people like you to have some kind of baseline level of comfort. It is a kind of personal hell. Thanks. One of the great mysteries of HN may have just been solved for me. So, what is an effective means to try to connect with people for work related stuff? Say, if you freelance and need a water cooler type group? Absolute poverty would be eliminated, and we would no longer motivate people through the fear of not being able to eat. This is just UBI with a new branding platform, basically. There are tried and true solutions that have an established track record of working, such as universal basic health coverage. It would make more sense for the US to implement those things first, rather than try something experimental. U.S. health care spending grew 5.8 percent in 2015, reaching $3.2 trillion or $9,990 per person. As a share of the nation's Gross Domestic Product, health spending accounted for 17.8 percent. * There you go. The $10k per person that is so often bandied about for UBI, and it would do more for the neediest automatically. People with serious health problems would get more out of the system without having incentives to try to game the system or milk it. * https://www.cms.gov/Research-Statistics-Data-and-Systems/Sta... Starting my own is what I have in mind. I was considering doing so via Meetup. I am kind of flailing around, trying to figure out how to do that. Recall can be enhanced by recreating the situation you were in when you had the thought. Memory is impacted by state or mood, place, context, etc. But, yes, develop some system for making notes. If nothing else, email yourself. I am not specifically looking to connect with other writers. I am looking to connect to digital independent workers and people who might be interested in becoming such. I imagine this author has never been to a soup kitchen. One experience with your typical soup kitchen should cure anyone of the notion that this is a good idea. The food is appalling. The service is terrible. If your stuff gets stolen while you eat because they insisted you leave it elsewhere, not their problem. They assume they know what is best for you, never mind they have no idea what your diagnosis is and no idea about the doctor ordered dietary restrictions that go with it. So the assumption is both flat out wrong and monstrously insulting. I would literally rather fast for a day or so than ever go back to a soup kitchen. That is not hyperbole. I have made that exact choice on a number of occasions while dirt poor. You are reading in things I did not say and rebutting ideas I did not promote. My statement contains zero suggestion that existing (charitable) programs should be shut down. It only rebuts the suggestion that we need some government run "free food" program of the sort described in the article. There are also some excellent ones! I am aware that quality varies. I did a write up of one that didn't completely suck as a potential model for how things should be done. But I wonder how many soup kitchens you have personally eaten at and how many you thought were excellent and would prefer it to most paid eateries (I mean solely on the basis of the high quality of the experience, not on the basis of it being free). we should (not) discount all publicly funded food. I am all for food stamps. I wish that were made more readily available. Due to the lengthy and complex application forms, it is hard to apply to the program. I have six years of college and only managed to fill it out successfully because an agency helped me. I lost my food stamps due to a bureaucratic snafu and my attempts to reapply on my own were not successful having to do with barriers for me in the application process. The EBT card itself is done very well. I would be completely fine with people suggesting we make this program easier to access and also increase the funding by about 50 percent. I don't see any reason why we need to dream up some imaginary American Diner for feeding people instead of making some modest improvements to an already existing program with a proven track record that has already worked out a lot of the bugs. (When I was first on food stamps, using the EBT card was not as smooth as later. I know from firsthand experience they have worked out some of the bugs to make it work more smoothly than it used to.) I was homeless for a long time. Valuing my agency above all else helped me solve my problems and get off the street. When you start eroding rights on the excuse that someone is too poor to have any right to care about such high minded frivolities as rights, you deprive them of hope of resolving their problems. My comments are in regards to your statement here: but you might value your ability to choose less if you didn't know when your next meal would be. I am telling you that when I was so poor that I often had no idea when my next meal might be, I valued my own agency -- my right to choose and to make choices -- tremendously. But it looks to me like, overall, most folks here don't want to hear the opinions of someone who actually ate regularly at soup kitchens for a time. They want to say nice things about being generous people who will feed the hungry, and let's not let actual facts get in the way of our pretty ideas that this is always a good thing with no down side. It is a form of virtue signaling. It is also a form of pity, which is fundamentally disrespectful. You assume you are in a better position than the people of whom you speak to decide for them, while completely dismissing the opinions to the contrary of someone still poor enough that food security is an ongoing question mark. This seems to be par for the course. I think we have a fundamental disagreement about what sorts of policies would be effective, and using that term is unnecessarily dismissive. Using that term mostly indicates that I feel incredibly dismissed most of the time on Hacker News. This is a new handle, but I am not new here. I have had college classes on, for example, homelessness and public policy. I got myself off the street on my own efforts, not through some program. As best I can tell, I am the only woman who has ever spent any time on the leaderboard of HN. None of it seems to make any difference. I continue to get no traction. I continue to not get substantive feedback on my projects. I continue to have no connections. My income remains extremely low. I can't help but feel that sexism and classism are factors and I am just incredibly frustrated. Trying to do something good against long odds, etc begins to seem totally pointless and fruitless. I increasingly understand the very angry feminist types. I don't agree with their approach, but no approach seems to actually work. You and I do fundamentally disagree. I am not pro UBI. I think that is a polite means to crap all over the have nots and increasingly cut them out of ever more access to money, rights, you name it. I don't intend to engage further. I don't think this is in any way whatsoever productive. It is yet another exercise in me trying to engage in good faith with someone who seems to fundamentally be incapable of genuinely respecting me. Everything you say is another ever so politely dismissive thing done in accordance with the rules such that me getting offended just makes me look bad in the eyes of everyone here. I have been facing this sort of thing with, I think, quite a lot of aplomb for more than 8 years, to no avail at all. And I just am not coping well with that fact at the moment. Clickable: http://independentdigitalworkers.blogspot.com It is not disingenuous. I am a woman and, no, I simply don't have the kind of social connections here that the guys typically have if they have that kind of karma. Which means, no, I don't understand subtleties here that prevent me from accomplishing things I want to accomplish. This kind of dismissiveness is actually par for the course. I read the rules for Show HN and it says it needs to be something "you can play with." I see blog posts with some smidgeon of data. I write the mods in good faith and say "This doesn't look to me like a Show HN." I get told that, arguably , the spoonful of data in it qualifies it. I blogged about that on an old blog. I am not going to post it here because that would be drama. I am just looking for a good faith answer to my good faith question and feeling increasingly like the crime of being the first woman on the leaderboard shall never be forgiven. Because it does not appear to have done squat to help me figure out how to get my work taken seriously or my questions answered in good faith. Thank you very much. It was set up this morning. It is try number 3, and is pivoting another project, so I drew some content from that older project, then killed it. I decided I didn't like the first name too much. My first try was Digital Independents and I quickly realized that if I am telling people that verbally, they will probably hear Digital Independence. The next was Digital Independent Workers and then this. I want to figure out how to reach out to people locally. I am going to a lot of public meetings and making connections on the ground. I feel that is going pretty well and it led to this idea. I initially was just handing out flyers for my Write Pay site, but I want it to be broader than that. I could add a Google Group to the site as an embedded forum. My concept is that it is kind of a water cooler for people who work from home. Yes, I am connecting with people locally on the ground and that is going fairly well, well enough to help me get this far. But I need the site and concept better developed and locals cannot help me there. I could have agreed to do a presentation next Wednesday at a local weekly meeting, but I declined because I only have a half baked idea so far. I don't have anything to present. December is booked, so it will probably be January before they have another slot, but I just don't have this fleshed out enough. I had flyers for my Write Pay site. The library won't post them. Some places have posted them, but some people think it is a scam, the same thing that gets said about it when I have posted links to it on HN under a now retired, very well established handle. Personal reputation here did little or nothing to get the site taken seriously. People here accuse me of being a shill for the service I work for. The person on HN who recommended the site to me will not vouch for me. In fact, he dragged my name through the mud for repeating his advice on HN and suggesting it to someone else here a few months after he recommended it to me. When I blogged about that years later and someone else posted that to HN, he denied it. Saving face for himself was his only concern. There is no good way for me to deal with things like that. Saying nothing means my name remains mud. Saying something means I am guilty of talking trash about respected men. The utter and complete lack of respect for me involved there makes no ones radar. I can't get out from behind nonsense like that. Anyway, I need a thing -- a site and a program -- that people will not look askance at as a possible pyramid scheme. I need more than a hand wavy "I have a dream" blurb. I did post it here already as a link this morning. It got zero upvotes and zero comments. Thus, this Ask. Just posting my own writing on HN mostly does not go that well. Once in a while some piece gets well received. The rest of the time, I end up feeling like it was mistake. I very often feel it is an excuse for people who don't like me to justify their negative opinions and their accusations that my participation is somehow nefarious. It often leaves me feeling like poor people and women are not allowed to want financial success. It often feels like it is against the rules to try to figure out how to succeed in accomplishing anything. So with the feedback in another comment here, I am fleshing the site out more. I hope to post it as a Show HN soon. Thank you for commenting. I'm the author. I am trying to flesh this out. Yes, I am making contacts on the ground. But locals aren't that internet savvy. I need this more fleshed out so I have something to present. I seem unable to actually edit my comments under this new account. I am assuming it is a permission I don't yet qualify for. If there are typos, I can't correct them. Thanks. My ex will be in that one. I did a lot of therapy in my teens and twenties and I journaled for a long time. Then I blogged for a long time to help me figure out what I really think so I am not merely "rearranging my prejudices." I also talk a lot with two people I trust who work well as a sounding board. I look for patterns, both in my own words or behavior and in that of other people. I learned long ago to "trust my eyes over my ears." People frequently say one thing, but do another. In most cases, I think they don't even realize it. In some cases, they are outright lying because they have an ugly agenda, but most people seem pretty oblivious to their own motivations and goals. I try to not take it too personally while trying to avoid getting sucked in. Have they not heard of Adam Smith's The Wealth of Nations ? * IIRC, prior to Smith's famous book, the wealth of nations was viewed in terms of gold kept in the coffers of the kings. This was increasingly a source of puzzlement because it was failing to explain why some nations were thriving and others were not. This seminal work has been credited with being single-handedly responsible for transforming our understanding of wealth as "gold in the king's coffer" to what we now refer to as GDP. Wealth of a nation is measured by its productivity, not the money in the bank. While I agree we need to do something about the current trend towards concentrating money in the hands of the few, clearly at the expense of the many, this is not the way to do it. This in no way protects the productivity that gives rise to these riches. In fact, it is likely to undermine said productivity. There is no limit to how much people can spend. If you just cut everyone a check, whether you call it Basic Income or American Equity, the money will get pissed away. It will not get invested in a better future. We have to find ways to address the underlying structural problems that are causing the 1 percent to effectively bleed the masses for more. We also must do so without creating perverse incentives. This is a case of "the cure they are recommending is worse than the disease." * https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wealth_of_Nations Although the New York Times connects these two phenomena with a psychosomatic explanation of emotional distress, I view the relationship differently. Neighborhoods where African Americans lived – often restricted to due to segregation and redlining – were more exposed to both indoor and outdoor particles that triggered asthma symptoms. While struggling to breathe, black people simultaneously fought for the right to live as equals. I am an environmental studies major. This is not news to me. It would be more accurate to say that NIMBYism by privileged people, who are mostly white, is literally causing increased incidence of asthma in people of color. The de facto disenfranchisement of such people is literally interfering with their ability to breathe and is sending them to an early grave. A fight for rights is a fight for life itself.