Still don't understand why this site has any respect, they just spammed Google results then locked the answers behind a sign up wall to build their userbase. You know it's bad when Gruber's blog is being held up as a less biased alternative. He's been so soft on them lately on anything except the Watch, even then he's been pretty soft. > The cable bends very unnaturally and is gradually torn from the magnetic connector Same thing happens with the Magsafe anyway, the eco friendly material they decided to use frays too easily. Just means they can't use certain OS X tech like iCloud > when most of their target audience will never even make the thing sweat Really? First thing I thought when I saw it was how cool it would be for 3D sculpting. There are more uses for high end GPUs than gaming. >If they had "offered a touch screen instead", the users would have to hold their hand horizontally which would get tiring in about 5 minutes and unbearable after 10. Works fine for iPad users on the sofa. This is the same logic as "iPhone users only ever use the bundled headphones anyway so why need a jack?" (which also can't be used with the new MBP) > Traditionally, such file managers use function keys for common tasks (eg. copy with F5) On Mac, you have to press Fn to get the function keys, which is very inconvenient or just press cmd+c, easier than reaching to the touch bar. I'd actually say devs (web/mobile) are one of the only professionals served by this laptop. They don't need high powered GPUs. This however is a massive kick in the face to anyone working in design, art, 3D, video editing or effects. The only other professional this seems to target is the professional blogger. What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? What were people upset about with the last retina macbook pro refresh? > My audio doesn’t work From the article. Not sure why people still pass this around as if it's positive. This reminds me a time when I used to work closely with a development team in a startup, it was very frustrating to work with them because every little modification to things like functionality, Git workflow, Javascript framework and the like would be accompanied with several hours of "dev strategy" and scrum meetings, time that the developers would waste thinking and prototyping new ideas for the tech stack for their managers, I say "waste" because most of the time they would end up with a system similar if not identical to the original. re-branding != a logo. This is like whinging that an entire e-commerce system was just the compiled index.html Someone with nearly 30K followers would feel this way. Can't say I see that much that needs saving as an average user of the service. I'd actually rather it crumble and see what someone more competent can do in the space. Worrying that they outlived displays and Mac Pros Rumours to ATP.fm podcast (very close ties with apple employees) has heard a bunch of stuff including "No one is working on the Mac Pro" >How many Pebbles do you see in the wild? Now, how many Apple Watches do you see? Almost the same number for me. That said I barely see any Apple watches and most people I know who bought them have left them in the bedside drawer long ago Their internal target would have absolutely been "Less than 5mil+ is total failure". Low goal is just good for PR and means you actually get some money rather than none if you fall short of your secret real goal quicksave/quickload encourages bad game design. Look at games with save anywhere abilities that include elements of chance like Skyrim and Fallout. So you are able to pickpocket and use charm in these games but because you can save anywhere does anyone ever live with the chance these things fail? Of course not they just try>reload>try>reload>try>succeed. Making that whole skill set pointless and the mechanic pointless Great example of someone justifying engineer driven design over user driven design. Not understanding at all why it was made that way in the first place. > You can ship a fully compliant USB-C 3.1 cable for probably 40 cents more than a cheap version. It makes no sense to start a rollout this way, especially from a company like Apple You're talking about the company that no longer ships power cables with a little plastic clip to keep them tidy and now sells the extended lead as an extra, both of which have been in every one of their laptop chargers for 15 years+ > and also dabble in cars Nice they get to dabble in cars so a handful of SV/SF CEOs can drive around in a space black siri powered car in a few years. What a worthwhile endeavour. Meanwhile the tool I use all day every day at my job is getting worse and worse and the tipping point where PC maintenance and dealing with Windows is starting to look very inviting to gain access to that raw computing power their platform is failing to provide. > Apple just built a space-age campus as big as a town Wonder how much director time was spent signing off the minutiae of that project VS these so called Pro laptops and the touchbar as a concept over the past 2 years. think people in the industry are just desperate to try and find justification and sanity where there really is none because it makes them feel the whole system is more stable than it truly is. The reality is there is no reason for GitHub to have this much funding and spend so frivolously. This should be a warning.