Five years isn't really enough experience to be a serious tech lead or a high-end consultant. Come back when you have ten years. The guys I know who are making over $100k WERE those "amazing programmers" five years into their career, but now they're twenty years in. I was an amazing programmer five years in as well, but I wasn't worth $100k even in today's dollars. You need more experience than that! VCs don't necessarily care about profitability either. They're looking for a liquidity event - either M&A or IPO. Profitability is only useful insofar as it helps achieve the desired liquidity event at maximum valuation. More to the point, large investors cause a short-term growth focus, because they're looking for 5-20x returns over the course of a few years. But as others have said, do you want to be rich, or do you want to be king? If you want to make a great product and are willing to take your time to do it, don't take investor money any more than you must, so you aren't beholden to their interests - because "make a great product" isn't their interest. As a 40-something who is 20 years into his career, I don't think I'm a particularly better PROGRAMMER than I was about five years in. But there is SO much more to being a useful tech than programming! And I'm much more sophisticated about big-picture thinking, business, and planning these days. Back when I was barely past "junior", I got to work on some really cool software at a dotcom-era startup. Technically, it was a blast. As a business decision, it was absolutely idiotic, and it was a massive management failure to have us wasting our time on it at all. (Basically, the idea was that six man-months of code at the time would save the company millions in the future. Which would have been true, if it HAD a future. Never, ever waste precious development effort on something that can be bought easily off-the-shelf and isn't core competence for your product! That's not even a good use of time in an established company, much less a ticking-clock startup!) As I'm prone to saying, I cost as much as two junior programmers, but I can do things that two junior programmers can't do. And actually, cost is one of the problems older programmers have... senior == expensive. On the other hand, if you're in the industry for 20+ years and haven't found a way to make yourself and your work more valuable than what some drone straight out of college can do, but you expect to get paid more than said drone, you're asking to get sidelined. The problem isn't the myth that older programmers are less flexible than younger ones. The problem is that so many older programmers haven't attended to their careers in a way to make themselves substantially more valuable than some pliant kid. It's not enough to do the kid's job better... you have to do things the kid CANNOT do. This reminds me of a conversation with an old friend... a pic of the two of us when I was 20 or so appeared on Facebook, and he asked that if 20 year old me met today's me, what would surprise him most? I replied that it would be how today's me kept calling 20 year old me "dumbass". Mmm, Trello. It's the ONLY software Kanban implementation I've used that's worth a crap. All the rest either feel like broken toys, or suffer from feeping creaturitis, or both. Note to other Kanban software developers... features suck. "Features" are the antithesis of Kanban. That said, though, even Trello isn't as good as a board with Post-It notes attached. Its only real advantage is that Trello is portable. First, Kanban tends to be a small-group thing, even within large businesses. I'm sure someone in IBM is going to pay $200/year for a site license, but I doubt IBM is going to make a strong, centralized license control. Heck, it's not worth the TIME for a team to have the three meetings and twenty emails required, not for $200. And really, why should they have a complex pricing model? It's not like Trello is expensive to develop/support/operate. If they can get 10k organizations to buy a $200 license, they make a cool $2M for a not-complex piece of software with a not-complex business model. That's a very high profit margin, and still cheap enough to repel price-based competition (even free). I think I need to write up the Dependency Perversion and Perversion of Control antipatterns one of these days... after all, they're far more applicable to real-world software development. I struggle with that myself. My attitude toward people who aren't accomplishing much with their lives is "Well, work harder!" But while much of my own success is due to hard, focused work, much of it is also due to raw intelligence and talent. Not everyone has that. Their direct competitors are Porsche and Ferrari, not Ford and Toyota. They're GOOD. I love how Aston styling has affected Ford. Here's an ongoing frustration... I'm currently working on a startup while maintaining a day job, which means LOTS of hours. I'm often (usually) working until I go to bed. Now, I'm at my best productivity code-wise when I first start working in the morning (no, not a morning person). So I'd like to get up earlier and put in a couple of hours on the startup in the morning, before I have to go do the dayjob - give my best couple of hours to MY work rather than someone else's work. Working two hours from 6am-8am would be more productive for me than working two hours from 10pm-12am. But when I'm working late at night, it's really hard to let it go and tell myself to pick it up in the morning. Knowing logically that this is true isn't enough. Sigh. Even though I'm from a technical background, I'm finding that I really enjoy the business side of things, enough that I would (and will) happily cut programming responsibility loose whenever I can find a technical CTO, or even a good lead programmer. But when there's no one you can trust with the work, and you know how to code, it's very easy and very tempting to spend an evening up to your elbows in code. It's safe and comfortable. But if I wanted safe and comfortable, I wouldn't be trying to start a company, now would I? As a former C programmer who truly loves C... I wouldn't use it DIRECTLY for anything except things that couldn't be done in any other language, things where you really need that fine-grained memory control for performance or deeper technical issues. By all means, wrap code in more abstract languages! I feel the same about Coffeescript. A while back, I spent a couple of months as a full-time Javascript coder. I like a lot of things about JS, but the line-noiseish syntax (especially around callbacks and anonymous function declaration) was damned annoying. Compared to its elegant-syntax contemporaries like Ruby and Python, it felt awkward. Coffeescript is a hack, yes, but it's a nice one. It plagiarizes some of the best syntax ideas from more graceful languages (list comprehensions, splats, whitespace significance, etc), and adds them to the good ideas and functionality of JS. I agree that in order to write good Coffeescript, you should be able to write good Javascript too, in order to see the gotchas. But that doesn't mean a preprocessor is a bad thing, not if it gives this much readability and functionality. Sadly, I think there's a bit of machismo involved in the sneering at Coffeescript, not a real technical issue. More numbers == harder to read. The point is not to give an accurate picture (as someone else pointed out, they certainly have more detailed internal metrics). The point is to make potential customers feel that their apps are fast and responsive. Hard numbers make that sound plausible. More detailed numbers would make the point diffuse and confusing. Alcohol laws in America are crazy. In Kentucky, there's a joke about how you know you've crossed a county line when the potholes end and the liquor stores begin. I live in Minnesota, where our liquor laws date back to the era when being a liberal meant you were for women voting and against ANYONE drinking. It was a big deal when we finally got to keep bars open til 2am, a few years back. We can't buy alcohol in stores on sundays, and grocery stores can't sell anything stronger than 3.2 "near beer". You have to go to a real liquor store for even wine and beer, much less hard liquor. Did you hit timing issues with fundraising? Something I see coming for me is that I want to start generating revenue before actually getting funding (as Buffer did), but I can't afford to fully surrender a substantial income during the transition from dayjob+startup to allstartup. Ah, to be in my twenties and happy with ramen-profitable again... At any rate, I want a fairly tight window between getting the revenue stream started and getting funded enough to make a living and hire more people. Any advice for keeping the size of that window down? Thanks, that's very helpful! Much of my problem is that I'm coming into this as a full-fledged grownup - twenty years in the industry, two college-aged kids, mortgage, car payments, etc. What cushion I have is my retirement money, and my spouse will only let me burn just so much of that before she loses patience. I could maybe get a few months of pure bootstrapping in, but the drop from a six figure income to less than minimum wage is very steep indeed. Right now, it's 20+ hours a week on the startup in my "copious spare time". What worries me is the pain waiting for me when the rubber meets the road... the support time and emergency fixes needed when I have real, paying customers. That's when the conflict between dayjob and startup will truly loom large. But what the hell, I WILL make it work. I'm done with working for other people. I've already signed my Declaration of Independence, but if I want my freedom, I'm going to need to survive my Valley Forge as well. On the plus side, my wife has a high-paying IT job as well, so we won't starve immediately. And I'm kind of boggled at how much I've managed to build, effectively solo (legal help only), in the past six months. But I have another six before it's really money-ready, I think. GM already had this, with the Chevy Volt (a very interesting concept in its own right). But the problem is, despite a highly sensible transition approach from gasoline to electric, it's still a CHEVY. It's built to Chevy construction standards, Chevy aesthetics. Oh, it's you. I was going to go to Minicon in Minneapolis just to meet you, but you didn't make it shakes fist in impotent rage . I still recommend "Halting State" to all my programmer friends, and "Accelerando" to the paranoids. Thanks for the laughs. :) Oh yes, I remember the circumstances. :) Totally understand, and glad your wife is okay! Hopefully we'll see you at Minicon or somewhere else Minneapolis-ish someday. So is there no NEW development going on? Is this just maintenance? If there are new pieces, maybe they'd have a chance to work in newer tech. Also? The way you framed this question seethes with condescension. "beta buzzy framework" and "craplication" and "version numbers http://www.12factor.net ), and it's led me to the conclusion that mainstream enterprise middleware as expressed in J2EE is fundamentally wrong. Application servers are an inherently bad idea. That said, my own coding is currently leaning toward Node.js for server stuff. I'm using Neo4j for data and it turns problems right on their ear - for my space (not all spaces), it's a million times better than relational and a thousand times better than document databases. So I'm looking for languages/frameworks that make my particular use of Neo4j more graceful. Started with Rails, but gave it up as the ActiveRecord ORM is kind of Neo4j-hostile in practice. I expect this is true of most ORM solutions (hence the R, for "relational"), so maybe I can make it better in a lighter-weight system. At any rate, there are no silver bullets, but plenty of wooden ones. I lump PHP in that category. If there's an existing PHP app, then by all means maintain it, but don't use it for new projects!