My reading list revolves around two areas which I wish to qualify the following way: Job/Career/Technical competency related: 1. Perl blogs, Iron man blogging challenge, reading modern perl books from chromatic and associated blogs. 2. I make it a point to read whats the next interesting/challenging thing in my area of work. 3. Read questions on PerlMonks, Stackexchange. 4. Other tech stuff. General Hackery: 1. Hacker news. 2. Tidbits collected from twitter and other places. Current affairs. 1. news.google.com As an Indian myself, let me explain how things work here. Like everywhere else there is a regular mix of people in India. But what one needs to really understand is that sheer volume of people in India highlights the rat race that exists in all societies at a level of contrast that attracts these articles. In most cases, the people are from humble beginnings or from small towns and cities. And the effects of the pre FDI days still continue to exist. The mentality among parents is that opportunities are scanty, hence need to be treated precious. This leads a lot of conservative thinking. Actually right from early days of our post-independence era, the only way some one could really well off financially was to either be a doctor, engineer or do a real big business with a lot of initial investment. The other options remained joining the military or civil services. Having said all that opportunities, both in terms of jobs and college seats were very little. Most people in the previous generation have either worked in process based factories, or small time shops like grocery shops or other places. There fore the perception automatically is "study well for a seat in a professional college else you are doomed". Now opportunities being scanty and people looking for them being more, automatically makes people go to the limits to get what they want to get. Hence just to pass exams there are books, guides and tutorials which focus on only scoring marks! Add to that the IT boom has led to opening of "only on paper" kind of colleges where people enroll just to get a degree. I hope by now most people understand why its important. Its important as we have linked education to money, jobs and earnings. The purpose of education is to learn and use the learning to add some value or what pg calls create wealth. Whereas by linking education to all the material stuff we automatically create a rat race. The solution is simple, award work not words(Degree abbreviations) next to one's name. Jobs must be given to one's who can 'do', not the ones who just 'know'. Having said all that, I can honestly say there are a lot of good people who make genuine attempt to learn and build stuff. Its just that our country is really big. And like everywhere else, it will take time to overcome this huge inertia and bring in education reforms. Government is already working towards that, they have introduced laws to bring in Grades in place of Marks and much more is in progress. The problem is people have a notion that people from big-brand colleges will always do well. Though this isn't true always. But I think that helps at some degree in eliminating false positives. From my experience I see, often the best paid are the ones who hop jobs very often. They would have very little experience and ability to work. And often don't work at all. But they would have strong associations/connections and would have worked for big brands. And the HRs hiring some how think that coming out a big brand automatically makes you more qualified for that job. The net result is a certain section of people(inefficient) go round and round every 1.5 years. The same talent pool keeps circulating between companies. Sooner or later their bluff is called and companies reach to a conclusion that there is no good technical talent in India. Which is of course wrong. On the other hand, good folks who tend to hang on for some time learning and working for long term projects are treated badly, denied promotions and hikes. After all this the system still wonders why the good folks are not in enough supply. It's simple, we don't reward meritocracy and we don't get people with merit. Although this seems the easiest way out, but I don't think we should give into the demands of the system. For a while going away to US or the West has been the aim of our youth and needless to say this has caused significant amount of brain drain. The society is resistive to change, but change they will finally some day. For example, a relative of mine immigrated to the US in the 90's. And is a successful doctor there. Now sometimes when he comes back for a vacation he wonders it was not such a good decision after all. There are plenty of opportunities in India. And you can economically well off too. On the other hand. The cost of living in the US is too high, for the conservative and savings driven lives of Indians it becomes a little to get adjusted there. You life is driven by perpetual debt and insurances. Ultimately it looks like money is not for your luxury but you are for the luxury of money and big banks. Sure the infrastructure is a lot cleaner and there are high rises, it may feel like you in heaven for some time. But on a longer run, spending your whole life paying off bank loans, credit card debts and all sorts of loans and debts. At the end of it you feel all that was not worth it. Flipkart did well because they executed the Idea well. They still have a long way to go. But last time I checked they too hire and give a lot of preferences for people from IIT's. Oh, I can tell this isn't just a thing about your company but nearly all companies in India these days. Yes arranged marriage market is a crazy place, Unless you have a tag 'manager', 'architect' the prospective girls don't care much about the boy. And this is understandably so, some time in the 90's and early 2000's the IT sector grew rapidly and promotions and hikes happened regardless of your worth. I even know people who have just got into the industry an year or two, did some testing and report writing. Pushed and sent to an onsite location like US or Europe and the third year you are back, you are promoted to be a manager. The middle level management in most IT giants is rotting with inefficient talent promoted early. There fore the assumption with the current generation is regardless of their merit they need to go to the 'promised lands'(US and Europe) in an year, get promoted to a Managerial designation, book a flat, buy a car, marry with heavy dowry and settle down. That's not happening these days. So most resort to job hopping. Some even hop jobs every eight months, whats more hilarious is.. Companies giving hikes to people who hop jobs but not to the ones who stay and perform. Adding to this regional politics in office spaces, drives the genuinely good guys crazy. Yes, but partly the rapid growth in the 90's and early 2000's is also responsible. Most of them, heck nearly 95% of them got rapidly promoted regardless of their merit. The problem is the moment is start offering good compensation people flock to such opportunities, some how mug up a few interview questions, read some stuff and join the company. And then do nothing there, just relax. After two performance review, when the milk is clear from water they just happily go the next job with the same interview trick. So now they earn well and don't perform either. The actual thing is to spot and retain good talent. Not just the start up in general its a little to hire good developers in India. Not because they are unavailable, but because they are often lost in the huge crowd rush. The general good folks that come out IIT's and REC's do either join a company like Google or alike. Or Write a entrance exam like CAT to work for some investment bank. Or do their MS in US and permanently plan to settle down some where in the west. In other words they just don't want to be a part of the system at all. Barring a few. The other good folks have a very terrible problem they are forced to run with the crowd. Often they get hired by the IT big giants. The scenario there is pretty different. In the 90's and early 2000's most of them in such companies got promoted very early to managerial designations, went to onsite location like the US. Got very rich due to stocks, money earned in foreign location(due to foriegn exchange) and the hikes from promotion. They have a lot of money and give a damn on how things run, they have nothing to loose after all. When folks join such big companies often these are the sort of people whom they meet and are forced to draw inspiration from. Most managers have hardly coded and don't know a jack about technical stuff.And since the hurry is to now become a manager, buy a flat, a car, marry with rich dowry and settle down. The struggle happens on three counts and chief being get rich as early as you can, BY ANY MEANS you can. So since now becoming manager is the key, most don't want to code at all. Some how fight, do politics(Which is very common here, due people from so many languages and regions mixing together. there is severe politics and biases towards there respective people) and go to onsite. And if this doesn't happen, go job hopping until you get it. The sad fact is companies reward jop hoppers but the sincere ones who for long time and perform. I even know few folks who have hopped 5 jobs in 4 years, consider themselves Java expert and don't even what CLASSPATH is. Once they get the tag of 'lead' or alike they think they can just give orders and have servants do the job for them. This how 95% project managers and other designated alike work here. Adding to that to 'CYA' they purposefully promote inefficient folks, I think they a feel a good guy is direct threat to their own position. The net result is more and more less risks projects are taken by Indian IT giants there days. Most of them in just bench testing and infrastructure management like IT support. And some times the managers are so inefficient they can't execute those projects properly. Now coming to actually talented folks, we are terribly frustrated crowd. As self taught programmers(From other branches of engineering) and despite our hard work and merit we can neither go to companies like Google, because they treat non-CS and non-IIT folks like 'mud blood muggles' nor work for start ups. Start ups are mostly from MBA types who believe some how idea is all that matters and programmers are like typists whom they can just use and throw. There is no easy way out of this problem. At least with the current social set up in India. Sometimes I feel I must immigrate to the US( Like Russians did frustrated with the system there.). But no, this is my country. I will stay here and fight the system. And will do everything I can to make my country a better place and have genuinely good guys get what they deserve. For the most part I think what the user edw519 tells is perfectly correct. If you sure of your competency and confident that you can actually be 10x or 100x more productive than other than you must work for somebody who pays you 'per unit of work done' rather than somebody who pays you lump sum. Unfortunately unless you make people pay for services they don't recognize your worth. Back here in India, like every where else good hackers don't get noticed until they make some noise. On the other hand even below average programmers who hop jobs often are paid real good packages. The way companies think of it is, that in any project if there say a x people. x-80% people work well, and are expected to compensated for the work of x-20% people. At the project level when the productivity data is measured, it turns out productive people have averaged out the unproductive data of the other crowd. So on a company wide policy basis a uniform hike applies, since data suggests productive was around industry average. The actual work of productive guys never gets displayed at all. This is just day light fraud, and a very scandalous way of rewarding people. The best are human beings too! I mean even the best work in two ways. Build on best principles already known, and make your own best principles. The first depends on how much you know, how much time you have taken to learn, implement, practice and perfect. The second depends on how far you can see. In either case you can always overlook or fail to predict the even the easily foreseeable future. And that happens due to many reasons plain human error, or even over confidence which is some times the case with the best. The best way out of this problem is what Jeff Atwood had blogged some time days back. Is to keep failing, and keep failing in different ways. And each failure needs to be translated into to lessons of some sort and then the solution of it a best practice. Even the Netflix model of failing purposefully will do. There is no way the best can be flawless. Nothing is flawless, so as long it is done by a human. Unfortunately the humans in reference here are supposed to be the best of the lot. This brings in the eternal question during times of crisis ,how are the best very different than the mediocre or the average? If not then with little hard work and smart work here and there any body can beat these 'best' during non crisis times. And during the crisis time all are same any way. Probably that's why there are a lot of successful companies even with average talented people. Not only is XML shoe horned for purposes where it doesn't belong to, but also people who know only XML tend to use it so badly that it brings bad name to technologies associated with it. I work for a project that has involvement in a lot of technologies like Java, Perl, C and C++. Now the problem is somehow there is assumption that its difficult and costly to hire good C/C++ programmers. So what is the path taken? They tend to replace everything with Java. Now comes the actual issue, its easy to hire programmers who know Java. They come in volumes. Just post a hiring Ad, and thousands will land up at your doorstep next day. The actual issue is how do you separate the good ones from the bad ones? Once you hire such programmers, you have to deal with technology addiction. Things like eclipse, XML etc the whole project begins to revolve around such things. In my project nearly everything is XML, config files, DB, persistence you name it. If its on a file its XML. This JSON in XML which is surprising most of you folks already exists in a lot enterprise code bases. Project managers seem to have a narrow vision, debates on issues like these terminate with 'It works, so we just don't care'. I'm not against IDE's. But when your programmers can't do a simple deployment on test boxes, can't figure out even simple commands. All under the excuse of 'I only use eclipse', It begins to show up on the language community. Java in it self is not bad. But by reducing the barrier to entry to such low levels you are opening door for all sorts of toxins to come in. I see Python is the next Java in making. Masses are flocking to it. As it usually turns out to be, most of them horrible. They just contagiously corrupt the whole community, spread the disease and once they are done destroying it they move onto some thing new. After all you need to do something for a Job. I know parsing XML with regular expressions is a sin, but when you need to get some data out a 20 GB XML immediately in the next 10 minutes. It turns out that its better to check out the layout of the XML, use combinations of grep, sed, awk , perl with pipes just to serve the need for the moment. This is better than spending next 5 hours writing a Java program to do it. Its not a permanent solution, but either way that Java program and the shell hack are both going to do the very same. I would rather use the shell and do it, rather than spend the next 5 hours with Java and eclipse. There is interesting side to this example of yours. Terseness and its power have never been appreciated by the masses. The average programmer needs a tool, that can match his level of competence. This isn't just true in Data formats but also true when it comes to technologies. Java and Python, are loved by the masses today for that very reason. So as long as eclipse and its Ctrl-Space takes care of 'filling up the blanks' most programmers will use it. Beyond that everything is irrelevant at least for the masses. Now one fine day a cool Perl/Lisp/C programmer comes around and shows a you how you could do all that with more compact code along with flexibility and power and people suddenly realize what fun they were missing for years. Verbose stuff tends to get very famous for a while and then just fades away with time, never to be seen again. This whole thing about not speaking about something wrong ultimately leads to right stuff being lost. Enterprise vendors like IBM are always in the hunt of giving the industry something that forces volumes of people to use it, and then design tools around it that make people addicted to it. Just put a auto completion feature in a couple famous IDE's to enable this happen, and see how many people use it without caring what, why and how of it. Then one fine day there is situation that most of the programmers in the market are trained to use it and if you have to run a project you to hire them and let them to what they want. And then the technology adoption grows. Its not OK just to remain silent. Proper criticism is needed often, it helps things evolve in the right direction. I agree with you. Actually I'm not too much in favor of XML either. Somebody high up in the hierarchy attends a few conferences here and there, reads the IBM journal. All along the word 'XML' gets repeated some 1000 times. So the impression he gets is, XML is going to add value to everything it touches. Most developers like me have no say in that at all, we have to just use it. I prefer the hack to get it just done. But agree with you, none of that is a permanent solution. The thing about Bangalore IBM'ers I'm from Bangalore myself and can say that you are 100% correct. The whole thing is IBM Bangalore is actually composed of IBM services, and most of them service projects. I have many friends working there, and its just another Indian company. Its your usual job hoppers who know nothing but keep moving from one company to another just for hikes. To more about the state of affairs here, read my comment on another thread - http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2480368 Big companies divide their company internally into many units. Things like research, services or even on basis of Industry verticals like Banking, Communication and Entertainment. The units in IBM that work on Mainframes and Supercomputers et al, are totally different than the ones that execute maintenance and service projects. The people, the culture everything is different. India/Bangalore/Rest of India situation has become a joke to say at the least. Words like 'Architect', 'Consultant' , 'Tech lead' are all dangerous words here, generally a person who has that designation is useless, hasn't done any work at all. During 90's and early 2000's most people got rapidly promoted regardless of whether they deserve it or not. They have hardly coded, spent most of the times at on site locations made good money and are now just relaxing and pushing time. Managers have no frigging clue how projects need to run, architects don't even have basic technical skills. The assumption is that you can just give orders to juniors and get the job done. That is how most of the so called seniors work here. Good hackers/programmers are never rewarded due to many reasons. The horrible ones hop jobs to get good hikes and ultimately end up earning more than the good guys. The general attitude of the guys joining the industry is not be technically good, never code, just get promoted quickly, go to onsite, earn money in USD, purchanse a flat, car, marry and settle down. And these sort of guys were actually rewarded during 90's and 2000's. So now everybody wants to be like that. The actual good guys are there, but are lost in the crowd. This is like saying - 'I gave you a job so now I can treat you the way I want'. This sort of attitude is what fueled passions for communism. It keeps labor unions alive and general strikes perfectly acceptable. Because the employers some how have a attitude that they own employees and they are doing some great favor without which employees would have to starve to death.Giving job to someone is two way business, The guy needs you and you need the guy. I would take serious offense if my employer tries to behave like god and then treat me like a dog. It hurts more if the treatment is subjective, meaning a few people are treated well and a few aren't. And even more if I'm meted out such treatment solely on the basis of my color, religion or any other thing like for example sexual preference. I don't think that's true. Speaking of India, I can tell you since I'm from India... You can't possibly imagine the food crisis here. We are nation of people with millions of people not having access to even to meal even once a day. And that is not by option, but they simply have no way out. We have farmers committing suicide almost everyday, there is no water or very scanty amounts of water in many parts of the country. Unlike the US where is there is proper planning and good infrastructure(Irrigation, equipment, fertilizers, information, equipment etc) for agriculture. Farmers here back in India are purely dependent upon rains(Monsoons) and ancient methods of planting seeds(using cows). The land is often passed on from generations to generation and undergoes division as a part of inheritance due to which most farmers never get a large chunck of land. Adding all this the farmer productivity is very low, there is no support from the government, no rains, no equipment etc etc. And Farmers really are very poor and not as productive as ones in US. And prior to this there was slavery sort of set up, where you give away your whole life for a land lord. The country is very big, and there are too many people. The prices keep on rising. The middle class can't afford even grains and vegetables let alone meat and other stuff. The poor hardly get a meal a day. And few just eat a single roti(Indian flat bread) with salt for the whole day. Compared to this the Americans are feasting everyday. AMERICANS ARE LUCKY, I repeat AMERICANS ARE LUCKY. You are lucky to be eating stomach full everyday, You are lucky to be worrying about iPhones and not hunger and diseases. Be grateful to God and thankful. There are many places in the world where there aren't even the most basic necessities what you take for granted. I don't know about the whole asia, but processed food is very scanty in India. Most of the processed food is Jams, Ketchups etc. Which is hardly consumed by the poor. But unlike the US its very easy to buy fresh stuff here. Near the villages and country side most of it metal. Most due to high durability. But in Metro's Plastic is pretty famous and is widely used. Its in our culture to carry tasty food cooked by moms to schools/offices. But it seems like that culture is changing big time. McDonalds et al, have started offering good enough meals for 40 rupees onwards(less than $1 approx). Having said that, 40 rupees very unaffordable for a lunch meal. Even for a software engineer. Dining in all these McDonalds sort of restaurants is considered as for rich people. >>The workforce for the dhabbawallas is cheap and they live on a fairly low income. The way I understand it only a certain caste are dhabbawallas (correct me if I'm wrong). You need to understand the way this system works. In India the smaller cities and towns have virtually no opportunities if you want to financially well off. There fore the metros are flocked. When such a large population of people gather at a city. There are huge opportunities for anything and everything. Tiffin delivery system is one such opportunity. You will see many other things in India. Roadside Coffee, tea and cigarette vendors. In the US you people buy everything in super markets. But here vegetables are sold by people who wander street by street selling vegetables on push carts. Heck there is even a market for people who take care of your slippers when you leave them behind while entering a temple/mosque. Even though what they earn is very meager and may be nothing. But at least they have some means through which they can fill their stomachs. So dabbawallah's may be earning purely on basis of volumes alone. Not exactly, there is difference between offering quality of service out of professionalism and offering quality of service out of the fear that if you don't some body else will and take away your job. And if you lose your job you have no other option but to starve(With your family and kids). Its a little bit to imagine this in the US, partly because you haven't even the outside idea what sort of poverty is there here in India. They are not the same. And that sort of desperation can't be felt unless you are in that situation.