You should do some research into the demographics of the various combat arms roles in the US military. Funny you should say that, since you're the one hallucinating something other than what I wrote. Your first hire should be a woman PoC because diversity has to start at the beginning. Like for example speaking at a 4th grade level and having simple four word slogans? Robots are tools. Tools can only ever act as a multiplier for the productivity of a worker. A robot can't take your job anymore than a power screwdriver can take a carpenter's job, it only makes the carpenter more productive. This only eliminates jobs if you arbitrarily hold the total amount of production constant. Why would you do that? In a sane society, we'd celebrate increased worker productivity and use it to increase quality of life by making more and better things and maintaining the things we already have. Entropy ensures there will always be useful maintenance work to be done. It really shows how effective media gas-lighting has been that otherwise smart people believe that increased productivity necessitates unemployment or a massive shift of economic control to the public sector. All of that said, there are definitely reasons to move money creation away from the top 0.1% that are well connected and have banking licenses and somehow tie it more directly to productive behavior by individuals. Basic income is only interesting as a baseline model. The same total amount of new money could be introduced to the economy by lottery for example. Anytime you game something like this out you should include a random model as well as a constant one, as baselines to compare more sophisticated approaches against. People have never made decisions based on facts. We decide based on emotions, and then rationalize our decisions later if ever. Evolution did not optimize us for accurate understanding of the world. It optimized us for having offspring that survive. The latter by and large does not require the former. Indeed, deception plays a big role in human reproductive strategies. Elevator control isn't a toy problem which means you haven't thought about it at all. These agencies currently have no top leadership. My understanding is that this is just temporary until new cabinet secretaries are confirmed and can set communications policies. They don't want a situation where they have to issue releases a week later saying "strike that, reverse that!" This site is where the sober-minded logical people go to discuss things, so let's save the anti-Trump panic for when the FEMA death camps open up or something. I've always seen some close parallels between Peirce's approach to logic and Dijkstra's approach to program construction. Both start with an "empty" object and then transform it according to simple rules until the finished product satisfies some chosen set of predicates. But most everyone here knows Dijkstra, so I'm mostly just replying to thank you for bringing up Peirce. He's wildly under acknowledged and more importantly under-appreciated. Truly an American genius. The Amazon.com front page generating code is a proof relating some properties of its output to its input and that it halts. However it's also basically incomprehensible, so I doubt anyone alive could actually tell you precisely what it's proving. Your ability to prove something in any language is dependent on having a formal semantic for that language, or at least for a cognitively manageable subset that you're willing to restrict yourself to. The language semantics and memory model serve as axioms. Given how American programmers are trained, it's not realistic to expect them to be able to think of programs in a logical semantic way. There is something of an art to it and it's hard to learn a new way of thinking when you're satisfied with a way you already have. I agree that you can have an enjoyable hobby or make a living programming without really understanding what you're doing beyond intuitively and that's totally fine. Computing time is cheap and most applications don't cause any great harm when they behave in unintended ways. However the isomorphism between predicate calculus and computer programming isn't subjective. Programs really are proofs, just some of them are very sloppy. Formal verification will never catch on, because it's silly and prohibitively difficult for all but the simplest programs. On the other hand, formal construction is an idea whose time is long overdue. Rather than asking if program text T satisfies predicate P, instead start with P and then construct a T mechanically such that it must satisfy P. The latter is a much easier task than the former. Sort of like how it's easy to know N is the product of two large primes if you just multiplied two large primes together to get it. Dijkstra and Scholten's Predicate Calculus and Program Semantics is a good textbook on the subject. Dijkstra's a Discipline of Programming is much more informal, but I find it more readable and it has a number of good examples. This is an anti-science position. The inclination for people to hire those who remind them of themselves is well documented which means if you're not doing it to save money then you're doing it to favor your tribe. These pages are both grossly biased and intellectually dishonest. While I wouldn't go so far as to say it's impossible to impute motive from action, it's irresponsible to call defending borders racist when there are other reasonable and less incendiary explanations. I've historically supported the ACLU's mission, but right now they are showboating for donations and that plan is working out great for them which means we can expect them to double down on the strategy. It's no secret that a significant portion of political activism and fund-raising is just skinning suckers. The right ran the same scam on its constituents during the Obama years. It's pretty easy actually. It's pretty much the same argument one uses to justify building a fence around any other piece of property. None of us have very good insight into the administration's actions. We do know that the most provocative thing it has done so far was also called for by Bill Clinton and Barrack Obama. If you suddenly feel it's a huge deal now but you didn't then, it's probably because effective persuasion techniques have altered your world-view. Personally I hate having my reality manipulated like that and I go full contrarian, but everyone has to make their own decision about the reality tunnel they want to inhabit. PG's essay http://paulgraham.com/submarine.html is a good eye opener. From there, read Robert Cialdini's books. While persuasion works on everyone, even if they know the techniques and even if they know they are being applied, being aware that it's being done is still better than not. The most effective (while assuredly strictly incorrect) approach I know of is to assume that everything you hear is true. All of it, good, bad, indifferent, from all sides. And then weight all of that in the context of your own values and make the decision you think is right. While this requires holding contradictory beliefs, that's clearly something we as humans are more than capable of so why not use it? "I want a country with law and order, where police officers listen to the courts, not to the president." You should learn a bit more about how our legal system works. Separation of powers means the Judicial branch can't have control over an executive power like policing. He has the ear of the President of the United States. I don't know how to put a price on that, but I'm positive it's worth a lot. I didn't say it is, just that an analogous argument can be applied. First you postulate citizenship as membership in a private club. The club's bylaws determine who gets to be a member and how the club's property is to be managed and protected. The rest is trivial and I'm not actually a libertarian so I'm not going to bother working through it. This kind of cognitive dissonance is a reliable indicator that persuasion techniques have been applied. Interestingly, presenting contrary facts is well-established to have virtually no persuasive power. If you really want to expand your mind try the technique in the post you're replying to. If you're comfortable inhabiting a reality where a crazy oompa loompa is going to drop nukes any day now, carry on then. "which has resulted in at least 1 death" this is not true. Too bad nobody agrees on what those are. So you can tolerate each other, segregate yourself, or fight. The New York Times take on the ruling: "Judge Robart's brisk ruling contained almost no reasoning." The only time I've seen this is in well thought out articles demonstrating that Trump is absolutely nothing like Hitler. Here is a good example: https://regiehammblog.wordpress.com/2017/02/01/this-hitler-n... Anyone reading this who feels a powerful urge to jump in and demonstrate their confirmation bias in a reply is invited to stop, take a deep breath, and think about it first.