Professor was suprised that there are two distinct set of rules, game rules and social rules, and that by breaking social rules you can anger people? Somebody should go to his office and pee on his desk explaining to the professor that he is not breaking any game rules (in that case called 'physics'). Professor could be also suprised by revelation that in real world also two distinct set of rules exist. Maybe he could write about this afterwards. Splitting people around you into groups and labeling them as 'us' and 'them' lies in biology. It can't be totally suppressed. What schools could actually do is to give those two colored T-Shirts randomly to the kids to create artificial division that would allow them to get past the tribal labeling period without forming persistent bias based on some real unchangeable (although insignificant) quality such as skin color. Two black holes colliding. In Britain international criminal lord could sue Interpol for libel and win. I think that only sensible way to deal with the libel is to allow it. It's already that way in reality. If someone spreads a rumour about someone else to hurt his reputation the source of gossip is impossible to track and impact can be devastating despite all the clarifications and court judgements. Explicitly allowing for libel could do the same to impact of false claims that possibility of posting anything on the internet did to perceived credibility of any unverified information. Those laws might be fine when small amount of influential people could effectively disseminate information but in the viral age of today, when false information written on someones anonymous blog can sweep across information agencies all over the world the libel laws effectively serve only trolls and powerful organization to fight journalists. Actually this page is brilliant. I have not included php.js in my projects but used this page many times to find out how to do in JavaScript things that are easy in PHP but in js ... they are not easy at all. ... also often you don't know or even can't estimate how much dollars something can bring in in long term. If you are starting new unique venture you can't really estimate potential gains. But from history of man kind seems that investing in new things and even exotic research is in the long run extraordinarily beneficial. Gains from gathering resources and building ITER (or GPS, or orbital power plant) earlier not later can give humanity much greater benefit than it would gain from instantiating 5 mln startups with 1/5mlnth of the used resources. I'd even say that no value can be created by human activity (by means other than resource exploitation) if it does not involve inventing or applying new technology. Can't people use some better models for monetizing on their creations in place of old "Pay us or we won't show you!"? It's hurting all of us and we have technology now to deal with this some better way. Study comparing apples to oranges ... Why anyone takes this seriously? Just because of thrill value? From Wikipedia: However, this study has been considered to have next to no scientific value, because it compares the irradiated population with the much older general population of Taiwan. A subsequent study by Hwang et al. (2006) found a significant exposure-dependent increase in cancer in the irradiated population, particularly leukemia in men and thyroid cancer in women, though this trend is only detected amongst those who were first exposed before the age of 30 Dolphins do sleep. But only with half of the brain. One of the functions of sleep might be just inactivity but another much more important one must be associated with neurons. I think sleep (namely REM phase) is needed for neural network to avoid overlearning. That's why sleep deprived persons hallucinate. Their neural network is overlearned to recognize stimuli from senses and it recognizes known patterns even if stimuli is week. Nothing better to avoid that is to disconnect neural network from muscles (to avoid hurting yourself) and discharge neurons randomly for some time. "Understanding a pointed finger may seem easy, but consider this: while humans and canines can do it naturally, no other known species in the animal kingdom can." So chimps can't follow finger if it's beneficial for them? Or dolphins or crows? My friend was afraid that someone might want to hurt her dog by feeding him something nasty, and since there is much more right handed people she taught her dog to avoid treats given with right hand. Dog gladly accepted treats given with left hand. At first I was amazed that dog can discern between left and right side of human or the world. That's not something that comes easily even for humans. After the dog refused to take treat lying on the inside of my left hand I turned the hand by 180 deg along wrist-elbow axis and placed treat on top of my hand. Dog accepted the treat without much hesitation. Dog did not understand the concepts of left and right, just relied on placement of the thumb on the human hand he saw. That's how I circumvented her little security measure and hacked into her dog. ;-) What amazes me is that in relatively short lists of things on internet I often see duplicates. May this be lists of jokes, arguments even photos. Copies are usually close to each other, often on the same mid sized page. Is there something in creators psyche that causes having a blind spot on such duplicates? Example from this article: 4. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. 11. Entrepreneurship doesn’t always run in the family. More than half (51.9 percent) of respondents were the first in their families to launch a business. Surely this can't be sole reason for all occurences of this effect on the interenet (and even in books). ;-) That's not the point. I am not talking about lack of originality. I am talking about failure to notice duplication in short list of supposedly interesting content published by oneself. From my experience on pair programming: - it occurs naturally if you give two programmers one computer and one problem. - one programmer becomes tactician/executor, other one becomes strategist/supervisor - tactician thinks how to make loop to iterate properly, strategists thinks why to make loop and what to do next. - it helps immensely to have someone who has different ideas than you on your side, if you are willing to submit to this ideas if you don't have other than idealistic arguments against them. I found it much easier to achieve "pair flow" than just "flow". I think someone should write internet worm that upgrades IE on the computers it infects, spreads for after a while then closes hole through which it spreads (so the computer won't get infected again) and then delete itself. The fact that such worm does not exist yet after all years of IE6 suffering might mean that worm writing hackers are assholes. The cause could be that inside the block there were already the /* */ comments, and editor did not have single keystroke option to add // at the beginning of each selected line. Ok. So I have another theory. In place of false there was previously some ugly condition and he wanted get rid of the things that were done on this condition with minimal necessary effort hoping that someone in the future with more time (maybe even himself) will clean that up since doing cleanup in such case is not hard thing to do. "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Again repetition in short published list. Am I going insane? Do you also see this? How that happened? Maybe I am indeed going insane. Again repetition in short published list. http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=834697 "Companies succeed with single founders all the time. Just look at Digg, Craigslist, eBay, Netflix, Wordpress, Wikipedia, Amazon, TechMeme, PBWiki, TechCrunch, TechMeme, and Etsy." Do you imply that people who ignore some laws do things only for profit? I know that such worm could accidentally be harmful. But IE6 is also very harmful. Security issues in IE can attribute for large fraction of infections with malicious software. Drugs can have side effects in some percentage of treated patients but if they help more than hurt they are still used, especially for diseases where no good treatment is available. Just like in case of IE6. Probably only small fraction of current IE6 users needs IE6 and would revert to it in case other than reinstalling windows after total system failure and thus involuntarily bringing IE6 back on board. I guess there is no good way to weeding out IE6 from corporate environments. Maybe MS should just revoke their licences to use IE6 and sue them? It's interesting question in general how to weed harmful piece of software out of ecosystem. I have friend like that and he saved my ass many times. When I was stuck trying to find satisfying solution, he was almost always coming up on the spot with something simpler then I was striving for, but upon close inspection good enough. If I pointed significant problem in his solution he either came up with fix or abandoned his idea without regret. I like to think that I design better apis and libraries than him because I concentrate much more on what I want to have and try to weed out any inconvenience, but when I can't get what I want then he comes up with the idea I actually can get and is good enough.