It can be applied recursively, but with diminishing returns and an increasingly alien (to a software developer) set of rules as you go down. If learning one thing made you 10% better at the thing above it, you would also become 1% better at the thing above that. Smaller transistors take less energy to switch. The problem with heat dissipation is not that the amount of energy wasted goes up, it is that the [i]ratio[/i] of energy wasted goes up. There is a point where the increase in resistance will nullify the decrease in switching costs, it is at this point where we would need superconductors. I'd really like a gallery of previous tees so I can see what sort of thing I would be getting. You say they won't be logo shirts, so what will they be? I'm interested but confused. By external factors, I think he means factors unrelated (or at least not very related) to the success of the company, like wild stock speculation. I recall that this is what happened with the Blender Foundation. Perhaps something incredible will come of this? Wordpress takes a simple thing (One-way flow of text from author to reader) and makes it easy. It could be a lot harder to deal with something where information was going both ways. A very important part of an interactive webpage is how it changes over time and with different inputs. Web developers have no trouble looking at some example widgets and imagining all the possible things a user could make them look like, but most people (might) have trouble doing that. The same thing, I imagine, applies to running servers. I only know a bit about operating servers, but from my experience there is a complete, unremovable complexity that comes with having a powerful set of tools. Perhaps, we could remove almost all the configurability from the instant-server kit, but then why would you want to run your own? It doesn't move forever, it moves until you stop it. It is a lot like a spinning satellite - the only reason it keeps going is because there is no friction. Knuth is not a developer, he is a computer scientist. The standard CS career path is not yet well trodden, maybe we are all supposed to turn into managers and high-level researchers as we get older? I think the main difference is that the launch is made using a commercial launch vehicle/capsule. If you had the money, you could hand Space X a ball of metal and a pile of cash and they will put it in orbit for you. Just because the government is the first paying customer doesn't mean it isn't commercial. I recall them saying it was liquid oxygen venting. For those that don't click on the image, there is a hole in the rover where a screw would normally be found. Does anyone here know if this is intentional? This is to prevent users from creating passwords they cannot remember. It could very well be true that having a streamlined password recovery system (weak to social engineering) is less secure than having easy-to-remember easy-to-guess passwords. I'm not sure what the estimated failure rate for the falcon 9 rockets were before the most recent launch, but let's assume it was 1 in 27. So: The insurance company looks at the deal and sees that they have a 1 in 27 chance of having to pay out. Then they ask Orbcomm to pay $10,000,000/27 + profit. Statistically, the insurance company will always win if they make enough deals. Oh, and I am sure that if NASA offered $1B to anyone who would insure the 50 million tank, there would be an army of takers. ;) What if instead of a sidebar, you could get information about a word by putting your mouse over it and doing something? (does javascript let you trap rightclicks?) All programers are concerned with design, if nothing else the design of the implementation! All good coders realize that there will really be two groups of users, the consumers and those who wish to extend or maintain the application. A piece of code with a good UX (maybe DX instead?) makes my life so much easier and can save my company quite a bit of money if my salary is high. For small groups, having developers who can make good end user interfaces is pretty much a requirement, but this is noting special. If you were developing oilfield software, you would need to know about drilling. If you are developing software whose purpose is to augment some already-existing element of humanity (like communication), then it is not a surprise that you would want developers that know about how humans like to do things. As members of a community focused almost entirely on a specific subset of everything there is to know about in the world, we must not forget that while a furniture maker should know woodworking well, he should also know about how people sit. Considering that they use the singular term "life's work", I don't think they intend for their signs to apply to people with more than one goal in their lives. Also, isn't it obvious when you are happy with what you are doing? What we really need are the signs that you are looking at your life's work's job listing. >If, however, there is much more concern around how the cookware is organized in the kitchen, or which brand of vegetable oil should be bought, that has almost no tangible benefits to the person eating the meal. I think you are only looking at one side of the multiplier effect. Yes, organizing cookware does not prepare food, but have you ever tried to cook when all your tools are in a drawer, piled together? Design leads implementation and implementation gives substance to design. Valuing one over the other is like saying a car's engine is more important than it's gas pedal. So, why not have specialized workers? It makes sense to me that the people who don't understand the needs of the average user would be the perfect people to have slog through the mess of poorly designed APIs that pretty much every project ever will have to deal with at some point. All new languages carry with them a very large amount of risk. If for nothing else, it would be good to learn this language to get better at learning languages. Type some text over 'chairs' and it will give you an image plus some more text. I think this is supposed to be a parody of a commercial FB ran a little while back, where they compared chairs to facebook. I actually kind of wonder how they did it, the images are (mostly) accurate. Maybe a google image search? Wasn't the rocket science done by the people who made the solid rocket fuel tube thing? If you look at the comments on the article, they are 4 out of 6 Korean propaganda. (at the time I wrote this comment) Maybe I am abnormally ignorant about recent history, but could you expand on this statement? No. Writing is low-impact work. You can only write so many words in a day. The people that are changing the world don't do it by writing words. But wait a minute... writing well about important things is VERY high-impact work. If you are lamenting that your work is low impact, maybe you should find something other than the latest cat photo sharing enterprise knowledge framework. We created our distractions, and we will surely limit them if doing so becomes worthwhile. If a company that banned non-enterprise smartphones during work hours was more profitable than one that did not, if the difference was great enough, the banners would quickly overtake everyone else. This is where culture comes from. I don't think you quite got what I am trying to say. Addictive smartphone checking isn't culture, it is a problem that culture will be generated to solve. (Well, it could also turn out to be not nearly as much of an issue as we think it is, and then we will all forget about it save for the odd blog post making fun of how we were scared of something as normal as walking or watching a movie.)