I'm very curious as to what they are going to do about the slow but steady rollout of DNSSEC around the world, given the main point is to stop spoofed responses (i.e. their business). Remember that PostgreSQL isn't run by a commercial enterprise, it's written by volunteers who as a general group couldn't care less about marketing, market share or what your business wants. For an rather more extreme example of this see OpenBSD, who basically say "if you want to use it go right ahead, but we build OpenBSD for our own use, not for your use." If he had just Google'd the hashes he'd have saved himself $2, considering there was no salting. (in response to tptacek below) it doesn't help against a single hash, but for multiple hashes you scale up the amount of work required by the number of salts in use. To get the undergraduate degree at Cambridge you have to pass the examinations for Part I and II (some subjects have IA, IB and II and others have I, IIA and IIB), along with some other crazy medieval rules. You can trivially switch once you've completed Part I, and also within the first weeks of starting Part I; there are some other circumstances but these are the most common. I find it pretty hard to believe the iOS review monkeys have the technical ability to reason about the disassembly of a binary (if sufficiently obfuscated there are maybe 1000 people tops on Earth with the ability to do this). As long as the operating system has a dynamic linker all bets are off wrt. static analysis, and the halting problem definitely applies to automated analysis. If the OS allows writable pages to ever be executable then you can pretty easily hide your nasty code in the low order bits of an innocent looking data file (say an image), then pull them out and execute them at runtime. hence "to ever be executable", they don't need to be writable and executable, as long as at one point they are writable (for you to dump your code in), then at some point they're executable (writable or otherwise). as for dlopen(), you could just compile that directly into your app rather than using it from libc/libdl, bypassing that limitation entirely. that's pretty incredible, I'm genuinely surprised. I suppose it's possible when you start from scratch, there's no way they could do that on the Mac. In the UK the merchant is not permitted to touch the customers card; all the card readers face the customer and are used by the customer (restaurants all have mobile PIN entry devices). Now each credit card in the UK is has a chip (which uses end-to-end crypto), they're looking to phase out magstripes completely. Currently if the merchant has to fallback to using the magstripe then he'll have considerably less protection against customer fraud, and he'll pay a much higher transaction fee. Square would not be permitted to operate in the UK. since Windows 2000 you've been able to register COM components in HKEY_CURRENT_USER. there's no online component... your phone takes the current time (divided by some value), the secret key, and performs a cryptographic function on it, then the system you're logging into does the same thing and compares the results. with secureid the secret key is fixed in the hardware (and RSA keep a copy of the key), whereas with Google authenticator you can generate and input the key yourself, so that Google never sees it. don't most people use their ISPs DNS servers, making this mostly irrelevant? the latter, e.g. I'd assume an competent ISP with a large customer presence on the west coast would have DNS servers for their customers on the west coast, or just use anycast... and VS is no IDEA, which also has Python support! seems like a lot of effort. I don't really care if my CC details appear in some IRC channel on EFNet, as I'm not liable for fraudulent use... a simple phone call to my card provider and they'll issue a chargeback... indeed, or pypi, or PEAR, and I'm sure ruby has something similar too and as a user of packages, rather than a package developer, I care about precisely none of that functionality. I want this package installed (plus its dependencies), and I want it now, that's all. I'm not sure I buy that (paraphrased) "Perl is good because CPAN has billions more packages than other language's repos" either, for one I remember trying to find a library that did SHA1 digests, there were three, and I managed to pick the one that give incorrect results... of course in Python it's just built-in, as are sockets, http, smtp, imap... I guess understanding why purely language bound code (which most likely accounts for 95% of the packaged code out there), e.g. an object system, would need testing across the cartesian product of all versions, all OSes and all archs, is beyond me... I guess when you have a language that doesn't have a specification, you require things like this... yes, but the point is if the utility provided by these "dists" would be mostly useless for other languages, then it's hardly honest to use said feature to promote CPAN (and therefore perl) against other languages. the review system is a questionable advantage too, as I don't want to go digging through 16 SMTP packages to find the best one, and especially as I suspect most people install CPAN modules through the command prompt (or via their distro's package manager), rather than digging through a website. I also note that Python tends to adopt the best packages into the standard library... in the UK offset mortgages are one solution to this problem: say you have a mortgage of £200k remaining, and £50k in a linked instant access savings account, then you only pay interest on £150k (no tax to pay on that effective interest either). if you've done Java commercially you've used sub-par tools. 1. any decent IDE will compile as you type 2. I'll give you this one 3. Java supports dynamic class reloading, it works out of the box with jetty. 4. you just press "run" in the ide. 5. same applies to java, just requires you take your (automatically built) .class file 6. I'm not sure how difficult you think JDBC is.. you just give it the connection string and the driver name. 7. just drop the war into your servlet directory, and you're done so the war is just built trivially by the IDE when you use a webapp type project. no messing around with the classpath as the war contains all dependent jars. if you want clean builds you set up something like jenkins (with the automatically generated exported build files). 1) and 3) I was referring to development, you can just code away and hit F5 to see your results the same way in Java you can with PHP. wrt database jars/binaries: a modern IDE does this all for you too, and is all output into the target war. doesn't look like you can turn it off once you visit that page... great sunk cost fallacy? their support is excellent too, I've had Eddy Nigg (the founder) respond to emails within 10 minutes on several occasions.