Not Really. I work at Microsoft. MS has mountains of cash and they're hiring like crazy. I agree Microsoft might not have the sexiest product that make everyone drool, but they have some products that make a ton of money and not sexy at all. e.g SQL Server Not sure how major, major will be. I was removing my actual facebook token and reducing profanity. Fixed the issues! They're making money. They use SSL and OAuth. that works 99.9% of the cases. The rest would be nerds like me who would go on hacking the damn thing. I've gotten a few dates but nothing interesting. The previous API version had real birthdates, full names and geolocations. That was gold! Why not make an actual job site? It seems the data here is quite disorganized. There are quite a few who wants to be hired and who is hiring posts? Could work as a free job listing site for hacker-techies. I am a MS employee waiting to move to the US. Just so frustrated by the system. After 15 months I've fallen in love with Vancouver. I come from Australia. Yes, the winter sucks, but as Engineers we spend a lot of time indoors and it doesn't make a huge difference. I would definitely apply for YC Vancouver. The tech community here is vibrant and growing. I'm from Australia. Can definitely say housing is cheaper than Vancouver. Vancouver has been flooded by Super Rich Asians from China dumping their money in property and sky rocketing the prices for property. Can't get a 2 bedroom for less than $750,000. I used Meteor for a project and almost killed myself. Its good and fancy but loads a bajillion javascript libs that you have no idea. Also loads of dependencies on specific versions. DO NOT USE IT FOR PRODUCTION PROJECTS! I've had a very very horrible experience. any chance we could this as a axax front-end to mysql database? I'd pay for it. Looks amazing. Would solve so many issues. I think its the classic chicken-egg problem like any other platform. flexbox support for mobile browsers is still pretty terrible. Not sure why India is red. I mean its a pretty crazy country to be in, but no one censors your shit like China. While getting my advanced open diver licence, I did a dive with grey nurse sharks. There I learn't how important sharks were. Where there are sharks, there are more reefs, more other species. When the sharks are killed, the over-feeding begins and over time the reef is depleted. Again, this is only in SV. In canada, its pretty difficult to get a $100k+ job. I've re-written a couple of systems. I think sometimes a refactor is a lot more expensive. e.g old system was written in actionscript/flash. The old devs left and lots of little bugs. Best to just rewrite in HTML/JS that works on mobile and you have full control. Another example. This dude had a giant wordpress site with a bazillion plugins. It worked but when something went wrong he couldn't figure jack shit and couldn't add more. Re-wrote it with a CMS, he got a 100x boost on how fast he could get things done. Sometimes the old just needs to be replaced with the new. I know one of top female coders in Google who worked on Maps. She said her dad taught her a few things in java when she was young. Her dad would give her some sort of reward of every little school problem she could solve with java. Before she even grew boobs, she made a word problem solver based on the STUDENT paper http://dspace.mit.edu/bitstream/handle/1721.1/5922/AIM-066.p... Lag and latency would be an issue Congrats Meteor! but I really find it loading a bazillion javascript files a bit of an overkill. Also debugging is a pain in the butt. Coming belgium this Jan. Excited! For a guy who is not very good at Maths, this was a great explanation. Thanks. I get to see a lot of people giving hate to Javascript for being not a real language. But with TypeScript it really feels like a modern language to build large apps. I love how coffeescript offers high expression ability for prototyping while typescript offers scaffold so you don't shoot yourself in the foot. Velodyne already has their own self driving car. What google is working on is the hard bits like figuring out how to handle cyclists, shitty drivers, pedestrians, traffic lights. Those things are hard. But someday I'd really like to see an open source version of a road capsule. Mainly aimed taking existing cars and running them like trains on a track. 1) Stop when an obstacle is in front 2) Automatic follow the current lane, maintain a safe distance with car in-front and follow the speed limit. 3) Parse traffic lights and be able to make turns. 4) Wait for passenger to get in and out. There's no reason why I can't take a short nap while I'm on a 100km straight road going cross country at night when there are almost no cars on the road. I'm betting that someday in the future we're going to have lanes on road specifically for self driving buses/cars just like we have dedicated train lanes. That's super awesome looking. I signed up just to use the interface. This makes reading corporate memos so much pleasant. Suck at arithmentic. But this took me 20 seconds to write. setInterval(function(){ $("#question-answer").val(eval($("#question").text())).trigger("keyup") }, 2001);