The data on importation makes no sense at all. There should have been a HUGE drop in arrivals of slaves at US ports after 1808, when importation was banned. The animation shows no visible drop at all, instead showing a roughly flat rate through the Civil War. Dial-a-Ride was a horrendous failure in Santa Clara County despite the faint critical tone of this article. How it works among a small and/or dense population is another story. My late father was a leading critic of Dial-a-Ride at the time, mustering his considerable organizational analysis skills to show just how unworkable it was even in the most perfect scenario. To wit: imagine an assortment of riders all lying roughly in a long line across the valley with a common destination. Even in that case, the transit time for the first boarder from origin to destination would be at least 10-15 TIMES direct door-to-door time, or at least 3-4 times as long as taking existing bus routes with transfers (if needed). In a small town with a well-bounded small center of commerce and residences, sure, that could work. Here's a postmortem analysis from Stanford: http://link.springer.com/article/10.1007%2FBF00165244 VTA's current farebox recovery rate is below 15% and, to my knowledge, has not ever been better than that. oh, there was a handful of tall buildings (I recall seeing the Community Bank and Bank of America buildings using a telescope from the eastern hills), but there was never sufficient density of population or workforce for transit to be cost-effective. The (lack of) such commonality was key. SCCTA/VTA's infrastructure was always politically oriented, not need-based. Note how Mineta obtained hundreds of millions of Federal funding for light rail along the Mountain View/Sunnyvale corridor (despite mass reductions of workforce in the area at the time from Lockheed and the Blue Cube)... then quit his House seat early and joined Lockheed Martin's executive ranks. But I'm sure that was just coincidence. This reminds me of when I was a staff Consultant at an RDBMS company 25 years ago. A major telecom company was getting crashes in the server because of alleged I/O errors (mostly writes) in the raw i/o version of the server (no filesystem)... just a few times per several hundred thousand (or million) transactions. Subsequent disk and controller diagnostics were always fine. (This was before any fault tolerance was programmed into the server... my code for this problem was the first ever.) Most failures were writes, a few were reads. No obvious pattern (time of day, load, transaction type, lunar phase, sunspots, strength of coffee, etc.) This was on a DEC with Unix System V and DEC disk hardware, so only one vendor to deal with. Anyway, seeing nothing "wrong" with the related code (other than no tolerance for error codes from the raw i/o calls), I theorized that maybe the "errors" were spurious and no actual fault or corruption was resulting, so I wrapped the i/o calls in retry loops (with the number of retry attempts tunable by the user) and logged any "failures" and results of the retry attempts. So, I did a build with my changes, had the customer run from my directory, then wait and watch for the carnage... Turns out that every retry was successful. In fact, all but one of the dozen or two per day was successful on first try, and none needed more than two. No actual flaw in data was ever found. Anyway, it turned out to be some spurious error specific to a specific drive type with that specific controller running that specific firmware... and apparently their filesystems code knew to work around it. Client site personnel were really nice to me, too. "In this query, we get (sic) all the users with the name 'jorge' are queried and then ordered in descending order by age." Am I missing something, or should that say "ASCending" ? This article is so laden with flawed reasoning and factual errors, I wonder if its specific goal is to troll for hits. With respect to (un)employment, labor is a MARKET and always behaves as such -- the interplay of supply and demand, when not artificially constrained, set prices. For all his rants about the "American Founders" insisting on freedom to act on one's own judgment, he seems to forget about those 85 years of legal slavery. Anyway, regarding some utter falsehoods in his rants... for example, "before the 1920s, there were no limits on immigration" ignores both limits by statute (e.g. the Chinese Exclusion Act; the Scott Act; Immigration Acts of 1882, 1903, 1917, 1918; the Naturalization Act of 1906) and practice (opposition to immigration by group, from the Irish to Italians to Slavs and Asians). As for "given a constant money supply, nominal wage rates fall. But real wage rates rise, because total output has gone up", I'm utterly baffled what he means. I'm used to "real wages" meaning wages adjusted for inflation. His praise of the 1920s bubble economy completely ignores the subsequent Great Depression. His ludicrous claim that the U.S. is "underpopulated" totally ignores the scarcity of critical resources in supporting our CURRENT population, especially water (existing aquifers are being depleted at current population). etc. I find irony in the fact that this page purports to preach about web optimization, yet its text doesn't even display properly on Chrome. (The larger blue font content is utterly misplaced and unreadable) Are London black-cab operators still required to learn "The Knowledge" (exhaustive detailed geography and traffic patterns) to get a license? I'm guessing that Uber drivers are not. >Get shot as an Uber driver, everyone feels sorrry (sic), but it's the shooter's fault rather than Uber's But this policy change could now expose them -- since Uber explicitly forbids the driver from carrying for self-defense, its policy guarantees a defenseless victim. Exactly. Does Uber then have a rule that a driver may refuse a passenger who has a weapon on his person or in his luggage, and will it prevent such a denied passenger from downrating the driver? I doubt it. Oh, there's clearly a way to productize a particularly obnoxious (and increasingly common) behavior among ethically-challenged ticket buyers, telling them what (high-quality) seats are unlikely to be occupied at a given event. Say, for example, there is a set of front-row seats for an NBA playoff game currently unsold. The seller may have them listed on Stubhub, or NBAtickets.com (AKA TicketExchange/Ticketsnow), or on Ticket Network, or any combination of those or other resale sites. With all Stubhub instant-fulfillment listings and TicketExchange listings, the details of the seats are listed right down to the seat numbers . So, an aggregating mobile app could scan the primary sites to harvest unsold listing details as the event approaches (or, in the case of Stubhub, most events for which they don't control ticketing stay up for up to an hour after the start time) and tell the user that those seats are unsold (and therefore unlikely to be legitimately occupied). Sadly, this is going on right now - there are third party sites which are scanning prime unsold seats and taking existing valid cheap-seat tickets and editing the section and row details to match the unsold listing,then selling those cheap seats as the better seats. I have experienced this firsthand with my own Sharks club seats. This fraud problem (and other extensions of this tactic that the reader can easily guess) is exploding and will continue to do so as long as idiot venues stick with PDF (or other user-editable) ticketing and lax seat piracy enforcement. Meanwhile, the New Yorker is oddly mute on the 120+ “homicide-related offenses” known to be committed by persons illegally present in the USA (and pending deportation who were released anyway) in the past 5 years alone... or the 34+ murders per month in Chicago. Even if English is not his first language, one would think that he could use a basic spellcheck tool against his self-promoted page. ("Competititve"?) Well, Stubhub would seem to be an obvious candidate. New management could make it much more profitable (e.g. add price floors like the other official resale marketplaces), but they would also face a potential avalanche of fraud cases they aren't prepared for. The Dolphin browser. Because of the almost universally sloppy implementations of mobile sites by the e-commerce sites I use most frequently, I've tried every browser I can find that allows configuration as a Desktop user agent AND have it used as such. For a while, I've been using Opera. But some sites still treat its user agent (interpreted as Linux by most other sites) as mobile. Stubhub, in particular, does this, and their mobile pages are dumbed down to utter uselessness. Dolphin gives me normal desktop functionality and works well with most sites I've tried, tvguide.com being one exception. Although I loathe both Monsanto's corporate behavior in general and the taste of aspartame specifically (I use stevia), it struck me that many of the statements in this article are ripped straight from the assortment of anti-aspartame hysteria sites (holisticmed, Betty Martini et al)... right down to duplicating the same typos ("one main health effects", "Reagans’", "it’s (sic) safety", and the rather obvious " We have written"). The user is presented with a ready-made ISO image, yet the writer finds using it to be "deeply arcane, difficult and problematic"? Wow. Had he shown up at old-school Linux copyfests and installfests, he'd probably have us participants all burned as witches. This is the eleventh time this has been submitted to HN in the past 2 days, under varying titles. Why again? I think it's intellectually dishonest to change the title and thereby imply something that the data does not say at all. The data for the first chart is specific to political contributions reported to FEC and is totally unattributed with respect to scope or date range . The second chart, "Which way does your occupation lean?", references no data source at all . Yet again, both sources exhibit the same problem. They are cooking the data. I've worked with voter data a lot over the years, both on the registration/turnout side and the contributions side. The "occupation" field is just a self-assigned 35 character text field, lacking a discrete set of predefined titles to choose from. The data referred to here represent the authors pooling a semi-random assortment of descriptions into specific buckets of their definition (for example, very few FEC entries actually say "Beer wholesaler", since people performing that role would use any of 5-10 different terms in preference, given that such wholesalers almost never limit themselves to just beer... and I doubt that a statistically significant population actually records its occupation as, literally, "cattle feeder"). Point being, trying to make general inferences from unattributed, cooked data is more parody than news. By the say, can anybody get that search box on the WP page to do anything? It does nothing for me on either IE or Chrome. clickbait fail Why would you bring your partner into a "failed state?" Romani ite domum! why isn't the #1 reason to avoid introducing regressions , i.e. changing a behavior that (even if it runs contrary to spec or documentation) existing users/applications rely on, knowingly or unknowingly? In such cases, fixes shouldn't be rejected per se but instead be deferred until the full impact on existing code bases can be estimated. Such a fix should be deferred to the next major release AND the user base notified that the change in behavior is coming (and/ ideally, give affected users a way to check their apps for reliance on that soon-to-end behavior and/or provide a backward-compatibility switch to retain the old behavior long enough to get affected apps converted). Few things alienate your existing user base more than having long-working applications suddenly broken by "fixes" whose implications were not warned of in (at least) release notes. I think people will feel safer if you direct them to get it via the Play store, where people can expect it to have been vetted a bit. Search on "brain.cards" in quotes.