What do you envision as the use case for this? You are not insane, but if you don't have a specific use in mind, you're bordering on being an architecture astronaut. Simple scheme implementations sans closures/callcc exist in ridiculously short amounts of code (100 lines or so), for just about any underlying language. But none of them is very useful. An interpreter such as you describe is practically guaranteed to make this too slow for any real use. It is my opinion that non of the "memory-to-memory" tasks is holding any better language back; if anything, it's accessing the real world and/or accessing other systems. The tasks you listed are usually available with a new language as part of its standard library, albeit not feature complete or with a standard interface. An implementation such as you suggested may provide a feature complete, standardised solution -- however, it will not be convenient due to "impedance mismatch" (differing object models / storage models / needed conversions back and from, etc). Validating an email address is all good, but without shelling out to /usr/bin/mail or tcp access, you can't actually send it -- and whatever you use for actually sending it probably has a validator already. Parsing, specifically (most of your examples) has relatively good language agnostic support in such things as the GOLD parser --- and yet, it always loses in convenience to a system that lets you embed implementation language constructs, such as yacc / lex / ometa / antlr / lemon and friends. Sorry for being a little non constructive, but I think that without a concrete, specific use case that clearly demonstrates an advantage, this project may be interesting philosophically, but useless in practice. When you work out an example compare: (cost of implementing said feature from scratch in a new language) to (cost of implementing interpreter + conversions from language + conversion of results back to language idioms + ... + in each language + 1/6 feature (amortized over 6 languages)). Take into account unicode and charset handling because you value correctness above all. I think you'll find it hard to justify. What are those languages somewhat devoid of libraries, and what is the large body of methods that can actually fit in this list of yours that you believe are holding language adoption back? I surely lack breadth of knowledge and imagination, but I can't come up with these lists. Back in '2000 or so, there were approximately 40 products in that space - I counted because I was working on one. They all required some form of download - and non of them got critical mass. Odigo Communicator; ICQ Surf; Zadu; Hypernix Gooey; Cahoots GetWebby; and a whole lot more. Also, there was an IE addin called 3rd voice that let you annotate a site for others. I wonder if now is a better time for this kind of products. There is so much contradicting evidence that it's not even funny. read Gary Taubes, Michel Cabanac, Seth Roberts. Do you know how the magical "1g protein = 4kcal, 1g carbohydrate = 4kcal, 1g fat = 9kcal" numbers were reached? Hint: They were never measured in vivo, or in vitro cells -- the follow from a very fragile theory, which breaks in every way you look at it -- and yet, it's considered "science. His diet as presented doesn't, but if you read his research notes (specifically, read through "what makes food fattening?") you'll see his own personal evidence/anecdote for this, and how it sits with other results. (But basically, beyond his own anecdote and theory which does not imply or contradict anything about calories, he mostly channels and enhances Cabanac and Israel) Other pointers: http://www.kuro5hin.org/story/2002/11/14/22741/791 - for an older version of K (from 2002), still very relevant. http://kx.com/q/d/ has the docs you're looking for (for a language called "q", which is exactly k with more english and less symbols). You can download a runtime from the kx website Dude, I'm in the market for a UK based VPN, but your IPHouse speed test is not responding. How do you know that "these cases of bad science are few compared to the good"? Seriously, whenever money or prestige is involved, the bad science has a much better chance. Quite a few people suggested gpg/hash or public key. If you do that (I wouldn't), be sure to include fluff before and after the number inside your signed message; A credit card has ~30 bit of randomness, and if you know the hashed/encrypted (even if salted) version of the hash, a hacker can just enumerate the credit card number to see if it comes out the same. It's not just the credit card numbers that are valuable -- it's the combination of credit card number + billing address that are generally required to make a purchase. 30 bit enumeration can require just a few minutes (or even seconds) on modern CPUs and GPUs. So, if you do store them this way, fluff them front and back with random data that you ignore when decoding. What would I do? Make sure the user has a password (Use HMAC/bcrypt to verify password; DO NOT STORE PASSWORD!); When the user logs in, derive key from password using a different HMAC with different salt, and store in memory/session vars only for as long as needed. Use that key to encrypt the credit card number with a symmetric cipher, e.g. AES; make sure to purge these keys from memory/session directory early and often. Advantage: You don't have access to the credit card on record even if you (or a rogue employee) wants to. Active participation from user _required_ to get access to data. If your server is hacked, only credit cards used while a hacker has complete view of traffic are compromised, and not all data stored. Even better: offload to payment processor and make it their problem. Really. No, I distrust everyone, but I distrust someone with an incentive to lie more. Phil Jones is famous and was reasonably comfortable tenured professor with a guaranteed steady income, and wielding power over most of the western world with prophecies of doom and gloom. It's unlikely he'll say "I've been wrong for the last 20 years" regardless of what science shows. There are numerous examples: Read Michael Pollen's NYTimes "Unhappy meals", "Is it all one big fat lie" or Gary Taubes "Good Calories, Bad Calories" on how nutrition science is perverted for profit. Read about the recent raw milk legislation about how medical science is perverted for profit. edit: Wanted to say I'm not stating anything about climate research, as I don't know enough about it; just that I don't share the "good science outnumbers bad science" view. I don't remember any time when Microsoft was "cool" or had "mojo", and I've been doing work since '88 at least. People who joined the scene in the mid '90s or later often think Microsoft is great -- because they don't know any better. Microsoft is the McDonalds of software. Does McDonalds have a mojo? Did they ever? Well then, the method I described earlier would work for you; Exposure is limited to clients actually giving their passwords and/or using the credit cards _while the system is compromised_ ; It mitigates the risk that you keep hearing about in breaches, of _all_ accounts being exposed. And just remember, that by storing those numbers locally, you're also taking potential liability for things that go wrong. To assess how much that is in cash, call a few insurance companies and ask them to give you a quote. Assume they have 25% markup on the real cost; That's how much you are "paying", although you are not doing it out-of-pocket (Though, in a catastrophic event, you _will_ be paying a lot) If it's monthly billing, why not keep that computer off (plugged out if you're worried about wake-on-LAN attacks), and manually turn it on once a week/month for 10 minutes to process everything? Do not ever cut and paste while writing code; type it again. When I learned programming in the ZX Spectrum / C64 era, magazines and books were also used as a software distribution media - and you'd have to type in the program to get the latest and greatest. I typed my share of programs (a few tens or hundreds of pages, I would guess), and doing that helped me figure out stuff like - which constructs are easier to memorise when you move your eyes back and forth from page to screen; - that shorter code is usually better - to keep only comments that would help me understand the code, NOT retype all the idiotic/historical comments originally in the program - you actually get intimately familiar with lots of code styles, good and bad Google "from nand to tetris", there are many versions around, text video etc. It starts with a "nand" gate - an electrical device that for all practical purposes has two binary inputs x,y and one output z with this mapping: x=0,y=0 => z=1 x=1,y=0 => z=1 x=0,y=1 => z=1 x=1,y=1 => z=0 where usually "0" is represented by zero volts and "1" is represented by e.g. 5 volts. (As for how a nand gate is actually built -- well, how much electronics/physics do you know? if not much, just assume it magically does. A lego version that works with levers instead of voltages can be found here http://goldfish.ikaruga.co.uk/ornand.html ) (edit: formatting) From this post, it sounds like they're dropping their on JIT for LLVM -- but I couldn't find any mention of this anywhere else. Does anyone around here know what the Mono JIT / LLVM situation is? It's relatively easy to find Python guys; It's harder, but still possible to find someone with Erlang or Lisp experience. It will be a couple more years since I would consider Clojure and friends. I would say that though it's easier to find a Java programmer than a Python programmer, it's easier to find a _competent_ Python programmer than a competent Java programmer. Java is NOT the only option. You'll love K / Q (unfortunately, not open source -- but you can download a copy from the kx developer site). You have to know 20 orthogonal functions/concepts, and everything else combines from there; There's no standard library to speak off, because there is hardly a need for one; Most "library functions" in other language are idiomatic expressions in K which are shorter than the name of the function they describe: +/ is "sum" (left fold +), (+/x)%#x is average (sum of x divided by length of x). maximum running sum is |/0(0|+)\ No magic; All semantics derived from very basic blocks. (not affiliated with Kx in any way -- just like the idea) (sorry for taking so long to reply) Yes, I'm familiar with J, and it is indeed closely related to K -- J was inspired, and in many ways evolved from A - an APL interpreter written by Arthur Whitney in one afternoon (see http://www.nsl.com/papers/origins.htm for more details). J tries to be complete and nice in the mathematical sense, e.g. having forks and trains, and functional inverses, as part of the language. K tries to be the simple practical language, rather than the philosophically consistent one: e.g. like APL and J, it is left-of-right long-right-scope, meaning 1+2+3+4+5 parses 1+(2+(3+(4+5))). However, the fold/over operator associates left - thus, +/ 1 2 3 4 5 actually computes (((1+2)+3)+4)+5 which seems inconsistent but is much more useful in practice. K (conceptually) has 3 data classes: atom (int, float, char, symbol), list (data indexed by sequential integers) and dict (data indexed by data -- an associative array); Everything else is an implementation detail (and these matter -- they make K blindingly fast -- but you can ignore them when trying to grok k). Multidimensional arrays are implemented as "list-of-lists" or "list-of-lists-of-lists ...." etc. (thus no "boxing" is needed). All list/dict access is done by indexing. Compress/expand are replaced by the "where" function which converts a list of booleans to their indices -- e.g. to zero all elements less than 3 you can do: x[where x K has a much simpler base (which is surprisingly sufficient in practice), and the symbols make more sense to me. YMMV > C has even had fast interpreters for a while - see tinycc as an example. It doesn't use a tracing compiler, but a very straight forward direct translation compiler which happens to be faster than many interpreters. How is tinycc an interpreter? It's a full-blown compiler, alas a very simple one with very little optimization. If it weren't faster than an interpreter, I'd be shocked. For well written code, it reaches 50%-70% of modern gcc speed from tests I did a couple of years ago. I think that's on par, or even slightly better, than gcc 1.x > The incremental-JIT approach (LuaJIT) has less information to work with, and it's not aware which parts of the program are bottlenecks, so it can't intelligently decide which parts parts need optimization most. You are probably thinking of LuaJIT 1.x; The recent LuaJIT 2 is tracing JIT, and it beats to hell out of every other dynamic language compiler, bar none. Mike Pall for president! No no no! For the love of $(DIETY), don't call them openstache and closestache, but rather leftstache and rightstache. While there isn't a difference in left-to-right language, those of us unfortunate enough to have to support right-to-left languages need a nontrivial algorithm to decide whether openstache is actually a leftstache or a rightstache (because the grpahic form of the character is that of a leftstache, independent of directionality, rather than openstache, which mirrors based on directionality) Actually, they don't. They just have cache-friendly primitives, and a compact interpreter that mostly sits within the i-cache of modern processors. It makes a world of a difference -- staying in the i-cache and doing mostly sequential access is easily 10 times faster than random, non-i-cache-friendly access. There is (AFAIK) one programming language that is RTL -- a variation on Basic which has been dead for about 15 years now. The open-paren / left-paren problem is there even in e.g. Word, explictly _because_ it's considered open-paren rather than left-paren; When you type 'alif' (arabic 'a' equiv) 'ba' (arabic 'b' equiv) shift-9 (left paren), you get ')' 'ba' 'alif' . but if you type 'a' 'b' shift-9, you get 'ab('. if you insert a different directionality character immediately in fromt of the open-paren, the paren will be flip. The rules for flipping parens are specified in the Unicode standard, and are extremely nontrivial and nonintuitive (both for implementing and for using -- it's often hard to get the kind of character you want!). And it all exists because some idiot thinking "abstraction! It is an open-or-close that the person means, not the left-or-right!" was sitting in the committees making the decisions; There _was_ dissenting opinion, giving exactly the example I gave above, but abstraction was deemed way more important than usability. But 99.9% of JS code doesn't do that, so it should be optimized for that case. LuaJIT keeps enough info around to go back to the interpreter at the moment anything goes different than previously traced -- I see no reason JS couldn't do the same.