Has anyone been able to get this to work? The deploy keeps failing for me. no Didn't seem to work for me in Chrome. I got a face outline, but it never drew the overlay. I'm proud to call myself a nogrammer. I'd much rather use/modify existing code than write from scratch. Are there any adblocker-like/privacy-proxy tools to neuter extensions like this? You can also see the bubble level result card if you switch Chrome dev tools to mobile emulation mode. Like many, I'm supremely confused about this history and current state of Google's various chat systems. Does anyone know of a comprehensive timeline of all the various permutations? I would read it just to boggle at how many poor decisions could be made by a single company in a single category. I wish Google would offer VPN service again (waaaay back they had some Windows utilities that would proxy your web connection). After watching Google closely for years, I'm pretty sure this was not intentional or malicious. Isn't this almost identical to what Apple was doing in 2011: https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2011/04/how-apple-tracks-you... With behavior like this (and previous acts) I view Mozilla as less trustworthy than Google. Wouldn't Chromium be a better option for those who still don't like Google? I'm still glad that Firefox mobile is available since Chrome mobile doesn't support extensions (e.g. for ad blocking). I always assumed this was why the Pixelbook was so gratuitously over-spec'ed. Agree. It's a fun game to think up edge cases that would challenge a self-driving car. On average these cars will far outperform human drivers. I see human drivers blow through stop signs every day completely unaware that they did so. Also trains Obviously it looks like a notch, but I don't know why it's not viewed as 2 extra tabs of screen that would otherwise be bezel. I prefer better water and dust resistance over having a headphone jack. I complain about Google having too many competing/overlapping products, so I can't really complain when they close/merge them. The best time to shutdown Allo was before it launched, the second best time is now. Can god make a stone so heavy that he can not lift it? Great suggestion. For those comparing Everything and Wizfile (which I just installed), it looks like Wizfile doesn't support regex whereas Everything does. Lake effect? If you're worried about plants, you shouldn't eat animals, because they eat a lot more plants than you would. "Potaterade" Chrome too: https://blog.chromium.org/2020/01/introducing-quieter-permis... Agreed. An insult to real engineers. As misleading as calling programmers Software Doctors. I think this is what you're looking for (though you'll need to find some discontinued hardware to run it I think): https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.vr.... Dollar cost averaging seems to be more of a psychological strategy than a financial one: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dollar_cost_averaging#Criticis...