"Advertising" includes training doctors, not just "ask your doctor about erectinol" commercials. Hiring doctors to travel the country, give lectures explaining how it works, renting conference centers, providing lunch, etc adds up. Learning how to use a new drug is not easy like learning software; trial and error doesn't work. A drug is worthless if your doctor doesn't know what it does. If the original poster is a computer person, I'd recommend some changes to this list. This is "Math for physics" but "Math for Computer Science" is rather different, and might be more interesting. I'd recomment calculus up to integration. Don't worry about integration tricks, except for integration by parts (the most important formula in mathematics) and u-substitution. All the other integration tricks are pointless crap used to fill up time in calc classes. Vector math is useful if you like either computer graphics or physics, but is not crucial. On the other hand, everyone should know probability, even the purest mathematicians. Just don't try to learn it out of an "Introduction to Probability and Statistics for Engineers" book, all such books should be burned. Real/functional analysis would also be useful to better understand probability. I'd also suggest combinatorics/graph theory, and perhaps the theory of automata. That's edging towards computer science, but it is a fundamentally mathematical topic. Also, it will be very slow going. It's not like picking up another computer language/framework; it's even harder than Haskell. I've have a Ph.D. in mathphys/num analysis, but it still takes me a long time to push through an introductory textbook in a field too far removed from my own. For instance, I sat through 4 semesters of abstract algebra (3 at the grad level), and I still don't understand it. Don't get discouraged. It's already been built ( http://laptop.org/ ), except for cell network access. They also have minimal color and a small amount of graphics. You can even power it with a hand crank. As soon as they build one with a bigger keyboard, that's my new machine. At my university, we use blackboard. But if we want to submit grades, we can't use blackboard. We have to fill in bubbles on paper by hand. Sounds great, in principle. Here is what would happen if it actually occurred: Various big projects of dubious value (particle accelerators, LIGO) will go begging for money. Any candidate who doesn't want to support them will be portrayed as anti-science. The majority of the effort will be placed here (scientists care more about grants than politics). Standard science issues where the science doesn't fit the party line will be highlighted: evolution, climate change and sex ed. For the most part, science will be used as a club to beat republicans with. They certainly deserve it (1), but not only them. Non-standard science issues that cut against democrats will be mostly ignored (race/sex differences in intelligence, lawyers suing doctors without scientific evidence, the possible link between abortion/miscarriage and breast cancer) . No one will ask the candidates what they think about Larry Summers or James Watson. It sounds like a great idea. But I know my colleagues well enough to know that if it happens, it will simply turn into a "give us money, we hate republicans" event. (1) At various points, I noticed birth control (non-condom) includes the warning "Does not prevent aids or other STDs." Until I heard McCain speak on the topic, I didn't think anyone was actually dumb enough to think it did. If you are a hacker (you are posting to hacker news), I suggest you avoid it. I don't know anything about Teach For America specifically, but several people in my graduate program did work for a variant of it (local and math focused). None of them were happy with the program, though several stuck with it for financial reasons. One of them was put in charge of statistical analysis, since he was the only person in the room who knew what a standard deviation was (I'm not exaggerating). His conclusions: 1. Except for the grossly incompetent, teacher quality doesn't matter. He could not reject the null hypothesis (teacher quality doesn't affect student outcome). 2. Students do not benefit from being in the program, unless it removes them from a dangerous school. He couldn't reject the null hypothesis here either (accepted students perform the same as rejected ones). (This fact is usually well hidden: students accepted by special teaching programs as well as students who apply but are rejected usually perform better than students who do not apply.) According to him, other programs usually get similar results (well hidden in the appendix of a report), at least when the results are reported. Overall, he said it is a waste for a talented individual to go into teaching. You won't make a difference. As a software person, you will. Leave teaching to people who can't do anything else. They have a comparative advantage (even if they lack an absolute advantage). This election is fundamentally different from others. Clinton, by virtue of having breasts, makes women feel good about themselves. That's an X-factor which was not present in any past election. And she plays this up, by crying and planting fake sexists at her campaign events ( http://michellemalkin.com/2008/01/07/bs-alert-hillarys-iron-... ). As for Obama, you are right. His supporters are projecting. But they project onto him (rather than Hillary) because he is incredibly charismatic. People want charismatic leaders, but I don't think we need them. In fact, I think they are extremely dangerous. Think for a moment about JFK's catch phrase: "Ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country." Compare it to catch phrases of other charismatic leaders: "All within the State, Nothing outside the State, Nothing against the State" "The common good comes before the private good." (Sorry for invoking Godwin, but it's important to point out how his charisma obscured what JFK actually said.) I think it's far better to have a leader that everyone hates. Just think of the outcry if Bush suggested the people should serve the state. A charismatic leader can give the uninformed a reason to hate him, but it won't change their feelings. An example: a gay friend of mine dislikes Bush because he proposed a law against gay marriage (at least that is his stated reason). He has very strong positive feelings for (Bill) Clinton, in spite of the fact that Clinton actually passed a law against gay marriage (Defense of Marriage Act). His feelings persisted even after I pointed this out to him. Maybe I just have stupid friends (I don't think this is the case), but my general impression is that most people don't base their opinion of a politician on policy. Rather, they take their opinion on the policy from the party or politician they like. I thought T-rex invented generative catch phrases/advice. http://www.qwantz.com/archive/001159.html Well, keep in mind what I'm describing is one special program in math. Also, everything I know I heard over beers, while complaining about our advisors. Regarding teacher quality, he found the best fit was a failure model. Most teachers perform adequately, and these teachers are statistically indistinguishable. Some teachers fail, with varying degrees of failure. Basically, think hard drives. Most work, and these are all the same. Some fail, with varying degrees of data loss. If the sample in the study you mention comes from the partially failing region, they could easily find an increasing relation. Or possibly this program was special, that I don't know. However, I do stand by my statement to leave teaching to those who aren't great at other things. That's just basic comparative advantage. You are comparing your students with you as a teacher to your students with no teacher. The proper comparison is "you program, joe blub teaches" vs "you teach, joe blub programs." If joe blub teaches almost as well as you, but you program much better than him, then it's far better if you leave the teaching to him. Of course, if you enjoy teaching, you certainly are not obligated to do the most economically efficient job. I'm certainly not (postdoc in math here). >I learnt some really important life lessons in college, most of them outside of class. What makes you think you would not have learned the same things (or equally valuable things) if you did not go to college, but did stop living with your parents? That may be a "silly name" effect, not a racial effect. I read a while back a similar study done (sorry, can't find a link), but comparing different white names. Jennifer and Meghan got far more callbacks than Rainbow, Peace and other hippy names. More anecdotally, my friend Dikshit Gupta got far fewer callbacks than Dave Gupta, even with identical resumes (both are obviously Indian). I'd be curious to see a similar study done comparing generic names to generic "dead president" names (George Smith vs George Washington Smith), rather than made-up african sounding names. If they are equal in all other ways (i.e., equally skilled, equally likeable), I'll choose the one without college. My competitors are less likely to try and poach him, but he is just as valuable. One can use it to solve homework problems. A problem I gave my class last week: you are holding 4 cards, 9, 10,k,Q. You draw the 5'th card from the deck, and if you don't like it, you can discard it and draw another. Obviously, you want a Jack, to get an inside straight. The probability monad lets you describe your choices "imperatively" using monads and do notation. I.e., if I draw a Jack, keep it (I have a straight), otherwise draw again. Note: I'm assuming below that cards with index 1,2,3,4 are jacks, import Probability import Collection import Prelude import Monad insideStraight deck tries= do (card, rem) The notation x Naively, you can think of x (card, rem) is simply unpacking a 2-tuple, containing the card and the remaining deck (after picking 1 element). The "let straight = ... in \newline (some statement)" means exactly what it sounds like. "let x = 3 in x x" means "take the statement x x, replace x by 3, you get 3*3=9". Most people form their political opinions based on their self image, not on rational thought. I.e. "I'm an artistic creative person" -> "I'm a Democrat" -> "I support abortion." Or "I'm a good Christian" -> "I'm a Republican" -> "I support lower taxes." How does this relate to vouchers? 1. The beneficiaries of the current monopoly oppose vouchers due to simple greed. 2. Their political allies try to protect them, to keep votes/campaign contributions coming. 3. "People like me (e.g. political allies of the teachers union) oppose vouchers. Therefore, I oppose vouchers. Only bad people on the other side of the fence support them." I just thought of a way to make sure the kids never get stumped. The kid in the article was stuck breaking up 674 into easier numbers. Perhaps there is a method of "breaking the problem into easier-to-digest numbers" that always works . Hmm, we could break up 674 as 600+70+4, and 249 as 200+40+9. I think this method just might work for all numbers ! Now I just need a catchy name to market this. How about "Child-friendly Mathematics: a -4'th century approach"? It's even diversity friendly (crucial in the education market), since it was invented by a non-western culture. Sorry about that. Didn't notice the pic when I posted. Glad you pointed it out though, it's a beautiful picture. Well, I'm not 100% sure you are asking for my experience, but here goes anyway (I'm a mathematician/physicist, by training and profession, and I don't write web GUI's except for fun). However, I'd say that I regularly use stuff from about 4-5 of my college/grad school classes. Virtually everything else I learned "on the job" (i.e., in grad school, doing research). Oddly enough, I recently found myself using some tricks I picked up from a machine learning class for something completely different (the philosophical kind of quantum mechanics). Happiness research is nonsense when used in this way. People from different cultures often have different conceptions of happiness. There are also calibration effects: show person X someone else better off than him, and tell him that guy reported 8/10 (happiness units). Then he will never report higher than 7/10. This isn't jealosy, it's just not knowing what the units mean. Another reason to see why there is something off: compare Bhutan on your first link (#133) and on your second (#8, higher than Canada). Actually, the teaching is depressing even at stellar universities. I'm a postdoc at such a place. Last semester, I taught "Calculus for kids who don't care." This semester, I'm teaching "Poker and craps for kids who don't care." I suspect the only way to avoid this is to work at an engineering school (not necessarily a top one). Yes. In my year, we had 12 people entering at Rutgers. 2 graduated in 5 years, and got good postdocs after 1 year (one went to UIUC, I'm at Courant). We are the only ones who have a real shot at research oriented tenure track. 1 dropped out in the first year, 2 more have or are dropping out with a masters (1 after 4.5 years, 1 after 6). 3 more will graduate after 6 years, IF they can find a job (50% odds). One guy has a wife, and hopes he can find a job in the NYC area (he's looking at a 4+4 teaching load). I know other people who have such jobs: none like them. 1 more is potentially a long termer (he hopes to graduate in 7 years). The only major difference is that you will probably not be a technician (as described by this guy), you will do your own research from the beginning. You can also survive without grants, though it will hurt your career. It certainly does not challenge the "efficient markets" hypothesis. The hypothesis of EMH is that investors are attempting to maximize their profits, and all have the same information. The housing bubble was driven by various players with incomplete information and irrational behavior: 1. Idiot homeowners: "Buying a home is the American Dream and house prices will never go down because everyone needs to live somewhere." These people are making an emotional purchase, not an investment. A conversation I had with such a person: Me: You just left your wife. You plan to leave your job. In the next 3 years, you will probably leave the state, possibly the country. And the housing bubble just burst. WTF? Him: Without owning a home, I feel rootless. I need to buy a 3 bedroom house in suburbia. It's a good investment! 2. Investment banks were mislead by mortgage issuers. If an investment bank is buying the loan, the mortgage issuer had less incentive to make sure it would be repaid. So the issuers slacked off. This means that there was a major asymmetry of information, violating the premises of EMH. Another thing to consider: in the US (assuming you plan to market in the US), 2/3 presidential candidates have proposed variants of socialized health care. The "conservative" candidate is a "maverick", who is not averse to doing similar things. This doesn't bode well for long term planning. In 4-5 years time, who will the buyers be? Doctors, hospitals, or some American version of NHS? What regulations will you need to satisfy? If the healthcare system is taken over (in any sense) by the government, expect major rent seeking from various special interest groups. M$ may purchase a "M$ software only" law, or hospital administrators may purchase a "don't let software steal our jobs" law. (Such laws will, of course, go by such names as "Helping Children not Die of Cancer Act"). In short, I'm saying that unless you are a lobbyist, stay away from this market for a few years. Do your real estate thing, come back to healthcare once the market settles down.