Learn whichever language is closest to your application. If you want to make a blog, go take a look at some blogging software already out there and learn the language it's written in. (Wordpress -> PHP w/ HTML & CSS just because they're always helpful) Then, once you've got your feet wet, learn another one. I feel like I never understood one language until I could compare it to another. Python and Ruby are great for hammering out functionality and learning. Common Lisp/Scheme are great for widening your perception of how problems can be solved. I don't want to say much about C because I'm not proficient with it, but it definitely gives you a closer feeling to how your computer runs your code even if it obfuscates the problem a little. Learn Haskell/OCaml when you're feeling lucky. They will break your brain and then rebuild it in crazy, inventive new ways. I'm glad to see things like this on Hacker News. Sure it has relatively little to do with the regular topics, but it's the kind of interesting thing that I'd like to find from people who populate here. Digital Signal Processing/Intro to Signal Processing has been one of the most interesting classes I've taken so far. Haskell is fun in that you get to write things using combinators, through abusing laziness, and in a style that feels very mathematical. It makes me program utility function combinators in other languages, which is excellent. It's not so fun the moment you want to use more than one Monad at once, though. This is interesting because it's a good way to look at the domain of language not in its power or application but its audience. Haskell: Because programming isn't enough like math Mozart: Because Prolog is pretty foreign Lisp: Because parens are really underappreciated ; ) I'm no expert, but I'd suggest two things. First, while learning recognize the tricky learning curve and keep poking at complex material as you learn. Macros especially feel dense and frivolous before you see them in action. I'd suggest On Lisp both for being full of excellent examples and free. If you're looking at Scheme, then keep SICP by you at all times. Secondly, more so than in other languages, code to learn. Lisp's parentheses are a turn off to everyone until they reach some critical mass of application and understanding. Learning Lisp reminds me of learning Chinese: the very medium you write with is vastly different from the norm and rather complex, but as you get into it you learn that there is a whole lot of sense to it. Not to snipe at anyone, but skills like this seem pretty essential in solving problems in general. Little tricks from linear algebra like magnitude (what this post concerns) and projections show up in interesting and useful places. Additionally, while they /are/ harder to access, reading and understanding various proofs in Math can be an even more beautiful and enlightening experience than just seeing the practical result. Maybe it's the difference between realizing that setf can be using on all the generalized variables and actually reading the source and seeing why. Math is full of clever hacks. I cannot cite the article, because I read it a long time go, but the author made a point which immediately reflected my experiences with pure FP: FP is all about the glue. What I think will be interesting is using FP (or at least FP style) to glue together solutions to problem which are best expressed using non-pure methods. I think about that whenever I use Monads in Haskell, though they're still awkward. I think FP will teach programmers the potential advantages of making things pure, perhaps even at great effort. It's not always what we're after, but when you can manage that level of simplicity, FP is exploring what kinds of payoff you can make. It doesn't seem like they show evidence for anything more than significant correlation. Other theories (like birth trauma reduction) could explain it just as well. Tai Ji is incredible in my experience, but it does take a lot of initial investment. My classes are probably the least interesting part of college for me. Being in an environment full of various really interesting bleeding-edge developments kicks ass though. I work in neurobiology, code whatever projects are interesting to me, calculate methods for signaling between autonomous vehicles, and am 5 minutes away from talking to someone right in the middle of solving problems in quantum physics or international affairs. And then I go to class. Oh well. I suppose college isn't perfect. I think the book he wrote is even more interesting. My ex-girlfriend was exceedingly smart, but in her young life did poorly being judged as ADD and Dyslexic. I got the opposite treatment with gifted programs and expanded curricula. When we compared symptoms, though, we were generally the same. I wonder how many children in "special" education should actually be in gifted education... Norvig always has exceptional essays. This kind of understanding should be prerequisite to being allowed to read scientific papers. At the very least it's required to demonstrate personal credibility when talking about said papers. Aie! Attack of the floaty yinyang troupe! The presentation is incredible. Reminiscent of iminlikewithyou without the total Flex overhaul. I also like the little artist details that pop up while you listen. There's a styling "error" in Safari 3.0 Mac: the rounded corner sprite is PNG which displays at slightly different color temperatures on different browsers. It's causing all of your rounded boxes to get dark stripes where it doesn't match the CSS background. Just use GIF. I feel like more and more this dumbing down of college leads into making undergraduate degrees a second high school diploma. That begs the suggestion that grad school becomes the "new" college, but that kind of idea isn't too fun in the Startup Crowd. The idea of a reading protocol is a pretty essential concept. I appreciate the author carefully detailing such a protocol for Mathematics, and I imagine this exercise would be pretty simply done for code as well. I'd vie that Mathematics is much more subtle, in general, than code: average reading speed something like 0-15 "concepts" (because we all know how terrible LOC is) in 30 minutes, depending, of course, on how subtle the code is, how skillful the reader, and how elegant the coder. What worries me is how long it'll take to get the HTML5 Bandpass filter and how frustrating it'll be for the first 5 years after adoption writing the same site twice. V. by Thomas Pynchon The Life of Pi by Yann Martel the McSweeney's Quarterly Concern (Not a book per se, but very enjoyable) Shakespeare (Everything, I'm surprised he's only been mentioned once so far) The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald The Book of the New Sun by Gene Wolfe Shogun by James Clavell Then, of course, the regular hodgepodge of Card, Asimov, Adams, Gaiman, Pratchet, Stephenson, Feynman, and that LOTR guy, Tolkey or sommat. (In all seriousness, though, all of these authors are phenomenal, if well-known for being such) It's clearly a very forced analysis, and, like you said, just drips with cliched, volumeless argument. That being said, I'm pretty sure it was posted with some degree of self-referential humor. The idea of analyzing Valve games critically is pretty good, though. They're one of the few studios which makes games worth analyzing! I'd like to see articles like those. Social websites refute this a bit. If you want to connect with people then, generally, you need to have a similar package of web apps as they. Meditation can do wonders. Just sit somewhere comfortable, give yourself 30 minutes, and don't think about anything. It can take practice -- maybe a lot of practice -- but the mental and physical recharge it gives is very refreshing. I find that the trick is scheduling it. Even if you can't turn off, just try for all 30 minutes. Eventually you'll get somewhere. I liken it to getting into the Flow at doing nothing. The problem is arguably that the indirection is really, really costly. Just today I wrote a custom template tag I needed in order to factor out some functionality common to every view on my application. In RoR it would have been maybe 2 lines, but that custom tag was more like 15. I still adore Django for its efforts to remove all the "magic" code, though. Brand development is still deadly important. No one is going to use your site if they can't remember it. If your competitors are on par with you feature-wise, the one with the stronger brand is going to win. That being said, if your opponents aren't on par with you feature-wise, well... Learn many languages as soon as you feel interested. See programing from as many points of view as possible. Now lets hope that avoiding IE8 quirks mode will be intuitive enough to make this announcement pure godsend.