The interesting quote is that Baidu removes privacy violating documents. Yet, they have no problem with IP violations (mainly by linking to stolen ebook PDFs.) Not going to happen. A lack of IP and patent protections along with an educational culture that discourages innovation and "standing out" is a significant barrier to improvements. Plaigarism and outright theivery is commonplace among academics, students and researchers -- there's little incentive for scientific discovery. Also, the basic sciences are also lacking in many areas as well. Scientists know that basic science drives future innovation. Until China has a paradigm shift in IP attitudes, we'll continue to find that they will lag behind in innovation. I can't think of any significant Chinese scientific innovation in the recent past. (Despite patent filings to the contrary.) Much of their "research" is simply reverse engineering of others' work. I may be a little inflamatory with this comment, but I live in Shanghai and see the reality every day. For China to overtake the US in two years would be like suggesting that Google will declare bankruptcy next week. It's theoretically possible, but with a micro-probability. You're right. Completely insensitive. Way out of line. We must all strive to sterilize the discourse to a level that is sensitive to every possible iteration of sensitivity. Mustn't ever joke about anything so sensitive. Perhaps laws ought to be proposed. Al Gore is obviously an expert. His "science" has been correct so many times before. Location-based information is in the iPhone user agreement. If people are concerned about their locations being recorded onto their computers during sync-- that's a good reason to encrypt the backup. This story is more cool than frightening. Cell companies already have location logs for ALL cell users. Encrypt the backup through iTunes and there should not be any concern. Google already tracks every search query and IP matches -- search histories are far more intrusive than a cell tower triangulation with 100-300 meter accuracy. That appraisal tool is somewhat worthless. Apparently google.com is worth $4300. For some reason Google doesn't want to sell it though. That's just awesome. All we need now is some testing environments for Maxthon and we'll have a complete kit to ensure that websites are compatible with the crappiest browsers available. I'm still looking for a way to emulate Windows 3.1 on OS X. That, along with some 1.44 floppies and I'll be in dev hell. Good luck. You might as well try negotiating an unblock with China. It isn't about invasion its about the IP theft and industrial/scientific espionage. The China threat is extremely real, especially in high tech areas. The Chinese version of "collaboration" is "you innovate, we report to Beijing." The Chinese intelligence services are the most active in the world -- they make the KGB look like girl scouts. There's a reason for it. Spend some time doing business in China and you'll understand. It isn't that they aren't "smart" enough -- it's that there is no culture of innovation. The best and brightest are running tech startups -- they work for the military and police apparatus. Come to China, find some "innovations." The last Chinese invention of any significance was gunpowder. Have a look a Baidu, Maxthon and the warehouses full of copycat iPads. Look at their cars, military machinery -- most of their military equipment is Soviet retreads or reverse-engineered US stuff. The Chinese are dangerous because there is no end to their industrial and scientific aggression. When a US company wants to do business in China, they are forced to take Chinese "partners." The US side of the office does the work and the Chinese side simply copies and sends the information onward. There is no such thing as a trade secret for a foreign company in China. The culture is entrepreneurial, but it isn't one of invention, it's one of doing something someone else has done and doing it cheaper and at a lower quality. Come to China -- you'll see. There are some good things in China, but they are the exception that proves the rule. Israel doesn't have a habit of threatening US interests. Israel didn't attempt to shoot down our aircraft and hold our aircrews hostage. Israel isn't threatening Taiwan, propping up North Korean dictators or funneling weapons to Darfur. Israel is actually a partner in security as opposed to an opponent. Israel isn't manipulating currency or holding world financial markets hostage. I guess Israel bashing is fashionable. By the way, you have no evidence that Israel has stolen more IP than China -- that's just a nonsensical claim. Completely correct. The Chinese are fiercely protective. Just try to buy a Harley Davidson in Shanghai. Chinese are the most protectionist country in the G20 without a doubt. Their economy is headed for a significant crisis in the next 5 years. They put on a pretty facade, but it's smoke and mirrors once you get past the empty concrete shells. I don't know if it's possible, but perhaps you could do an IP switch.. maybe you can trick FB into allowing your site. Only problem is Sococo is designed for closed groups, and it has no video -- it's hardly a Skype competitor in functionality. Besides for group chat and conference calls and Campfire does it better for less money and without having to download anything -- it's elegantly Rails and works from anywhere on any device. I'm sure Microsoft will find a way to break Skype like it breaks everything else! Let's hope he does something amazing with his new gear. I don't think it would make up for the kidney, but maybe he can be the next whoever and make this merely a footnote in his personal success story. Hopefully. Otherwise it would just be a tragic waste. Thanks.. we're going to check that out. As someone who is prepping for a potential DEMO launch, these tips are extremely helpful. While not all are applicable to DEMO, all of the tips are fantastically useful. Thanks! Very relevant to what? Sarah Palin is not a public official. It would have been great to have such journalistic ambition when it came to vetting the presidential candidates of 2008 IN 2008. I didn't see any similar attempts to comb through the Climategate emails or analyze Al Gore's pseudoscience propaganda. Palin is a non-entity. We should be spending our time combing through the current administration as opposed to wasting time on a private citizen. It's a bunch of nonsense -- this Palin obsession. I'm Republican, I vote, but I'd never vote for Palin, but I also don't think it's useful to sift through 24000 emails with the hope of finding something "useful." It isn't a former governor and failed candidate that has any power over taxes, budgets or defense -- it's the current administration. Wrong or right, the Obama (and all administrations) should be fully investigated by journalism organizations -- it's their job and they seem to be asleep, dreaming of Palin. Yeah, because it smacks of political nonsense. HN shouldn't (in my view) be used as a political campaign machine. Politics shouldn't be on HN unless it directly relevant to tech or startups, etc. Yet another Bitcoin story. How nice. Hashrocket.com -- the best guys around and they can work via video conference. They're in Jacksonville not San Fran, but it's worth the logistical accommodation. I wonder if the global cooling predictions of the 1960s and 1970s should be mentioned. So build something better and let the market decide. I can teach my mother in law to use an iPhone in five minutes. Giving her all of this "freedom" would make the devices much harder to use and maintain, not to mention far more insecure. Not much of a malware danger on ios either. There are very few apps that need a jail broken device; the few that are unique are generally dealing with features the average user wouldn't want or need. For those Ivory Tower types, there's no law against jailbreaking.. One more thing-- no one forces anyone to use a particular technology (unless it's being forced to use Windows at work.) The tin foil hat crowd might have some grand fears, but it's groundless -- you only give up the privacy you choose to give up. Google has never knocked on my door forcing me to give up private information, although the US government does! I would be more worried about intrusive and over regulatory whims of the government-- they can enforce their schemes at the point of a gun. Worry about the government and let the market take care of everything else.