I'd love a feature like this that I could use with pypy. I don't need 100ms billing resolution, but 1s or 1m would be nice. Does "unified virtual memory and pointer-passing for dedicated GPU" suggest some kind of cooperative paging between the CPU and GPU? But it's not as if the GPU could just fault in pages that it needs on demand, right? It would be really nice if curl took the content-type and results from isatty(STDOUT_FILENO) into consideration when deciding whether to spew to stdout. Well, the messaging is discrete too. Is there any way to measure empirically the safety of a hashing algorithm? This might sound silly, but I wonder what is the environmental impact of absorbing this energy with PV instead of having it be absorbed/reflected by rooftops, grass, etc? Presumably its a net benefit over combustion of fossil fuels. If solar power continues its efficiency pace, should we be concerned with its deployment? The triumphant return of clearcase‽ > You have a fortune-5 company here. Translation for you: They are a very large target for lawsuits. The open source software provides no indemnification. I work for another fortune-5 company who uses linux in many products that we sell. Another well-regulated industry, too. I will concede that the hazards for operating automobiles are well-beyond many other industries' products. I own a 2010 Ford Fusion with SYNC and I really enjoy the features. I suppose it could've been done better, but the speaker-independent voice recognition is stellar. I'm confused: $1000-2000 days? Are you suggesting that there are "many of you" who pulled down ~250-500k USD per year back in the 80s/90s/00s? Which industry(ies)/career(s) are you referring to? Correct me if I'm wrong here, but isn't that only helpful if you have multithreaded python programs? I have found that if my process is too slow, I can consider porting it to numpy/numba, cython, using pypy or dividing up the work using multiprocessing. multiprocessing is barely more work than using the threading module, and completely avoids the GIL AFAIK. It would be super-useful if this enabled something like beignet [1] to be ported to the vc4. 1: https://01.org/beignet > I have found some strong criticism of his basic understanding of economics. Does anyone know what proponents of stock buybacks would say in response to his arguments? Given the downsides, why is it appropriate/fair/legitimate? Hey, that's really useful/helpful info! I'll endorse TestDisk/PhotoRec as a mechanism for recovering deleted files, should be appropriate for most (though you might want a trusted tech savvy person to execute this recovery). The System Rescue CD includes these packages. http://www.cgsecurity.org/wiki/PhotoRec http://www.sysresccd.org/SystemRescueCd_Homepage > You just can't have a place where anyone with enough money (a few k EUR/USD) can perform murders without any reasonable risk of being exposed. I strongly suspect that we will see a whitelist-endorsed-by-some-reputation-broker approach sometime in the future. The suggestion of this kind of thing usually creates a big backlash among many Bitcoin supporters (for good reasons IMO). But eventually there will be many folks using Bitcoin without any ideological attachment to it, and they'll be lured by the appeal of interacting with agents endorsed by some other party. AFAIK Chromecast uses DLNA underneath (which is mostly RTSP + mDNS discovery?). Don't leave me hangin'! I got to "How do you build a VMM? (part 3)" and ... that's it? I feel like I need some kind of epilogue. You are absolutely correct. Revolution is strictly a brand name. 160mm and 0.28s is an incremental improvement over GE's CT750HD, albeit in two dimensions. I'm on the design team for this product. In the CT "super premium" market, the major players focused on different specs and tried to convince hospitals that the future of CT was in this direction (volume/slices/coverage, temporal resolution/cardiac, dose, new imaging/spectral, spatial resolution). Revolution CT is GE's attempt to deliver something that unifies on these goals and they hope to sweep this high end market. Interestingly enough with modern CTs you can get more than strictly density/attenuation. Though you're right that indeed these images are using some transform between what they think bone and vascular densities and their colors. Revolution indeed provides superior temporal resolution over its predecessor. Though arguably Siemens dual-tube, dual-detector design provides yet better still temporal resolution. Hour-long reconstruction times are very abnormal. GE sells a low-dose feature branded "Veo" that has ~30-minute reconstruction times. CT750HD spectral imaging (branded GSI) takes as long as 20-minutes. Revolution imaging takes on the order of minutes (2-3). Indeed the 3d post-processing takes time and probably includes many manual steps/tweaks. The dose is primarily a function of the power delivered to the X-Ray source, the size of the beam and the scan's duration. The big features of this device are coverage (160mm) and rotation speed ( mostly dose neutral). If you were imaging 160mm before you had to use multiple sequential scans, so the dose is not significantly different from that scenario. Revolution has similar or superior (meaning less) dose than GE's previous high end scanner. GE's high end scanners tend to offer better dose than the competition. Hmm, that's too bad. I could've sworn it had hit the 30-minute mark. There haven't been many refreshes so I don't know that it's been improved since the initial release. Well, IMO, after five or so minutes there's not a huge difference between 30 and 60. But it does depend a bit on how the imaging workflow goes (do you wait for those images before letting the patient leave?, e.g.). But you can get some pretty dramatic image quality or dose improvements from Veo, so maybe it's worth it. CTs are uncommon in family medicine offices. They'd need to forfeit square feet that could otherwise be used for several exam rooms. The offices that do have them probably opt for really low-end ones. So "never"? As an aside, I think GPs (General Practitioners) are probably phasing out a bit in favor of Physician Assistants and Nurse Practitioners. Though "Family Medicine" still employs lots of MDs. Great questions. I suspect many operational details were a factor in working with WKBH. Patient load, available space, willing to work with the GE team on issues. CCN [1] in Paris was another trial site. As of now, there's probably a couple dozen installed globally. Cardiac is one of the big growth areas for CT and Revolution is designed to get better temporal resolution. So absolutely angio imaging is a big part of the publicity. AFAIK there's no direct comparison with cath. But if the Revolution CT cardiac dose was better than the competition (I think it may be), chances are the team will update their dose comparisons between GEHC CT and cardiac cath. 1 - http://www.centre-imagerie-nord.com/