Hi Hates. TL;DR: I'm sorry for your situation. Offshoring will fail. Find another job. Here's my experience, some bullet points, followed by my advice: Our bean counters have tried to offload our work overseas. Maybe 5 or 6 times now. It never works. Here are my disjointed observations: #1 The motivation to offshore is to reduce costs. Company grows by cutting costs? Companies grow thru investment. My product is in an emerging market. What moron tries to cut costs during a turf war in a green field? #2 Most projects fail. Offshoring just reduces the cost of failure. #3 Most companies wouldn't send their work down the block (e.g. outsource to another company). Too many problems. Losing a core competency. Accountabilty, transparency, responsiveness, etc. Then how does sending it across an ocean make it all better? #4 Offshoring will roughly triple your work (as a dev). Teach your replacements, manage your replacements, QA/test the crap they create, give up when you've run out of time, and end up doing a last minute rewrite. #5 Want to know what working with offshore people is like? First, take your experiences herding project managers, business analysts, QA, testers, etc. All those "value add" corporate drones. Next, add language barriers, culture mismatch, timezone skew, complete lack of accountability and transparency, zero domain expertise, and very green developers. That's what working with offshore "teams" is like. #6 It's about the people. I'd outsource again if I was working with the best. I once sent a lot of our work to Europe (Belgium, Germany, Spain, France) because we found the best people to do some very specific work. The people we found were rockstars. Offloading specific tasks, plus all of the infrastructure and processes we had in place, was like a force multiplier for my team; it freed us up to work on other stuff. It was awesome. #7 Time to market is more important than cost. I simply cannot imagine a scenario where contracting / outsourcing / offshoring will shorten a project's schedule. (With the exception of #6.) #8 All the methodology stuff is mumbo jumbo. Agile, Scrum, SEI Level 5, ISO 9001, blah, blah, blah. Everyone we've worked with is well versed in all this crap. Doesn't count for squat. There's a difference between saying and doing. I'm sure you've interviewed lots of people. The candidates with resumes sporting all the vogue certifications are always a disappointment. They allegedly passed a test. But we give programming tests and they usually chowder. Tell me what you've done. Not what you know. Methodology is moot if you don't ship a useful, usable product. #9 During the last 5 years, our bean counters have tried to use Indians and Vietnamese. No expense was spared on training, sending people back and forth, etc. The people we got to meet were absolutely wonderful. I can't say enough how proud I am that our overseas peers are working in the field and trying to get ahead in life. Okay, done with the accolades. Pretend for a moment that offshoring to India is workable. In our experience, the turnover is incredible. At one time, the programmers we trained would last maybe 9 months, and then zing, they'd be off to higher paid job. So then you start over again with fresh meat, which is a reset (e.g. the forming, storming, norming, performing cycle). The Vietnamese people were super duper nice, and tried really really hard. But the language barrier proved insurmountable. I think there's probably some cultural stuff at play too, but we never really got past the most basic programming tasks, so I honestly couldn't say. #10 Our product (was once) in a new market. Emerging. And still changing rapidly. All these offshore "bodyshops" want requirements and specifications. Um, yea. Not possible. We're making it up as we go along. The customer doesn't know what they want until they see something. (Typical of an emerging market.) If you've ever written documentation (reqs, use cases, UML, specs, test plans, etc.) you know that it's just as hard and takes just as long as programming. In fact, it harder. Because you're explaining stuff to a green programmer who has no domain expertise. Frankly, at that level of details, it's just quicker and easier to write the code. #11 When (not if) the offshoring fails, you'll be blamed. You didn't try hard enough. Or you sabotaged the project. As though Tinkerbell really will fly, if you'd all just clap loud enough. ### Okay, I think that's my list. Like I said at the top, we've tried this offshoring thing multiple times. I'm absolutely certain it'll continue. Those of us actually doing the work have tried to argue, deflect, stop, etc. We always lose the debate. Now we're just numb and don't say anything. The bean counters are not like you and me. They go nuts when they see 1/5th the labor costs. That's the only number they care about. To them, we're all just interchangeable. They have exactly no idea what we do or how we work. Programming! Geesh! How hard could it be? And for these costs, I can get 5 times the number of programmers! We'll have 5 times more product! I've been around a lot of professions. Programming is a weird thing. We're dismissed and second guessed all the time. What other profession is this poorly regarded? People don't second guess their architects, plumber, doctor, contract manager, mechanic, geologist, etc. (Or maybe they do...) Okay. Rant over. Here's my advice. Find another job. Something that'll make you happy. I'm at a point in my life that I like having a steady job, health insurance, and accrued vacation time. And I'm not busting my ass working 80 hours a week making someone else rich again for a while. So I just smile, keep my head down, and quietly pick up the pieces after each failure. Such a life. If Thomas Friedman told me the sun rises in the East, I'd look to verify. If linking to a columnist, vs a news article, please include their name in the link. David Brooks enthusiastically supported Bush's Folly in Iraq. No mea culpa. For that alone, I won't support his efforts with my (reading) attention. I used to watch his tete a tete with Mark Shields on PBS. I can't imagine anyone being more consistently wrong (and wrong headed) about more things than David Brooks. And that's saying something. The list of always wrong about everything is pretty big: George Will, Charles Krauthammer, both Kristols, Thomas Friedman, Ted Nugent (haha), etc. Neocon concern trolls who aided and abetted the looting and destruction of our country deserve our mocking, not our links. Sorry, I don't read Andrew Sullivan. Supported invasion of Iraq, no mea culpa, wrong about pretty much everything else too. Nice. Support for unrepentant warmongers remains strong in geekdom. Losers. For what's its worth, I didn't read your criticism as a personal attack. More of an exhortation for bingo card guy to achieve his fullest potential. The mistake, as in navel gazing, is thinking that any one cares what you think of another person's life choices. Especially the object of your attention. Bingo card guy seems happy (enough) to me. Perhaps a better approach would have been to initiate a dialog, gently asking him for his input on some of your big sky ideas, subtly encouraging him to raise his aim. In the process, you'd maybe make a friend, and probably learn why he's made the choices he has. I know nothing about bingo card man, but imagine he's the primary care giver for a child or relative. Given a situation like that, I'd say he's a fucking genius for making some side money for comparatively little effort. In summation, chill dude. You spouted off. Wasn't personal. The haters will always be hating. So fuck 'em. How quaint. You're curiously naive, or willfully ignorant, of how the USA's system of political patronage works. Since when is right and wrong a factor in decision making? As for revolving door promotions (e.g. civil server to lobbying and back again), you seem blissfully unaware, or myopic, of the notion "conflict of interest". Before I let you go, tell me: What flavor of candy covered unicorns inhabit your fantasy world? Please. Continue. Huh? I'm pretty sure ad hominem doesn't mean what you think it means. And I'm quite certain that his listing of funders could be easily verified. So unless you have information to the contrary, I'd characterize that list as "fact based" vs "misleading". > Sounds more like the Federalist Society to me... Bingo. You're kidding, right? You asked for feedback, so here it is. Have you worked on any political campaigns? Candidates, issues, activism, anything? I have. Your NationBuilder is not yet a full product. Pitch your product to local campaign managers. That's the fastest way for you to get your course correction. Campaigns do need better tools. So I encourage you to keep at it. (If you're wondering why I just don't tell you what you need, I'm working on a business plan for something very similar. Also, I'd rather you earned the domain knowledge firsthand.) > About the issue of a "true capitalist," yes I am a libertarian at heart. And I do believe that people respond to incentives. Libertarian, maximum personal liberty. If you were a libertarian, you wouldn't care about the cheating. Let the little bastards screw themselves. Libertarian doctrine (such as it is) says nothing about incentives. Getting worked up about the cheating, you assume society (or at least your class room) should be merit-based. Pretty much the opposite of libertarianism. A clever teacher would figure out a way for students to police each other. I've seen it work to great effect. No one grades harder than a peer. Edit: I was being a dick, comment about whining removed. I need to apologise. I just RTFA. I really like your "future" section, the public projects, the peer reviews, the competitions. Exactly right. You are several steps ahead of me. My work dev laptop is bitchin fast, but runs slower than my 3 yr old personal. Because of useless software (cya-ware) installed by corporate IT. Useless anti-virus crap (ever hear of sudo?), ridiculous hard drive encryption, remote monitoring/management stuff. Just working in Eclipse, I often wait every single keystroke. Yes, Eclipse is mostly a pig, and I've disabled/closed everything I could. But I have zero hassles working on my personal laptop, even when I have video (or audio) running too. I've seen Penn & Teller live. Fucking great. Really amazing. I was a huge fan. Even bought their first book. Then they came out as anthropocentric climate change deniers. Plus, their cable show "Bullshit" was little more than Leno's Jaywalking, only meaner. So I had to flip the bozo bit on them. Meaning I've lumped them in with the neocons, creationists, libertarians, homophobes, 9/11 truthers, and other antisocial fruitcakes. Aside: I saw a geek news bit about you withdrawing (removing) your post and the heat you're getting. Dude, I'm so sorry. For future, I have two bits of advice. #1 Don't bury the lead. Like myself, the geek news bit also didn't get the point of your post. #2 Focus on the positive. Meaning that all negatives can be stated as a positive. So, were I to have written your blog post, I would have lead with your "future" section (peer reviews, competitions, contemporary projects), enthused about all the positives, and underplayed (or flat out omitted) the back story, the bullshit plagiarism software, the complicity of the administration (shocker!), the cheating students, etc. I definitely would not have responded directly to any personal criticism, especially not in public. That's always a trap. In conclusion, I think you did the right thing, are on the right track, and got burned by being the internet's chew toy of the moment. Lesson learned, move on. The intent is to make sure you're reading, not to insult. Asking for a silly rider to be removed is probably sufficient proof too. Love it. Both the analysis and "get involved" concluding advice. When money is considered free speech, gross inequity is the same as disenfranchisement of all but the richest. Another word for gross inequity is plutocracy. Bioinformatic workloads, huh? Sounds important. I don't believe you. If it was major number crunching, you'd batch that crap on the fastest servers you could afford. If it's interactive, the computer is waiting on you more than doing work. Just admit it: you're a technophile that likes to fiddle with all the knobs. Fine. Whatever floats your boat. But don't play stupid about the OP's article. HP, Dell, Lenovo, etc. have TERRIBLE marketing communications supported by TERRIBLE product family line ups. The OP's point (hello!) is Apple's simplified product family allows them to achieve better economies of scale then their competitors. Very simple. > An advantage of electronic voting is that the machines can be designed for use by the blind. Could be, but aren't. If you'd ever tried the 'accessibility' features of a touchscreen voting machine, you'd see the UX fail firsthand. (I've worked as a poll inspector.) There were other truly accessible solutions. The VotePad for instance. Low-tech plastic wrapper for existing ballots. Preserving both the secret ballot and public vote count. Alas, the inexpensive VotePad couldn't complete with the well financed crony capitalism juggernaut which brought us HAVA. I like the "vapor" poster. I wish I had thought of "voter verified vapor audit trail" back when I was fighting against these touchscreens. The short answer is all the election administration gear is rushed to market. The HAVA boondoogle created a gold fever land grab mentality. The products are shit. Not just insecure, but just complete garbage. Not to downplay the security concerns, but the poor reliability is a bigger threat. Especially since these systems fail silently and "testing" was a puppet show. The longer answer is that all voting gear I've seen (in the USA) treat security as an afterthought. Gear in use typically get "tamper evident" seals. But they're really lame (e.g. fall off) or the gear can be backdoored. I'm just talking the hardware here. The software situation is totally, scales of magnitude, worse. > it's so obvious that most people want the exact opposite? Ah yes, the fabled "free market". Subsidize sprawl with money looted from urban areas. People move the burbs. Claim it's demand driven. What impresses me is that people increasingly choose urban despite the sprawl tax. > but folks living in suburbs don't stop folks who like density from having it. Yes. They do. That giant sucking sound you hear are the burbs bleeding the urban tax base dry. Further, in my area, the burb leaders cock block anything that smells like it might help the urbans. My city would be sparkling and new if we didn't have to subsidize the standard of living of all the deadbeats in the burbs.