That's a fair comment. I must admit that it's specifically Kevin Rose who uses that term a lot. John. 28. John. I agree with PG on this. I'm trying to fix this problem with Wildfire: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. I know of at least one company that uses this as a way to determine the growth of their competitors. They simple poll weekly and understand growth and the trend over time. John. An insight into how billionaires think in NYC comes from Mayor Bloomberg who takes the subway to work. That's way cheaper than parking in Manhattan. John. Interesting. Reminds me of something I set up a while ago: http://imlonely.org/ John. Perhaps someone is finally doing a POPFile ( http://getpopfile.org/ ) as an Outlook plug-in. John. The entire up vote/down vote thing needs to go away. Voting on a story should be related to an action that the user is taking which implies an up/down vote. For example, in my Facebook application Wildfire stories are up voted only if you pass then on to your friends. As you mentioned to me yesterday, delicious/popular is interesting because it's based on pages people bookmarked for themselves. John. It sure seems like it. Of course the right thing to do is actually implement Digg inside Facebook... like this: http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/wildfire-has-launched.html John. Is that you, Kevin Rose? John. 39 + BA Mathematics and Computation + DPhil in Computer Security Well I can add my little web site UseTheSource to the list of dead ideas. It's "Digg" but just for code. www.usethesource.com. John. I agree. I was amazed that she mentioned using version control. Anyone here not using version control? John. I do use email as my TODO list, but I publish the length of the queue for all to see. Makes me deal with stuff just knowing that anyone could be looking. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/06/measuring-my-inbox-depth.htm... John. cmdrtaco does have a point. These community news sites are great when the community reflects your views, but once the community grows they stake to not reflect your views. One way to correct this is to only get news from a group that is similar to you (for some definition of 'similar'). One attempt to do this is my Wildfire application for Facebook which shows you news from your friends. http://www.jgc.org/blog/2007/09/problems-with-social-news.ht... John. Thanks for the feedback. I'll look into implementing those changes. I'm not sure why I chose that particular checksum... it's been a while since I wrote this. John. Having worked for a top-line VC firm and sat through _a lot_ of presentations I agree with the article. Standing to present feels weird. The general atmosphere in a VC meeting is that everyone around the table is having a discussion, the slides are there to facilitate the discussion. John. I love Trac. I use it for a commercial project of mine ( http://www.extravalent.com/ ) and I use the Wiki to provide the documentation to my end users, I use the bug database and I use the SVN integration. John. I use Clickatell and like the service. At 250k messages you're getting a 23% discount. At today's prices 250k messages will cost $12,000. John. Care to share the pricing of mBlox (privately if necessary). I'm currently paying Clickatell about 0.06 per message. John. Back in the mists of time I wrote code in BASIC and assembly for the Research Machines 380Z/480Z computers. When they came out with their Z-NET network I reverse engineered (with a friend) the packet send/receive APIs and we built on top of it a reliable transport protocol that would enable us to guarantee delivery of about 128 bytes of data to a machine on the network. The entire code was stuffed into an unused block of data within the operating system and when a packet was received the receiving code would get an interrupt and would promptly CALL the code in the packet. We were able to reliably deliver 128 bytes of machine code and have it execute on any machine. This turned out to be very cool because it enabled us to build a complete package for network management and monitoring (we could do stuff like mirror the screen on any machine to another one). John. First computer I used was a Sharp MZ-80K. First computer I owned was a BBC Micro Model B. John. I often do work on an hourly basis. Suppose I charge $500/hour and write a function in one hour that a less skilled programmer charging half my rate does in four hours. Guess who gets paid the most. John. The iPhone comparisons make me laugh since the N810 is not a phone! John. SV is very expensive. I think London is a perfectly good place. John.