Unfortunately, this behavior is common across all major browsers. There is a Chromium bug for it ( http://crbug.com/315190 ), but no responses as of yet. Good find with the meteor.com link! It covers several memory leaks; the last example is the one that is relevant. Unfortunately, you are right. I am optimistic, however. IE used to not GC cyclical JS/DOM references. Google Chrome is doing a massive rework of DOM garbage collection with Oilpan. You are right that it is not a trivial change, but there is nothing technically infeasible about GC'ing per closure. I think it is worth it, just as it was worth it for IE to have smarter GC. Good quote. That is certainly a simple way to manage things. It isn't the only way (nor the best IMHO), but it is the simplest. Yes, evan_ is correct. Yes it is https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8379973 If by doomed, you mean relegated to only 79% market share (that being the cost conscious portion of the market), then yes it is doomed. "Of everyone, Google should know how hard it is to maintain large web apps" They do. Google doesn't use Angular for Gmail, Docs, Sheets, Calendar, Maps, or Google+. They use Closure Tools ( https://developers.google.com/closure/ ), which has a much longer history, and is geared towards truly large web apps. As far as I know, only DoubleClick uses Angular. Which ones? Having used Closure Tools for a couple years, I often wonder that. But it lacks a lot of magic. It's based around reusability, maintainability, and performance, and not just features. Like you said, features get blogged, maintainability gets (silently) used. It's true they are not mutually exclusive. Closure is several related tools that can be used independently: a JS compiler (minifier + type-checker), templates, and very large JS library. Some people use Angular in place of templates. http://www.mircozeiss.com/a-radical-new-approach-to-developi... http://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/angularjs-... It could be written in NodeJS, Haskell, or BF, but I doubt it would matter. I know a lot of JS developers that use Git, which is written in C. Closure and Clojure...unfortunate naming conflict :P There's no reason for an employer to offer special paid maternity leave for not working. It doesn't make sense, and it's not fair to others who do work during that time. On the other hand, not offering sick leave for recovery from childbirth is just plain stupid. Recovery from surgery, recovery from C-section, recovery from vaginal delivery...that sounds like sick leave to me. "Hypermedia means HTML, period." Um, no. XHTML and SVG are hypermedia. JSON isn't hypermedia, but you can define hypermedia formats that use JSON (just as SVG uses XML). "better step in the right direction than the types of tools MS and Google have been putting out" The Google Closure Compiler ( https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ ) has been around for years and years. It does everything you mentioned (100% optional type annotations, type inference), plus more (dead code removal, inlining, compiler-time constants). Similar to the Google Closure Compiler ( https://developers.google.com/closure/compiler/ ), which has been around for years, just with fewer features. It has static type checking with optional type annotations and type inference. It doesn't have compiler-time constants, dead code removal, inlining, or other optimizations. But....still really cool. Generally people that don't like explaining what they mean to a computer. I'm confused. Is there something else in another language with better solutions for IDE, dependency management, dependency injection, etc.? Honestly, you just listed some of the best reasons to use Java. Great suggestions. Do you have a web framework suggestion, e.g. something with templating? I like Play, but that's 'cause I use Scala. It has a Java version, but IDK how good it is. Yes, AAARGH indeed. It can, with macros. Though Scala's stri g interpolation will get you mostly there (correct number of arguments, local format specifiers that are harder to mess up). Though I'm not sure it needs to be completely automated. You don't see robots writing news articles, but a researcher and Google are more productive than several researchers. With a lot of (cool!) features like type inference, it's not hard to see why compiling swift is slow. To me, incremental compilation is a bare minimum for a "real" language; it's nice to know 1.2 will have that. That's tricky stuff. What was the intention behind not doing a water landing, like with the Space Shuttle boosters/tank?