I don't know about Russians, but Shift-JIS/cp932 is still popular in Japan as if Windows never supported UTF-8, so perhaps something similar is happening there. Not sure what the materialization of that suspicion might look like -- competitors trying to crush DO's business? mass account creation or mass fraudulent logins? "mining crypto"? What I could come up felt quote-unquote legit grounds for a timed suspension but only instinctively so. > why do they think people will buy this? Extra salt to wound: and what kind of profit/revenue/result is it going to generate other than the fact that it consumes power? The more I look back at the maker movement, the more it looks a structurally self extinguishing fire. You need gaze tracking when you've got more than 2 displays. When your consciousness thinks the pointer arrow is around the content you intend to interact and your eyesight can't pick it up because it is actually 1920px away to your side it starts to feel confusing than just frustrating. Can’t recall a CPU socket that isn’t lever locked ZIF since Coppermine... You get $9 for hypothetical blood splattered on your hand or you get worse than nothing for nothing That controversial new English subs seemed much more accurate to me than the old baseline, though I can’t speak for Italian dub . After all it’s about a language that up until the last century “being rather unhateful” meant a girl’s stuck to a guy like a magnet, so... I believe they don't? The most basic types of pagers are receive only device just like a FM radio is. The network is supposed to be sufficiently loud and clear and practical, and that's it. I wonder if we will be to trust Mitsubishi designed wing root components should they fly. "building software from scratch" as in `make clean && make` rather than F5 or Shift+F12, not as in "cat > a.out" "Does not have any known safety issues" sounds like bit of a stretch, every airplane models has few safety issues at least. Issues range from faulty windshield wiper motors(I just checked and there is such one for 738), to "may spontaneously explode and kill everyone in and out". The problem is whether the prevalence and/or severity of issues are under control or not. Thanks to NHTSA being mean Comma is more or less or fore-er running(than Tesla they say...yeah okay?) so There’s the self driving code and native layers that runs on a bog standard Android phone, then an Arduino like microcontroller handles interfacing which is more or less realtime. Malformed, illegal or out of range commands would be trimmed out if occurs. They also has a narrower than commonly used limits and that is reportedly insufficient for tighter curves on some highways but are done so in good faith I guess. Why is it dangerous? Self driving software instances costs a lot to develop but nothing to manufacture, and the cost cannot be used as an indicator of its safety or sophistication, at all. Yes and yes, but the alternative is you never enjoy self driving and the potential it has to reduce fatalities for the rest of your life. It’s a trolley problem, this thing WILL KILL, the question is how more/less often compared to humans. They do entertaining things as long as you are comfortably more than ten feet from the end where freedom is expelled at supersonic speeds though, like, from buying Titanium sheets from communists to build the fastest airplanes to spy communists, to letting own psycos spike unsuspecting grad school elites to experimentally manufacture terrorists “LEO” is vague, 100km lasts months and 500km could be decades but both called LEO. Yeah, everyone has a moment when they notice a wrong umbrella in their hand. Could happen immediately upon pickup or could happen later. From there your view branches into the direction of either communal property idea or an internal shame/rage/regrets. So far I consider mine a personal property. I happened to study the process few days ago. Officer pulled out an elaborate form, asked the guy if he wants his copy, wants rights to the item if owner didn’t show up, to which he said no and no, and then he was asked to sign the blank and was told him they take care of the rest. Took 5-10 mins max. Technically no one should ever sign a blank sheet, ever, but that could be done, I guess. Ones that do USB-PD which allows other voltages than 5V What if: SEO consultants aren’t gaming system, but the search and web is being optimized for “measurable immediate economic impact” that is ad revenue at this moment — due to web itself being in-monetizable and unable to generate value. I don’t like the whole concept of SEO, I don’t like the way the web is today, but I think we should stop and think before resorting to “immoral few is destroying things, we unfuck it reclaim what we deserve” type simplification. WD: this comment Seagate: ST3000DM001 Another reason to stick to Toshiba or ex-HGST(if and when available) Or you could root target’s Intel ME or AMD PSP if you know what the NSA codename(BYEMAN or ECHELON or the likes) for those are. They cared not to be evil back then. Now they say they do the right thing, and “right” is subjective. Big consumer techs offer experience, not products. The joyous Windows Experience of office work a la Job Simulator.