A bit of a different perspective to some of what Joel wrote. http://positivesharing.com/2006/07/why-the-customer-is-always-right-results-in-bad-customer-service) Apparently not even if you post it three times! I'm extremely excited about this site. Startup stuff has always been by far my biggest interest in Reddit since it launched. As Reddit has grown my interest has faded considerably. Long live YC News! This has got to make PG nervous. How many people's life is he affecting? :-) He's definitely had an impact on my priorities in a very big and positive way. I hope everyone who makes changes based on his inspiration and motivation does it with a clear head and can take responsiblity for the decision and outcome. That movie is really great -- the title is perfect. I think it's basically a lesson in what not to do. Two non-hackers start a company and skip the make-a-great-product stage completely. Watching them it feels like borderline fraud. -- I bought Spolsky's "Aardvark" documentary and enjoyed it a lot, but I wish it had more YC in it. I wish YC funded two guys to make a documentary about YC. If the guys were good at it maybe they could create a product around that. Maybe something that makes it easy for "normal" people to make documentaries. "At the last YC dinner Joe Krauss talked about..." Okay, that's just not fair. Paul Graham _AND_ Joe Kraus? That's like cheating. How much do I have to pay to have these dinners recorded and published on Google Video? I can't be alone in being willing to pay. (Yeah..I know this is one of the big features of YC so probably not willing to allow recording...*sigh*) Definitely search. I use reddit's search feature all the time to find old articles. Brad is definitely my biggest technical role model by far. A completely open source stack: Linux, Perl (Apache mod_perl), MySQL. Besides creating LiveJournal he created Memcached, Perlbal, MogileFS, and OpenID which power some of the biggest sites (even competitors which he is happy about). He probably holds the record for scaling on the cheap. He's also unbelievably steadfast in doing right by his users. He has lost a lot of control since selling to SixApart, but he's still working hard. His blog is super great reading for wanna-be's like me: http://brad.livejournal.com/ The way he tackles technical issues is inspiring as hell, he says "there should be X" and then hammers away non-stop until it exists. MySpace's success came in spite of their technology, not because of it. There's nothing technical at MySpace worthy of emulation. A real technology startup could have done much better. Fox is short-sighted, non-technical, and greedy. They had to buy a start-up for over half a billion dollars precisely because they can't develop software themselves. Some other company just needs to harness the third party sites and build a the big ecosystem MySpace is neglecting to build. Google, Amazon, LiveJournal, SixApart, Flickr, YouTube, Craigslist. Most any company who has had highly technical top brass. MySpace was created by suits, that's why it runs on Windows and cost many millions more than it should. A full-time startup project might mean 12+ hours a day. In that scenario it doesn't really hurt to spend the first few hours "getting in the zone" or "wasting time". If you only have a 3 hour slot then a couple non-productive hours can be crippling. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brad_Fitzpatrick I love this type of startup. It's the definition of doing "one thing well". I think there's room for thousands of "utility features" like this. No single company can possibly do more than a few of them well, which leaves a lot of room for the small development teams to pick one and own it. Joe Kraus calls vertical search "top down" entrepreneurship: http://www.ikiw.org/2006/09/18/a-conversation-with-joe-kraus-co-founder-and-ceo-of-jotspot/ These guys appear to be scratching their own itch, so I think they have a shot at least. Patents offer an illusion of protection -- their only real value is in boosting one's valuation. I think most technical barriers are an illusion too. It's ridiculously hard to create something new that actually works for users, but it's almost always trivial to clone something that exists. Sites with no competitive technical barriers: YouTube/Flickr/MySpace/Digg/Reddit/Blogger/Slashdot/IMDB, etc. Look how quickly video sites sprang up once YouTube showed us how to do it well. And despite the flood of more technically advanced clones, no one is making a dent in YouTube's traffic. I think it's a no-brainer to add Google Analytics to any site. I also have my own set of little analytics instrumentation for monitoring extremely specific behavior in real-time. '...Gates just meant "improving" when he said "optimizing".' I think that's the case. Anyone know if there is a video/mp3/text version of that talk? We seriously need a law requiring that all PG talks be televised and made publicly accessible. This information wants to be free even more than other information. I think "suits" like Guy Kawasaki and Seth Godin are hackers-in-wolves clothing. That's why I find their opinions interesting. This is a great list. Thank you. I think it's more the vision than just the idea that matters. Superficially understanding an idea and really "getting it" is different. In the end you're protected from most people by their own lack of knowledge, skepticism, small thinking, etc. The people who are smart enough to steal your idea, in a way that would be competitive, probably have their own ideas or would be willing to work together. Craigslist uses MySQL FULLTEXT indexing, so it definitely "scales". For all my big-time searching needs I use Xapian. Sure they do. One or all three of them will just buy a startup and rebrand its product. The way VCs raise their funds and get paid seems horribly broken. I think most of them hover between borderline fraud and out-right fraud. YC should kill all the sub-par VCs by scaling up massively and taking their billions in funding away.