What are you trying to accomplish with this? :) Books give him a temporal high? WTF? Yes, stuff like this! Heh... but I really liked _feeling_ on par with whatever people are using/feeling inside BigCo. Do you agree with the answer to #2? He goes on to say that some former JPL employee named Ron attributed his high productivity to Lisp but, when he joined Google he found out C++ programmers there that were more productive that he in Lisp. Then he realized it was the programmers that mattered, not the programming language. Now, isn't this a bit stretched? I'd believe if it was Python against Lisp, of course... I don't like it. They should just try to mimic OSX... I disliked the Dark theme for ubuntu 9. Guys, shouldn't we be talking about 11th position? Lisp! Remember? So, they can't live from its profit yet. :( OH COOL! Congratulations! When I was deciding for Django, this... So, how do I build the next Google? Sure, but I'm not a designer. Someone isn't ugly just because they have a big nose, for example. I can't explain exactly why it is ugly. But it is in the fonts, the anti-aliasing, the theme that tries to be new but only changes some colors, the terminal tab bar too big... Should I learn SQL alone first? Misread as XeXeca Who would say.. C++ is the language du jour again! Meta-comment: this Safari site advertises it has over _9000_ books and videos! How is that going to attract people? It's more about the concepts, IMHO. Google has implemented MapReduce in C++. Which is probably why they're dominating the world while I'm playing with another language I'll never get to write anything in... Youtube: "Quants: The Alchemists of Wall Street." What can give me IDE-like popup completion for the current file using a live python interpreter beyond the scenes? Why isn't there SLIME for Python? There are also slides packed with the source download on Sourceforge (/doc). Hm, blog has two entries, both are on HN at this moment... is it considered ok to ask for friends to post links to your blog? Just askin... Shouldn't a team like this start their own business instead of thinking of being hired?