I'm not sure the present situation is actually worse than 1984 or "beyond Orwellian" but agreed on absurd, ridiculous and disgusting. The fact that we are even having a conversation about the similarity is concerning. The observation that a community may be infiltrated by spooks reminds me of spot the fed: https://www.defcon.org/html/defcon-15/dc-15-stf.html . So if I understand you correctly the railroads would basically be the same as the Interstate highway system? I don't know enough about how the railroads work to comment on how feasible such an arrangement would be. Does the government currently subsidize railroad maintenance and/or construction? Edit: Is there a precedent anywhere else in the world for nationalized railways? I don't think he advocated nationalizing the railroads, just the infrastructure. I don't see how this would be any different than trucking companies competing on public roads. There is certainly competition in that industry. Are there regions where two railroad (companies) have built competing infrastructure? Disclaimer: I am not an accountant. According to http://www.bnsf.com/about-bnsf/financial-information/form-10... BNSF has about 85% of their revenue in the tracks and 15% in the trains so your guess isn't far off. Can you comment on competition for a given route in the current railroad model? I assume railroads control who uses their tracks so they can prevent competitors from serving those routes, is that the case and how does that not constitute some form of monopoly? Edit: Thank you for the clarification, I had no idea how much railroads had tied up in the infrastructure. It seems that much of the value of a railroad is on the ability to serve certain routes without competition which in hindsight is pretty obvious. For a route from city A to city B that can be served by BNSF do consumers have a choice of a second railroad? If the answer to that is mostly no doesn't BNSF have some form of monopoly on rail transport? Thanks for the map. I see that many of these routes are only served by one railroad. For example, how does BNSF not have a monopoly on the route from Moorhead to Brainerd? How common are track sharing and common transport agreements? AnimalMuppet did a great job answering the monopoly question elsewhere in the comments: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=10510522 Thank you again for your detailed replies, I don't know much about our rail infrastructure but it is interesting. Can you explain what the taxes are for on the rail lines? In your example could the customer build their own small rail lines to meet up with the existing tracks of BNSF and UP both to allow them to pick who they use to haul freight between Chicago and LA? Does that happen? I am reminded of a plant tour at a major manufacturer where they had a rail line that ran right into their factory to deliver raw materials, I wonder who owns the rails. Do railroads have a anything similar to the meet up rooms in carrier hotels where you can move from one rail network to another? Please remember that it falls to us, the voters and citizens to enact the laws that we see fit. The judicial branch only interprets the law, we still have the ability to change it if we disagree. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. 1) Providing commercial passenger service is not the same as giving someone a ride. In the case of commercial service your passengers are your customers and expect a certain level of service. This could motivate you to take additional risks that you would not otherwise take. Such as flying in questionable weather so as not to lose the fare or get a bad rating on the service causing you to miss out on future fares. 2) Flying an airplane is nothing like making a cheeseburger. I do not think it is a worthwhile goal to allow unskilled people to operate airplanes, especially if they are carrying passengers. Instead we should focus on making sure the operators of the planes are as capable as possible to first avoid dangerous situations and then deal with them when they are unavoidable. This is exactly what the FAA does. If you screw up a cheeseburger maybe someone gets sick, if you screw up in an airplane people die. They aren't even remotely the same thing. If you think a review is bogus you could always click the "no" button to indicate that the review is not helpful. You can also report the review and tell Amazon that you think the review is bogus. Do you have any data to back up the claim that most of the recent reviews are bogus? Aaron Swartz, not Schwartz. I completely agree with you, while I know $40+mm means $40M it is only because of context, not because I actually parse it as "thousand thousand". In my mind mm is millimeter, even as an American. HN is the only place I see this notation used. The great thing about standards is there are so many to choose from. https://xkcd.com/927/ Is there reason to believe that a TRNG would somehow select numbers with a better chance of winning than any other method? I can see the method impacting the number of dollars you win but surely any valid set of numbers has the same chance to win as any other. It's not like your TRNG is actually emulating the behavior of the balls in the machine. Do you have examples of the auto industry fighting safety features? I used to own an early 70s Oldsmobile Toronado which was available with both ABS and airbags. A quick Google search suggests that Chrysler and Ford had similar braking systems in 1971, possibly even better. ABS was not required by US law until 2011. 40 years after the US domestics first offered it. I believe Ford made a big deal out of their padded dashboards in the 1950s as well but I would have to dig up references to that. While Volvo has a great safety record they are not even close to the only manufacturer with a history of adding safety features to their cars. Safety is good business, the US domestics have known this for decades. The 1971 Oldsmobile Torornado brochure prominently features ABS and specifically calls out the safety features available in that year: http://www.lov2xlr8.no/brochures/olds/71toro/bilder/6.jpg The NASA audit wasn't nearly as comprehensive as you may have expected: http://embeddedgurus.com/barr-code/2013/10/an-update-on-toyo... NASA didn't find a software defect, this is not the same as NASA finding that there is no software defect. Toyota absolutely built and sold dangerous vehicles with software and hardware defects. This was not only a matter of gas pedals sticking to floor mats. Importantly in this context Toyota did not put customer safety first and decided to suppress the truth of the problem rather than own the solution. This is cause for concern as we move toward self-driving systems which have to be perceived to work in order for the product to remain economically viable. Why? Windows 7 gets regular updates. Windows 8/8.1/10 are not updates to Windows 7, it is a different operating system. Edit: Not sure why all the downvotes, I honestly don't see how "up to date Windows 7" is an oxymoron. I know that some network configurations will still have to use actual IPv6 addresses but for the most part you could save yourself a lot of pain by just using DNS and hostnames. Is this actually true? Are you saying that every person in the world is morally bankrupt? We hire corrupt officials because people allow it. I fail to see what this defeatist attitude solves. Apathy is the enemy of democracy. That raises an interesting question about the life of rail car brakes. The cost of constant attention seems like it would be significant. I wonder how the brakes are constructed to minimize maintenance costs. The article does mention adding other sensor data to the ECP bus, brake life could be monitored in real time. This is actually really interesting. How granular are these metrics? Do individual bearings have sensors on them for example? Does the locomotive cut a maintenance ticket when light bulbs burn out? How many different sensors contribute to the 150,000 data points? Most of the car parks are underground, it's not like they are taking up viable office space. The NASA people seemed pretty happy when Curiosity landed on Mars: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svUJdzMHwmM&t=3m10s It's patriotism, we should be proud our country has a company that is doing this. Donald Trump has nothing to do with it. I can understand the distaste for nationalistic displays in Germany and I think it says a lot for the German people that this is considered distasteful. This is a peacetime effort that is likely to improve all of mankind. If you want to criticize the celebratory reaction to killing someone then I will probably agree with you. This is something else. Pride in one's nation and it's achievements is not inherently shameful. Do you believe that nationalistic displays are never appropriate? Why is it ok to celebrate your nation during World Cup but not after a significant technological achievement in peacetime?