I absolutely don't get it. The CoffeeScript code looks way to obscure to me. I don't need more punctuation marks. List comprehensions can just be written in JavaScript very easily. jQuery provides them OOTB. Improved switch statements seems pointless when you can use a dispatch table. I'm all for better OO syntax, but I'd much prefer something slightly more verbose and transparent. This looks like an attempt to put Perl in the browser. I have to say that after doing a python project I totally don't get why people love it so much. The syntax is slightly cleaner, but the lack of threading, first-class functions and dependency management tools make it waste at least as much time as it saves. I honestly don't believe in the concept of a programming language being able to make code more or less readable. A Java project with a POM file can be up and running on any OS in about 5 minutes. Sorry, I should have said "lack of true threading in CPython" by which I mean the GIL limitation. And lambda expressions are lame compared to what you can do in JavaScript/Perl/Scala. And the build tools suck compared to Maven which is saying a lot. Maven is cross-platform and install-free. It takes a long time to makes head and tails of pip, easy_install and virtualenv and it still does less than Maven. I read it and their code examples are not great. Too many abbreviated and meaningless variable names. I'd say it's a byproduct of the fact that only in-the-know developers are using CoffeeScript, while JavaScript is being written by every rank-and-file amateur web dev in the world. There is likely an inverse correlation between language popularity and median code quality. Terse isn't the same as expressive. Consider Scala vs Java. In Java, definining a singleton involves implementing a design pattern in one of a few ways. Maybe you have a private constructor and a static initializer. In Scala you define your class with `object` and it's done. That's concise and expressive. In Java, if your generic class has a lower bound you write Class Foo while in Scala you write def Foo[T http://mercurial.selenic.com/ I personally hate the index. It gets in my way far more often than I actually make use of it. DRY. DRY DRY DRY. I wonder if investment will start to take a hit when they understand the enormous risk they are taking. Have you seen those "sponsored results" on Google? Better ban all their apps too. I work for a agency that does pretty substantial projects ($1-10M range) and we've done a fair amount of backbone. Angular has gotten a lot of chatter, but isn't really suitable for our kinds of projects. Honestly, Maven is way easier, more powerful and works identically on Win, Linux or Mac. The key is that Java let's you set classpath as a command line arg and pythonpath is an environment variable. It was less consistent, but there some brilliant ones. The brain switching episodes is one of my all-time favorites. "to keep the repository clean" Seems like not a worthy objective. Has anyone here ever had a project saved by a tidy commit history? 311 has had analytics for years. Either this guy is better at it than the last few guys or he is better at self-promoting. Confirmed. I give interviews and people get offers or not based on my feedback. I also don't know what I'm doing. It could be Imposter's Syndrome or maybe that's just what imposters tell themselves. I'm in the high-end web consulting biz and there is no shortage of customers looking for fork over millions for an end-to-end solution. Even at the low-end that he is bemoaning, the plethora of off-the-shelf tools is coupled with a massive explosion is the number of businesses requiring a web presence. Now they can all get a decent looking site up for cheap or even just a Facebook page for nothing, but the next frontier will be differentiating themselves from their competitors which will require professional services. Having an in-demand skill gives you a ton of leverage. I'm a 35 year old father of two and a tech arch. My job requires long hours around releases and the like but if there isn't an urgent need, I will just get up and leave whenever my family needs me or I just really want to see them. They can fire me if they don't like it, but they really have no choice because I'm too hard to replace. Didn't the White House already confirm most of his accusations are true? Rasmussen has been dinged in the past for having a right-wing bias. It consistently gave higher support for Romney than other posters. The recent Pew poll showed moderately favorable views of NSA snooping. More interestingly, it showed that Democrats had suddenly become a lot more trusting while Republicans were suddenly dubious. A reversal from when Bush was caught spying on us. The difference is that the NSA is taking away our freedom while the Great Firewall is ensuring a harmonious society. If torture gains information but breeds new terrorists then it isn't efficient. Headline should be "cost of storage", not "cost to store". They have to pay a lot of guys like Ed Snowden $200,000/yr to maintain a database that size. I think the key is that we don't have Article 58. Per the quote in the op-ed, the NSA has had the ability to make America a tyrrany since 1975 and it hasn't done so. None of history's police states required digital surveillance. What they required was, you know, tyranny. We don't have any right now. I look at this purely as a question of privacy and due process.