The root problem with Bitcoin isn't the program, it's the money supply equation. Deflationary currencies fail exactly because they are too volatile, which is the anti-thesis of designing a currency to be held as an asset. Imagine currency like the oil in an engine. Someone needs to create a coin that rewards mining by giving them futures contracts on the currency and still deflating it. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Sales oriented companies derive a majority of their accounting book value from their client list. When a salesman leaves, they can solicit clients and thereby the value of the company can rapidly diminish. Fair is fair, right? What's best for the customer is best for the economy, right? ...well, now imagine an industry where sales oriented companies have essentially no stable book value. They cannot get loans securitized by the value of their book, and therefor cannot invest in growth or innovation. In the end it is a race to the bottom. A reasonable balance exists whereby employees are bound by a 2-3 year non-compete clause that prevents them from stealing clients. Markets are still competitive within 2-3 years, and since everyone has these clauses, employee value is retained. Turnout would certainly be higher, but it's not clear that it would be a "better" representation of the country. The electoral college distribute power, to some degree, based on geography. Geography is correlated with a large number of other "diversities" of American culture, from race, population density, to industry, to global warming risk, etc... Switching it to a straight majority would take power away from all of these subsets of society. This election, it seems, it was "white rust belt" Americans that decided the election. In Gore vs Bush, it was Florida. Next time, it will be something else. It's all highly imperfect and somewhat random, but I see danger in solidifying power in what essentially will be people who live in cities. It's also a question of whether the borders of a state breaking away remain valid. While the cities of LA and SF might support secession, the rural residents occupying the remaining 98% of the actual territory in California would want to stay. Agreed. Although in this case we don't if the initial report was fake or not. It's just unverifiable. It's entirely possible that some local cable tech decided to play a prank on a specific neighborhood where the tweeter lived. ...it wouldn't be the first time. In a world where news is so commoditized, interpretation is so rare If a surface temperature of −179.5 °C isn't enough to stop someone, logic never will. The point is that we are far far further away than commonly accepted. The day a computer can distinguish between a plastic bag in the road and a child is the day I'd support them on the road. This does not include storage costs to offset the cyclic nature of solar. I have a hard time imagining these exact same four points not being equally urgent if we were ushering in a Clinton administration. From an IT perspective, I think it's more important to recognize the increasing complexity and chaos of our security environment, and recognize that governments are not homogeneous objects, but themselves composed of good actors and bad actors. Engage the good, protect yourself from the bad. I think this would be your answers if you want to be questioned further. The amount of energy used actually makes it less likely to be intelligence. It's times like this I'm glad I have a country block setup through ipdeny. Reducing the likelihood of attack by two orders of magnitude is a big help until there's a patch. Looks like a bot to me. Literally only pastes links. I'd suspect that some of the websites it links to generate ad-rev, while the wikipedia and reddit links are there to obfuscate the purpose of the bot. It's simple logic. If you notice, both the Reddit and HN source have the same source url. You don't think there's any value in reducing penetration attempts by 2-3 orders of magnitude? I went from seeing an attack every few seconds to one per day/week. Doesn't using a .com TLD mean they are subject to DNS seizure in the US? ...although maybe it'll redirect once they launch. I'd love to have a global map with more granularity than just country level. Is that in the works? He's a complete random element. I literally have no idea what he's going to do. ...maybe that's a good thing? Everything that was "reliable" in the past let us down. The frequencies are roughly the same as what is used for LTE cell phone traffic. Which means they are probably looking for a frequency that has the same atmospheric, foliage, and construction material absorption, and range. Not sure it tells you much. They are obviously also limited to what portions of the spectrum are available. People don't really have a problem with immigration. They have a problem with terrorism. The various eastern European migrations subsequent to the fall of communism did not come with terrorism. A common use-case is tabs that are streaming music. I'm not sure if most users are even aware of pinned tabs. This is a great example of how fear of something possibly happening, gives a larger audience the illusion that it will happen. Literally no one in the administration has even suggested, ever, that they'd delete climate data. The problem is that we have news channels that mimic entertainment. The reality of the executive orders actually being signed are nearly identical to previous Republican administrations. What's different is the reporting. Is there a comprehensive list of ALL stars within 50/100/200/etc light years?