Two reasons actually: its flat, and small (dense). Wherever you want to go, it isn't unrealistic to do so by bicycle. A huge flat country with large sprawling cities wouldn't have as many bikes. Perhaps a novice question coming from a mostly Windows user: an OS I thought handled processes, hardware, etc. It can of course be handy to have a linker/editor/compiler shipped with it too, but why is it considered part of the OS? Is gcc/vi/emacs more a "part" of GNU/Linux than notepad is a part of windows; i.e. just a convenience? Or is linux unusable without a complete c-based tool chain? I know the term "OS" is a fuzzy one, which is probably what causes my confusion. Such tools (e.g. Photoshop) already ship with a database for lens correction of most lenses from the large manufacturers. Things like chromatic abberation, vignetting etc. can be done automatically. For some common lens problems such as geometric distortion, I'd say the correction is so good that I wouldn't consider it to be a problem when buying a lens any more, whereas it was one of the larger problems with zoom lenses before. As far as I understand this method just requires the PSF data for different settings to be shipped as well (at different apertures/focal lengths), and Photoshop could do the same thing using this method. Abberations in a poor lens comes from two factors: 1) design flaw/compromise and 2) sample variation. If you have a lens profile in Photoshop with PSF data it can only correct for the problems inherent in the design of the lens (1), not problems due to variations in manufacturing or lens damage problems. Manual window management isn't the perfect UI paradigm for anyone, regardless of input method. Being able to overlap by a few pixels isn't necessary for me. A simple way to see where window management should have gone is to look how it has changed within applications, where the resistance to change is lower. 15 years ago it was all MDI applications, where the idea that a doc has a window . Soon people realized that noone really needs to overlap their word documents windows, or move their photoshop tool dialog by 3 pixels, so more modern applications used docking managers to snap and tile their workspace together to use as much of the available area as possible. As usual in the demos and mockups of both Win8 and this concept, the applications demonstrated happen to be simple communication apps, media players and so on. I'd like to see Photoshop, Visual Studio, AutoCad etc. that actually have a large workspace with several confgurable areas. I don't think it would be horrible to lose the movable windows, but I'd want something as powerful in return: Windows should manage the desktop the way a good desktop application manages its different areas. Either make way for content protection for video in some kind of standard, or we are stuck with Silverlight and Flash video forever. Why wouldn't I want some kind of standard platform for delivering protected video in my browser, rather than getting and updating 2-3 different insecure plugins all the time for doing the same thing? Is this just a crusade agains DRM as a whole (good luck with that) from the free software movement, or do they have problems with this exact proposal from the w3c? Well I'm not really trying to do personal computing, I'm just watching TV on my screen really. I want to watch a game that there is no chance in hell that the rightsholders will will release on the internet without DRM. They'd rather just not air it and opt for just using the normal outlets like cable/satellite if that was the case. This would mean I couldn't see it at all. You could argue that letting DRM into html is evil, and I agree, but I don't really care about evil if I can get rid of the current crap implementation which is flash on one site and silverlight on the next. Yes, the problem: the only way the content owners will stream tonights game to my computer is if it is protected somehow. If there is a way to make a transparent & open platform that allows content to my computer in a way that makes the content providers happy, then I'm all for doing that instead of having the system of insecure binary blobs. But is that possible? If it is possible, wht isn't the W3C pushing for that instead of the "plug your own binary"-platform? Is security through obscurity inherent in DRM? I have never heard about those actually. I'm only interested in live stereaming sports, which are ridiculously expansive for the rightsholders but worthless once the broadcast is over. I can't see a future where they'll switch from their current platform unless the new platform offers something similar. If I was them I'd rather skip the browser completely and settle for apps (e.g in smarttv/win8/Mac/iOS/consoles). I'm not saying its stupid to be resisting drm in HTML, but it will mean some services won't exist in the browser. It's already transcoded live and re-streamed. That isn't technologically different. Finding European football is trivial whereas some other rightsholders have cracked down on streaming sites and people posting their screencast urls in forums effectively removing it from the visible web (Swedish ice hockey is one such example). Games are expensive ($20-30) and unlike movies it's often ok to watch in a low quality stream that is easy to distribute with modest hw/bandwidth. My screen displays what I tell it to? If it is a FairPlay/PlayReady stream or not. I wasn't talking about hdcp or other hardware/end-to-end drm. I don't think systems like FairPlay are going away anywhere soon. Surely it must be possible to make an open standard similar to FairPlay? It can't be all security through obscurity? I have the same feeling. But like I have tried to explain elsewhere: live streamed events (expensive sports broadcasts) are really sensitive to piracy. At least if you judge by the precautions they use. Today they typically use PlayReady DRM in a Silverlight video player (flash based solutions also exist). They usually also randomly insert subscriber id:s as text at regular intervals and random locations in the video stream thereby watermarking it and making it a risk for whoever decides to re-stream their screen. So the current situation is this: the broadcasters already have several methods of protection (Watermarking, Encryption), which means any technology we wish they would adapt better support at least what they have today. While I agree that it does seem like "less work" to just do the DRM bit, is it really likely that this plugin will really decrypt data, leaving a normal unprotected video stream for the browser to render? In that case, a browser implementation could just write the unencrypted video to disk or re-stream it over http to other clients, without even having to do a new transcoding/compression (which costs cpu power and reduces quality). The whole point of effective software video DRM is that the plugin must render the video to screen itself, and ideally in a way that doesn't let the attacker find the unencrypted stream in memory. Silverlight does this via PlayReady for example. I don't know if the whole oracle/sun debacle is to blame for the complete stagnation of the jvm and the java language, but the development pace is laughable these days. We're still waiting for proper lambda expressions after all these years. We still have a runtime without generics. And so on. The irony of the article is that ZeroTurnaround not only make money from the java community, but does so by selling tools that work around shortcomings of the jvm. So not only is it in their interest to have a large dev community on the jvm, if you are a bit mean you could say its in their interest to have a crap jvm :) The type erasure is just a bad match with what's essentially a quite weak type system withq few other design flaws in it. Had the type system been good otherwise, it wouldn't have been that bad, but the way java works with for example array covariance and so on makes it a poor design. That, and of course the fact that all AnyCollectionType should work with primitive types without performance penalties. Having to use an MyFancyIntTree rather than MyFancyTeee is a bloody disgrace. The problem isn't so much the sex is it? The problem is of course demographic. Related, but not the same. Amazingly the government of Japan surely understands the problem at hand, and still refuses to act. Labour laws of course cannot allow an employer to fire someone (or choose not to hire) based on pregnancy (or being a woman of that age). There is only one sure way of making women as desirable to hire in this respect: ensure men stay at home with children just as much as women. State subsidized childcare and a year or two of paid maternal/paternal leave per child would be a net win for Japan (as it is for most such countries). Learning a functional language is a great idea especially if you never intend to use one after you've learned it. It's like speaking a second language. Has a great effect on the understanding of your own language. At university the first thing everyone had to (in programming) do was a Haskell course. Felt weird at the time, but in hindsight it was fantastic. It meant everyone had to throw their preconceptions about programming out the window. It didn't occur to me until recently (10-15 years later), that functional concepts are actually a good thing to apply in any language; that it makes code parallelizable, modular, maintainable, testable, and so on. I just thought functional was functional (i.e. elegant but hard) whereas imperative was imperative (inelegant but easy). Much like the difference between algebra and arithmetic. So go learn a second language, or even a third. Even if you intend to speak english and Java for the rest of your life. I'd choose Haskell and Spanish. Lightroom does an excellent job of managing your files through a normal SQL database, but like any other app-centric view the abstraction breaks down at some point because users still have access to the files on disk. When you want to make edits using external tools you always get a feeling that you are swimming upstream. What is needed is an OS level abstraction that still lets you access your data in files, but hides the actual physical organization of these files. The application interface to the file system shouldn't be a tree but a database/query like interface. Microsoft had great plans for this (already in Vista http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WinFS ), but had to pull the plug on it. It hasn't reappeared in Win7 or 8. In a system like WinFS applications like Lightroom awould not have to manage its own SQLite database tables of your photos and their physical location. The query would go directly to the operating systems file database. The problem is that the files are still there, if the application manages the files itself to get more functionality than the fileystem itself offers (i.e. like iTunes indexing the files), then if you move/rename files you have fooled the secondary index. So the problem isn't that apps can't/shouldn't manage the files themselves, the problem is that the index they use (e.g. a SQL table) isn't provided by the filesystem to guarantee consistency. If the filesystem provided a database like interface, then iTunes and Lightroom wouldn't have to have SQL tables for the files, and if you moved a file on disk you wouldn't have fooled the application. "Everything is a file" isn't really a problem. Its the index and metadata that is the problem. If you can make a one liner that says "show me all the photos taken last week, in the entire system" and that will respond instantly without traversing the hierarchy, then you have a proper index and metadata over your filesystem. Exactly. The whole issue is the inconsistency with todays app-centric views of data (iTunes) and the fact that the path hierachy based view of the files will probably still be around for many years to come. I think the best solution would be for the OS/filesystem to provide a queryable layer on top which contains metadata and guarantees consistency without forcing the applications to lock in their data. I can't see how it would be very controversial, as it actually removes nothing, only adds. Exactly. So while applications today each create an abstraction (e.g. SQL index) on top of the filesystem, what is really needed to provide the "iOS experience" while keeping normal file systems below, is simply an OS-level index with metadata. I can't see how it can be preferrable to have each application have an inconsistent DB of files and their metadata, versus having the OS/filesystem provide one. As for the mp3 scenario: for a 1Gb mp3 player its certainly doable to just scan the contents for the files/metadata once in order to show track titles etc. The problem is when the collections of files grow by several orders of magnitude and you need instant lookup of metadata (e.g. a 1Tb photo library, which isn't even especially large these days, my camera takes 25mb photos with hundreds of pieces of metadata that can't be encoded in the filename unlike an mp3 track). It's not pride of being born at a certain location (that's coincidence), It's pride to be part of a community (state, city, organization, ...) that makes good, rational decisions. Like how you can be proud if you live in a country with a sensible healthcare system or patent system, or proud to work at a company with good policies and a healty work environment. Wasn't this the case with ICQ? That is, once the protocol was reverse engineered, all the protocol authors had to do was change it slightly and the 3rd party implementations had to play catch up. It will be easy for free software to offer such a solution, the problem is that commercial software probably can't promise much about how much or how long it will be interoperable. I'd be reluctant to pay for a commercial skype client that can break tomorrow. The assumption of course being that it only applies to communities where you have some say in the matter, such as through democracy.