I wonder what the performance difference would be between using the Python Apache plugin and running qrencode - the C executable ( http://fukuchi.org/works/qrencode/index.en.html ). I know it's not clean to call shell commands from Apache - not to mention the obvious performance hit with swapping environments - but perhaps the ELF vs Python JIT might compensate for this. Also, i'd be interested in a comparison of features between the two. Weird you guys are having problems because it scans perfectly using the standard barcode scanner app on my Desire S (running MIUI): http://www.armyofcrabs.com/qrsnake.png Where does the "CHIP. CHIP, WAKE UP" quote come from. I recognise it, but I can't recall why. Clearly you don't hate software patents because you then went on to justify them. In fact, I think your whole attitude is backwards for the following reasons: While I agree with you that you cannot blame Apple (nor any other company) from filing software patents given the current culture within IT. You can 100% blame Apple for aggressively using flimsy patents to suppress obvious designs amongst competitors - forcing their competitors to deliberately cripple their products or risk having them forcefully removed from market entirely. That is not competition nor is that using patents defensively. What they are doing is exploiting a legal loophole to suppress legitimate competition. Also, the "don't hate the player, hate the game" saying really winds me up. It's basically just endorsing moronic behaviour so long as the culprit doesn't get caught. It's just a retarded view of life in my opinion. It was painful in a desktop browser too. It's ironic really that such terrible layout was born from a document detailing optimal layout concepts Well then the IP address you have for them will be wrong regardless of whatever method you use to store them. Personally I think it's only a matter of time until there's a "hacker" DNS servers for people to completely bypass all this shit. True, but that's copyright IP not patent IP. Because not all Linux distributions follow Linux Standard Base. It would be silly for (to use an example) Arch to have a lsb-release file when it's very method is anything but LSB. So os-release gives a unified file regardless of the distro methodology. In fact this file could easily be extended beyond Linux to any Unix-like OS - which lsb-release would be less practical for. Well for one thing LSB mandates using RPMs: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Linux_Standard_Base#Choice_of_R... Well yeah, that's how Debian gets around the issue. However Arch doesn't have an RPM converter in it's standard set up (or if there is, I'm unaware of it). Personally I massively prefer Arch's package manager to anything I've seen on any RPM-based distro and it seems pretty pointless in having an "alien"-like RPM converter for Arch given how exhaustive Pacman + AUR is. However the point remains that Arch would fail LSB due to this. IIRC [alt]+[space] did the same when the start button was highlighted (I'm sure I managed that back when I ran Win95). You could have all sorts of fun with the start button / task bar though. I remember writing a breakout game where the start button was the paddle. The code itself was very simple as it was basic Win32 APIs. As messy as those APIs were, they're lack of basic security made it great fun to write all sorts of weird hacks hehehe. In fact, going back to the topic of MDIs (as the article referenced in relation to the WS_SYSMENU style), I wrote a basic program that would work as a winword 95 / 97 plug in (winword being an MDI back then) that would dump iexplore into winword so it would behave exactly like any other word document. This was done purely to get away with surfing the net in college as it was easier to hide your browser session behind a word document that it was to close/reopen it every time a lecturer walked past. IIRC that was just one API call (something like SetHwndParent?), but that was /years/ ago now and I've since left Windows development for Linux and Unix. But again, that's in not in the official repositories (just AUR), let alone part of the base system. It's great that it's available in AUR, but it wouldn't be enough to pass LSB - which is the /entire/ point of this tangent. > do not show me posts whose headlines contain the strings "X", "Y" or "Z" The problem with that is these days there's so many "clickbait" headlines, some of which offer absolutely no insight into the content itself. Without policing each and every submission to ensure the headlines accurately define the linked article - it would be difficult to guarantee any kind of success with basic headline filters. Even on a PC - it was a complete nightmare. Opera kept interpreting my right-click movements as gestures and middle button as a request to scroll around the page. It was more than just a little frustrating because of this. That all said, layout of the site and idea itself is very good. Looks fine in KDE4. Definitely not as crappy as the screenshots you've posted > IRC operates passwords in plaintext format Only if you don't have an SSL connection (which most IRC networks do support). I get mocked by many of my colleagues for this, but I find nothing focuses me better for programming than stuff like Aphex Twin and Autechre. So it's good to see them having a strong presence in this sound track. One criticism though: the retired DJ inside me is screaming at the lack of set structure. :P Possibly. What sort things would you be interested in? I already have a few mixes online that's available to download. HN doesn't appear to have a PM function, but I'm contactable via a number of different IMs / chat networks if you want to discuss this further :) Words cannot describe how epic that is The following article might be of interest to you then: CWI cryptanalist discovers new cryptographic attack variant in Flame spy malware http://www.cwi.nl/news/2012/cwi-cryptanalist-discovers-new-c... To be honest i do run phpMyAdmin, but I run it on a subdomain that has HTTP auth over SSL and the log files are included by fail2ban scans (thus anyone that fails to HTTP auth correctly 3 times gets auto-banned in iptables). So while I do agree with your points regarding phpMyAdmin, you can have the convenience of running it (and securely) if you really wanted to. Actually they do. My method prevents attackers from being able to access phpMyAdmin in the first place and thus if an attacker cannot access phpMyAdmin, then they can't exploit any of the vulnerabilities within phpMyAdmin. Prevention is definitely better than a cure in this instance; preventing the unwanted from accessing phpMyAdmin is better than fixing all the vulnerabilities and hoping that an attacker doesn't discoverer a new exploit. True, but we are talking about more than just "good attitudes" here. Automatic testing that happens with every commit does constitute as a language feature. I can understand your criticism against Slackware (though I do love that distro), but I don't agree with them against FreeBSD at all. FreeBSD has binary repositories as well plus even it's source repositories (read: ports) is just are reliable as the best Linux has to offer. Furthermore, ZFS is a killer feature (yes, I know Linux has BtrFS, but as far as I know it's still not yet classed as 'stable' - while ZFS is already tried, tested and depended upon in many servers right across the globe). And personally, I think FreeBSD has a lot saner defaults than Ubuntu Server. /Laurence (FreeBSD and Slackware user for the last 10 years) There really isn't /that/ much difference between BSD and GNUs user space. And definitely nothing that can't be found out after spending a few seconds in Google or the UNIX man pages. Plus FreeBSD docs are excellent (in fact I've found them to be a more reliable source than even Ubuntu's - but that's a whole other topic)