I'm not sure if they really "blur the line". Speed wise, the new SSDs are coming closer and closer to RAM, but latency wise they're still miles off. There's still a lot to be done before SSDs can truly rival with memory. I compiled a nightly build of LineageOS yesterday. Building it for just my phone requires: -8GB of RAM -70GB of disk space Pulling down the source code from github using my 500mbps connection took about half an hour. The first build took over 90 minutes. Adding a single file and rebuilding took 25 minutes with compiler cache enabled. Presumably the compiler cache will speed up building for multiple devices and device specific builds will probably only take half an hour after the first build, but these numbers will not fit in any free plan. Granted, bitbucket seems to have decent pricing for their Pipelines but the price for building weekly for all devices will probably be too expensive in the long run. That's why they're looking for servers donated by the community. So these people were expecting a private company to spend thousand of dollars on construction costs because their house didn't get hooked up back when the cables were put in the ground for the first time? I don't understand why they ever expected to get a free connection in the first place. Internet isn't considered a public service (yet) and there are no government goals to connect every household. ISPs won't get any subsidy for connecting up these people so it's only logical that they need to pay the construction costs themselves. Governments should make broadband Internet a public service but the companies involved will never cooperate. The only way everyone can get a decent connection is when the government takes over the responsibility for providing Internet access. But that requires money which requires tax increases which will anger the people so that will never happen. This might cause a lot of infections around the world for systems without the other code execution prevention systems... Older versions of Android don't have much protection against Stagefright or other such attacks if ASLR is circumvented. The same can apply to older versions of Windows (7 or earlier) without EMET installed. It took the most popular desktop Linux operating systems (like Ubuntu) a very long time before they even shipped ASLR. I hope further defense in depth will be implemented now that ASLR is proven weakened. There's not even a need for installing a proxy! SSH has native SOCKS proxy support, so all you need to do is set up an SSH connection and set the browser connection to a dynamic SSH port forward. This also prevents leaking DNS requests : with a standard proxy your computer might be trying to look up domains using the company DNS system. With a SOCKS proxy, you can forward all DNS traffic as well! This is a good point. Google has added functionality so that user installed certificates bypass all certificate pinning utilities, so users using these tools are less protected. However, there is no indication of the network being monitored once the certificate has been installed. On Android every time a user-installed certificate authority is used a warning is shown. Furthermore, the user is forced to set a lock screen the moment you install a certificate. If Google can push this (frankly user unfriendly) UI through, why not change "Secure" into "Monitored" in Google Chrome? The green padlock is a lie and the truth is exposed only after inspecting the certificate using the web developer tools. The latest browser I can think of that should still support your OS and still gets updates (for a few more months at least) is the extended support release of Firefox 45: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/organizations/all/ While it may not support the latest HTML5 features, you'll still be patched against security vulnerabilities. Alternatively, you could install Windows 10 using bootcamp according to the bottom post of this thread: https://discussions.apple.com/thread/7171259?tstart=0 Windows 10 works pretty decent on low RAM devices, and you'll be able to run all the latest browsers and software. Except that in this case the blind will no longer be able to listen to the audio recordings and the deaf will no longer be able to use the animations and automated closed captions. They should have struck a deal where all new content will be ADA compliant and all courses will never depend/actively refer to the old material, but keep the old material still online for further research. Of course UC needs to stay compliant. But that doesn't mean forcing it to take down old material will help anyone. I assume Google wants to push their own image format (animated webp) instead of supporting an old format nobody has been using for years. This is good news though; finally we can start to abandon the cruddy old GIF format and move to something more modern. Imgur converts most moving images into mp4 and webm, serving the optimal file to the browser the visitor is using. I think this is part of the reason why people use the word "GIF" for any moving media these days as imgur is a very popular medium. Very interesting to note: > However, searching a small sample of firmwares I have present, I've been able to verify the existence of the "ccx" tag in the Galaxy S7 (G930F, G930V), Galaxy S6 Edge (G925V), Galaxy S7 Edge (G935F, G9350), Galaxy Note 4 (N910F) and Galaxy S5 (G900F). This could mean that not only Apple devices are affected. Broadcom chips are everywhere and bringing out patches and firmware update is a big problem in the Android world. This is probably decompiled code. Many functions loose their names if code gets optimized or obfuscated. function_XYZ is probably a placeholder used by the decompiler. There's already a system to do so: it's called DNS. You can check for timeouts using XHR already and if a server doesn't respond then having it send a new IP wouldn't work anyway. The problem with using DNS that way is the usual 30 second time out. On the other hand lower values than 30 seconds can cause problems for many users with slow or mobile connections. Honestly I can't think of a reason why the HTTP specifications should contain anything about IP addresses. I don't agree with the parent post (I think all traffic should be encrypted now that let's encrypt exists) but this is an interesting point. For example, Google is making it as difficult as possible to install certificate authorities in Android. Root certificates are encrypted as if they are client certificates, requiring the user to set up PIN or password protection on their lock screens. Removing this protection immediately disables the installed user certificates. Google has changed the Android 7 API so that by default the user certificate store is not used to validate the validity of certificates (only the system store is used). Apps need to opt in to still support user certificates. Of course this is all done to prevent malicious actors from performing MitM attacks on users. Still, I would not be surprised if Android P removes the user certificate store all together. This is why video content websites suck. Getting in the way will only frustrate users. In my country there is a legal right to copy audio and video content for your own consumption. We can download your video, play it on the TV in living room, save it to our phones and watch it in the train to work. And if your content is interesting enough, people will do so. If your site were interesting enough, I'd probably write a quick Chrome extension that adds a big download button to save others the hassle of going through the developer tools. Although the domain name registration was intentional, activating the kill switch wasn't. The author registered the domain name without knowing what would happen (the virus might as well have wiped the entire disk) and was surprised to see that he had activated a kill switch. That's the accidental part. Exactly! The first thing I thought of when I read the title of the patent was the tmux session I had opened in my terminal. Given how GNU/Unix Screen has been available for thirty years I doubt this patent will hold up in court. I'm still missing the insight into websockets that Chrome offers. The network monitor can see websockets being made, but there is no way to see the data inside the data frames. There are of course extensions that fix this but in my experience they are heavy and slow down the debugger. I really hope this feature will be added soon (or has been added without me noticing it) The dementia argument is compelling; is a criminal missing all of the memories from his criminal past still a criminal? Punishment makes no sense when the punished doesn't understand what they're punished for. As for the other elderly, although there is not much of a risk that these elderly prisoners will fall back to a life of crime, they are still there for a reason. One of the prisoners used as an example has been convicted of a sex attack he committed when he was 68. Another prisoner used as an example has committed several serious crimes, each worse than the last. He's been given multiple chances to better himself; he didn't, so he has to face the consequences. We can hardly stop punishing criminals "because they're too old". The whole idea of a prison is that you get less freedom and luxuries than the people outside. Putting prisoners in a special home would give them the same (and for some people, even more) luxuries than the elderly outside the prison have. Apple still doesn't allow true browsers in the app store. Not because they disallow duplicate system applications (plenty of calculator apps out there). The problem is that Apple does not allow any developer to use a browser engine other than built-in Safari. Apple also doesn't allow virtual machines/on the fly compilation of code, making any alternate, fast enough Javascript engine practically impossible. "Browsers" on iOS, such as Firefox Focus and Chrome, just repurpose the built-in Safari engine with some modifications (bookmark sync, extra content blocking, etc.) That sounds like an interesting idea for a mod though... FYI: Firefox (and other browsers as well I think) already have built-in functionality for generating a cURL command with all the headers and cookies included. In the dev tools, you can right-click on a request in the "network" tab and click Copy > Copy as cURL. Sadly, this only works for requests you haven't already done with the dev tools open and it doesn't generate wget commands, but you might get some use out of this while the add-on is being updated. Whatsapp Web works perfectly for me in Firefox, but only after messing with my adblocker settings; the website depends on javascript from at least three domains to work. FINALLY, someone who had the same idea as me. I've actively looked for ways to do something like this and even considered setting something like this up in a quick and dirty way (by abusing X forwarding over the internet across devices; probably the closest I'll get to making this system work without modifying every program on my computer). The sheer inefficiency of getting my email on my phone, laptop, PC and tablet across several apps without any of them communicating between them is driving me mad. I have an overpowered gaming machine in my room and a slow, old Samsung tablet near my bed. If I want to read something in bed, I'll have to suffer through the slow Chrome browser with all of its lag and lack of hardware accelerated decoding while there's a machine with incredible graphical power available _right there_. I'd love to turn my tablet into a thin client for my PC, but that requires a mix of slow or unstable remote desktop apps. In my mind, this concept would also have other devices help with the workload. For example, when my server is busy running compilers, my laptop can kick in and help out with some of the work by doing the Javascript for my tablet. This makes the work more complicated, but combines the power of my collection of personal devices into a single platform. I really hope someone or some company can help the world move this way. It's been done before in part back when thin clients were the latest hit and after the last few years, responsive design has been normalized to the point combined systems like these have a real chance of becoming the next thing in computing. Sadly, I fear the moment this becomes popular the general population will just pick a cloud-based solution so they don't need to set up an application server, which gives companies like Amazon and Google even more power and data then they already have. Works fine in Firefox + reader mode