I’m sorry if that takes money out of retailers pockets, but I really do think that the talented people who sweat blood making these games deserve the money more than people who only know how to push people to buy used instead of new. Then the developers should just charge more up front. I only buy used (or deeply discounted) games because $60 is just too much to spend. If they make it where I still have to spend close to $60 even on a new or discounted game I just won't buy anymore games. Wow, so it's been so long since I've had a 'programming' test I had to go look up the FizzBuzz test. A first year compsci student should be able to whip up a solution in minutes. I can't believe that people try for programming jobs and fail FizzBuzz. First read "How To Win Friends and Influence People." If you apply the rules in the book and are at least an average looking guy you should not have any problems finding dates. Add in some gym time and some pop culture into your daily RSS feeds and you're all set. When you find a girl you like, slowly introduce your geek side. She'll think it's cute. Plus, nowadays everyone uses computers in one way or another so any geek tendencies are not going to be that big of a stretch to understand. Really, it's not that hard. "The system must be completed tomorrow." There are so many things wrong in this post I'm not sure where to start. First, 5 reps is fine sometimes. Look up periodization. The body adapts quickly so while 5 sets of 5 might work for a few weeks you eventually need to change it up. Plus your joints, tendons and ligaments get tired always lifting heavy. Cardio has nothing to do with 'toning.' The old saying is 'abs are made in the kitchen not in the gym.' If you want to look tone (horrible term but we'll go with it) you need to have some muscle and then remove the fat from over top of it. The easiest way to remove fat is the cut calories. You can burn calories through exercise, but not nearly as much as people think. Dips and pullups is nothing close to enough for a well rounded workout. If you want to do a workout without a gym Google bodyweight training. If you have access to a gym then look at the books 'Starting Strength' or 'New Rules of Lifting.' Both are good books by excellent authors and give you plenty of workout plans. With either, expect to spend about an hour in the gym 3 times per week. Have you actually lifted heavy for any amount of time? If you have you'll know that you need times where you let your tendons and ligaments rest. Your joints will thank you too. Muscles recover much faster than your connecting tissues (and your CNS for that matter). Look at something like the 5/3/1 workout. It's set up in a manner that you can do it indefinitely because it has built in periodization. For 3 weeks you work up to near maximal weights then a 4th week of deload. This 4th weeks gives everything else (again - connector tissue, CNS) a chance to fully recover. A complete program is not necessarily complicated. Running is NOT a replacement exercise for a squat and DL variation. Adding a weighted vest is much different than adding ankle or wrist weights. I would advise against ever adding weights to your ankles or wrists while doing cardio. In that scenario your legs and arms are acting like big levers and even light weight can wreck havoc with your mechanics that in turn can lead to injuries. The body just wasn't designed to operate in that manner. While not exactly the same issue look up 'open chain' versus 'closed chain' exercises. The Metalab guys should be happy about all the free press they are now getting. Not saying that Metalab did this, but I wonder if there is a PR lesson here. Anonymously upload your companies design to a popular FOSS project and then pretend to be all dejected when you 'find out'. Air your grievance publicly and boom, instant PR! It's not neccessarily sociopathy, but points to a lesson the be aware of who you hang around with. I heard a stat last year that said that most people make within +-10% of their 5 closest friends salaries. It makes sense when you think about it. If you're hanging out with people who work dead end jobs and simply get blasted every weekend your most likely going to be doing similar things. Likewise, if you hang out with people are always coming with ideas for companies and following through you'll likely be doing same thing. “Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.” -Howard Aiken I agree that Apples reasoning for charging for the Touch updates sounds shady, but you're comparing a touch (NOT a phone) to a nexus one which is a phone. If you compare it to the iPhone the updates are included. Did you really buy a Nexus ONE to replace your touch and don't use the phone portion of the Nexus? Looking at random pictures on the chat roulette map is pretty disturbing lol. I wonder if these people knew a) they were being tracked and b) they picture was being saved would they have still done what they did? "Google did spend a lot of dough trying to roll this out." Where exactly did Google spend all this money? I see DRIOD and iPhone commercials nightly and have yet to see Nexus One commercial. I also don't see any Nexus One advertising in stores or anywhere else a typical consumer might go looking for a phone. Google did some web advertising and had some business news sites cover the phone because well they are Google. I have yet to see any sort of advertising from them that even comes close to the iPhone or DROID (which incidentally has also done very well). Totally agree! Mercury and other heavy metals make it potentially dangerous to eat much fish anymore. I think what your stats and the comment you replied to is showing is that America has gotten better, but there is a growing class divide between the haves and the have nots. I'm not talking about the super rich or the wall street guys, but by and large the knowledge/new economy/professional workers and then everyone else. I believe most(all?) people on HN would by default be in the haves. They are educated and understand what it takes today to be successful. They may be broke, but rarely poor. Then there is a large group of people who are not only uneducated in these matters, but they are also poor and have no means or understanding on how to change their situation. The problem is that the gap between the two groups is growing larger and larger. How we get those on the have not side to make the jump is a growing challenge. * I was the computer science grad student of the year back when I was in grad school * I am a member of Upsilon Pi Epsilon http://upe.acm.org/ * I've been to Tokyo and competed in the web service composition challenge * I have climbed 2 out of Colorados 53 14ers so far. My goal is all 53 in CO and then the North American continent. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fourteener * I have surfed big waves in Costa Rica When I was young my dad told me "never quit your job until you have another one lined up." I think that advice still holds, but I will expand it some. Get some side work lined up or something, but don't just quit without a plan. That's going to put you in a pinch and you might have to take another, even worse job because you need money. When I've worked jobs or had lulls in jobs where I was working below my level it always led me to create new projects at home on my own time. These projects kept me learning, stimulated my desire to solve problems, and some have made me a bit of side money. Sadly none have yet taken off to the point where I work on them permanently. I have an app (nowhere near top ranking tho) and I agree with you for the most part. My first submission took 2 days and any updates have taken less than 24 hours. One took less than 6 hours for them to turn it around and get it on the app store. My only issue with the app store now is the returns. I have had 1 return and all I got from Apple was the form letter that if you have a lot of returns it might be a quality issue. What I would like to see is at least the questionnaire the customer fills out in order for Apple to grant the return. At least this way I can know if it's some sort of serious problem or just someone who made a purchase by mistake. I think developers need to treat math like any other framework - continue practicing. When I was an undergrad and then a graduate student I was always doing math. Now that I work in the business world, not so much (although I do use my statistical analysis skills often). My math skills have degrade some because of it. As an aside, the picture at the end of the article gave me flashbacks to when I tore my ACL doing backrolls on the wakeboard...ouch! I think the point of the "either works or it doesn't" is a comparison versus analog. With an analog signal you could get slightly better results by getting better cables (or worse with worse cables). If you have a poor digital cable it flat out doesn't work. If the cable you're using works, buying a more expensive cable isn't going to make it work any better. Either the 1s and 0s made it from the source to the destination or they didn't. No one is claiming that there isn't engineering that needs to happen to make a digital signal reliably travel from the source to the receiver. You're confusing what I was saying. In an HDMI situation if you use a cheap cable and the picture and sound are fine, buying a more expensive cable isn't going to change anything. With HDMI in particular, if the cable is failing you'll know right away with either a poor picture or sound. It won't have the gradations that were possible when pushing an analog signal around - i.e. the picture looks could, but it could be sharper with a better cable. I'm not sure why you brought ethernet into the mix, but generally you're talking about much longer runs than HDMI and it's often not as easy to see when your are losing packets without specifically checking if you are dropping packets (IMHO poor network performance IS failing outright, but not as easily seen as a bunch of blocks on the TV). Even then, the cable you use is either delivering all the packets or it isn't (up to an acceptable level of errors/loss for the length you are running). Delivering a stronger 1/0 isn't going to change anything as long as it's strong enough for the receiver to differentiate. That's where it either works or it doesn't comes from. IMHO, seeing sparkles on the screen means 'does not work.' Hearing audio errors means does not work. When pushing a digital signal around if you have significant errors you'll know quickly at the receivers end if the cable is bad. If you hook up your cheap cable and don't notice any of these errors, getting a better cable isn't going to make the picture sharper or sound clearer like in the days of pushing analog signals around. I don't think the AMD way is necessarily the "right" way. What Apple needs to do is add more options. Make the options part of the power control applet. You should be able to have different settings based on plugged in/not plugged in, API usage, integrated/discrete always on/off, etc... IMHO, a combination of Apple's way and AMD's way is the right way. Drinks != music. Alcohol is known to slow reaction time and cognitive skills. Instead of substituting music with drinks how about wonder if doctors also listen to music while they work. When I was pre-med (prior to becoming compsci) I went and observed a few surgeries. The surgeons were some of the most focused, professional people I've ever met and they had music playing in the OR. Go figure. It's a tough question. The problem is that AAPL makes a lot of their money off hype/fad products (and don't flame me on this, they make some nice products, but the AAPL marketing machine is genius and could sell the Brooklyn Bridge right now). Not that this is a bad thing, but fads can change on a dime. Remember how cool the RAZR used to be? Rightly or wrongly AAPL is seen as a personal extension of SJs will. What happens when he leaves? AAPL has also just had a HUGE run up. I'm not saying it's going to drop anytime soon, but you don't want to be the last one on the train. AAPL makes premium products at premium prices. Has the overall market (jobs, financials, housing) really recovered enough that people in general are okay with spending again? Some statistics say no, but recent earnings say possibly. All these are questions you need to answer for yourself. I would be a little gun shy today (either buying or shorting) because I think there are easier/less risky investments to be in right now.