Hi guys, this is Simone Brunozzi, the "new hire" at Amazon.com. Second Life is not the new holy grail, I just said that it was a key factor for me. Second Life is still in its infancy, and it's useful only in specific situations. I consider evangelists very important for an organization such as Amazon. They don't have an explicit position on Second Life, though. Best, Hi Spyrosk, the videos will be available shortly. If you want to get updated, send me an email (you find the contacts on my Twitter page, @simon). Best, Simone Thanks, evilswan. Do you have any feedback on how to improve it? I will shortly release a video version of it. Best, Simone Yannis, which service would you like to see covered this way? If multiple ones, which one should have the priority? Best, Simone (T: @simon) The video is now available here: http://slidesha.re/qefqHn (about 35 minutes) Best regards, Simone Since you need money quickly, this is what I suggest: 1) Sell your stuff on Ebay or Craigslist or similar. 2) Find temporary work for a company that pays decent money (Lyft, Uber, TaskRabbit, Mechanical Turk, etc). 3) My favorite: call a good friend, tell them that you need 2k within a few weeks, and offer a written payback promise. This way your friend will not feel in a too awkward situation, and you'll be able to give him his money back. Ask for a 4-month deadline payment, and offer interest (let's say 60 dollars?). If he's a friend, he'll help. If your friend is able/willing to give you only 1k, accept it. And find another friend who will lend the other 1k. It's doable, and there's nothing to be ashamed of. Then find some meaningful ways to repay that debt. Good luck. Hope it goes well. Before thinking about enhancing tranportation, we should ask ourselves IF we need to travel more. In the last five years I took 500 flights (all on economy class except for two), and I also took about 100 train rides. For "short" trips ( Sometimes I see random acts of kindness (like yours), and they still surprise me. I bet every one of us did a few, and received a few. Sown, you should go! Matt, you rock!!!! LOL! Interesting! My view is that "how to teach" is way more difficult, and therefore important, than simple subject knowledge. I can find dozens of very expert Developers, willing to teach for a good salary. However, rarely these people have the skills to teach effectively. Can you tell us more about why Jeff is great at teaching? Examples? Great job, Jeff! Any specific reason why you need this? Can you explain the use case? The article is quite nice, but I have to say that there's nothing surprising. I found it a bit shallow. Also, it would have been nice to change the title into "3 things we have done right so far AT OUR STARTUP". Cheers, Me too, more or less. Sad. Good point. I think that if the "mother" company can fund the startups, without getting in the way, and accept a reasonable equity, then it's a good formula for success. I'm sorry to hear this. I love my dad, who is still alive, and I think I should try to spend more good time with him, now that we live far away. My sympathy to you, Notch. Agree with you, $crazygringo. Most of the time, when people talk about it: Europe = DE, FR, sometimes UK, more rarely IT/CH/AT and scandinavian countries. Asia = "chinese" Asia, which is China and South East Asia. South America = Brazil This is a good thing, but having known Canonical and Ubuntu since the start (2004), I would really love to see them succeed in the desktop market first. This initiative will de-focus their efforts. I admire them, and wish them good luck anyway. Nice initiative. A pity I won't be in town. It would be nice if you could post some videos after the event. Good luck! This is super cool, Tom! Good luck :) The slides are awesome! Great work. I also like speakerdeck a lot. This is an amazing methaphor. :) It seems like a simple but nice idea. Good luck! I just signed up :) What would be the best way to play DF on a not-so-powerful machine? It seems that rendering the ASCII art is a serious CPU dwell...