Absolutely not!! It's more like this You have old user table with for example: login and user name In MongoDB this is a JSON object {login:'user', name:'User Name'} You want to add 'shoe size'. So you add 1 - the shoe size to the signup/user editing form 2 - next user created is like this: {login:'user', name:'User Name', 'shoe_size': 7} 3 - Old users DON'T get a shoe_size added automatically to their document, but next time they login they get asked "What's your shoe size". It's dynamic. if (!user.shoe_size), done. You add new columns on demand, and you almost never remove them (you don't need to add fields for migrating, except of course those you want to add) You (almost never) "run the migration" for a while adding shoe_size to existing documents. And it absolutely does make a huge difference, since you don't have to deal with the mess of relational DB migrations. I'll never develop a system using a relational DB again if I can avoid. > Now I'm not anti-MongoDB, I'm just saying you shouldn't give it credit for something that relational database do just fine. No, it can't. Sorry, it absolutely can't. > If you add a default value it locks the table and re-writes it. > However, if you don't add a default value postgres will perform the operation instantly. And in MongoDB you don't have to change anything in the DB (hence, no downtime). It's all in your code. Yes, I can add a field in PGSQL, then my ORM quits on me (because I can't have a optional field, of course). Or I can use hand written SQL at which point it adds a couple of months to my schedule. Or I can use migrations + ORM like Ruby migrations or South (Django). They will blow up for anything slightly more complex. I also can't use the old version of the DB, so my old backups just became more troublesome to recover. And that's why Facebook and others don't user relational anymore. Sure, you can use MySQL or PG, but the real data is stored in a text or binary blob. Exactly VC++ is much easier to work with than GCC on Windows (and I'm not talking only IDE but API support, debugging, binary size, etc) Also, video driver support is best on Windows. But of course, demos are made for Linux/OSX as well. You can try them on Wine as well under Linux, it's worth a shot. There are several reasons to use C++: Qt, STL just to name a few. C++ is much more powerful than C. C is more 'well behaved', surely, but productivity is an important issue. Especially for desktop applications, and embedded applications, C++ is killer. And of course your mileage may vary. But you're welcome trying to run Java in an embedded system (Android hw requirements are way above most embedded systems out there, like set top boxes, network devices, etc) Add the semicolon "but but but" add the semicolon There's so much FOR it, it's unbelievable. Yes, it's good to 'break the rules' now and then. Add the semicolon This is not about if JS allows it or not. It's important, but mostly irrelevant. You can also not add 'var' to JS variables unless needed. That's going to be a lot of fun when it goes wrong. But here are the million dollar questions: 1 - How much time is spent making it work without a semicolon as opposed to just typing it? This is not about typing ';' - time for that is irrelevant, but the mental effort of doing so 2 - How much time will it be wasted to fix minifiers (that is, add to them the intricacies of no-semi colon parsing and probably having to write a whole different parser) 3 - How much mental effort is needed to comprehend and correctly fix non semicolon code Number 3 is the biggest issue and if you don't believe me it goes by another name: coding standard Yes, JS works without semicolons. And yes, C works without indenting, without meaningful names to variables, etc. It's not about "to write JS you should know all the nitty-gritty rules of the language and you're stupid if you don't know them so you just add semicolons". It's about teamwork, and facilitating code comprehension (and maintenance). And language designers make mistakes. They don't know if a feature is going to become a trap, irrelevant to 99% of developers (and with an easy workaround) or just a pain in the behind. Well, everybody is going to have some amount of nostalgia, for better or worse. Especially from things that relate to childhood/teen years. Not only on the internet space, but "80's/90's parties", reliving the experiences, etc. In a sense, it's very important. The 70's, the 80's and the 90's have been a period of extreme experimentation and learning in culture and technology. In music, cinema, computers, technology, etc The appeal of this era, I believe, comes from the limitations and the 'quirkiness' of things evolving. See how 8-bit limitations have created a culture and a aesthetics of its own. Games don't need MIDI music anymore, resolution is not a limiting factor and we can get almost picture perfect images in real time. How games were designed on the Apple II has its relevance, in both cultural and technical terms. The main point of the 'internet culture' is facilitating the storage and sharing of these old contents. In a culture preservation sense this is very important. How much money is spent by studios to conserve a copy of their old movies. Try playing the old VHS tapes in your (or your parents) basement. Oh you don't have a VCR anymore?! Storing them in YT (or in a digital format) and sharing can preserve the cultural value of the content. There are 2 issues there 1 - yes, screens are huge, but it doesn't mean people can/will use small fonts or will scroll the screen With today's big/wide screens it's more useful to have code side by side. 2 - Abuse. The 80 character limit is a pretty good indicator that you should be doing something else instead of having your code go over 80 characters. Long lines are confusing, and you most likely can split the logic in several lines, facilitating maintenance. Yeah I used to prefer tabs as well, and I still stand by it. But you can always configure your editor to use 4 spaces. And 4 spaces looks like 'less wasted space'. I'll keep using tabs for some things, and 4 spaces to most professional projects. About 2 spaces I'll just say one thing: NO Oops! You're absolutely right! I just 'forgot' about The Beatles, The Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan (amongst others) As having gone to engineering school, I agree with you. But the main issue is that most technical courses are given by people with a strong foothold in academia (and a lack of knowledge of "the outside world") Good teachers go a long way, you have to be aware of the issues to realize they're happening once in the "real world". You have to know the technical aspecsts, but if you restrict yourself to that, you'll spend your life in Dilbert's world unable to change things. And when it's your turn to lead, you'll do exactly the same as your boss did. This list is very important, and the most amazing thing is how many people don't know 10% of it, even in companies! I suppose the issue is slightly deeper than "users want to see their movies without letterboxing" Sure, you could simply slap any resolution in a PC monitor. But if you keep the aspect rate constant across devices, you can easily change displays. Why? Example: 2nd monitor, and especially the big screen TVs that are being used in place of projectors nowadays. Funny that the 13' MacBooks (Pro/Air) still have a 1.6 (16:10) ratio, and the 11' has a 16:9 ratio Amazing! At first I thought it was something even lower-level (that is, a true magnetic scanner that didn't depend on existing disk drives - there are solutions like that for shattered HD plates and disks, but I'm assuming it's very expensive) But I don't know much about floppy drives to say what are the limitations of using a standard floppy reader. Actually the main issue is: Sure, you can run an Amazon EC2 machine 24/7 (and get a 'competitive price') But if that's your main usage pattern, go for Rackspace, Linode, etc EC2 really shines on 'on demand' computing. Turning it up to 11 when you need it and decomissioning it soon after. Sure, it's usual to keep 1 or 2 machines working full time. Whereas in Rackspace what you do is start a machine (you can pick from several configs) and have it running permanently. And AWS offer several services that are still sometimes missing from the competition (like CloudFront, Route53, etc) Beautiful! It's very difficult to assemble a circuit without a substract (PCB or other), and those wires aren't going to stay straight by themselves. The shining capacitors are a special touch (I guess he removed the plastic cover on them) I'm not sure about the sound quality though. Not really. A headphone (even a big one) uses little power. For this amp, output power is around 200mW apparently. Sure, acrylic is not the best conductor of heat around, but I'm guessing the tight coupling to the chip casing and low power makes it a non issue. I see one exception to this rule, and it's something very specific. If you're dealing with a very specific knowledge or domain and you're an expert in that field, I guess you could be a "technical non-coder" For example: healthcare/medical, economy, statistics, etc Some of those can work their way around Matlab for example, but not create something on the web Of course. Concorde was shut down for economic reasons. But it was also the first interaction of the concept, and built with very inefficient technology. The Space Shuttle flew for the first time 5 years after Concorde began commercial service. How many improvements have we seen in commercial aviation technology: better engines, better aerodynamics (and CFD), lighter materials, fly-by-wire If a new SST is ever designed it will probably sill be inefficient, but ahead of the original Concorde. You probably wouldn't need it to go Mach 2 for example, maybe Mach 1.5 saves enough time on a trip to justify it. Not to mention the issue that Concorde had Economy class seats with First class price. This I haven't tried ML yet. My MBP is brand new (bought in January 2012), factory configuration (4GB RAM, Lion) If you use it 'lightly' (that is, only Safari open) it's a breeze. But of course, it's never only that if you want to do any work. Frankly, 4 GB should be enough! My past machine (with 3GB - and Linux) would rarely swap (in fact I could keep swap off and use a Windows 7 VM) But you can go only so far with an aging CPU Some of the slowness can be attributed to Safari/Firefox, sure But it really seems to have something wrong. Maybe they really neglected people with spinning disks. (Yes, I considered buying a MacBook Air but 128Gb was not enough for me and the other options were above my budget) I think there's an exageration as well, today the trend seems to be "use nothing by the distro" Ok, sure, MongoDB still changes a lot between versions, in this case you should use the latest version. But stop there. Especially if you're paying for support (like RHEL) There should be a good reason for you to compile Apache / MySQL / PostgreSQL / Python. Otherwise, use the distro version. One (common) exception would be "we need Python 2.7 but this ships only 2.6" Most of the "just download and compile" have no idea of the work that goes behind Linux distributions to ship these packages. Yes, I'm sure you're going to read all security advisories and recompile all your stack every X days instead of running apt/yum upgrade You're right, sorry about that ;) Guess I was thinking too much about the "compile everything" people. Great article, btw! Humm... no Profitability is more important. There are examples to the contrary (Tumblr, Pinterest, Instagram, etc) but if you're profitable this means you are providing a worthy service (unless you're in the 'Nigerian Prince' business), and people are willing to pay you! Never underestimate the power of people actually paying you. A cutoff is good, but a triggered alarm would go a long way. For example in Linode you can configure trigger conditions for CPU (triggers in x% cpu for y time) and Network usage (there are other conditions as well) Very useful for flagging suspicious activity (or just plain accidents) >> The heavy regulation is not preventing competition. The heavy regulation is just providing a minimum base for that competition. >> The problem is with the utterly broken system of US healthcare. These are not uncorrelated. They are heavily correlated. Sure you can do everything by the book, and then you end up with $4000 or more for a SIMPLE thing. And of course, people can say "lawyers ruin everything", but I'd like to add "crybaby patients ruin everything" as well. Because if the manufacturer of the machine allows configuration you can be certain someone, if the machine asks for 1+1 they will type 3 and die as a result. >> It was, however, strange to need a prescription to buy a machine Well, people need a prescription for glasses, so not that strange afterall. I suppose if you know your prescription (only the values) they won't give you the glasses, it has to be a proper prescription This is not true for contact lenses You are required to present a prescription and give the doctor's name to buy online e.g. http://www.coastal.com/new-visitors.ep?ilid=lnav Also, the requirement of a prescription to buy glasses varies from country to country.