http://arxiv.org/ My current-model MacBook Air would be perfect with 1TB SSD and 16GB RAM,and removable battery. Yes, I would accept the portability hit. It's fast enough, and I'm deeply relieved that the backlit keyboard returned. This site may provide some help. They sold licensed fabric items on eBay that contained Disney characters. Repeat, licensed. Disney tried to take them down using DMCA and other strongarm tactics. They won against Disney using DIY techniques--no lawyers involved! I know it's not the same situation but you would be well advised to visit their site at http://www.tabberone.com/Trademarks/Articles/Tabberone/Fight... A lovely tribute, and a view of retirement that matches mine completely. One might also add simply that, Calvinistic though this may be, work is good for us. My father retired at 59 for reasons that are still unclear to me (he loved his job) and died a year later. Wonderfully written and a page turner. Bookmarked it but ended up devouring the thing in one sitting. Deserves widespread publication. Guo is a remarkable dude, and brutally honest. It's a tale of perseverance and canny self-promotion from a guy who is spectacularly good at learning from failure. I felt an almost parental joy upon reading the outcome. Publish this on Kindle, Mr. Guo! Andrew Youderian's posts are always perceptive. As a dude who runs all his own blogs, I have to admit he has me thinking twice about the whole self-hosting thang. Good for sites I know will achieve limited traffic (like my HOA), but WPEngine may be worth considering for bigger commercial sites. I do loves my own plugins, though. Text-only cached page: http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:http://... Incredibly perceptive and amazingly employee-centric. I've learned a lot of this the hard way. i didn't know there was a cross-platform emoji problem Politically incorrect question for Rebol jocks: Doesn't Red ( http://www.red-lang.org/ ) appear to have the vitality lost years ago by Rebol? Am seriously not trying to be rude to Carl Sassenrath, Rebol's inventor. Just discovered Rebol lately so am not very tuned in to the ecosystem. But Red has been open source for some time, it appears to be dramatically faster, and seems to be free of Carl's understandable urges to keep some kind of control in an anarchic world? I say this as someone trying to decide which one to invest my very limited non-work time in one of these two very worthy projects. http://www.web2py.com By far the most comprehensive, most underrated Python framework (actually, any web framework) that I know of. Incredibly complete library. Fantastic community. Most responsive project creator/manager-place is a dream. Agree with the conclusion, but some of the reasoning is unsound. This statement is patently untrue: "This doesn’t mean you can attract smart hackers to your language just by running an advertising campaign though. Sun tried that with Java, but a: their marketing was too explicit, and it just seemed like one company trying to push its own technology, and b: Java itself is a detestable language. So, in addition, it seems like language quality is not something you can make up for in marketing." It implies that Java failed in the marketplace. It did not. It has taken and kept huge market share. Sadly, it is the language most employers are hiring for. I would rather poke myself in the eye with a pencil than program in Java, but it has most certainly succeeded in the enterprise. Little puzzled here. How is it a "mistake"? A mistake is dropping a teacup while you're washing dishes. This is a deliberate act of ridicule. Little puzzled here. How is it a "mistake"? A mistake is dropping a teacup while you're washing dishes. This is a deliberate act of ridicule. I use all-free photos from these places http://morguefile.com/ http://www.photorack.net/ http://publicdomainclip-art.blogspot.com/ (found at article: http://webmarketingfree.com/free/royalty-free-photos-top-3-f... ) We all know these things never work as well as the demos. Well... this worked as well as the demo. Better, actually--I was literally finished before I knew it because I didn't see the real-time update on the right at first. A deceptively simple UI and beautifully implemented. Useful, well conceived--I'm quite impressed. Are there any pictures of completed WikiHouses anywhere? Couldn't find one via web search. This also serves as a clear illustration of SQLite internals and DBMS internals in general without thick clots of rubbish jargon. Nice. If you're interested in database implementation this neatly covers a multitude of topics. That's awesome, because I almost never rent clerks. Ba dum dum. We do get that she was an admitted terrorist and conspired to murder a man, right? http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Emma_Goldman#Homestead_plot Been a while since I looked at ELF but it would sure be nice if it used, say, a well-defined ELF subset to make use of the many ELF tools out there already. Amazing how much you wedged into 995 bytes. I have to admit, I would have been willing to pay 997 or 988 bytes for it, but I'm a big spender ;-) A lot of jargon. Not much information. It did not inspire me to visit his blog. "Colleague" is the term used in some European languages. But really--get over yourselves. No one really cares. Thank you for pointing out lobste.rs. I like it. Can you issue me an invite?