Do what WordPress.com does - only show ads to people who come in from search engines AND don't have a "I've been to WordPress.com before" cookie. That way your regular users will never see an ad, but the people most likely to click on ads (external visitors in "search mode") will. Make sure your regulars know that this is going on though, or they may feel you are being dishonest with them. My impression was that they moved to asp.net when they were having scaling problems and Microsoft promised them free consulting to solve those problems... provided they switched to .NET. For me it's all down to philosophy. Prototype adds a bunch of global variables and extends loads of built-in ojbects. That's fine, unless you ever want to include code that has a different idea about how any of those extensionss should work (like mooTools, which I also avoid on philosophical grounds). jQuery adds just one global variable (called jQuery) along with a revertible alias (the $ symbol). That pretty much guarantees jQuery will work flawlessly with any other code. Read Cal Henderson's book "Building Scalable Web Sites". The JavaScript you described exists - it's called dojox.comet, and it looks like this: dojox.cometd.init(' http://example.com/cometd' ); dojox.cometd.subscribe('/channel', callback); That's basically what you described, but with the additional concept of "channels" to make it easy to support lots of different event streams. I wrote more about this here: http://simonwillison.net/2007/Dec/5/comet/ I disagree: just like Ajax, Comet is a very necessary buzzword. The technology behind Comet existed for years before the term "Comet" was coined, but very few developers were aware of it because there wasn't a good term for it. The same is true of Ajax. In fact, Comet was coined precisely because the term "Ajax" had had such a large influence on adoption of the underlying technology. Vocabulary is important. I've implemented it, and I use it on a handful of sites that support it (various blogs, Highrise, BlinkSale). Looks nice. Dumb feature request: how about custom subdomains? http://subject.linkherd.com/ suggests more of a standalone community than linkherd.com/subject . I've used wildcard DNS for this kind of thing in the past (e.g. simon.idproxy.net ) OpenID support would be nice too ;) Having links like /django/78/up/ is a CSRF attack just waiting to happen - you should turn them in to POST forms (preferably with some unobtrusive Ajax) and add a form key to prevent people from tricking other logged in users in to up-voting stories. Form tokens are more robust - some people strip referrers (sometimes even at the firewall level) to prevent information leakage from their corporate intranets. "Didn't seem very modular, you can only use the Django ORM and templating engine." Very common misunderstanding. You can use Django with SQLAlchemy (I have done in the past). You can use Django with Genshi, or Cheetah, or whatever template engine you like (I would strongly recommend using something like Genshi for outputting XML). It's usually better to stick with the Django ORM though as it will let you use many of the excellent extension applications for Django (such as django-mptt, django-tagging or the Django admin package). The same is not true for the Django template system - replacing it with something else has no disadvantages at all that I can think of. "Just because it's included doesn't mean you have to use it" sounds like a pretty good argument to me. The Python standard library has hundreds of modules that most people never touch, but no one complains that it's too heavyweight. Django tries to take the same "batteries included" philosophy. Where do you live? I know plenty of places in the UK (especially London) that are hiring... Client-side encryption wouldn't protect you against that site turning evil and deciding to steal your passwords - they'd just have to change their code to decrypt your passwords and then post them back to the server. I don't see your point. If I steal the password for your e-mail somehow, I can access your inbox (through webmail or POP or whatever) and then use "I forgot my password" on sites you use to steal your accounts there. If you use webmail and don't delete your e-mail I can search through your inbox to figure out what those sites are. Seems like a pretty serious single point of failure to me. OpenID is not a replacement for your users table. The first time someone logs in with an OpenID you haven't seen before, there's nothing to stop you from asking them for their e-mail address (you can even send them a challenge e-mail if you want to be sure). All OpenID really does is provides your users with an alternative to setting up Yet Another username and password just for your site. It also lets people opt-in to correlate their accounts across multiple services, which is useful for both you and for them. If OpenID meant giving up the user database (the crown jewels of any site) it wouldn't have a chance of being adopted by anyone. jQuery. I don't need classes and inheritance (I use closures for pretty much everything you would use a class for, and on the occasions that I do need either classes or inheritance it really isn't that much trouble to roll them from scratch) and philosophically I much prefer jQuery's approach of only adding one global symbol to my namespace v.s. Prototype adding global symbols all over the place. This isn't new - it's probably Wikipedia's best kept secret though. It first got saved to del.icio.us in November 2006: http://del.icio.us/url/08d335d4c1d2f491cc70e1bf61e5d880 My least favourite phrase in the English language has to be "they must have too much time on their hands" in response to something creative but niche (re-creating Star Wars in animated ASCII art, for example). My usual response these days is "at least they weren't just watching TV". Extension-less URLs are great, but I'm not a fan of content negotiation. I like to be able to copy and paste a URL to someone and know that they are going to retrieve the same piece of content as I did. I don't like language negotiation for the same reason - if someone finds a typo on my French language site and sends me a link to the page but I see it in English I won't know what they're talking about. Seconded - really excellent podcast, also a great way of catching up on what's happened in the past week. That article says nothing of the sort - it says that the designers and IAs (who are presumably the people who build the site "templates") hand code their markup, but it makes no claims about the content producers who are actually posting up stories on a day-to-day basis. They certainly use a CMS, but there's no indication of whether they author in HTML, use some kind of WYSIWYG interface or use some other form of markup. In my experience, the thing people have most trouble with using Subversion is moving directories around. They expect to be able to open up the Finder (on OS X) and drag a folder somewhere else - but doing so without using "svn move" results in massive confusion later on as the hidden .svn directory gets moved at the same time, breaking things. Many (all?) distributed systems solve this issue by keeping repository metadata in one place at the root of the project rather than spreading it around in lots of .svn folders.