Being from the midwest as well, I was horrified when I moved to phoenix and saw all the millionaires driving in their $60,000-$80,000 cars. Then I found out that the majority of the people driving those things make $80-$140,000 a year. People out here tend to live at the ends of their means. Its a cultural thing. Some of the best conversations I've ever had with people at coffee shops have started because of laptops. "Whoa, is that one of those XO laptops? Do you like it? Can I try?" I run a site called http://www.gibsonandlily.com all the people that post there are nerds, but it is mostly non-tech news...we kindof joke that we're like reddit and digg...but for adults. I'm on this "diet" and have lost about 45 pounds so far. Getting skinny always seemed like black voodoo or something. Looking at it the way I would look at hacking together a system made it really, really, really easy. What city are you in? Go get some Yerba Matte, the loose kind. But about 1cm of it in the bottom of a french press, and about 2cm of milk in the bottom of a 20oz glass. Mix. Then add a few squirts of peppermint. (like 4 squirts). I'm serious, this concoction has gotten me through more all-nighter-afters than anything else ever. Has anybody ever seen this website before? It feels like if you hired a "webmaster" from the mid 1990s to build you a domain parking page. It is AWFUL. Ummmm...it sounds like the guy totally violated google's terms of service. He was hosting ads on a domain-squatting site that had no content. The advertisers were refunded their money, and the guy's account was closed down. As somebody that buys ads from google, I would be pretty pissed off if I found out that i was paying $1 a click for my ads to be on a parked domain...which is why they have their terms set up the way they are. Yeah, it sounds like the appeals process sucks, and that they didn't give him a real reason, but "you are a leeching douche-bag cancer to the DNS" should be a pretty good hint. are you kidding? They're protecting the people that buy ads from them, people like me , people with no advertising budget that are just trying to get a few people to check out their stupid blog ( http://www.gibsonandlily.com ). Those ads cost something like $1 a click (or more). If I found out that my tiny tiny budget was going to ads on some stupid domain parking website, I would be LIVID. Yeah, google terminated his account. They did it to protect people like me, and they are the reason the reason that people like me use them. I'm sorry, but domain parking/squatting/tasting/leeching/whatever-you-want-to-call-it is an instant failure in my book. oh come on, you've got to at least plug your comic! What, you mean you don't want to talk to their nephew who is "also really into those computer things" (read: plays a lot of world of warcraft). Yes, I'm bitter. It annoys me that people thing that IT consists of helping you with your num lock button, blocking them from porn, and doing lots of things with cables. Can you make a social networking site for me? You'll have to do it for free, but I'll give you some of the stock. or inquire_cost(build_social_networking_site); while cost > 100 { bitch() moan() ask again() } a non-geek sees them as the same thing. Fire up web-browser->enter web address->Log In->Click on new messages Its the same as logging in to yahoo or aol for them...we see the difference becuase (i imagine) most of us have built mail servers. We know all about smtp and pop and imap. Most of us don't see facebook as email because we're thinking about the back-end of things. Where are you at in IA? /iowan that fled to phoenix and now regrets it.. He got sick of people asking him if he could make the buttons cornflower blue. I think that, if we're talking about the level of traffic that I think we're talking about here, it would almost HAVE to be a botnet. either that, or somebody at one of the bandwidth providers got really really pissed off at you...if the later is the case the guy (or girl...they can be vindictive as hell) has probably already been fired since, you know, they sortof monitor these sorts of things. Some people spent their high school years learning programming languages and reading books written by dead guys. To these people, living in your jeep is a LOT less scary that asking one of your classmates if you can sleep on her couch. I also just want to chime in and say that I absolutely HATE websites that feel like they're been over-designed. perfect = hackernews horrible = digg.com I feel like the "uses webframework python $buzzword, javascript $buzzword $buzzword $buzzword" speaks to this. SOOO many websites have got too many distracting buttons and things to click on, and no actual content . Look at something like craigslist...its perfect. It's clean, and it gives you only the information that you want. Look at hackernews...same thing, nothing but content...yes there is some of that web2.0 (i hate that term) sauce on it, but it is a compliment to the content, not the main attraction of the site. I hate seeing these print publications go, but I can't say that I'm going to do anything to stop it... They're just too expensive. $6 for a magazine (or more)? When I can get the exact same thing (or a better alternative) online for free so long as I am willing to lend my eyeballs to some advertisers, I am not going to cough up my hard-earned cash just so I can get that joyous tactile feedback of a magazine. If these magazines want to differentiate themselves from their online counterparts they're going to need to show us, their consumers, that they can do a better job than the bloggers. That is a huge task when you're competing against bloggers who are living the life that they're writing about (I'm looking at you, Bruce Schneier). Look, a magazine is a delivery mechanism. If you want to start a magazine you have to create your content, then find a publisher to publish it and distribute it, you (or your publisher) have to eat the cost of magazines that don't sell. You need to fill a whole however many pages long your magazine is. The internet is also a delivery mechanism, the difference is that if you build the content and put it on the digital newstands like reddit,digg, or gibsonandlily.com costs you absolutely nothing, infinitely less than it would cost to put it on its real-world counterpart. Print media is dying, or is already dead. Things like Communication Arts, or Print (these are both graphic design magazines) can, I think, remain in business, but the bubble-gum poppy trip such as 17 magazine, or Cosmo are going to disappear shortly (if they haven't already). Note...me mentioning 17 and Cosmo isn't because I'm a male chauvinist bastard, it's because I grew up in a house with 5 sisters...the house was littered with these magazines. Are you asking what HN's users have created as far as news aggregators go? http://www.gibsonandlily.com is mine. Its moderated, but I feel like it has a pretty good, pretty tight-knit community :) edit/erase: I just read the rest of this thread and time_management is an idiot that probably SHOULD be seeking therapy. Token Ring. Did he call it a magazine? Came here to say this. When I first landed, I thought the buttons on the right were something like what digg has, then I thought that they were the dates of some blog posts. I finally realized that they were points like digg has (I think?). An about section would be a good idea too. Is this place for short stories? Novels? Comics? What? Also, the meat of the page seems to be too...centered? For some reason my eyeballs like things to be on the left side of a page and not in the center. Just my 0.02 We're all geeks (and most of us are also programmers and webdevs) here. Howabout a technical description of whats going on instead of a canned response? If some of us using an older browser is going to break stuff serverside then I think you've probably got some major issues to work through. Howabout a "No, thanks. I'll risk it. LEMME IN!" button?