Did anyone record the stream? I couldn't see it live. Did you find any links? Agreed. On the other hand, popularity of Chrome helps Mozilla not to relax and to push forward. I like Firefox for extreme customizability. Nothing matches that and Chrome is nowhere close to it. If you are interested in assisting an open source mobile project, why not to give a hand to Mer and Nemo Mobile? http://merproject.org/ http://wiki.merproject.org/wiki/Nemo It's good to be distanced from this kind of crowd ;) Microsoft using Ogg Theora? That's a breakthrough. In some ways it's better, in many others it's still the same (bad wise). They were rather chilled off about WebM, so I wouldn't expect them to be interested in Ogg Theora either. Here is one for Star Trek fans: play -c2 -n synth whitenoise band -n 100 24 band -n 300 100 gain +20 Anonymizer is your friend. Well, let's give him credit. That staffer was at least honest. These congressmen aren't stupid, they well know that they support censorship and that's what all these PIPA and SOPA are about - censorship. And the fact that they don't openly speak about it doesn't change the essence. But they are scared of publicity still. So thank you for publishing this encounter. It really needs a broader coverage. Yes, America can rightly be called corporate ruled for the most part. So he doesn't really care about average public. He cares about corporations and their money. Sure it's dangerous. For MPAA's intents to have low publicity for that bill that is. Posted workaround doesn't really work. The problem is not only DRM, but lock in into Apple. Using iTunes is not acceptable, it's not interoperable. All this are just dirty tactics from Apple to lock users into their iTunes infrastructure. One wouldn't be able to use those textbooks anywhere outside iTunes, therefore it's defective by design and authors shouldn't fall for it. What if someone doesn't want to use iPad? You can't make one tablet type mandatory to read a textbook. That's ridiculous. The problem is two fold here. Apple pushes lock in on authors and schools, which causes students lock in. It's a vicious cycle. Therefore I don't really get what is so exciting about it. Do you think someone here really considers vendor lock in a positive thing? Accessing physical textbook can't be mandatory, since you can get it in a number of ways (buy it, go to the library, borrow from your friend etc.). DRM locked in ebook is much worse. You are forced to get iTunes/Apple device to access it. You don't get it. Your choice is limited. With physical text book - you can get any of those choices, including buying the book. With DRM + vendor locked ebook you can't buy and use it if your device doesn't fit into the vendor's plan. We aren't in the stone age of computing anymore. Interoperability and open standards are intended to avoid exactly this problem. There is a key difference. Those limitations of the physical books which you mentioned are inherent in the book itself. I.e. there is no way to implement a downloadable physical book and etc. Limitations of the DRM / vendor locked in ebook aren't inherent, they are imposed by interest of the vendor (Apples interest in the market share for their devices in this case). I.e. there IS a way to implement ebooks in another fashion, which won't limit interoperability and will promote more choice. But Apple is knowingly pushing worse approach, that's why it should be criticized. Doesn't seem indifferent to me. Looks more like cognitive dissonance, when people just pretend that something they don't like to accept doesn't exist. And when you point out the exact problem they only get more upset. No, changing that option doesn't really affect anything. Depends on what you understand by "aggressive". Energetic, active, pushing for opportunities and so on? Or being cruel, damaging to others and not caring about side effects for the sake of the goal?