LOL As if Apple is the root of all problems. As if Foxconn only manufacture products from Apple. As if people are FORCED to work in those conditions. As if they DONT have a choice of not working there. And i am sorry peeps, what happen if Apple suddenly decide to double pay Foxconn? What happens if EVERYONE double pay them? Would those people get double their salary? And it is great that Foxconn are now considering using Advance robotics instead, more people Jobless, more people suffer. Oh, and i forgot, American has once been through this stage as well, and looking from the web it is obvious they dont teach history there. Late to the Discussions, but i am surprise no one has mentioned atmail -www.atmail.com They have a cloud solution too. Personally i think this is the best email services. In the end it is about trust. Sometimes i just wish ISP would provide better DNS services. Well at least it is some great idea to look into. Although M$ has a habit of copying other people's idea and make it WORST. Another day to go before Windows 8 CP. I thought i was the only one who see this. Why haven't the blog been updated to something much more useful? Could someone care to expand and explain more on this? 1.They aren't really cash, they are cash equivalent. And it is interesting for other company, Newspaper only signal out what is really "cash" and leave those "cash equivalent" like bonds as separate thing. 2. Apple likes to have some money in the bank, so they dont need to borrow on anything. 3. Over 60% of its co called cash are overseas. Which means they cant really do anything with it. 4. The other 40%, are used for operational cost, paying big in front for favorable price, R&D, and even acquiring companies. 5. Apple has LOTS of High Profile Stores. Those Stores are long terms liabilities, and they do cost a bit operate. In the case of another huge economy downturn, those cash are what makes them stay afloat. I was actually wondering what happens if Apple do have 100B to buy into bonds or what ever, that is 2B a year of interest coming from it. I thought of the same as well, would really like some constructive discussion on the differences. Just a few things about not only a language barrier, but more importantly a culture barrier. Language Barrier is easier to break. Then there is the obvious, IRC always tends to get lots of slang and jokes, that even Brits from UK wouldn't get what that US American are laughing about. And this put off a lot of Eastern Developers. P.S - Nice to know DS read HN. I read a paper about it recently, and it states while everything is good, it will still takes years of research and development, trial and testing before it moves into deployment stage. So unless someone with many BILLIONS decide to tackle the problem, the time it takes Thorium to get traction making it not really an alternative ATM. We know this for a long time. Few years down the road in sub 10nm, we will reach the era where we cant shrink transistor endlessly. The problem with chip stacking on die is how to get rid of the heat passing through each layer. Stacking in itself has proven to be feasible by the Memory Cube. Where Heat isn't much of a concern. I wonder if Github will offer anything similar? Or will 37signal and GitHub merge one day? It will still take time to build Bring in new customers who are using Hipchat Bring in new talent. Half of your dev team uses IE o.O ?? JD is very good, but sorry to say he is not even close to being next SJ. I was guessing it would be GitHub. Buying Back Stocks or Dividend doesn't do any good for Apple, Apart from its shareholders. I am thinking on Worldwide Data Carrier Network. But Apple doesn't own ANY frequency spectrum. And there isn't a single worldwide common Whitespace for them to use. Buying Intel isn't out of reach. You only need 51% of Intel Stocks. And Apple can afford that. IT fits them in many ways. And i think Intel is pretty cheap for its price in terms of investment. Although i doubt that is realistically possible. That is another part i like about Server Side Rendering. You have much more control. Rendering Web Page would work well with your 1Ghz Machine. Email From Mediatemple, (mt) mail, which itself is based on Atmail You could get a Cloud Based version of Atmail from atmailcloud.com/ I think they are really expensive. I still found it hard to believe no one could beat the price on StormOnDemand.... I am still skeptical..... because of how good they sound and how cheap they are. And Yet no one mention them ANY where. For example HPcloud bandwidth is 3x the price. And HPcloud does not even offer Regional Hosting like AWS does. They only good thing i see is Akamai CDN. I hope they will offer DNS from Akamai as well. P.S - I am not in anyway connected to LiquidWeb / StormOnDemand. Is making those compiler features simple and easy? I was wondering why Rails.app need $25,000 while this is like half the price. I have no idea about broad meetings, how many % do you need in meetings to make such a move? I was under the assumption you only need over 50%, which he has already. Or is it different US? Why the heck are they making an Old, soon to be unused Ruby 1.8.3 as ISO standard. They should be thinking about 2.0 instead. But LuaJIT 2 is insanely fast, even the Heavy / Fast Ruby isn't even anywhere near its speed. So why would one choose mRuby over Lua? I am not sure if anyone on HN know what is Line. Since US / EU uses Whatsapp.