Is there anywhere to eat on Sandhill Road? It's kind of funny that Sevin Rosen is giving up at the same time Sequoia is scoring on this scale. I'm tuned... what do you mean? this story's still not #1 Can you do it again? yet another advantage of being in the Bay Area very funny, ethan Thanks for the suggestion. If anyone else has suggestions, let us know in the comments on this thread. This is from that terrible book by Nesheim. I wouldn't trust anything he says. Making the site invite-only would be the opposite of what we want. One of the goals of this site is to discover smart people we might not otherwise notice when they apply for funding. Doing things through connections works well in the VC world. Because of the large investments they make, they're more conservative. But in the seed funding business you need to be aggressively democratic. Yeah, I know. The site is at least simple and functional, but we should (and will) make it look better soon. I noticed a several people suggesting features in other threads, so I'm starting one explicitly for that. I know there's a lot that needs improving; the site is pretty bare-bones at this stage. So propose whatever new features you think we need, and vote for the ones that you want most. Spam actually showed up the first day. Fortunately we already had good tools for dealing with it. Not logging users out when we restart the server. (If you find yourself suddenly logged out, that's why. Sorry, will fix.) See http://ycombinator.com/s2007.html for details. The application form lives at http://news.ycombinator.com/apply. Probably time to make urls in comments turn into links. Can you let me know precisely how to reproduce it? Has anyone else experienced anything like this? I hope we can tell the difference between people who are smart and those who are merely articulate. (We all have a lot of experience dealing with hackers, after all.) The server's written in Arc too. I wanted to learn how to write one. We won't clutter it up. Look how minimal the YC site itself is. Several of the startups we've funded use S3, and they seem to like it. That was a bug, not a design choice; I just fixed it. Adam's startup is making software that works closely with Outlook. In that sort of application it might make sense to use Java or C#. We never proposed there was no lower bound; the goal was more to discover where it was. And we now have, I think. Though in fact the main thing we discovered was how fuzzy it is. There really are people who can start a startup when they're 19. Sam Altman, the founder of Loopt, was 19. But for most people the lower bound is about 22. One reason is that most people need to experience what a job is like to be sufficiently motivated to avoid it. Another is that few people are forceful enough at 19. This is weird. I believe you, but I can't reproduce it. Can you send me an email at pg@ycombinator.com? It wouldn't work to assemble teams of cofounders. A startup puts such strains on your friendship that you need it to be an established one.