The article is looking at it all wrong. To solve a problem, start by looking at those that already solved it. Then, see if you can apply that. Mainframes have long had ridiculously high utilization and throughput. Secret is their I/O architecture: computing happens on compute nodes and I/O is managed by I/O processors, both of which are well-integrated. If Intel etc copy this, they'll get much higher utilization and throughput. Smart embedded engineers do the same thing albeit with microcontrollers. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/I/O_channel A hardware engineer told me in discussions on chip subversion that BS like this is common in SOC's, too. He said they're so expensive to develop that vendors often include the functionality of all their chips in one design. Then, they flip a switch on the chip to enable or disable specific functionality. This means they all cost the same to make but they can give you specific features at specific prices. Hard disk makers do it too where you bought a "120GB" drive that uses same eg 1TB platter as the rest but firmware restricts user to 120GB. You can't be sure whats in it unless a company such as Chipworks tears it down piece by piece and wire by wire. Sneaky is the norm in hardware. The firmware on the device is a black box that controls a more complex black box in an undocumented way and where errors can break it. You don't JUST swap the firmware out. Even so, he may have meant it in the context of the onboard software and modifiable hardware (eg switch they flip at factory to permanently set behavior). Sometimes a hardware engineer will call both firmware speaking shorthand. If it was the latter, you're unlikely to change it because they blow a physical fuse (antifuse?) inside the chip. Some IP vendors are also offering encryption, tamper-sensing circuitry, and obfuscation to help chip-makers protect the systems better. They really want that extra few hundred dollars. ;) Yeah, that's what he said. So, that makes two of you saying this is industry standard for cost-cutting and increasing yield. I'd probably do the same if I made chips. We do it in security engineering for high assurance stuff for similar reasons: the more flexible, certified design can be reused in many applications with minimal extra work & (hopefully) max ROI. One thing that bothers me about the article is that it shows a recurring problem: IT not knowing what it knows. The NoSQL movement didn't notice that NonStop Architecture scaled linearly to thousands of cores with strong-consistency, five 9's, and SQL support. In the mid-80's. Instead of making a low-cost knockoff, like cluster movement did for NUMA's, they ditched consistency altogether and launched NoSQL movement. Now, I see man who invented CAP theorem discuss it while referencing all kinds of NoSQL options to show us the tradeoffs. Yet, there's Google services in production and tech such as FoundationDB doing strong consistency with distributed, high throughput and availability. http://www.theregister.co.uk/2012/11/22/foundationdb_fear_of... So, why aren't such techs mentioned in these discussions? I liked his explanation of the partitioning problem. Yet, he and NoSQL advocates seem unaware that numerous companies surmounted much of the problem with good design. We might turn CAP theorem into barely an issue if we can get the industry to put the amount of innovation into non-traditional, strong-consistency architectures as they did into weak-consistency architectures. There is hope: Google went from a famous, NoSQL player to inventing an amazing, strong-consistency RDBMS (F1). Let's hope more follow. https://static.googleusercontent.com/media/research.google.c... Good thinking, you two! The link shows that the black magic (spindle control, etc) is in a dedicated chip controlled by another chip. The "black box" controlling the "black box." I thought they'd be on the same chip and software package. That would increase risk. I didn't anticipate them putting it on a dedicated chip. It makes sense along some lines. So, that counts out at least one HD vendor from my claim. More could follow if they do something similar. Thanks for the article, too, as I enjoyed reading it. Yeah we do. My only guess is it's two things: (a) our industry is horrendous at communicating previous generation's wisdom in a usable way; (b) a social phenomenon. Quick example of the first are industry pro's locking up their good advice in obscure, expensive books and cutting edge research silo'd into ACM, IEEE, etc. The other is a social thing that leads to the "network" effect. People flock to something for whatever reason. This builds a community (or network) that entices others to join. That also tend to forget about other things and reinvent the wheel. Example: much of current work in Web applications aims to solve problems already solved in client-server apps with better efficiency, security, reliability, and portability. Even Facebook went back to that model for mobile IIRC. Good luck convincing most Web technologists to switch to client-server, though. Whoever solves both these problems will create ripple effects that grow innovation at a heightened, maybe exponentially better, pace. The reason will be a combination of avoiding wasted effort plus visibility into best efforts. I got ideas on Problem 1 but the best minds need to get on Problem 2: it's a gold mine if it's solved. I've edited my comment to give him that credit. I understand the CAP theorem applies to many things. The reason I tied NoSQL in is that it's often cited as the reason people traded away strong consistency. Yet, there were strongly-consistent setups with the desirable properties in production and in academia. He and others rarely mention them in such discussions. It's why I tied them together. True. I always expect this. Yet, Google doesn't fit that profile because they weren't just buying something that works: they were investing countless sums into geniuses and their projects trying to invent new things. It's at that point I expect companies to learn from the past and do better. In startup mode, I expect companies to do whatever works. Google's initial decisions were correct. Later, they dedicated expensive teams to inventing brand new solutions for about every aspect of their operation. That's when my critique apples. For instance, they might have looked at expensive NonStop, identified what they could copy with COTS tech, and made a cheap knockoff. They could've done the same with prior MPP or cluster tech which already scaled to thousands of nodes with open source management tools and microsecond latency. Much more efficient than web stacks, too. The one example I saw of them copying and improving past methods was Google File System. As I predicted, that good choice laid foundation for awesome stuff such as BigTable, Spanner, and F1. NoSQL movement's origins are highly debatable. Here's what I saw in its beginning: an explosion of articles on the subject after a few success stories about big companies doing massive scale on cheap servers. Zealots argued that mature, strong-consistency solutions had problems. So, instead of fixing those, we should just ditch them and strong consistency for The New, Great Thing. The only time I even saw a real analysis of cost-benefits was a few articles which focused on a narrow class of applications where data consistency didn't really matter. So, my conclusion was that the movement was two things: 95% a social phenomenon that happens with each IT fad; 5% a result of weaknesses of relational model and tools. That last part makes sense and is why I've always opposed RDBMS's. On your last point, do you have a citation that shows weak consistency databases offer enough integrity for "majority of use-cases?" I thought the majority of use cases for databases were protecting data that's important to a business: orders, billing, HR, inventory, customer information, and so on. I usually just tell them to use PostgresSQL and that covers it with high reliability. If you really can back your claim, though, I'll be glad to start transitioning my R&D toward designs that trade against integrity of data. Fighting the laws of physics is a great comparison. Every chip designer trying to create the illusion of a sequential (or multicore) machine with a specific memory model fights the laws of physics. So do people building bridges, designing planes, and trying to maintain space stations. The greatest weapon we have after human ingenuity is using good engineering principles built on what we've tried and learned. So, back to this current example. Synchronizing time was a huge problem for consistency. They had expensive, highly-custom datacenters throughout the world. Yet, there wasn't even a solution worth buying that wouldn't cost a fortune or need new infrastructure. An engineer noticed that a time-source existed which all datacenters could sync with using affordable, COTS equipment. One among others. So, they used that to solve the critical problem, solved other problems with other technologies, and integrated the resulting components into a solution to their real problem (F1). What I've just described is not a hack: it's Engineering 101. Identify the problem(s), look for known solutions to it, adapt them to your needs, and deliver the solution. Their use of GPS to solve a problem that otherwise would cost millions of dollars to solve is exemplary engineering. Given datacenter costs, using this at each one would barely be a blip on the budget sheet and will get easier to deploy as adoption increases (network effect). Software is their main skill. Yet, Google and Facebook have both been doing custom hardware for datacenters for years now. They're also funding academic R&D on chip design and such. Such companies needs also created an ecosystem offering things OpenFlow switches that are custom hardware implementations of radically different software. Intel and AMD are also both doing custom work for unnamed, datacenter companies. It's hearsay but I'd expect top players to be involved. So, they're already all well into the hardware business. The simple route, as I indicated, would be to copy, contract, or even buy a MPP vendor. In academia, MIT Alewife showed one custom chip was all that was necessary to build a NUMA-style, 512 node machine with COTS hardware. Existing, shared-nothing clusters already scaled higher than Google using custom chips for interconnect. One can buy cards or license the I.P for FPGAs, Structured-ASIC's, etc. Much software for compute and management was open source thanks to groups such as Sandia. And so on. Plenty to build on that's largely been ignored except in academia. Instead, they've largely invested in developing hardware and software to better support the inherently-inefficient, legacy software. So, they're doing the hardware stuff but just not imitating the best-of-breed solutions of the past or present. The only exception is OpenFlow: a great alternative to standard Internet tech that major players funded in academia and are putting in datacenters. Another success story is Microsoft testing a mid-90's approach of partitioning workloads between CPU's and FPGA's. So, they're... slowly... learning. Thanks for that awesome article! Interestingly, he used the same example I've been using in INFOSEC discussions online: Burroughs B5000. It was simply brilliant and still better at the core than anything I use today. Let me explain. There have been countless reliability and security problems that occur due to buffer, pointer, data becomes code, and interface errors. These are about 99% of worst problems. They happen because underlying Intel/IBM/RISC architecture treats all data the same... mostly. Plus, the systems languages (C/C++) are fundamentally broken far as preventing errors. The Burroughs team saw this [in 1961] and solved the problems at their source: CPU protection of pointers; CPU could tell code & data apart for security purposes; hardware-managed stack; CPU bounds-checked arrays; high-level language (Algol) for system code; interface types checked at compile & function-call time; hardware & software isolation of apps from OS. Good luck crashing or hacking that! So, I've read thousands of hardware, firmware, and software solutions to these problems. Yet, very few will straight up fix the problem at its source. That's despite the existence of a proven solution since 1961 that costs a mere two bits of tagging. I'll give up a single-digit percentage of memory with single-digit performance hit to stop 99% of attacks. I'll do it today. Yet, industry's latest solutions are detecting this little tactic, hardware extensions for that, and no solution to the actual problem. The failure of modern industry to do what Burrough's did, fix the underlying problem, is the source of most of our IT headaches. Aside from social reasons, backward compatibility with legacy is a big contributor. It's why heuristic-driven, software transformation systems such as Semantic Design's toolkit or Racket need a huge boost in R&D. Such tech is seeming like our only hope to getting legacy software onto better underlying platforms as nobody will pay for a human to understand and rewrite each codebase line for line, bug for bug. For (a), it's hard to say where the problem is: is it developers of new solutions who threw the baby out with the bathwater instead of fixing problems of proven methods? Or is it with demand side that's quick to jump on those new thing? Or is it demand side in the sense that they rarely fund solutions to problems with their almost-good-enough software? Hard for me to say. Interesting article. So, more confirmation C++ is inferior for writing predictable or high performance applications. I actually see an opportunity for a C-compatible or C-competitive systems language here to beat C++ at its own game. Zero-cost abstractions plus solving C++'s specific problems, painless C FFI, and compilation to C (or LLVM) to leverage their compilers. Might make a nice combo. I doubt we'll see much takeup, though, as the technical merits rarely dictate that. On a related note, I'd like to see the results of it being coded in a modern Ada or SPARK with one of the best compilers. I'd be interested in seeing it with full runtime checks on and off with conservative optimization. ZeroMQ with strong implementation assurance could lay the foundation for all kinds of secure networking and middleware schemes. Heck, I'd like to see a team formally verify a version of it with an executable for common architectures. I'd have fun with that. :) Consider using something such as SoftBound that transforms your code into one that defends itself against most memory attacks. There's a significant performance hit but immunity by design is better than hunting for every bug. Still try to code well, anyway, as the tools are usually limited to select platforms and you might want more portability. http://www.cis.upenn.edu/acg/softbound/ That last part is enough to ditch them unless you were fighting with them in IRC. Were you? Your claims ring true for vast majority of new, COMSEC schemes. Far as Tox, this is what I found on their GitHub page: "Current build status: build failing." I'll add that NSA and malware authors have 0-days on the platforms the tool will likely run on. It will be bypassed like all others on such platforms. Appreciate the tip. The Snowden leaks appear to support that GPG is so robust that even NSA analysts use it. So, a project using IM over it is playing it extra smart (albeit clunky). Turns out it's still active: http://ayttm.sourceforge.net/features.php That's certainly a selling point. The problem: newer and hand-rolled stuff always has serious problems. Many continue to have serious problems over time. I'd be interested in seeing software that solved those problems while leveraging proven protocols, clients, etc. Might just be a plugin to several popular IM clients. Yeah, that's quite questionable. They need to be able to handle and defend criticism better if they want to make it in INFOSEC. Especially if they ever get press like Cryptocat or Diaspora did. Currently, Go makes some decisions that hurt it for high performance systems, bare metal, and so on. Rust barely survived some beginner OS projects without its bloat and performance problems showing up. Once comparison I read showed Rust's compiler caught many bugs that slipped through Go's due to Rust design choices. I'm pulling for Rust in particular because its team made clever, design choices for their safety-vs-performance&control tradeoffs. Yet, right now, both are inferior to C, C++, Ada, the old Modulas, and even Fortran for bare metal applications. So, it's not a dream so much as me wanting to see an excellent middleware implemented in a language proven for decades to do what the two you referenced hope to do someday. Using proven methods, even if ugly or unpopular, is just what engineers do when solving new problems. I'd happily use the same thing built in Rust (not Go as it's less safe) if they can get it more compact and fast. Meanwhile, I have to use C++ and C implementations because that's what's available. My quick perusal of online links show that Objective-C is slower than C++, maybe due to its dynamic typing. It has the C compatibility and basic OOP. Yet, my idea was a language like this which is faster than C++. Maybe a statically typed version of Objective-C would do? It was an interesting and different kind of article. I particularly loved his attack on companies' claims to democratize some function. I know there's two meanings to the word but we're better off using (verbally and as consumers) the more important one. They're just cheapening the concept for profit. The other thing I liked was how the author took ownership of the situation while expecting less at the same time. I had this experience using little-known and semi-custom OS's for high security setups. The secure system lacked access to so much stuff. Yet, it had enough stuff on it to be useful and content-proxies were easy enough to build. I occasionally wanted a certain program, Youtube video, or whatever. Yet, my system did exactly what I designed it to do, nothing more and nothing less. And, like the author, I was happy with it rather than disappointed. It's a strange, good feeling which I'm not sure most people experience while using their computers. Of course, with KVM switch, I could always go right back to a full Windows/Linux system if I couldn't resist the urge or needed to do something modern. We can have the best of both worlds. Great point. It's also worth remembering that optimizations such as floating point at O3 will trade away accuracy for speed. C compilers are willing to give you... the wrong result... but faster than ever! Undefined behavior is another fun line of inquiry. Best to learn about the dark corners and avoid them where possible. I agree with kazinator: the title doesn't reflect the work. I bet I got something that does: Write Great Code [1]. Hyde helps a programmer understand how the compiler converts most imperative language features to assembler if it's doing it in a direct, lightly optimized way. It often gives C code next to assembler code along with optimizations you can do in assembler but not C. He also wisely created a High Level Assembler that embeds 3GL-style constructs and libraries in assembler code to help beginners learn it piece by piece instead of all at once. Enjoy! [1] http://www.plantation-productions.com/Webster/www.writegreat...