I can recommend this too, it's big in places like Portland horizontally (keep adding cache and load balancers/proxies). all you have to do is keep making more profits and keep buying more hardware into infinity. sure, one day you'll have to build a nuclear reactor and tap a dam to provide all the power and cooling for the datacenter space, but it's easier than a redesign. (by the way, i wasn't being sarcastic. that's how we scale our web applications. we just haven't gotten big enough to need the reactor yet) Honestly? Does anyone who isn't themselves a "hacker" actually associate the word with anything other than person who develops and utilizes methods of breaking into computer networks and exploiting security holes? This word needs to be retired. It's 2009 and something more politically correct is just necessary if you wish to have anyone outside your immediate sphere of influence take you seriously. People tend to relate their whereabouts to people they know IRL more often than those they communicate with online. If you don't know where someone is, you ask their friend, their parents, their wife, co-workers, etc as the amount of socially-relevant information (such as location) will be much greater and with a larger history of previous knowledge in those person IRL than those met online. After all, why does Markus in Timbuktu need to know you vacation in the hamptons every 6 months when you've got your Crackberry on you for the duration? Markus' co-workers, family members, and friends will be much more aware of such information. And sometimes people need a break from the internet. What is this post about? Somebody who finally is able to prioritize his life? Having standards is great but this is a stupid philosophy for life... Alternatives and compromise are important in many decisions, and your maximum level of interest may not always be the best factor to weigh your options. I guess I just can't get past the fact that you can easily make an unwise decision this way by overlooking practicality. You see a couple options you're not very interested in, and then one you are very interested in, and you pick it without hesitation? I know i'd like to learn Tae-Kwon Do, but I also know my primary motivation for learning a martial art (beside the art itself) is to get in shape physically. From what I understand Muay Thai is a much better cardio workout. Tae-Kwon Do might be more fun but it wouldn't benefit me as much as the Muay Thai (not to mention kickboxing is probably more useful in a real fight). So to reiterate my original statement: I think you can end up making the wrong decision if it's based purely upon excitement in an idea and not practical information which may be less exciting. I acknowledge your point that it may make your life more fun, but as i've learned growing up, doing things that aren't fun are often more important. Rant on mp3 blogs and free streaming music... What's funny is when projectplaylist.com was actually accessible, it was basically an HTTP version of Napster for music blogs. They made it seem like they were playing MP3s found on other sites, but they really aggregate all of the files in a large storage cache sorted by seemingly-random numbers. They then obfuscate the URLs by "encrypting" them with a single RC4 key which was embedded in their flash player. The end result was a search engine for finding and downloading any music you could possibly want right from their high-speed repository. I don't think they ever re-implemented this but they did change the HTTP interface every so often, and now the main pages are down most of the time. Myspace had a similar functionality (with XML to serve the location of the files, so no nasty html grepping needed) but when they released their music-centric site they finally got wise and added a more dynamic system of authorizing and re-authorizing each piece of music being played while it's playing. This actually is neat because it allows you to gather stats on which songs are being played for how long and who's really interested. It wasn't worth it to me to extend my script to support this more complicated functionality but I don't see why it couldn't be reverse engineered with a little time. So anyway, any of these streaming music sites are basically playing a dangerous game with their content. When you hand someone content for free, anonymously and via the internet, you're just asking for someone to make a script to download it where they don't need to watch your ads. RTMPE is not a solution because we've had rtmpe reverse engineered for what seems like years now. It seems like the only thing that makes content providers interested in this at all is when someone makes a snazzy GUI which does all the work for you and simply downloads songs. All this could be handled by simply requiring authentication & authorizing song plays N at a time. Then you don't really need copy protection since the user simply doesn't have the capacity to download more than one or two songs at a time, which (if implemented correctly) can make it damn hard for anyone to exploit your service. Bad programmers using a language poorly does not a bad language make. He just doesn't like dealing with the result of bad programming so he's saying C++ sucks. His "argument" is stupid. YC Rant: build in a requirement to look up a URL before it is posted. If URL was posted any time previously, either choose to bring the original thread to the front or don't post it. What could having a duplicate thread possibly benefit you over resuming the old one? In 20 years i'll have my own jet pack and rocket car too. Rosie, can you get the door please? Scaling Twitter: Making Twitter 10000 Percent Faster http://74.125.113.132/search?q=cache:mfi_ssC0kxwJ:highscalab... (highscalability.com is down. perhaps they need highavailability.com?) People mis-configure Apache all the time. They leave their site wide open for attack. They're vulnerable. Saying it's not a vulnerability when 3,000 sites all have their source code visible to the world is like having your arm chopped off and saying "no it isn't, it's just a flesh wound." I know it's not a cool remote root buffer overflow exploit hat trick 540 front side flip, but it's a security hole which people need to be educated about. Obligatory perl example, pretty messy: U="onelinebot:one.onelinebot";curl -d 'track=obama' http://stream.twitter.com/track.json -u$U|perl -ne'/\"screen_name\":\"([^"]+)\"/&&`curl -d "" http://twitter.com/friendships/create/$1.json?follow=true -u$U`' I think you missed the point. Most people don't own an iPhone. Most people who have iPhones don't exclusively talk to other people with iPhones. And most people don't buy a data plan just to send or view an e-mailed picture message from their iPhone-owning buddies. Music for me. If i'm feeling distracted or can't quite get my thoughts clear, I blast hardcore punk or drum & bass and once my blood gets pumping the productivity begins. Sometimes it doesn't work so well and i'll try something on the opposite spectrum - bob dylan's first album, slow classical piano/strings, etc. Also, and this may sound weird: a trip to the restroom. Sitting on the can for 5 or 10 minutes helps me think about the one problem without distraction. Usually I can formulate an outline there and come back and start typing. I agree. The only workers this would attract are 'hacker hobos'. It's almost the same as the plot to The Seven Samurai - pay us 3 meals a day and we'll work for you. The problem is, you get what you pay for. I think anyone with skill would find a job that would net them actual money, since most people have bills and like to purchase things. For similar services sure, or services which rely on others even if they aren't similar. BK went down and all of a sudden Twitter's throwing 503's. Coincidence, or strain on backend resources from users fleeing to their back-up social network? You can't store everything in memory all the time. There simply isn't a computer built which can do that. Horizontal scaling with commodity boxes and layers of cache are the most cheap and effective method of returning a high rate of requests as quickly as possible. http://www.halhigdon.com/15Ktraining/Stretch.htm http://www.indoorclimbing.com/stretching.html stretch beforehand to prevent injury and after to remove lactic acid and soreness. it's been stressed to me on several occasions that stretching post-exercise is critical, and at our gym we do 10min of yoga after a 1-1.5hr cardio session. i'm still getting used to some of the exercises and my calves need constant stretching or they get tight and painful. They did that at a company I worked for. Really big "X", guy was incredibly smart. Ended up doing absolutely no work because he was "the guy who wrote X" and could get away with it. The memory use is not accurate unless you take shared pages into account. Copy-on-write will make it look like each apache child is using 40MB, when really it's only 10MB private RSS. Use a RSS-calculating script ( http://psydev.syw4e.info/new/misc/meminfo.pl ) to determine the close-to-real memory use. If you don't calculate your maximum memory use correctly you will run into swap with traffic peaks. Also keep in mind that swap is a good thing. Is your app constantly cycling children? This isn't going to allow it to move unused/shared memory into swap. Don't ignore memory leaks by reducing your max requests per child. The forking thing is more of the same. Copy-on-write means it's not going to balloon your memory unless some function turns that shared rss into private. It isn't something that you want to do a lot of, though. I guess the corrolary to this article has to be "Don't let your startup's sysadmins diagnose development-side issues." You'll have to add "Make sure your developers can diagnose development-side issues" to the list as well. Most web app developers I have met do not know how to diagnose problems, or simply defer immediately to the sysadmins if there's no syntax errors or logs to refer to. It is a social game, but i'm not sure how much it's not as social as basketball or any other sport really. Those who don't play for money or to win an executive over (redundant) play in order to hang out with their friends. The game itself has its own interesting skill to acquire, but I guess since it doesn't have an athletic component it's lost in the "shuffle" of old person games. Still, I defer to George Carlin on my opinion about what we should do with golf courses: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C7c-nZIyfc I did something like this. Living as a homeless person is probably the biggest perception change you can have without drugs.