Perhaps he learned something in the last 4 years that persuaded him to allow these things? Or perhaps the president is actually not so powerful as to overturn laws and policies passed by congress? Maybe we should be raging at congress for allowing these things in the first place? In secret hearings and committees with closed doors? Why do they know what castles are without knowing if there are rivers? Peer review is receiving a bad review, no pun intended. Please remember that good journals exist, and insiders know good from bad. A bad acceptance from a heretofore-unknown journal with a seeming credible title is not indicative that all peer review is flawed or done by impatient baboons. And I say this having had a terrible time getting a decent review in recent conferences. But my journal review process has been largely positive, helping to improve my paper significantly, even if they miss some things. Certainly, when I receive a paper to review, I and my colleagues give it our best shot, but we largely work only for the established upper-echelon in our field. I have access to the article. This statement is key: "By increasing libido, higher T may encourage mateseeking behavior." Of course testosterone drops when you find a mate. You don't have to fight for one any more. They go on to show that it further decreases when you have children. Since virility is affected by T levels, it's a good hypothesis that having kids is likely a trigger to reduce the risk-seeking behavior in males after children are born. It's kind of a "no duh" result in that light, and they sought to find evidence that supports this hypothesis. However, they are clear to state that they cannot address causation directly. "High-T men may be less likely to enter stable, romantic relationships. Additionally, affiliative interactions with a partner may decrease T levels, in turn reducing mating effort. We also expect T variation within the group of paired men to be consistent with variation in mating effort, although we are not able to test this with our data set. For example, it may be that paired-male T levels will be highest during times of sexual activity with a partner (as suggested in Hirschenhauser et al., 2002) or that variation in the strength of the pair bond might explain variance in T levels among paired individuals. These are all topics for which longitudinal data would be of great help in teasing apart cause and effect." Science is built on layers and layers of dull data collection (like this one). But yah, a no-duh result that doesn't come through is fun. Exactly, this is an argument against mandating helmet use, not against the personal decision to wear / not wear a helmet. I would offer that the subtle point missed in coding interviews is the ability of the interviewer to judge the flexibility, poise, and social skills of the interviewee. That seemed very important during my interviews. This may be why the best advice is to "talk it out" Any yay-or-nay judgements based on hastily-written program output should be taken with a grain of salt by both parties. Great. So if you run a lot (long distance cardio), you get a marked increase in new brain cells. What brain cells? The part of the nervous system that regulates (wait for it) breathing and metabolism. No kidding. This is like the study [citation missing] that showed a huge increase in brain cell generation for seniors playing wii fit ... in the area of the brain that regulated fine motor skills. The "Brain" is not a general-purpose computing resource. Until someone can show that these skill-specific increases can translate to IQ or (better) improved long-term creativity and happiness, take them with a grain of salt. More bullets for the roulette game. The oil-rich desert version of science fiction is seeming more realistic. Do you really imagine that everyone not in the first world is constantly suffering? That is a first-world perspective: Claiming that only first-world-ers can be happy through adversity. https://www.hhs.gov/about/news/2016/07/28/hhs-forges-unprece... HHS has a joint initiative with UK-based research foundations. I really wish an easy non-profit foundation existed that I could throw some change at. Here's some more information: http://www.openphilanthropy.org/research/cause-reports/antib... Managers are the business API. Engineers are the core functionality. Oh look, it's the new mindfulness. Here's something from six years ago ish with similar results (faster) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qok636pe_qw I work with electrical engineers, mechanical engineers, and mathematicians, and computer science students, all who program pretty darn well. The programming is incidental to solving real world problems. If your job is to crank out code which envelops someone else's design solution, it doesn't really matter what courses you took in undergrad, as an undergrad education of any kind is just a very broad introduction to many things, in the hope that one will "stick" for employment. ROS is great! It's mostly an IPC framework, and very thinly wraps DDS. We use it extensively for prototyping and simulation at NASA JPL. We even have a closed-source version that improves many of the shortcomings for real-world deployment or NASA flight projects. I highly recommend ROS as a starting point to anyone looking to get into robotics development. https://www-robotics.jpl.nasa.gov/tasks/showTask.cfm?FuseAct... Well, no. ROS 2 does a few things that our stack already does. ROS is a wonderful platform for open source / academic development and building community. We have a fairly tight requirement when doing gov / nasa work that doesn't always work with that model. A whole bunch of things! I won't bore you, but you can imagine the pain points a team must have solved to deploy it for real: ROSCORE: a single point of failure. This immediately has a bunch of negative implications on prototyping small nodes and scaling to large systems. No concept of vehicles, sensors, resources to interact with, and so on. You have to look up what topic to subscribe to, deal with their ad-hoc message types, etc just to connect to a process managing a part of a vehicle / robot. No semi-persistent data storage is built in, meaning you need separate databases, intra-process shared memory, etc. Zero multi-agent awareness. You'd have to solve a bunch of problems like adding / disconnecting robots from whomever is running roscore (we don't have one!). Abysmal command and data routing, and no sub-structures that make it easy to verify commands, ensure the right nodes are in charge, display statuses, discover what nodes are running on a system and how to command them, and so on. And convenience stuff, like ROS has no command editor for easily scripting a vehicle's actions, without need for programming (though you can program all you want). And no legacy. We have access to some tried-and-true code-bases here to incorporate. I agree with your assessment, but disagree with your recommendation. I sincerely doubt ROS will be used in its current state for legitimate autonomy. It can seem half-assed because it is fastly changing . I think your DDS comments apply nicely to OpenDDS, and I sincerely hope that the spotlight of ROS2.0 will improve OpenDDS significantly. ROS is a good platform to study and learn. It is not something you'll find in a car in a garage. But it is worth it, because there are similar-enough platforms used for actual, real-world applications that would impress even the most curmudgeonly programmer. Such as ... https://www-robotics.jpl.nasa.gov/tasks/showTask.cfm?FuseAct... If you don't need inter-process communications, you don't need ROS. Caveat: ROS is for research into robotics systems and algorithms. You can pick up your fav language, write something up, and use a thin IPC library (pub / sub) to tie it into the ecosystem. Otherwise, it quickly becomes impossible to share portable modules and code libraries (all written in different languages, mind you). The alternative: Sticking to their language and compiling in their library or dealing with their dependency chain ... is much worse. It can be. But it has a medium-level initial complexity so that it can scale really well to very complex systems (see caveats above). So there's a learning curve, sure. But when you want to jump on a new system, or prototype a small algorithm on a large system, ROS will save you a lot of trouble. Also it's everywhere . Any academic or industry roboticist will know and probably use ROS, at least for prototyping. Of course the network could operate with less competition. But it is designed to incentivize participation. The temptation to dominate the network / hash power inevitably produces high energy usage. Again, by design. I'm not sure that's a liberal standpoint, and admitting the reality of some people associating bitcoin mining with "wasteful" energy usage is not a flaw in logic. Agree. Bitcoin is a fun experiment / proof of concept. I'd add that I hope we will eventually tackle the energy problem, hopefully without throwing away the good parts of decentralization / distributed ledgers. It might be optimistic, but I think many early technological revolutions bring learning costs and risk environmental damage. Once you tie the benefits of bitcoin to something as tangible as the "benefits" of a weekend in Vegas, people will back off the application as the problem. If grid energy is renewable, bitcoin is not a problem, and actually helps push increasing energy infrastructure. In the ideal world... Well, let's clean up the energy grid and stop blaming consumers?