> I can see that too, but I don't think it's impossible. Honest question, how do you automate this: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85dzsA-qKPw&feature=relat... ? Maybe we shouldn't focus only on the British Empire as the ultimate example, I'd say that the Austro-Hungarian monarchy of the second half of the 19th century is a better example, maybe also one that better fits what lionhearted had in mind. I know that you can blame a lot of things on this particular political entity (the War in Yugoslavia 100 years later being just one example), but it also did a lot of things very well. Actually, come to think of it, large swaths of the European Union are modeled on the Austro-Hungarian example, but those in Brussels are just too scared to admit it. I had a lot of respect for GE until not that long ago, but I think that after things like these ( http://accounting.smartpros.com/x67325.xml ) we shouldn't take this company very seriously. They're just crooks like the rest of Wall Street. > Leaking war videos to show people the real impact of a war - probably okay. "Probably" ?!!? Who are you, people? > To say that Germans "invented modern thought" is pushing it Kant was German. As was Hegel. And Marx. Maybe it's just me, but I'd say that the history (including that of intellectual thought) of the last 200 years would be completely different if it weren't for these 3 guys. > This extends beyond 'working hours' (after all, you're on salary). It is simply a way of ensuring that the companies gets it maximum value for what you invent while being compensated by them. I'm sorry to say it, but unfortunately for us all Marx is beginning to become more and more relevant, again (I, for one, had hoped/thought that we had left him and the problems he described in "Das Kapital" behind us). What you're basically saying (and Marx was trying to explain) is that a company like Google isn't happy with what it gets (in terms of profit) when it employs an engineer for only 8 hours/day, they want him to be on the company payrolls 24 h/day, a thing that even Marx himself wouldn't have thought possible. I mean, it may happen that the above-mentioned engineer has a brilliant idea in his sleep (we've all had our "dreaming in code" moments, no?), but, according to what you're saying, Google is entitled to appropriate that dream's contents as being their own. > "The Noah principle: predicting rain doesn’t count, building arks does." >-Warren E. Buffett He sure got that right :) http://www.nytimes.com/2010/11/17/opinion/17buffett.html?_r=... > Big companies often have purchasing departments actually do the purchase. They are trained to expect discounts and the people in the purchasing department know a lot more about asking for discounts than they know about software, because that is their specialized role in the organization. My wife actually works as a senior purchaser for quite a big (non-US) oil company, and it was funny when she had to negotiate the fees with the web-design company that had been asked to implement an internal application. She didn't know anything about the technical side of it, as you well pointed out (even though I helped her out with is), but the sad part was that even her company's online department (the ones that should have known better) were quite on a different planet. It's interesting how sub-Saharan Africa is still a mostly dark continent. Also interesting are the connections between the Kurds from Turkey and those from present-day Iraq, and how people from Baghdad are still more or less connected to those from the northern parts of Iraq (there's still a major Sunni presence in there as far as I know). Maybe it's a cultural thing (I'm an East-European who's never been to the States), but what's with this obsession about "winning", "not being a loser" etc? > He left behind one or two books that are still worth reading, but his most important legacy was his simplest. Was this irony/sarcasm? Because my detector is off. First of all, I read his 2 volumes of "Democracy in America" a couple of years ago, right after I had read Thucydides's "History of the Peloponnesian War" and just before reading Lord Acton's essays on liberty, and I challenge any of today's economists/political thinkers to come up with something at least 50% better. Second, Tocqueville's "L'Ancien Régime et la Révolution" is in my opinion the book that best describes/explains the French Revolution, which I also think is the event that most defines the last 200 years of Western history and political thought, starting from Kant and continuing with guys like Marx and Lenin. I'd say the 1500s belonged to the Spanish, who lost it big, very big, and the French came soon afterward to fill the gap, until Berezina and Waterloo. I was very surprised when I first found that around 1800 France had a population of ~29 million while England only had ~8 million. > Also worth pointing out is that it's unrealistic to expect that everyone can be happy, some unhappiness is essential to social stability. Thank you for this. This was one of the most important things I learned out of my (pretty) mild depression. Since then whenever I see people pretending to always be happy or at least striving to always be happy I sense that there's something wrong. That, and the thing that I began to understand what the Stoics were saying a little bit more ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stoicism ) > When computers are creative, when they start doing things that haven't been done before, without the direct programming of any human, then a computer can truly be said to be "in control." I'm still dreaming about the day when a computer would be ironic. Or about when a computer-scientist would write a book similar to Freud's "Jokes and Their Relation to The Unconscious" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jokes_and_their_Relation_to_the... ) > The map will shrink greatly. Right now I live about 30 miles from my office and the commute is on the very edge of what I can stand. Make my car driverless (freeing me up to watch TV, read a book, catch up on emails, etc.) and able to travel at twice the speed, and spend the entire trip at top speed (rather than slowing down and speeding up on the highway) and I could feasibly live as far as 100 mph away. The metro already does that for me pretty well. Granted, I live in an European city. > Remember that people mocked the Wright brothers Yeah, but how would you drive a driver-less car on a Somalian road, for example? Or through Cairo, or Istanbul, cities not known for their tight traffic regulations? After all we've had the Prius for ~10 years and it has failed to take over the world. > Normal people don’t study philosophy Well, I don't want to sound like a douche or anything, but they really do know how to pick their words, don't they? Following the same logic only Plato would qualify as a true philosopher (he's the evil mind behind all this "academia" concept anyway), while Democritus, one of the few philosophers who actually knew what he was saying, would just be seen as an amateur. Like always, mr. Krugman gets it wrong. Of course he blames the single currency, when he should have blamed things like "rules governing worker firing helped limit job loss, while strong social-welfare programs ensured that even the jobless retained their health care and received a basic income.". There's one thing that I've learned as a programmer, there's no silver bullet, you can't have both "strong" social programmes and a dynamic and versatile economy. You can't both stay at home doing nothing for most of the day (look at the 35-hour week in France, for example) and still dream at a life-style consisting of holidays abroad and 2 cars per family. > When I read a critique of an article that starts with a personal attack on the writer, I take the critique much less seriously. I don't have anything personally against Krugman, why would I? It's just that when you write a 8-page article in the NY Times bashing the Euro and you don't mention the protests in Hungary ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_Hungary ), which practically demonstrated that an European country not affiliated to the Euro cannot devalue its currency, then I'd say you deserve being criticized by anonymous guys like me on the internets. > Not sure why this hasn't been said yet (maybe I missed it), but dukgo.com already has this figured out. Or better yet, search for "fabric python" and be done with it, no need for Google storing all your searches at the expense of you typing a few more characters once in a while. > I'm not sure if the small business owner is really reading through Google's AdWords University documents and watching the YouTube videos. You're going to need people to sell to people and not just bytes on a screen. This is so true. We've just launched a Groupon-clone a couple a months ago in an European country which has a high percentage of Internet penetration, but even though we've built a very simple online system for the business owners to be able to check the redeem-status of the coupons (once the deal is over), there's the problem that more than half of them don't have a computer or Internet connection at the POS. So right now we email them an Excel file with all the coupon codes which they can print at home. Now, asking these people to know about AdWords and such... I don't see how the situation in the States would be so much different. In terms of simplicity and resistance nothing beats Nokia 3310 ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nokia_3310 ), for me at least. I even threw it against a concrete wall once, it all dissembled into several pieces, but after I had re-assembled them back it was as new. > You break a bad regime by doing better, not by becoming like them. In theory, you're of course correct. In practice, think about the regicide of Charles I or about the French "Reign of Terror" ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reign_of_Terror ), they were both meant to break bad regimes. How well they've succeeded in doing that it's debatable, the undecidable question is if terror/violence was really necessary. > aggregator sites don't provide any value whatsoever because their only mission is to display ads and drive traffic by spamming Google's index Tripadvisor has been really helpful to me and my wife, as in we don't go to any new hotel without first checking its ratings and comments on tripadvisor. You cannot have that on a hotel's website, objective reviews I mean, nor can you have actual non-photoshopped pictures taken inside said hotels. Talking about "stealing content"... On this link , for example ( http://www.google.com/hotpot?q=restaurante+bucuresti&ssp... ), there's no direct link to the restaurant's website.