the best way to do it would be to change you sudoers config so your task can do that without a password run visudo and add the following line: [user] ALL=(root) NOPASSWD:/bin/chown /path/to/apache /path/to/apache should be the directory above your latest_release dir so you can avoid a wildcard I use newegg.com, mostly because I'm really, really picky about ECC- I use unbuffered ECC in everything. Only a little more expensive than non-ecc- the biggest problem is that most places don't stock it. newegg does. If I was using non-ecc, I'd wait for a sale at Fry's (though I'd still make sure to buy corsair or crucial or some other reputable brand) - I get most of my hard drives at Fry's- I tried ordering 'em from newegg, and the packaging (on the hard drives) was horribly bad. the drives were ok, but that was luck. My problem is recognising tallent outside of your core compentencies. If you can recognise tallent, it's easy enough to pick up people who are on the rebound from bad jobs, or who haven't gotten much paid experience yet. I regularly hire friends of friends, but then I hang out with very technical people who have very technical friends. I've picked up a lot of really good technical people with little experience and paid 'em $15/hr to work for me... most of them leave for better pay after a year or so, but if I was compitent at business, I'd be able to pay them more by then. My big problem is that if you are incompetent at something, you can't reconise compitence. I am an incompitent business person, so I can't recognise a good sales/businessperson. Even with a good solid technical team, you need business compitency to succeed, and there isn't much of that in my social circle, and even if there was, I wouldn't be able to tell the good from the pretenders. It sounds like I need to get together with someone like you, but who? I mean, I alrealdy said, I can't tell if someone is a compitent businessperson, and having the wrong CEO is much worse, imo, than having no CEO at all. I think recognizing talent in the context of an interview is difficult, but not impossibly so. I think judging how well they work, (do they 'get stuff done') is much more difficult during interviews, unless the person has solo projects. I know working for others, I've recommended several 'smart but useless' people after interviewing. Usually when hiring people I know, though, I know in what ways they are useless, and can hire for positions where I can make up for their weaknesses. but I don't think it's difficult to judge a person if you have known them for a while, especially if you are the type to talk about technical things in social contexts. I think the problem appears when you are judging things outside your field, or people you only see for an hour. Wait, what? ec2, (I consider them my biggest competitor, they probably don't know I exist, and, well, my product is somewhat different) has lowered the cost of hosting dramatically. and there are places that are even cheaper than that (such as my company) - unless you are doing something like video sharing, hosting costs are simply not a huge deal anymore compared to programmer time. At what I bill out for as a contractor, for every hour of my time, you can run a amazon ec2 small node for a month and have enough left over for a cheap lunch. At most (USian, at least) startups, pizza for the meetings should cost more than the hosting fees. Even if you are running an application where hosting is a big cost, there are plenty of people (such as myself) who have hosting resources they'd be happy to trade for some small slice of equity. Actually, yeah. let's make that a standing offer. if you have a startup and need SysAdmin/hosting stuff and are willing to trade a silver of equity for that, let me know. the problem with civil action is that you can't get blood from a stone. If you sue someone without assets or insurance, you probably won't be able to even recover enough to pay the lawyer. I would argue that it is better to find someone with a good reputation, someone who is careful to preserve that reputation. eh, I didn't go to college. of course, when I graduated highschool it was 1997, and I had 2 years of paid experience as a sysadmin, so I was able to jump right into a .com job, and I'm a UNIX SysAdmin- a computer janitor. SysAdmins often have less formal education than Developers, so some of this was just that I 'got lucky' - but I do know many others who have done ok without formal education. Yeah, if I had stuck it out, I'd probably be earning another 20%-30%, (just looking at what my co-workers make) but I'm still comfortably into the six figure range. Granted, that's not great for the bay area, average nerd salary around here is north of $140K, and I don't rate that unless I'm contracting, but it's certainly an OK salary for someone who hasn't hit 30 yet. The key to making decent money without college is to get jobs that count (really, this is good advice regardless of your other educational plans. Most places a year of experience is worth a little less than a year of education. If you can get both, you are golden.) If you want to be a computer guy, don't take a summer job tending a till- if you can't find an internship, pester local offices to see if they need a windows reboot monkey, or see if you can get the local web-design place to give you minimum wage to do basic stuff. Or repair computers for your parent's friends. Charge $5 or $10/hr if you have to... it's experience and reccomendations you are after at that stage. My first job was at a mom and pop computer repair place... I was paid less than minimum wage, but it was an awesome experience, and it paid off handsomly. Remember that if you don't have education, you need experience. Without education or experience, nobody is going to hire you for a 'real job' (at least for 'real pay') Find someone willing to let you do a 'real job' for next to no pay for a period of time. Remember that at these jobs a good reccomendation from the boss is worth many times over what they are paying you. Certifications are nice, but with the exception of perhaps, the ccie, none of them can touch a few years experience doing the job you are trying to get. I wouldn't want to discurage people from getting educated- I think college can be very valuable (look at my grammar.) but not going to college doesn't condemn you to poverity. higher education in the US is heavily subsidised. The meagre fees that the lower colleges charge are waived if you are poor, and at that point all you need to cover is food/books/rent. Well, yeah, that is a particularly negative way of stating it, but mostly true. Most people favor political ideologies that favor them. (e.g. those who identify with those who are unable to earn much tend to prefer more collectivist ideologies, and to call tallent luck, while those who identify with people who earn a lot tend to support more individualist ideologies, and call luck tallent.) I think it is somewhat self-reinforcing, a person who believes that it is all a roll of the dice is less likely to put as much effort into self-improvement than someone who doesn't believe in luck. But then, I don't believe in luck. A religious friend has suggested that this is because I'm just lucky :) Yeah. I know some very good developers who were first SysAdmins. Even I have written a patch here and there to various system programs. To 'level up' as a sysadmin, even if you don't want to be a dev, you do need to know some programming. I don't know if I have the attention span to sit down and write a large app from end to end, but many times I've had to hack up the programs a client was using. I once patched courier-imap so my employer could continue to use the same UIDLs Ugh. nearly all customers were using pop3 like IMAP- 'leave mail on server' the problem was that UIDLS needed to stay the same, (the UIDL value is an identifier of a pop3 message- the pop3 client uses it keep track of what messages are new in the pathalogical 'leave messages on server' scheme. If we changed the UIDLs, all messages would be 'new' to the mail client and customers would scream.) and qpopper UIDLs contain characters that can't be in filenames, while courier-imap's pop3 daemon uses the UIDL for the filename... so I hacked it so that if the filename started with 0x, it treated the filename as a hex-encoded UIDL. (otherwise it acted as normal... that way next time they upgrade the courier server, they probably don't need to include my patch... most of the old 0x mails will be gone in a number of months.) A simple change, but it allowed us to move to maildir (which isn't always faster, but in this case was massively faster) without disturbing the customers. But yeah. as a more senior SysAdmin, you are expected to occasionally deal with that sort of thing. Being able to kindof read debugger output also really helps. Oh, also the 'got lucky' comment was more about coming of age during the .com boom than about becoming a SysAdmin. The .com boom (and my timing) was luck. Becoming a SysAdmin, well, that was more the 'path of least resistance' at least once I got started down this path. this is key. Look at Google. they target technical types, but for joe average, their product is just as usable as the compitition, who explicitly targets the average user. Joe average is going to have a technical person setup his computer- If that technical person, say, makes firefox the default browser, assuming it mostly works, joe average is going to use firefox. This might also be why OSX is doing so much better than previous macOS versions. Whenever a non-technical person asks me for a laptop reccomendation, I tell them to get a mac, in part because I know they might come to me for help (and I'll be damned if I start rooting around in a windows box that isn't properly backed up. Reboot, reboot, then format and reinstall, I say.) the other side of this is that it needs to work for joe average... this is why Linux on the desktop took so long to take off (it looks like it's getting a toehold in the low-end- by 'just working' for simple tasks) even now, linux on the desktop only 'just works' if you don't need commercial software. so yeah, you must target the early adoptors, but targeting the early adoptors alone is not enough. You must make it usable for the average person. (which is funny, because I've put almost zero effort into the usability of my product. I don't have a support budget, so if you don't know UNIX well, eh, for now I'm not the best product for you.) a problem everywhere I've worked, especially in places where the rack is 'organically grown' is power cables getting accidentally pulled when other servers are added or removed. on all servers that I have physical access to, I use zipties on both ends of the power cable. you need a knife to unplug anything. One problem, at least, solved. Generally, I categorize mistakes as 'mistakes of knowledge' (that is, I did the wrong thing because I believed something that was incorrect.) and 'mistakes of inattention' (where I knew it was the wrong thing to do, but I wasn't paying attention and did it anyhow.) Generally, you don't make the same mistake of knowledge twice, so I don't worry about them much. They happen, but they only happen once. Learning, we call it. Mistakes of inattention are much worse, in my opinion. without further action, I will almost certainly repeat a mistake of inattention. The idea is that every time you make a 'mistake of inattention' you put in place a procedure that will prevent the mistake. wow. Uh, first, a 300W server is moderately heavy. I run core2quad boxes w/8G ram and they run about 120W. I soppose if you had dual quad core xeons, 300W isn't unheard of, but that's a beefy server. power(and cooling) in a datacenter in the bay area costs me around $400/month for 2000W (1500W usable if you are smart) so that is $400/month or $4800/year for 5 300W servers, or $960/year/box (for a massive 300W box.) so I'm not seeing where he's getting $8000... Well, I guess it's more expensive to build a datacenter than to rent, I guess? then why not rent? a velcro strip isn't going to keep a power plug from getting jerked out of a server by a careless admin. the difference between zipties and velcro is that velcro is best for organizational binding... zipties are structural, and should be largely considered permanent. You shouldn't cut a ziptie holding a cable that would take down production any more than you should move a rack while production servers in it are still running. If it is the sort of thing you might want to move while the servers are running (like, say, ethernet, or a bundle of cables that goes to more than one server) like you said you should use velcro or something else temporary. changing the process is exactly what I am talking about here... not so much changing, though, as creating. Usually, when you tell a SysAdmin to do something (install a server, remove a server, etc...) she just does it. I mean, most of this is pretty simple stuff. my suggestion is that when you see a mistake of inattention, you add process so the problem does not occur a second time. set up a checklist for that process, or as in the power cord example, change your process for installing new servers. the alternate is to just fire people when they make dumb mistakes... but for me, that is unjustifiably expensive, especially when compared with the cost of adding process. Sure, if you control the app you can set things up such that losing one physical server isn't a problem, but that is usually a lot more expensive than a few zipties. One thing I've learned in my years as a computer janitor is that a fix I can put in place now with materials I have on hand gets done. A fix I suggest to the devs, even if they agree it is a good idea, rarely gets done. Process, when it includes humans, is bureaucracy. And yeah, you need to make sure it doesn't get ridiculous, however, having a checklist for, say, installing a server, or replacing a bad disk is still, I believe, in the realm of 'good bureaucracy.' When you get paged at 4am after a late party, you can't count on being sharp and remembering everything. You have to accept that especially for emergency maintenance, sometimes your admins are not at 100%. you also need to accept that things you don't expect will happen. You can't always rely on process. I'm just saying that you can use process to avoid making the same mistake twice. most body shops don't add value Yet companies still insist on using them. I don't understand why. At one company, I was a contractor. I was leaving for another job, and they needed someone with my skillset. Well, I had a guy who was suitable working for me at the time, and I offered to rent out my employee at a below market rate. They refused. Well, I moved to my new gig and my side business slowed down, so when the recruiter who got me this contract gig called me asking for recommendations, I referred the guy who was working for me (I wasn't exactly paying him a fair wage, and even at the poor wages I was giving him I didn't have many hours of work for him) Anyhow, the company hired my guy through the headhunter (and liked him for more than a year) - but they paid twice as much to go through the body shop they liked rather than going through my corporation. It wasn't like the body shop was big... it was some guy running the operation out of his front room, just like my corp. body shops offer a degree of protection from contractors who later decide to sue for employee status, but I don't think that makes them worth it. I mean, your liability there is usually less than 50% of what you paid for the guy (if the government thinks you were paying an employee as a contractor, you have to pay the employer portion of SSI and unemployment insurance and other benifits, for the entire time the guy worked for you.) It's bad, but that's about what most body shops charge, and it's fairly rare for a contractor to come back and sue for employee status- but even if you had to pay those fees for every employee, I think you are still coming out ahead doing it yourself over paying the body shop. I've not met one headhunter who was capable of distinguishing between someone who is technically good and someone who is not. Granted, it's a hard problem- but it also requires a whole lot of domain specific knowledge. Knowledge that headhunters usually don't have. We can't answer that for you... but we can tell you a bit about our own situation. Personally, I've been running my own (much simpler) VPS hosting startup ( http://prgmr.com ) for more than two years. I'm on my second Porsche worth of personal money plowed into the thing (ok, second Porsche boxter... I'm probably still on my first, you know, real Porsche.) I dono. I mean, my company breaks even these days... most of what I've gotten out of it is experience and contacts (and those are worth something... my bill rate as a consultant verges on ridiculous, and I have a book deal. Pretty good for a Midwestern hick with no formal education.) I don't regret doing it, but if I had a chance to do it over I'd focus more on being more public (blogging, documenting, etc...) and less on the actual business. If I could 'open source' my project, I think that would magnify the benefits (that is, credibility and contacts) But you can't really 'open source' an ISP, which is essentially what I am. So yeah, personally I'd advise you to go for option #2, unless you can get significant investment from someone else. But then, you sound like you started from a different position than I did. It's possible that because I had so little when I started the credibility is worth a lot more to me than it is worth to you. Also, I have my own conflict of interest... your project sounds pretty cool, and I'd like to be able to use that technology for my own projects, or use products built by other people using that technology. Open-sourcing it is likely the best way to get the tech out to the masses. this is part of why I do everything in the terminal latency is acceptable, even when my workstation is on the other side of the globe, and I can buy a new workstation for 'change in the couch' money. (I currently have a $300 Everex CloudBook (via nanobook) I got at Wallmart for the bus rides. that and a usb 3g modem, and I'm good to go.) Backups are easy. Granted, the box isn't entirely redundant. If the motherboard blows on it, I've got to run to the datacenter and fix it or restore from backup to another box (if I'm remote) and I have a problem if the datacenter goes up in smoke, but it's been a pretty reliable system so far. The disk I'm on is mirrored, so I've not actually had to restore from backup in a few years. But yeah, it's nice because I can take a total 'it's disposable' attitude towards any laptop or desktop. If it gives me trouble, format and re install. If a client wants me to use one of her workstations, no problem (though I change the password from somewhere trusted when I'm done.) Heck with a sufficiently advanced cellphone I can console in. confidence is for marketing guys you should make important decisions on the rational level, not the emotional level. You should weigh the risks and rewards in a rational manner, rather than running with what you feel. Feelings can be quite mercurial, and if you quit after you have a depressing weekend, or (sometimes worse) get in over your head and charge up lots of personal debit because you 'feel good' you can get in a lot of trouble. Once you find that there is a positive expected return, keep making rational decisions. But then, my start up isn't making any money, so what do I know? One can commit to a plan while recognizing that it has a relatively small chance of success. The only other way to get past the startup phase of the business is to actively conceal the truth from yourself. To aim for "confidence" are you trying to say that starting a company is an irrational act? The difference you are speaking of is a small number of millaseconds. Maybe the difference between 50 and 80ms. this might make a difference if you are doing something like trading stocks... but for most webapps, your database is way slower than that. 20ms lag in loading a http page is not going to be noticed by anyone. more importantly He points out an easy way to get people to like you. Buy them food. It has worked for me (though I haven't tried it on the scale he speaks of.)