That's simple. If you want to hire a $150k developer, you offer $150k. If you want to hire a $60k developer, you offer $60k. You then interview people untill you find somebody with the potential that you are looking for. For the employer, it doesn't change much. They just lose some negotiating power. Now, from the employee point of view, all the trashy jobs are correctly marked, what will save a lot of his time. Also, he gets a small bonus in negotiation power. If you are a great developer (say, you are better than 99% of them), just marking what jobs are not fit for you will reduce the time spent on getting a job by orders of magnitude. That's the difference between the job board being useless to being usefull. As a consequence, one can hope (not a certain thing) that great developers will flock into a system like this, so that would become the place to go to get great developers, and as a consequence all the great jobs go there. Launching and quitting your job don't have to happen at the same time. Most companies choose a stack and keep it. Developers don't even get a say. Everything is huge in China. That doesn't mean that most chineese can order something online and receive it at their door. (I don't know if they can. But your comment is a non-sequitour.) What? Do B&N tel you that you can't backup their ebooks on their marketing material? I dunno. Testing their ideas by the cheapest possible procedure seems like something that every startup should. Maybe there are exceptions, but that's not obvious at all. It's ok that sometimes the cheapest possible option is still quite expensive. That isn't reason to use anything more expensive. It is also true that not all startups that do it will succeed, and that not all startups that don't do it will fail. But it looks like the kind of thing that will increase the chances of any startup, not just a subset of them. Makes one wonder how the entire Lean Movement first appeared at manufacturing... Yep, the advices on the Lean Startup gides is quite directed at software, but it is an specialization of a more general idea. You teach lean thinking to his boss. (And make no complains, just teach it.) Infix notation is compact. That makes it better for parsing by humans with limited short term memory. If you put it inside your brain, and it assumes the tasks of each neuron when it dies, what's the difference? Also, can you cross the same river twice? I still disagree. Since inception patent law is heavily lobbied (except that in some cases lobby didn't have a name yet), and legislators refuse to fix its very visible flaws. About the same patter repeated on every country. The entire buleting stands for: "We take these risks very seriously. We analised it, and concluded that we shouldn't take this risk seriously." It's crowdsourced, so you shouldn't comply about the site, but its audience. Anyway, I agree that if my C# code compiles, it does probably work. Just like Java, C# makes it hard to shoot yourself on the foot (and also to shoot at all, like somebody already said here). On RSA, knowing ay of the factors used is enough to break the key. Thus, you brute force 256 bits RSA with the same number of tries that you brute force 128 bits AES. Or, in other words, when you create a 256 bits RSA key, it's guaranteed that one of the factors will have at most 128 bits. Thus, it's only as strong as a 128 bits AES against brute force. But anyway, that's a moot point, because criptoanalysis exists, and there are better than brute force attacks against both algorithms. Probably the enitire community of security researchers did review OpenSSL, gnutls or GPG, maybe only once, but they did. (Didn't you?) Anyway, pulic development was the anwer that I'd give here. Keep in mind that even the researchers often make mistakes when they implement the algorithms, and the main reason that their implementation is better than the GP's or mine is not because they know more (altough they do know more), but because there are knowledgeable people doing QA on it. Anyway, you are idiot only if you use your own imlementation for anything serious. There is no problem in rolling your own crypto if you only do it for fun. I don't realy like rocking a boat... but quantum cryptography can't realy be used in practice. Or, better, any practical implementation of quantum cryptography is succeptible to attacks. And the entire thing still needs an authentication method, guess what we use for authentication nowadays. That comes from the second law of thermodynamics. Setting a bit on the computer reduces its entropy, so it must dissipate enough heat to increase the entropy of the Universe by at least the same amount. Notice that this only applies to setting it into a known value. In theory there are some operations that we can do without dissipating any heat. As I said, that's by the second law of thermodynamics... There is a nice tought" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Maxwell%27s_demon>tought experiment linking thermodynamics to information theory. And guess what, experiments agree with the theory. After you have the theoretical framewok done, it is just a matter of applying the Boltzmans" rel="nofollow">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boltzmann%27s_entropy_formula&#... entropy formula , and you are done. As much as I hate the current US patents situation, the USPTO can't do much about it. Bad patents can get submited as many times as the holder wants, but the USPTO can only mistake a bad patent for a good one once, and it's granted. I've just tried it. That code compiles without warnings by the default configuration of gcc version 4.4.5 (Debian 4.4.5-8) in my desktop (it's an up-to-date Debian Stable install). If the default settings of gcc included throuwing out warnings for every time a function is declared without parameters and missing the void, lots of people would complain, and loud. It's a very common construct. 26,000mAh Please, those letters have meaning. You can't just replace them at will. Yes, and the most common way of achieving that is by showing me ads, not by selling my photos. Now, why should I have assumed the latter, and not the former? Hell, I don't have an Instagram acount anyway... They are equivalent. None of them is weaker. And, by the way, your PC (Von Neuman architecture) is an example of finite automatum. I've seen the FA formalism used in computing theory a few times. Yet, I'm also missing whatever enlightment the author is looking for. But, if for no other reason, it's worth learning just because it's a very nice tool. Microkernels could use some hardware optimizations... And most of those optimizations are good for virtual machines too, so they'll get done. In due time, message passing kernels will get so much faster than interruption based ones that we'll ask ourselves why we used monolitical kernels all this time. (And somebody will have to explain that microkernels used to be slow, and this person will be met with skepticism.) That said, the computers we had at the 80's and 90's were completely unfit for microkernels. Mach was about the best you could have by then. (But all that discussion about microkernels is an irrelevant sideline. Linux got adopted because it was there, if it weren't we'd probably use some version of BSD instead.) But those are worse than UNIX, not better.