>To be honest, I am having a hard time finding people to talk about this stuff with. Hi man, I get you. I recently had a long vacation break and started reading lots of things that had in the 'someday' queue. I'm fascinated by all of that but have absolutely no one to talk to about it (they're related to what you wrote, like Ellul). We should get along, drop me an email at alex@ .com ML is the new way to refer to old-school methods such as regression, statistical inference, etc. "Our mission is to organize the world’s information and make it universally accessible and useful." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together." "Our mission is to be Earth's most customer-centric company." "[REDACTED]'s mission is to bring transportation—for everyone, everywhere." Yeah, I do not know why but I do not feel very inspired by those ... Not at all. A few months ago I started being extremely pragmatic in everyday life (even against my will which is usually not like that). Things like, say no if you want to say no, answer emails immediately with a sentence at most, find the fastest way to get something done etc... Now I have a lot of time on my hands to do whatever I want, that includes spending the day studying or pondering things which I believe greatly increased the potential of my imagination. Find things that you like and do them, weed out everything else. If you can't shake some of those away, find the most practical way to get rid of them. Good idea in principle, however, did you even try to run a test before releasing it to the public? For a particular term I get the following words having "positive" sentiments: boycott, punishment, greed, backlash, protesters, damaging, upset. How in hell is that positive? Didn't knew Elon was behind this as well. "Close your eyes, honey" Expired SSL. Buterin's attention to detail is why I trust Ethereum so much. Very good idea I love it! I foresee and amazing future for you, just don't give up, keep it going for as long as you can. Cheers! From 2014 to around 2018 I was part of a team that was heavily invested into bringing these concepts to reality. What we accomplished was amazing and I still use some of them tools day-to-day, unfortunately we had to stop. What I wanted to share is that it was extremely hard (and ultimately impossible for us) to accrue a critical mass of people that is willing to use these things AND pay for them. We reached a few hundred paying customers; but we were 6 guys working on this full-time, so that means salaries and overall we were losing money like nothing else. That aside, I would do it again if I could, particularly now that the "standard tools" of the internet have become useless with time. Example, Google never gives me what I want anymore and they're removing the URLs now from the results (why?). If someone reads this and want to kickstart some kind of "internet renaissance" with me, you can reach me here: alex@ .com >An executable file in itself is not malicious Petty crimes can exponentially escalate if some particular aggravants are present. Example: 1. Steal something from a store. 2. Bring a gun. 3. Show it. 4. Discharge it. 5. Injure someone. 6. Kill someone. Each of these things make your punishment much harsher, even if your initial thing was to just steal a chocolate bar (1). Of course! That's pretty much the point of supercomputing. You would be impressed to know the proportion of Master/PhD students who are, in that sense, literal computers. >Check these 4,000 pictures and count the number of green dots you see, store it in an excel table. If you see more than five, send me an email immediately. >Put a 1 on it, then run it, then put a 2 on it and run it, then put a 3 on it and run it, go on until you reach 10,000. When you are done calculate positives/total and infer a p-value. If it is lower than or equal to 0.05, you're done, if it isn't continue until you reach 100,000. If it still higher than 0.05, we'll get you another PhD project. >From the set {a, b, c, d, e, f, g ... z or more} pick two, run the experiment with those, document the result. Pick another two and continue until you exhaust all the possibilities. And the list goes on ... I know the author is well intended and in the end it's her opinion after all. But many of the points she raises are naive when viewed from the point of view of someone who is inside academia. Someone going through a PhD could write a wildly different opinion. In the end it's opinions all the way down, but if you want to "re-imagine" this whole thing you need to start with a much broader vision. >They did the work No, they didn't. If you think so, then any consultant writing whitepapers for McKinsey, PWC or whatever should have a PhD as well. I'm not diminishing their effort or implying their content is not as interesting but a (serious) PhD is about the experience of doing the PhD. I know it sounds weird, but that's the best way I could put it in words. On this line, shoutout to Vultr for their support. Just today I opened a ticket with a relatively simple technical issue. I got a reply in 5 minutes ... yes 5 minutes, I couldn't believe it. My business with them so far is worth about 2 dollars, they will get many more from me, for sure! Hello 1hakr and congratulations! I was looking at your open startups page (love the initiative) and if you show the pageviews for the last year, you can see everything flat and then it pretty much explodes in December. What is the reason for this? Was this the ProductHunt feature? I hate being negative but this article, despite its good intent, just tries to force some very shallow abstractions to the point where it's ridiculous ... On the first example of levels, it's funny that 'guys that can eat where they want' are on the same level (3) as 'billionaries'. Then goes on with the very old (and wrong) belief that for a high net worth individual 50K is chump change and equivalent to a normal guy throwing away a dollar ... Then the "improved" levels do not really make sense as levels: travel freedom can be much more than expensive than house freedom, for sure!; also, one could engage in a philantrophic cause without belonging at the absolute peak of wealth. Another one is how at the highest level in his chart, he uses the expression "What are prices?", implying that people at the highest bracket just do not look at price tags anymore. Honestly, plenty of rich people live fairly frugal lives, while on the other end plenty of people at the bottom spend in a lot of things without thinking twice about the cost and its impact on their lives. And then there is no advice on how to actually climb such arbitrarily defined ladder ... Huh? What's the point of deploying AI with the same shortcomings as humans? >From a machine-parsing perspective PDF files are a nightmare. Can someone with experience care to explain why? Does it have to do with each letter having an absolute position on the document? I have no clue, to be honest. Embrace, extend, extinguish. It's the 90s all over again. Did you do it? More details on why this advice would have worked for you? >it's not very fun Sorry to hear that other people's lives get in the way of your idea of 'fun'. Huh? Well, could you provide an example of your idea of having 'fun' while in a car?