>...get ahead of the game and just start paying your subscription fees already Sorry but I am staying behind and happy like a clam as I save tons of money. Those subscriptions are like a death by the thousand cuts. So maybe it is profitable for those big corps but I do not give rats ... about their profits. I care about mine ;) That is exactly why I use Delphi when doing GUI apps on Windows. Single GUI framework that works like a charm for more then 20 years. It is very unfashionable to say mildly but it is the fastest tool to get things done for Windows GUI apps. I actually tried most and ended up with Delphi as ticking most checkboxes in my big list list. Granted I am an ISV and could care less about what other think about popularity of the tools I choose. Always pick what suits me. As for finding developers: that does not seem to be a a problem if one knows how/where to look. LOL. I never really strayed from this one on Windows. Everything else came with big limitations on what one can do. "Step out of your Silicon Valley bubble" ... I have Business Fiber Internet package from Bell in my house in Toronto. Residential area far from city core with an old houses, definitely not a Silicon Valley. 1000 up and down. It costs me $80 Canadian pesos. Not bad. I do not consume books. I read them I've never understood the so called advantages of dynamic typing. To me it looks like a land mine in one's project waiting to blow at run time. And what for? Do developers code so fast that the time spent on typing something like "int i" will provide any real savings? Now vendors are trying to patch those with bolted on top syntax extensions/derived languages that need to be transpiled. What a mess. This logic transpiles(TM) to this in my brain: a) I am messing around and need to write 10 lines of code. Can I write it fast and without thinking? Sure and not needing to type int/float/whatever will save me couple of seconds. If I iterate and rewrite that short piece 10 times then I just saved 20 seconds. Chirp chirp ... . Do I need special language for just that? Lemme guess ... b) I am messing around and need to write few hundred or thousands lines of code. Can I write it fast? Maybe but it is likely that good chunk of time will be spent thinking. I doubt that at this point not declaring type will save anything worth noticing. But that of course is my opinion Depending on library used it can actually be the same amount of lines. The lines are a bit longer of course. Example auto obj = JSON(text); int age = obj.["persons"][3]["age"]; It is not in my opinion. With modern development tools/frameworks providing memory leaks detection I have completely forgotten when was the last time that my programs leaked memory. And I write complex high performance game servers that run for months non stop. You just have to acquire certain culture/behavior when writing code. I did not have time to really look at it but if at some point they will accomplish everything in their roadmap it will be one heck of a development tool. Love it. for c/c++ I use Visual Leak Detector and Valgrind. For Delphi/FreePascal/Lazarus there are built-in tools and also MadExcept . Behavior/patterns are different depending on task/language but generally when writing code if I want to allocate anything I first write deallocation code. Oh sweet memories I have created almost identical implementation of this as an embeddable library in a year 2000 along with proprietary SQL language. The reason was that my client had inventory of products with some crazy amount of attributes and each product can have its own set and the client kept changing, creating, deleting those. It was in memory but with persistence and atomic transactions. No history though. It was blindingly fast on complex queries. And the schema of the database was kept as a set of entities with some predefined names, values and range of id's . For a while I was contemplating releasing it as a standalone product but as I had enough tasks on my plate decided not to do it. Kinda feel sorry now ;( So all in all very close by idea. Couple of times I saw programs written in Russian versions of Basic and some other, forgot which one. Never mind programming even trying to understand it blew my brains out. Russian being my native language I could never imagine writing software in it. I also have the same feelings about the songs as you just described. So all in all completely agree with you. "...Scientists writing open-source software often lack formal training in software engineering, which means that they might never have learnt best practices for code documentation and testing..." This is the most ridiculous statement. I had chance to work in either environment. Having that experience for the quality of the end result I will take scientist (preferably physicist or mathematician) with self taught software development skills over formally trained agile guru any time. Of course there are exceptions but ... I was talking about scientists who switched from science to writing software as a product for whatever reason. They surely produce good docs (properly documenting their work is the very basis of being scientist). As for writing imperative code in C/C++/Whatever other language they seem to choose: nothing is wrong with that. Again, from my experience university educated scientists are better educated and as a result could better understand the actual problems needed to be solved and find very good and practical ways to accomplish it. As for what goes for "formal training" in modern colleges. Well I better not go there. "...It's talking about scientists that did NOT switch to writing software as a product, but as merely a way to accomplish their primary scientific goals. ..." Sure, for this they would do what is just enough to solve their specific problem. Just as ANY sound business would do. Imperative programming and components are 2 different things. The latter could be implemented with numerous approaches including imperative programming Exactly my thoughts. "Agile is not science-based, it is an ad hoc bag of techniques that seem to have merit" Each participant of "Agile" development should have this hung on their work place. It is even cooler when one considers how much those eGPU enclosures cost, never mind lack of nVidia support on those. So you say that as long as you kill foreigners it is ok comparatively to state killing their own? "So how come we got this smartphone crap, instead of actual portable computers that could, among other things, work as cellphones" I think because they care about milking users, not about them being creative. I myself is very disappointed about what smartphone could've been for people and what it actually is. It is an unsavory set of questions that has no bearing on practical work, also implementation dependent. The answer is: No, I do not know C or any other language for that matter. I know some implementations of various languages just enough to write sound and readable code. And as I forced to use a bit more languages than I like I rely on local/Internet search to keep my brains concentrated on accomplishing the actual task rather then effing them up trying to figure out some esoteric constructs.