Bringing the Google ad network to old media "will be a real challenge," says Greg Sterling, an independent analyst at Sterling Market Intelligence. "The ability to serve a relevant ad against someone's query is one of the great innovations of the Internet, and it's not transferable to other media, where people are more passive." Unless you acquire a lot of bandwidth and put yourself in the middle of the media stream... The president of Evans Data doesn't know that "data" is plural? It has become common - acceptable depends on your willingness to cede precision and expressiveness in the language. And it doesn't inspire confidence that I am more pedantic about this than the president of a company the name of which includes the word "data". I wouldn't have suspected video to be the optimal medium for displaying the contents of a notebook. And I think I would have been right. usenet? There were plenty of automobiles around in 1965. I think they even had helicopters way back then. Maybe competition between roads would reduce the time spent at tolls. Also, presumably, unmanned toll booths would be used. You may currently be spending more than $1400 to the government to pay for government roads. With competitive incentives in road placement and size, you might save more than enough time to offset the transaction costs. You seem to be asserting that consumers are not better off with the airlines deregulated. Although I hate air travel and everyone likes to complain about it, I don't think you can argue that, as government has been removed from airline regulation, air travel has become vastly more cheaper and available to more people and that it is possible to reach many more locations by plane. Similarly for another high fixed cost industry which you cite - telecommunications. Free markets might not solve everything, but they're almost always better than the alternatives. As examples of the alternatives, consider the postal service, government-run schools, Medicare and welfare. It's hard to know. Presumably the system would look different today if the government had not distorted it in that way. Perhaps if market incentives were allowed to operate instead of the land being taken, we would all be flying around in the jet cars we expected. That's great if everyone agrees to put nostrademons in charge. Instead what you get is: "When schoolchildren start paying union dues, that's when I'll start representing the interests of schoolchildren." -- The late Albert Shanker, former president of the American Federation of Teachers, 1985 http://www.unitednuclear.com/aerogel.htm But currently out of stock. They have plenty of other stuff you're going to want, too. "The heating has improved significantly. I turned the thermostat down five degrees. It's been a remarkable transformation," he said. Wow. Really good insulation can make 65 feel like 70. I didn't ask that question. But the point is your solution requires putting/keeping the government in charge of education, just like we have now. Once the power is given, all kinds of interests become involved and people like Albert Shanker participate in how kids are educated. I'd prefer to let parents decide how best to educate their children. The entire system shouldn't be designed to accommodate the outlying parents you fear who don't care about their kids. You sound so sure. You don't think if the enormous amounts of subsidies the government had spent on airports had instead been allowed to flow to alternative transportation modes or energy research, things might be different? He seems a little confused about whether the benefit of capitalism is that the fittest survive so that the failure of the unfit benefits the entire system or whether employing people to pursue ideas which fail is good in itself since it stimulates the economy. The latter would be an example of Bastiat's "broken window fallacy" ( http://www.econlib.org/library/Bastiat/basEss1.html ). http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=45984 By clicking "details", you can see the voting for posts for which the total is not yet displayed on the main page. How does Pantone make money? 0.69 vs 0.7? If that precision reflects accuracy, how did they get it? Why? The oscilloscope has an x and y input to control the spot and it's controlled by the sound card output. I'm curious to know what about the explanation you don't find believable. Wow. The Gap thinks that its new offerings in other sectors will appeal to an old customer? Is he also astonished that The Gap has spruced up its product offering for the fall? She's only 13 in human years, though. How come Rhapsody isn't the solution to all their problems? The price is low enough that it isn't worth it for most people to go to the trouble of stealing the music. Portability is an issue, but maybe that's solvable or has been addressed already. But, with Rhapsody, you don't have an equity interest in the music to begin with. The whole investment is the intellectual one in your playlist, which you can keep. At worst, if you discontinue Rhapsody, you could go and buy the music to replicate your playlist if you feel the need to own it. I would be more concerned about the potential obsolescence of my investment in music in a physical medium or a particular file format. Another video: http://www.reuters.com/news/video?videoId=61204&videoCha...