Interesting peaks. A year ago, when I was developing a retro Pacman for cellphones (J2ME) as a university project, I decided to use a text file to store maps. It was before I knew about emacs picture-mode, and I was working on Windows, so I actually used MS Excel for the job. You resize the cells to make them square, insert a formula that will rewrite all cells from a given row into a single string (so you could then just copy a column with those strings and paste directly into Notepad, or something), and then you can use convenient navigation with arrows, tab and ENTER to create the map (also filling entire row or column by one mouse drag was handy). Moreover, if you add "conditional formatting", you can make all different tiles appear with different colors and font styles (like walls with dark background or pickups colored in gold, green, etc.). It's a 2-minutes-to-do, poor's man map editor for tileset-based games :). I often do branch prediction when chatting on IM's, especially with people who type slowly. For example, I ask "How did your exam went?", and before getting the answer, I type (without sending) "Sorry to hear that, but hey, you'll have another chance next week." In general, I just quickly think about possible answers, select the most probable one and type in my response without waiting. Then I get answer from the other person, and most likely send my text immediately. Most of the time, branch prediction works great and it's a big chat optimization. If it fails, it is often of because the other person answered in a way, that my prepared sentence won't fit grammatically (I just edit it), or asked for clarification (I then CTRL+X my response for later reuse and write some clarification instead). I think I've realized it when I started to extensively use Skype chat, which (as opposed to - for example - IRC) shows that a person is typing. When I'm asked a question and then I see that the other person is typing something, I wait with my answer, expecting a clarification or follow-up statement from the person I talk to. I guess others do that too, so I consciously avoid branch-prediction typing on Skype in order to actually get any answer from the other person. Wow... I'm sitting here, mentally mapreducing the HN RSS, barely awake, and then this news item pops up, I load the page and I'm like: "...ee... WHAT?". Then I got flooded by the wave of excitement and pleasant emotions. Awesome idea! :). Though I'm too excited to go to sleep now :(. I learned about Dropbox exactly the way slide 28 shows - heard about it from random source, tested, felt happy and started forcing my friends to use it (ie. to coordinate work for university projects). And the funny thing about those "Dozens and dozens of cloud storage companies" that existed prior to Dropbox (as slides 6 and 7 tell)... personally I don't know anyone who knew about any of those companies. I didn't know any of them untill today and for years I was pretty sure that Dropbox guys were the first ones to get that idea (or at least to get it working). And they did a great job with it. I can imagine reporters using ear cameras. As far as I remember, there was even a scene on Star Trek: Generations movie, when journalists used something similar in principle: http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... and http://www.ex-astris-scientia.org/gallery/factfiles/federati... If you could look through a (linear) polarizing filter oriented at 45 degrees from the vertical, you could kill off most of LCD displays. Unfortunately, sunglasses with polarizer are usually polarized at the wrong angle, so you have to tilt your head to see the effect (black screens). Sorry for that, I'll be more enter-aware in the future. > The answer to online advertising isn't to hit more people, it's to hit the right people in the right way. Still, it sounds to me like doing a carpet-bombing to eliminate one building. At least in case of non-AdWords advertisements. It might be a problem with my assumptions. Could you elaborate on the "people do want to see ads" part, please? Personally, I'm having a hard time imagining why people would (actively) want to see (on-line) adverts. Thanks for the stats. I didn't realize that AdBlock (and the like) is so unpopular (guess what happens when only people you talk to are either geeks or people who almost doesn't use computer at all :) ). Also, this report you've mentioned is... intriguing. With all respect to people who do them, I think that those kinds of proffessions should be ultimately done by machines and technology. People are good at creativity and generating new ideas; machines are good at repetition and precision. Congratulations on the release! Music video and the comic (Continuation guild reminds me of Arilou ships from StarControl II) are AWESOME and made my day. I'm currently trying to get money for paper version of the book. By the way, I've shown the music video and the comic to friends of mine, and two of them actually got interested and started to ask questions about Lisp. Their positive reaction makes me think that those materials could be good to show to people to get them seriously interested in parenthesis-oriented-programming ;). http://roflcopter.pl/math-jokes.jpg I don't use any particular technique; I try to get 7 hours of sleep per day, but it often ends up 5-6 hours. I started collecting sleep time data few days ago and am in progress of writing a piece of Lisp code to compute a running average and apply some kind of proportional (or PI) controller to fix my sleeping time. You know, a kind of software that yells at you: "Hey, you really have to go to bed before 2200 today!" ;). (I know it might sound overengineered, but hey, it's also fun! ;)) I find "keeping an eye on the time" very distracting. When I work alone, I usually set up my phone timer to some interval and then toss it away, out of sight. I also restrain myself from estimating the remaining time based on looking at computer clock. I just do my work untill it rings. At work I try to avoid using phone timer, as ringing sound might distract my co-workers. I was positively surprised by the fact that the site presented itself in my native language (polish) and it didn't suck . It's probably the first time ever I saw a site that autodetected a language and it actually felt nice. Not everything is translated though, and I hope you'll fix it one day :). After reading this I start to really feel why we don't like 'security by obscurity'... Works fine and looks great for me. Also, it's a first parallax website I've seen so far, so thanks for posting! BTW. Despite that it's an advert, it has a positive message. Made me feel better, at least a bit. Yes. And it's still so true :). Isn't it true that an american citizen can not be banned from entering his country and isn't that a constitutional law? I'm not from US, but I remember a small media mess around a case, when TSA didn't want to let an american citizen out of the airport (was mentioned on HN). About reading fiction apart from technical things - I believe that fiction writing is important and practical for society as a whole in a way similar to how thought experiments and simulations are important for scientists. Writers of books and TV shows create imaginery worlds in which they set up different scenarios, create problems and propose solutions. Those stories often create discussions, in which people generate and evaluate ideas. For example, many science-fiction fans get involved in lengthy discussions about physics of space travel and social consequences of technology that doesn't exist yet. But it might exist in the future, as it is with ie. Orson Scott Card's writings exploring influence of global information network on society and governments back in 1980-s. I believe the same applies to other genres as well - good stories contain simulations of events that might not be happening right now around us, but one day they might. It's a human way to create solutions before real problems strike hard. Thanks for your answer :). But still, I'd like to know if it is a constitutional right or if I misread it somewhere? BTW. I heard a joke about current flight security policies in general (ie. not specific to any country) that "you can board the plane with a fish in a bowl, as long as you dispose of water before entering" ;). A programmer I know told me once about his method of using Twitter. He doesn't read any normal news sites, use RSS, etc. but just follows on Twitter people who write things that he finds interesting (mostly game development). When someone stops tweeting high-value things (links to interesting articles, etc.) he just stops following him and finds someone with more interesting tweets. Sad there's no mention about Org Mode. It's awesome :).