good stuff man. hope you make it. Financial Times, NY Times and local news papers may help. Are you currently looking into VC or are you bootstrapping your startup and growing it organically? Reality Check. Anyone who was half serious about this application is hurt somehow. The reason why it sucks is not so much due to the fact that you are not going to hang out with "startupreneurs" and PG but because this was a competition and your product was judged not as good as those that made it. That is what hurts. Maybe you can take a step back today and take a look at what you are doing and ask yourself "How can I make better, more simple and scale it?" or "How can we make people see that this is better than other products out there and a business can be built around it?" because if you believe it is great, than maybe you fail to present it the proper way. Take the rest of the day off. Get a drink, socialize, shut that computer down and relax. Tomorrow your head will be clear and you can start working on your startup again. Not because it will make you a millionaire, or because it will get you respect, but just because that is what you love to do and without it your Puzzle is just not complete. Ciao' If you are working on a startup and you live in Atlanta, we should all get together, talk about our ventures and help each other. Three entrepreneurs so far. Hi. What are going to do now? What was your idea? Ours was a DIY mobile content aggregation & distribution platform. Grab your favorite content on the web. Mix it, mash it, make it mobile, distribute it. hi BL, like your input. send me an email so we can discuss off site. What's up Nandan. I can't see it. Email me at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net. We can set something up. I totally agree. Nothing complicated. I don't know about anything that makes me pay to chat. I am not too far from perimeter. Send me an email and we can set up something for all of us. Globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net PS. John. C cool que tu parles francais. On devrait vraiment se rencontrer ASAP. Watch out PG. here comes the Acombinator. can some 1 create a dedicatd browser IM plugin so YCNews usrs can chat EZly using their usrnm? What's up. That sounds ok. Guys can you all send in your email addresses so we can round up. Your profile does not show your email addresses. Or everybody can just throw in a place to meet and time and we vote for the best. That way no one will spam noone in the future. What's up Brian. I posted this thread. Send us (our team) an email at globalrep@tmo.blackberry.net and we can make sure that the round up works for all of us. You can also leave your address and we will send you an email. So far we got contacts from Brian, Matt and Nandan. No Matt, Thank you, as well as everyone else, for participating. Anyone could have said "forget this guys". I think that if we get it done right, we will all benefit from it. I am not sure if one can find a missing element of their startup, but I know that being around people who have a similar goal cannot hurt. Update. On top of our team, we got Brian (and friends), Matt(and friends), Azromej, Nandan, and Jonesmc ( si on peut te joindre, sinon je ferrais une update avec la date et le lieu ) Hi everybody. I am sneaking this comment while on my boss time. Man I hope he truly the last one I ll have. We are getting a good response. Now meeting up is only a matter of making sure everyone make s it. So far most of you want to meet sometimes next week (frankly I am so exited that I would do it tonight, but it would not work for the rest of us). Most of us are suggesting midtown. That is fine. As soon as we know the best time and date for all we will email and put another post on yc news. PS. Everybody seems to have dbe some work with RoR. Well I hate to say it but I am not a coder(please don't be mad), although I like to learn about coding languages. Well maybe this group will throw in some help. LOL. Can't wait to meet you guys. Update. Nate from Wamily is IN. That's what's up. Please Help. Thanks Nandan. That is a very nice way to start helping. (lol) Ok. this is not about funding, but it sure can get you more funding then you would want. The point is if you have a great product this launch pad could help you get tremendous attention. BOy boy. Zenter. I still would not care. Google is just bluffing right now. And it hurts me how many people cannot see that the big Giant has lost its way. One of the first American Billionaires once said he could answer any question asked. He called in a meeting and ask each journalist to come armed with top notch questions (of course industry related ), which they did. The day of the meeting they were surprised to see 16 phones at the Great Entrepreneur 's desk. For each question asked he pick up a phone and call someone who then, somehow, provided the proper answer. If you cannot code, need to start a startup and do not know the moral of this story, then you probably should go sit back and think for a few weeks before jumping into the middle of the ocean. Do you believe (like me) that Google has lost its way ( in anything other than search ) and is going into acquisition just in Hopes to find the company that will put it back into the road?