Does Coin have a future business model given the introduction of EMV? Did Fitbit just waste money buying them? Handguns. It's sad. I wish Microsoft had improved and advanced GDI instead of starting anew with WPF (now Jupiter) such that we had a 2D UI toolkit suitable for the modern world instead of multiple competing, but only partially overlapping, frameworks (e.g. WPF is useless if you're doing native C++ and, but GDI lacks intuitive modern graphics features). What strikes me is how Microsoft removed 2D hardware acceleration from GDI+ in Vista (wrecking performance, hence the shitty XOR operation framerate) and then introduced Direct2D without providing a clear upgrade path for developers. What also sucks is that GDI and Win32 are so heavily intertwined it means that other frameworks (like WPF, Direct2D, etc) cannot integrate as well. When a new UI framework comes out, my test is: "Can Adobe build the next version of Photoshop with this?". WinForms and WPF failed the test because they can only be run from within .NET applications. I was hopefull for Direct2D, but D2D is only a drawing API, there are no native widgets. XAML with C++ is nice in Windows 10, but I understand your application must run in the sandbox (for better and for worse) and when you use Win10 XAML you cannot use any UI code that uses any of the old-world code (e.g. Photoshop plugins). I'm also concerned that XAML prevents you from getting lower-level control over hardware (e.g. Deep-color support, hosting low-latency OpenGL contexts, etc). The sandbox requirement itself kills it for a lot of applications anyway. Today, if you're writing a C/C++ program for Windows that needs to display a native Windows checkbox on screen (i.e. the Common Controls library or the raw Checkbox window class), and you want to customise how that checkbox is rendered, then you're still stuck with GDI - the WM_Paint message gives you access to s GDI device context in RAM - so you have to jump through hoops to use it with another 2D library or widget toolkit. How do I get an opaque handle to the window's texture surface in VRAM for ultra-fast painting or low-level control? About six years ago I pretty-much single handedly wrote the entire backend for http://www.ComedyCalls.com and other sites like http://www.WakeUpDialer.com , http://www.CallMyLostPhone.com , http://www.BirthdayDialer.com , and others - see the links in the footer. The PSTN system is all in-house (and we pay a LOT less per-call than what Twilio, for example, charges). I have a 25% stake in the company - but I don't get much money myself, less than $1000/mo on average. This is because of our thin margins, and because my other business partners own the other 75% (50% is owned by the founder who created the sites back in 2008 using cheap outsourced labour that I was brought in to rewrite) and the other 25% is owned by another person for historical reasons. Furthermore because none of us spend much time on it anymore - or get much money from it - we're all very hesitant to spend money on marketing or advertising (we got marketing quotes starting at $5000/mo - and my co-owners are unconvinced that advertising would help at all), hence the impasse. We do plan to create some new additional sites and services that have higher margins, including launching a "Twilio-lite"-like API which would offer much less functionality (as our backend is not as sophisticated as theirs) but would also cost less per-call. But that, too, would require marketing to get the word out. If anyone here is a VC or is otherwise interested in investing for marketing, or is a marketing expert yourself, or interested in using our system - we'd be happy to talk a deal. We did sell one of our older sites to a web publishing company a few years ago that went for almost a six-figure value - but unfortunately for me, that was after I wrote the entire stack, but before I was granted part-ownership (so I was just paid for my time: 3 hours to set a clone of the system up on the buyer's infrastructure). One of my "rivals" - the creator of WakeUp.io posted his site to last month's "Show HN" thread, now it's my turn :) You don't need to for most open-source software. You are free to take any GPLv2 software, modify it and host it on your own servers and charge a usage fee, all without publicly releasing your changes - it's an unforeseen catch in certain open-source licenses that only requires source release if the customer can get their hands on the binaries - if it's accessed through a browser or over the network then they lose that privilege. "but because we made the search while Excel was opened, the function was auto-populated in the highlighted cell." - which version of Excel was this? The desktop version (2010, 2013, 2016?) or the XAML version? I'd be surprised if Cortana integrated with the desktop version, considering Office doesn't run in Windows 10's sandbox model, and Microsoft is only allowing sandboxed apps access to the cooler features of Win10. He's not saying it can't be done - but that it has serious economic and safety hazards that have not yet been addressed. My theory for that is different construction materials: cars built in the 1970s and 1980s become rust-buckets quite easily - but cars built after the mid-1990s use considerably better bodywork materials that don't need specialist care to maintain, especially a lot more plastic. I drive a 2013 Ford Focus and the entire front assembly is plastic - no way that's going to rust or corrode. I'm almost looking forward to selling it for a good price after the warranty expires. The name given to the semesterly release of Windows that came out a couple of weeks ago. Previously code-named "Windows Redstone". And Windows 8.1 was effectively SP1 there too, which added back the start button and other features. If there's anything Microsoft is consistent about, it's inconsistency. There's a lot of bad job ads crammed with keywords. One amusing ad I saw in my local Craigslist was advertising for an entry-level web-design gig. "Requirements: Working knowledge of HTML, CSS, JavaScript and C/C++". Tell them I'll do it for entry-level wages if they throw in a healthy amount of stock/equity :) Modern browser extensions are written in JavaScript, making them portable, verifiable, and easily sandboxed - not something you get with an executable binary blob that until very recently ran in the same permission context as the local user - which on Win9x through XP meant root. Handily (and amusingly), Microsoft's Edge extension API is designed to be compatible with Chrome's - I understand there's a degree of mutual-intelligibility with Firefix too. And aggressive caching just makes sense - consider people today with 10+ Chrome Windows open, all with 50+ tabs each - not even 10 years ago IE6 still ruled supreme - with one document per window. And even then machines had similar orders-of-magnitude of RAM as they do today - my 2006 rig had 4GB of RAM (XPx64) my current machine has 4 times that. When I was at Microsoft (DevDiv) we used AD, Forefront Identity Manager and an internal webapp called RAMweb to request to join controlled groups. Them being Microsoft everything was in-house, though I did work on a team that did use some external resources - we traded passwords on an ad-hoc basis - "trusted" SharePoint pages or shared OneNote documents mostly - but this was never anything sensitive - think: accounts for sites like HackerRank or Lynda. All of the startups I've been at use LastPass Enterprise, it works well. Java and JavaScript do the opposite: null values are represented by the string "null" ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24591212/why-the-coercion... ) - it's conceivable many programs processing strings would assume "null" in a string comes from a null value originally. I'd have thought road-marking interpretation would nowadays be based on something more elaborate, such as HOG, without the need for an initial edge-detection pass. (But in this case, I'll add that HOG doesn't solve the problem of overlapping old/new road markings) Surely something like the Windows app packaging / sandbox model would be implemented in userland - how the heck could it possibly BSOD a machine? That's just astounding. Uuuuhhhh. There are plenty of games that came out even 10 years ago that ostensibly have the "Designed for Windows XP" (even Vista) badges but that which refuse to run on Windows 10. Often it's to do with how they do graphics, which is a shame, because sandboxing like this is a great way to allow graphics to be shimmed. It isn't. All four OSes share the same kernel and many userland components, just the "shell" is different. I don't understand how this leads to a root exploit - I assume c-ares is running in userland inside a user's host process (a web-browser) - or if there is a systemwide daemon for DNS or other network services hosting c-ares then it should run under limited privilege. Which component is already running at root that allows this to happen? Historically "Chrome" refers to the shell of a web-browser that wraps the layout engine. Both Netscape and Microsoft used the word (internally at least) for this effect, while later Google would co-opt the term entirely for their product name. But yes, Firefox's user-stylesheet for XUL is called 'chrome.css' (or 'userchrome.css', I forget). Still no cure for VBA though. Hah! Your first paragraph makes me wish this site supported Markdown. I'm curious what the use case of memcpy is in highly-optimised software. Are there any scenarios where copying bytes is better than using a char*+length tuple?