I'd been puzzling why the name was so familiar and it's because this man is the source of the ultimate Smug Lisp Weenie quote... Greenspun's Tenth Rule of Programming: "Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad-hoc, informally-specified bug-ridden slow implementation of half of Common Lisp." Sup Dawg, We heard you like tumors so we... No? I'll get my coat. It's too monolithic for my taste. It should be taking a leaf from Django's own design book and providing some high-level CMS building-blocks. Otherwise you just end up reinventing Wordpress or Joomla. Look at Pinax* or FeinCMS for a much smarter sense of how to get Django goodness without reinventing the CMS wheel everytime. * I know Pinax isn't a CMS - but it's tackling the hard problem of how to allow several apps by different authors to work together and integrate into the same site. Mmmm. Interesting. I wonder how much of the criticism of Pinax there is down to the specific apps and how much is down to the architectural philosophy it's trying to put in place. On one hand Pinax guys are smart, on the other packaging/deployment/reuse are hard problems. Here's hoping x>y! That's strangest. I found it one of the warmest and most rewarding internet-related pieces I'd read in a long while. It made a few assumptions about your understanding of the context but, goddamit, someone is entitled to do that on their own blog! Sigh. HN mangled the quotes out of the query string but it still seems to do the job. and is there any hope that the EuroDjangoCon videos will ever appear? I was really looking forward to seeing those :-( I will state here-forth that I am prepared to perform such deeds, to go lower than man has ever gone, to plunge the depths of degradation just in order to gain an early invite to Google Wave. Thank-you. andybak@gmail.com Multiple tiling windows is an idea long past it's prime and I've never been keen on Apple's particular take on this model. Quite often I find that bringing Finder to the front covers the whole screen with the 16 or so Finder windows that I forgot that I had open and which bear no relation to the task I am currently trying to perform. A single window finder with a history and a way to split into two or four tiles might be better. Of course the tricky thing is making this work for naive users as well as power users. This isn't an easy problem but naive users struggle massively with the current model too and that's not especially optimal for power users either. With the Bilski case still hovering around the upper echelons of the judicial system, now would be an excellent time for someone with deep pockets to take on Software Patents in general. Please let this be the straw that breaks the camels back. http://www.kronenberg.org/ies4osx/ For the latter: http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/adblo... Best I can find for the former: http://www.chromeextensions.org/appearance-functioning/lastp... The website failed the 'Skim the front page and try and figure out what it's for' test. Anyone care to summarize the tedious waffle? It's quite interesting how emotionally involved I got watching a couple of these. I had to stop because it was making me angry. When I first read about the Prisoner's Dilemma in a Douglas Hofstadter book (probably Godel, Escher and Bach although I'm not sure) I went around reading everything I could about it as I felt it was saying something important about society. Today I'm not entirely sure that's the case but it still fascinates me... I'm waiting for a Lisp dialect with significant white space. I think I've turned into an anti-brackets-of-any-kind snob. "Emace: A pretty good operating system, but it could use a better text editor." I can't trace the source of this quip but I'm glad someone has set out to prove the first part of it... You're linking to information on a ZX Spectrum which is not a ZX81. The ZX81 had a monochrome character mapped display with no pixel access (well - there were tricks that could sort of give you pixel access but they came much later than the time 1k chess was written) Whatever anyone can say about Python you can't deny how nice it looks on the page. Thank god they finally went for the sensible option. It would have been highly irritating if it was rejected as an unnecessary dependency (which some people were arguing). Some choice quotes: "Switching back to HTML4 is driven by the same kind of purity-beats-practicality, fashion-conscious silliness that made us all switch to XHTML in the first place." "But to worry about being able to instantly switch to the doctype-du-jour -- or rather last years' doctype-du-jour -- as well as having HTML validity - that's not being a perfectionist, it's called OCD, and I'm drawing the line there." He does go on to mention that 'HTML5 will save us' - at least from quibbling over vs ... Some context: It's mainly about Django's Admin and form generation - in most other places Django is markup agnostic. It is and there are fixes out there for the HTML/XHTML thing but this is mostly an argument about defaults and built-ins. Because then I can mix and without some smart alec telling me my document doesn't validate. There are however some good CMS's built on Django: http://github.com/matthiask/feincms http://www.django-cms.org/