It seemed very familiar, at least the motions the author has gone through. On my first retreat, after one day, I was absolutely sure that I wanted to leave. Sitting was painful, there was a lot of sleepiness, and I was longing for daily joys such as listening to music. And the mind is very well able to snowball unpleasanties :). After that first day, when I had the first talk with the meditation teacher, he made a joke about my mocking, subtle enough to make me smile. The discontent quickly melted away, and it suddenly became clear to me that I was suffering because I was craving for pleasantness. The following week had moments with intense joy, moments with intense pain. But it became easier to see them without clinging, giving a lot of peace. It's something definitely worth doing. Though it doesn't hurt starting with tiny steps, rather than cold-turkey ;). Indeed. But daily practice is something to treasure :). "Memory is predictable, and with Valgrind not a danger." I find that statement a tad too optimistic. If you use Valgrind continually (and people really should), you do catch memory misuse in normal situations. It does not say much about how well programs function with 'abnormal' inputs (accidents, exploits). Given that bugs do happen, even to the best of programmers, would you rather have a buffer overflow or an exception? It depends on the application and context, but it is harder to answer (and get it right) than the author pretends. Of course, except that many runtimes/libraries handle tripping over array boundaries gracefully, rather than overwriting memory. And some languages avoid null/wild pointers completely. Your programs will still be suspectible to buffer overflows, invalid dereferencing, etc. While, say, Haskell programmers do not have the same problems. Valgrind is no substitute to runtime checks and a proper type system. I'd say: just try it. After reading haskell-cafe for a day, I felt utterly incapable of ever learning Haskell. I started picking up the language using Real World Haskell (quite an acceptable book). I can read most programs now and crafted some short programs. I still find predicting memory/time use under a lazy-evaluation regime difficult. But it is certainly a nice experience ;) It is unlikely that the Berkeley people would've pushed for a completely free (software) kernel without the Stallman influence: "I think it's highly unlikely that we ever would have gone as strongly as we did without the GNU influence," says Bostic, looking back. "It was clearly something where they were pushing hard and we liked the idea." Source: http://oreilly.com/openbook/freedom/ch09.html Or maybe what seems normal to us know, did not seem so normal in the days? I am to young to have witnessed the UNIX industry in the '80ies. I can understand your conclusion and sentiment. It is also a trap one can easily fall into during meditation, and can lead to both the extremes of anti-materialism and pure hedonism, as can be seen also in Buddhist (and other) cultures. This is exactly why the Buddha and later teachers emphasize on taking the middle road. In the end, meditation is observing things as they are, and theoretically you could do this while being an anti-materialist or a hedonist. However, people usually become anti-materialists because they want to block out a large collection of 'distractions', such as pleasanties. They would always be practicing half: such distractions are also part of reality. Hedonists on the other hand, easily become attached to their wealth, making progress in meditation hard as well. So teachers always advise to take a balanced approach to meditation: do not become an ascete, do not indulge too much in wealth, do not be lazy, also avoid zealotry. The mind, and world as it is in the moment provides all the necessary circumstances to learn to understand the mind. Then there is a practical dimension as well: a starving person is probably not able to meditate, a very wealthy person is probably not very willing to meditate. My personal interpretation of Buddhist ethics is, that it is aimed to create the circumstances for as many people as possible to reach enlightenment, and is not an absolute ethic system. And there are also enough 'prominent examples' for impure imperative languages. For instance, OpenMP makes parallelizing some loops in C/C++ a walk in the park, and I have parallelized some of my programs by adding only a few pragmas. The 'FP makes concurrency easier' is a often-used selling point, but I think the jury is still out. First of all, many functional languages are impure, and do not have this advantage in the same manner that e.g. Haskell has. Second, purity can be an expensive trade-off due to the copying involved. For lots of things (e.g. fast linear algebra) you'll still want to work in an impure world. I think a better selling point of some functional languages is clarity. For instance, some class of problems can be solved very elegantly in Haskell and ML using algebraic data types, pattern matching, etc. But then again, some other classes of problems can be solved elegantly in Prolog. Well, what's it worth if you are doing (real-world) number crunching, and your program turns out to be one or two orders of magnitude slower? For instance, after implementing some machine learning software in Scala, I ended up rewriting it in C++, because it was so slow (IIRC the Scala version was 50x slower). The only way you can get down to 'a couple of times' slower is by writing Scala as Java with a slightly different syntax. And since the program does many repeated matrix calculations in a loop, parallelizing the C++ version was done in half an hour (mostly testing where lock contention kills the advantage of parallelization). Yes, I do realize that there are more applications of multicore processing than number crunching ;). Did you read this quote near the end? "Shared-memory multiprocessors have never really 'taken off', at least in the general public." The assumptions that held in 2002 seem to be gone these days. There are many 8-16 CPU users these days, especially in OCaml's main public (academia). Rebirth (at least from daily perception, I ultimately believe that consciousness does not cease with death, but 'attaches' to new organisms with perception), and enlightenment (the cessation of clinging to phenomena). Very hard, if not impossible, to prove scientifically, although there has been interesting research into this very topic ( http://tinyurl.com/36avxgq ). But, I have no idea how memories from 'previous lives' would fit into this. Mostly, yes. This particular program evaluates effectiveness of features given an existing log-linear model. So, you can evaluate the effectiveness of features in parallel. For each feature, you can also partition the training data, process the the data in parallel, and apply a reduction step[1]. But 'map' in MapReduce is also a typical data-parallel task. [1] In practice, there is a trade-off: the vectors are usually so large for the average training set, that you do not really want to copy them for memory-efficiency, so the mapping and reduction are interleaved, requiring some locking. Excellent! Though, I have to add that if you like C++ with STL, D2 with the latest Phobos standard library is the way to go. Hopefully, we will see a stable LDC for D2 in the future. Spot on, and a far better critique than Zed Shaws rant, that boils down to 'I dislike the syntax' mostly. Many things are done nicely in C++, and C++ provides far better abstractions than C. However, since new language construct have been stacked on C++ for almost 30 years, the language became huge, as well as the possible interactions between language constructs. The result is that you will rarely find programmers that understand C++ fully. I have seen a lot of awful code that uses C++ as C with classes, badly. Usually, classes and functions have been written with so little understanding of encapsulation that refactoring is painful. And for properly written C++ programs and libraries, it's usually hard to find people to maintain/modify it. On the other hand, it is also hard to find good ML/Haskell/whatever programmers. And lots of people get away with writing ugly Python or Ruby code. There are some very good template-based libraries. I think STL is mostly ok, but also libraries like Eigen are great, and avoid a lot of code duplication through templates. http://eigen.tuxfamily.org/index.php?title=Main_Page I am not sure, a lot of convenience of modern web frameworks is made possible using introspection and other runtime facilities, which are too minimal in C++. It depends on the task. For e.g. client-side applications, Ruby makes deployment painful, since everyone has their own versions of Ruby with different sets and versions of gems. Added to that, a lot of people are not allowed to install the necessary dependencies on work machines. And then, Windows has no such thing at all. With C++ and Qt on the other hand, it's very easy to write self-contained applications, also with a minimum amount of platform-dependent code. In the standard C++ world, yes. However, if you use a rich class library, such as Qt, there is not all that much difference in difficulty compared to e.g. Java (even down to Java-style iterators). I disagree, especially const-correct methods help avoiding mutation. The primary mistake IMO is that const can be cast away. Invariant should be invariant (like D). Definitely, and keep W. Richard Steven's 'Advanced Programming in the UNIX Environment' close by. Exactly. Some data in my field (NLP) is available, however usually at high fees. Coming back to the topic of source code. I think there are three additional reasons source code is often not published: 1. Some scientists (I am trying to avoid making overgeneralizations) are bad programmers. Sometimes just enough hacks are stacked to produce results, but the result is not something to be particularly proud of. 2. Rinse and repeat. It's often possible to get more out of a discovery by applying it to multiple datasets. If the source is published, others could be eating your lunch. 3. There is a contract that avoids publishing source code. My PhD project is financed by the Dutch national science foundation. Fortunately, since software developed in my project adds to existing work under the LGPL (creating derivative works), my work is under the LGPL too. Copyleft can help you if (3) applies. I try to follow the same strategy as the author: make software public on Github once a paper is accepted. It's well deserved. Github made project hosting a pleasant experience. For opensource projects we had Sourceforge and Berlios before, but their approval processes were tedious and seemed random at times. With Github you are set up within a few seconds to share code. Git made forking/cloning easy, Github made forking trivial. Their Jekyll-based Github pages is also great. And there are unknown words (words that are not covered by the lexicon). But the top-poster is right: the linked website does part of speech tagging, not parsing. Providing a wide-coverage parser for the web is still hard. The number of possible parses for long sentences is enormous. Even if a sentence is not ambiguous to us, grammars allow all kinds of ambiguities. There is a web demo for a Dutch system that is developed in our research group[1], but heap size and time limits are used, to exit gracefully if parsing takes too much time/memory (and sentences with more than 20 words are ignored, since you'll really want to do offline parsing). [1] http://www.let.rug.nl/~vannoord/bin/alpino Sure, it is possible, but what does it add? It's not as if a Hidden Markov Model tagger takes that many server resources. Or if you are really worried, you could build a unweighted finite state transducer (Roche, Schabes, 1995) ;).