No. They already have the lowest memory footprint. They don't need to figure out that they need to fix memory leaks, since they are doing it with great success. But it will help them identify and fix current and future leaks. No, they made 13 million in their first quarter this year - the same as they did all of the last year. It is not unreasonable to expect them to reach the 100 million goal. They are growing their income at a fast rate, so it is fair to say they are on track. People are always complaining about existing features being lost. "I am not using firefox again until they reinstate the back button!" I see this kind of stuff on reddit and slashdot all the time. Is it some sort of FUD campaign against Firefox? Click view > Enter Fullscreen You can also use F11, unless you set OSX to high-jack that button. You can also use the fullscreen button in the top right corner on lion versions of OSX. So it was because they wanted people to move to Google+, like everybody has been saying since day 1. Let's assume he took weekends off, so he had 3 x (365 + 183 - 150) = 1194 hours of study. In that time he learned to read and write 3000 characters in context. How is this a bad example of language aqcuisition? It sounds to me like the guy learned what he was studying, and learned it very efficiently. If I remember correctly, most school curricular will have you learn 3000 characters in 3 years, and most students won't be proficient in them when finishing. Ofcourse, if his goal was to chit-chat about the weather, then obviously he wouldn't learn that since he didn't practice it, but it sounds like he could read a newspaper after only 1.5 years of study, which I for one find rather impressive. In Denmark photos are expected too. The argument is, that it gives you a better impression of the person. You do it for the same reason as why you show up to the interview in a suit and tie. As for the race arguement: If the employer is going to cut you based on race or looks, it's better to save both of you time and cut out the first interview. It is also commonplace in Japan and Korea. Other people in this thread seem to imply this is a 3rd world kinda thing. Not at all. The way I read it was that it is surprising that it is there at all. Apparently a lot of android devices don't have one, and don't have time to collect pseudo random data for their software rng to make secure certificates when you boot it for the first time, which posses a security risk for android devices. That's how I read the article in relation to recent news. If you are connected to the internet, why not get your randomness from http://www.random.org/ ? 840 usd for an off-contract high-end smartphone isn't unreasonable. A 64gb iPhone 5 off-contract is more expensive, and that's half the space. So yes, you can compare it to current devices, and it sounds like it is beating them. How would you run cron without cron? And it only checks if it needs to run a job at page load, it doesn't actually run it everytime, which isn't that big of a deal to check. Wordpress has a very high focus on readable code which does seem to affect it's speed. But it is easy to use, setup and hack, which is why it is popular. And as Yahoo and wordpress.com clearly shows, it does scale. The iPhone is priced at over 600usd unlocked. From 720usd in Hong Kong, which match US pricing very closely ( can't find it on apple's us store unlocked) I don't think it's naive to price a high end phone above what is essentially the most mainstream phone available. Which they didn't considering theirs have 128gb memory. Who the hell knows which month they signed up? I signed up over 6 years ago. I think it is unfair to expect people to save their original email confirmation mail for upwards to 10 years (skype was released in 2003), especially given that nowhere in the mail it says that this is really important to keep. Given that netflix offers 1 month free subscription, I kinda get why they won't delete accounts completely. Else people could just sign up, delete and sign up again for free netflix. Gathering question answer pairs for training their answering algorithm in google search. Bookmarks bar is hidden by default. Don't complain about your own customization. https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/fx/?utm_source=firefox... That is simply not true. You could not write a whole CMS with plugin-api, template system, image manipulation, user roles, auto-installer (and auto updater of plug-ins and entire install), comments system, image galleries, media manager as well as a administration backend (that mind you not only needs to work, but also needs to be designed visually) as well as a high quality default theme. Where do you guys get off saying such things? It's a completely absurd statement. Of course you can't do that. Except that doesn't work for: * 100's of people over long timespans. * Remembering what that person you met at the bar last night was called. Figuring out who "insert random name you stumbled upon in your phonebook" is. Modern humans have networks way bigger than we can handle in just our mind and we need written records (contact books, diaries, letters, business cards, whatever) in order to be able to handle large quantities of data, such as these social and professional networks we tend to keep. This app is great. It doesn't support the phonetic spelling fields, though. It also needs email and note fields. When clicking a contact from the left-hand menu, it doesn't show the location. So there is lot's of room for development, but this start is sleek and extremely handy! I have already paid for an app that only does half of this one, and I am willing to pay again to get a fuller set of features! My personal hack for helping remember people is I use the company field as a tag. So people I meet in a bar will get the bar name in that field, people from school will get the school name, people from work, will get work name, clubs etc. The nice thing about this is you can search for company name, so I can just type in "study group" and I get all the contacts in my study group up as a result. No, because just before the quoted sentence he qualifies the success criteria to be largest share of the only growing PC segment. Even the incumbent is the largest, as long as it is declining, and the challenger, albeit small, but is growing, the challenger is usually considered a success in the market place. >It is now they who depend on Canonical to reach and interact >with the vast majority of FLOSS desktop users. It doesn't say depend on to be able to write code. Or depend on to be able to have a github account. Or depend on to be able to exist. It says depend on to reach and interact with the vast majority of FLOSS desktop users. Yes you will. You just don't have free access to it online. Why is that retarded? You've never been to China, have you? Access to gmail is spotty and unreliable, like most other google services. Android phones connect to Chinese android market and most have alternative chinese only app markets. If google where to stop access to android market, people would get pissed, but switch app-provider. For the rest, these are barely used services. I don't even think hangouts are accessible, since it's a part of Google+, which is blocked. Maps? Year, it's nice, but so is Baidu maps. Picasa? Which economy is impacted by picasa? > China's weakness is they cannot censor where it crimps the economy too much. It's brilliant. While this is true, google is not one of them. esc stops page loading, not javascript execution. Gmail is essentially a javascript application. As someone who doesn't really know anything about scala, why is this a cool thing? While such an early release is definitely aimed at scala enthusiast, I'd still like a sales pitch for the rest of us.