> I'm strongly in favor of allowing more efficient video formats to be used in their place anywhere that supports animated GIFs because that actually kills their niche. Haven't the sites that can be bothered to encode animated images as MP4 already done so and switched to the tag? Who is left now in 2022 with GIF that would actually switch to MP4 and not just keep GIF, support for which seems to be in no danger of being removed? Especially since you'd still have to worry about backward compatibility, because neither Chrome nor Firefox have implemented mp4 yet. > Having to individually play each reaction image would make them unusable. Good, I'm not a fan of them ;-) > The proper way to handle this is to respect the prefers-reduced-motion CSS media feature. There's a big difference between clicking to play an animation and never playing an animation. The element uses the former. But prefers-reduced-motion seems more appropriate for the latter. In any case, why wouldn't prefers-reduced-motion also make reaction animations unusable? > Also if you forbid animated gifs, you should go one step further and forbid animated SVGs! Nobody is suggesting to forbid animated images. The suggestion is that they respect the user's autoplay preferences, so you can make them click to play, like a video. > though autoplay is often abused by (American, for some reason) news sites to dump their stupid ads onto me I discovered this feature from an ad on CNN. > In other browsers you may need an addon to accomplish this. That's the problem though. I make an extension that stops autoplaying videos. But the extension doesn't work on mp4, because has none of the API of a element. There's no autoplay attribute, there's no JavaScript play and pause, no video controls, no DOM events. The mp4 is effectively walled off. > This would guarantee that `reduce` doesn't break any existing experiences, while still providing the option for those with vestibular motion disorders. I don't have a vestibular motion disorder. I just don't want videos to autoplay. A lot of people don't want videos, or gifs, to autoplay. Do we actually need anything other than the existing "Never Auto-Play" preference? > I love animated gifs that auto play That's fine, as long as the browser respects user autoplay preferences, then every user gets what they want. > So much great internet meme culture revolves around gifs Technically speaking, it's not clear how much this is true anymore. Many sites such as Twitter use rather than GIF. I love gifs in the loose sense, i.e., short-form videos. But from a technical standpoint, gifs are kind of an abomination: "The Graphics Interchange Format is not intended as a platform for animation, even though it can be done in a limited way." https://www.w3.org/Graphics/GIF/spec-gif89a.txt > Apple's CEO, COO and "head of services" all have degrees from Duke University Why do you mention this? Duke awards thousands of degrees every year. It's a highly ranked university, but the number of people in the world with degrees from highly ranked universities is massive. It's not rare. > I honestly think we're very biased towards assuming our senior corporate leaders are foolish and misguided. I honestly think we're very biased towards assuming our senior corporate leaders are gods and not fallible mortals. All humans make mistakes. Very bad mistakes. Even very smart people. Depending on circumstances and level of power, some people suffer the consequences of their mistakes, and others don't. One common mistake of leaders is to surround themselves with "yes men" who never criticize them or tell them the truth. Leaders can become very detached from reality, but their power allows them to survive and even thrive in a state of reality detachment. And these leaders always have people who will defend them no matter what and paint them as infallible geniuses because of their power, which is part of what contributes to never suffering the consequences of mistakes. > The chances of the top three (four?) executives at any given giant multinational company all holding degrees from the same institution is pretty small. Not really. Colleges are social networks. Alumni favor each other. Facebook and Google were both founded at colleges. > I don’t think there is an intent to malign Duke I read it the opposite way, as attempting to say that having degrees from Duke somehow makes Apple leadership uniquely capable: "all have degrees from Duke University and 30 year careers in supply chain management". > but it is noteworthy. It's some interesting trivia. But it's not clear why it's noteworthy in the context of the discussion of secrecy at Apple. Tim Cook got an MBA at Duke, Jeff Williams got an MBA at Duke. Tim Cook was at IBM, Jeff Williams was at IBM. Tim Cook joined Apple in operations, Jeff Williams joined Apple in operations. Do you think those are all just random chance coincidences? > people who have prefers-reduced-motion enabled most likely don't want animating reaction images (they're a perfect example of the sort of motion that this setting is supposed to suppress). I don't want AUTO-animating images. That's a crucial distinction. I still want to be able to see the animation, if desired. It should be under user control. Reduced motion is not the kind of thing you can trivially turn off and on. You have to go layers deep into settings to find and change it. This is why click to play is the correct answer here. > What I'm curious about is why they thought they were right when they made the decision. This may be important to determine liability in a malpractice lawsuit, but otherwise I'm not sure why we should care much why someone was mistaken if we're all agreed that the decision was mistaken. The difference here is that we're not even agreed that Apple's culture of secrecy is wrong. It's a controversy. If we're talking about a diagnostic error by a doctor, we're assuming there's no controversy over whether it was actually wrong. Two vastly different scenarios: 1) Tim Cook made a mistake but made the best decision he could given the information at the time. 2) Tim Cook didn't make a mistake. If you're willing to agree on 1, and that Apple's culture should change, then I'm happy to grant you "made the best decision he could given the information at the time", or at least not argue it too much, because the culture is the important matter, and not the thoughts inside Tim Cook's brain. "Assume he's smart" is vastly different than "Assume he's right". There are many times in my career when I look at code that I'd previously written and wonder "What the heck was I thinking???" It's an interesting question psychologically, but still, I fully recognize that the code I wrote was bad. And regardless of how much time I spend on post-mortem analysis, the crucial thing is to fix the code. > You can remember them. Can you? I can remember some domains , but I can't recall many full URLs that I remember, except perhaps some that I use almost daily. Certainly not a blog post that I'll read only once. > You can tell someone. You can even say it out loud! If the other person is going to write down the URL, I'm not sure there's a difference here. Giving someone your email address over the phone is already a painful experience no matter what. Always have to make sure the dots are in the right place. And if the first point is wrong — "You can remember them." — then making it a little shorter over the phone isn't all that advantageous, because they're going to write it down or type it anyway, not memorize it. > During the 1880-1950 we were causing massive disasters all around, literally nuking cities. But that period is also where we came up with virtually all of technology that makes the modern world: cars, planes, radio, computers, nuclear power, jet propulsion. What is your concrete suggestion for taking more risks? Surely not nuking more cities? Having more world wars? Shall we declare war on Russia and send troops to Ukraine? Would that create more "progress"? > Otherwise, it has been a time of stagnation. How so? To take one example: we had a killer virus come out of nowhere, but we were able to develop effective vaccines for the virus almost immediately. The "slow" part was just the safety testing, not the vaccine development. Would this have been possible during the 1880-1950 era? Science and technology continues rapidly; I'm quite puzzled by the stagnation comment. In 2022, we all have computers in our pockets that are vastly more powerful than anything from 1950, and we can use these pocket computers to instantly communicate with anyone on the planet. > We are on the brink of world war three and the UN's only reason for existing is to prevent that from happening again, but instead of doing its job What do you think the UN is supposed to do when one of the permanent members of the Security Council with veto power decides to go to war? The foundation of the UN depended crucially on the temporary alliance between the United States and the Soviet Union during World War II. This alliance quickly fell apart though, leading to the long "Cold War", which arguably still exists, apart from a short lull in the 1990s. When the US and Russia are at odds, it's almost impossible for the UN to perform its function. The veto power of the permanent Security Council members ensures that the UN has no enforcement mechanism over those individual nations. This was by design of the founding nations: the United States and Soviet Union never gave the United Nations the power to constrain the United States and Soviet Union. Having said that, World War III not inevitable. There were only 20 years between WW1 and WW2, while we've gone more than 75 years since WW2, so maybe the UN has done its job? > I want less government in every way - let local people decide for themselves what they want to do. Have you considered that local people might decide to form tribes, arm themselves with weapons, kill a bunch of people, and impose their own new government by force? This is what often, perhaps inevitably, happens when there's a power vacuum. The United Nations was formed in the aftermath of World War II, during which local people decided what they wanted to do was invade other countries and commit mass murder. "If government just gets out of the way, then everyone will play together nicely and peacefully" is never how it works. The key is to maintain a healthy balance between government and personal freedom. It's a difficult balance to maintain, but the alternatives — authoritarianism or anarchy — are always worse. > War driving technology forward is a pretty popular idea I would say less morbidly that government investment often drives technology forward. Sadly, wartime seems to be the only time when many people are willing to invest in government. > it's plausible that if modern society survived WWIII it would create more progress... for the survivors. That's the problem with war driving technology forward. The military technology has been driven forward to the level where modern society surviving WWIII is questionable. > So if let's say, Myanmar doesn't stop using CFCs. What's your solution? Send in some Blue Helmets to enforce global law? But this is exactly why UN conspiracy theories are such a joke. The UN hardly ever enforces anything, because they can't. And the few times it does, it's typically US soldiers operating only nominally under the UN. The UN is a bogeyman for ultranationalists, but it's mostly just issuing advisory guidelines with very little force behind them. It's not a global tyranny. > A few hundred million will die in the top end of what we expect, but that's acceptable. And this is clearly the position of most people, so I'm comfortably in the majority here. Citation, please? I'd love to see the polls saying that several hundred million deaths are ok with most people. From what I've seen, increased government action on climate change polls very well among the public, e.g., https://www.pewresearch.org/science/2020/06/23/two-thirds-of... Abstract: "Americans’ hostility toward political opponents has intensified to a degree not fully explained by actual ideological polarization. We propose that political animosity may be based particularly on partisans’ overestimation of the prevalence of extreme, egregious views held by only a minority of opponents but imagined to be widespread." You: "There's objective measurements that the democrats moved far left creating the polarization." Hmm. Could it be that you're... overestimating? > As I said... wilfred social science... I don't know what the point is supposed to be here. > Here's a nice visual graph that I like: https://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2014/06/12/7-things-to ... > Go put your finger on the republican line and see where it moves. Ok. I downloaded the gif and went through it frame by frame. What it shows is that the Median Democrat stayed exactly the same during 1998-2011, while the Median Republican moved right the whole period of 2004-2011. Anyway, this story is from 2014, so it's missing the last 8 years. > That's a long way from "nothing is happening." Who are you quoting? Nobody said that. This seems like a non sequitur. 1) Do you have any evidence that the price of gas affects who people vote for? (And what about the prices of other things that are vastly more expensive, like health care, education, and housing?) 2) Do you actually believe that in a privately financed duopoly, elected politicians are responsive to voter preferences as opposed to donor preferences? For example, voters overwhelming favor campaign finance reform. Whereas campaign donors and elected politicians overwhelmingly disfavor campaign finance reform. 3) Does most of the public actually understand and believe in the consequences of climate change, in the stark terms that you've stated? Whether the public favors a particular course of action at the present, and whether the public favors the ultimate consequences of that course of action, are two entirely separate questions. The fact that you, by your own admission, are perfectly willing to participate in killing hundreds of millions of people, with foreknowledge and eyes wide open, doesn't imply that everyone else feels the same way. One does not simply become a fascist dictator without a large number of fascist followers and sympathizers. It's not like Hitler invented racism. He was charismatic, and thereby became a leader of the movement, but he wasn't a magical pied piper. He told people what they wanted to hear. Anyway, I'm not sure what the argument is supposed to be, because there's always someone instigating. The Hitler example just reinforces the point about power vacuums and weak governments. Hitler only served 8 months in prison for a coup attempt (the Beer Hall Putsch) against the Weimar Republic, an extremely weak response that did almost nothing to stop his rise to power. > Just conventional wisdom that inflation is bad for votes. This was my point in mentioning the prices of health care, education, and housing. You switched the argument from gas inflation to general inflation. High gas prices are annoying to anyone who buys gas, but there's no reason to think that gas prices in particular drive votes, or that voters would prioritize gas prices over global warming. > what’s the evidence that they actually favour campaign finance reform? It’s one thing to say it. It’s another to act in a sense where it’s a priority. If the only options are vanilla and sherbet, how do I express my preference for chocolate? Voters don't get to vote on policies, they only get to vote on individual politicians, on one day every 2 to 4 years. It's not much of choice, very hard to express your individual policy preferences that way. A politician is a collection of a number of different policy positions, although the connection between what the politician says and what the politician does is tenuous at best. In general, politicians of both parties are held in very low esteem by voters. Voters often plug their noses and reluctantly choose the lesser of evils, rarely getting exactly what they want. I didn't say that campaign finance reform is a higher priority to voters than "bread and butter" issues. All I'm saying is that it's very widely favored among voters, and very widely disfavored among wealthy campaign donors, because of course the latter greatly benefit from the system of legalized bribery. The only reason not to pass campaign finance reform is if you benefit from this system of bribery. What are the "revealed preferences" of people who don't vote? How can you tell whether (1) they don't care, (2) they feel powerless and disillusioned by politics, or (3) some other reason. That's actually not revealed in the mere (in)action. > Now that I think about it, I can’t recall the evidence for climate change being bad. Please don't pretend that consequences of climate change aren't a matter of great public controversy, with literally millions of people claiming it's not a problem or no big deal. Maybe you and I accept what most scientists say, but not everyone does. And it's taken decades of scientists trying to hammer their points home to have a significant effect on the non-scientific public. It's always difficult to try to peer into the future and evaluate possible consequences of current actions. > Ah! This I have evidence against. Senators have high approval ratings! https://morningconsult.com/senator-rankings/ Your evidence seems to show the opposite of your conclusion. According to this data, only 14 out of 100 senators have an approval rating of higher than 50%. Mostly small state senators. It looks like the data is 2 years old, but I doubt that voters are much more approving now. > All I have to do is avoid finding out about moral situations and I am automatically doing the right thing. We're not talking about morality here, we're talking about whether voting is an accurate reflection of a person's "values" - moral values, immoral values, self-interested values, whatever they happen to be. I'm arguing that voting is a very poor, opaque indicator of that, given the constraints of voting. I'd also mention that big moneyed interests have spent big money on propaganda against the science of climate change. It's not simply a matter of a person learning what is uncontroversial, like math; there's a war of ideas occurring in public, and sides must be chosen. Often friends and family are on the opposite side of the debate, which is never easy to live with. Who do you trust, anonymous scientists or... your parents who love you and raised you?