Thanks for your kind words. In reality I was somewhat headed in that direction. I started a tech business out of my garage about 12 years ago. Self funded. A manufacturing business. Based out of the US. Tough and capital intensive. After moving out of the garage I grew it to the point of having, under one roof, just about anything you'd need to design and manufacture quite a range of products: EDA tools, lab, prototyping equipment, fully-stocked Haas CNC shop, etc. Then 2008 happened. Long story short, we were not ready for the financial test that the economic downturn brought forth. After twelve long years of hard work the business went under. So, yes, I am basically broke. The problem with launching a robotics business is that it is very capital intensive. And, if it happens to be about humanoid robotics the potential for revenue is fairly limited. Most real humanoid robotics is still in the research domain. I don't know if I am interested in making toys. Maybe I should consider it. Still, making physical products is capital intensive and there's a very long delay between investment and revenue generation. Unless doing something relatively trivial the runway required is orders of magnitude greater than for, say, an Internet startup. My guess is that there is no way to get into humanoid robotics research without a degree. Even if one wanted to explore SBIR funding opportunities you need the legitimacy that degrees provide. I don't know everything. In fact, I am keenly aware of just how much I don't know. However, constant learning is a way of life for an engineer. And that's exactly what I've been doing my whole life. This, for me, seems to be one of those "if you can't beat them, join them" moments. University of Illinois keeps coming up as a good option. Frankly, I am not sure about some of the "easy" programs out there. For example, there's a BS in CS program out of the University of Atlanta that costs $12K for the entire program. A superficial look of at the program gives me the idea that it might just be a waste of money. For reference, UofI cost about four times that much. Nah. Apple should turbocharge education. Education is not free and it certainly isn't open. You pay for it with your taxes; the government decides what goes in the books and curriculum and unions don't let us create a competitive marketplace where bad teachers evaporate from the radar and truly good teachers compete and make two or three times the money they make today while providing a better education. Much like anything that government touches, the system is a mess and our competitors are eating us alive. I'll check them out. Thanks. This is all bad karma for Google. At some point they'll do this to the wrong person and, when that happens, I do hope that they pay the price in mega-bucks. This is no way to treat decent and honest partners. It is, without a doubt, being evil. I experienced another surreal variant of this a few years ago. We had some 200 domains in GoDaddy's "Cash Parking" program. They were there for probably a year when someone made the observation that the ads on these parked domains were all served by Google. Google, at the time, offered something called "AdSense for Domains". We decided to switch all domains to Google's domain parking program and cut out GoDaddy. No delusions here, neither service was going to make any money but it seemed a better idea to let parked domains host relevant ads without unpaid GoDaddy ads. Now, to be clear, when you make this switch Google controls the content on the domains and, of course, they own search. All went well. The domains started to show ads as expected. Then, out of nowhere, Goggle kills our account. No recourse. No intelligent conversations. A totalitarian and decidedly-evil "we are done" of sorts. Not one person from the office clicked on any ads. Far too busy making real money to do crap like that. Several of the domains we parked belonged to clients for whom legitimate sites were being created. Google's actions were brutally violent. There's almost no other way to describe it. Being that they are a de-facto monopoly I would imagine that a time might come when they migh lock horns with exactly the wrong person or entity and end-up on the receiving end of congressional action or some such thing. I really do hope this happens and that they suffer serious damage because of it. It is so ironic and frustrating to come across site after site with crap content full of Google ads and, on the other hand, to see honest site operators being punished by having an important source of revenue cut-off like that. I love many of Google's products but AdSense and AdWords' management, policies and their brutal handling of honest users who add nothing but value is nothing less than evil. Absolutely agreed. That said, Google offered this "AdSense for Domains" and we used it. As a reward for doing so they killed our account. Unbelievable! The bigger question in my mind is: Why use the Apple authoring tool in the first place? Writing a book is a lot of work. It is a huge investment in time and money. I would think that it would be far smarter to author it using a tool that allows output in a myriad of formats. And, yes, one of those formats could be ibook, but not the only one. Pink Floyd Mozart Bach These people need to be found and they need to go to jail for a very, very long time. The best possible response from the hacker community is to help dig these people out of their caves and turn them in. Why? Because this represents yet one more step towards the criminalization of the Internet. And this provides yet more fuel for politicians to get behind nonsense like SOPA. Keep this up and the Internet as you know it today will not be for long. There is no possible good outcome from these kinds of actions. Either we police our own ranks or they will do it for us. The difference is that politicians will use a sledge-hammer for surgery rather than a scalpel. Be the scalpel. Brought to you by: https://path.com/team Their collective decision making has proven to be a huge liability. Would you hire them for your next venture? A 14 year old girl could tell you that her address book is private, private, private! I find the downvotes interesting. It seems that some in the HN community are OK with crime and intellectual property theft. Sad. That doesn't make it right. Privacy is privacy. What happens when their servers get hacked and all of that info is out in the open? This ranks way up there with storing passwords in plain text. OK, sure, the entire team isn't at fault, but one or a few people are. I would not want those people making decisions that could take down my business. No way. Downvotes me all you want. The fact remains that, if you asked a teenage girl if it would be OK to grab her address book without consent it is very clear what kind of an answer you'd get. Why is it that a bunch of smart adults think that they can get away with it then? The apology is bullshit. They knew what they were doing and got caught. As far as only HN caring, I'll bet that users of this app would disagree with you on that point. How many people do you know that are OK with a company of strangers secretly downloading their private data onto their servers? This, in my opinion, is a very serious transgression. Next: Zynga! Please. Restore balance to the force! The way Google deals with AdWords and AdSense, shall we say, quality evaluation and banning is broken. The process looks totalitarian and brutal on the receiving end. The potential to get banned forever isn't conducive to learning and is simply too risky to even consider as a source of income. I for one insists that people ignore AdSense and try to generate revenue through other means. There's nothing worst than a bully cutting off your revenue stream without recourse. I do understand that they are faced with gobs and gobs of fraud and scam-artists. I get it. However, if the problem is so large that they must hurt honest people on a regular basis in order to deal with the bad guys I think they are in over their heads. It might be far smarter to have an open process where Google throttles down your account until you fix problems. And, yes, they'd have to tell you what is wrong so you can address it. Some might argue that this will simply give scam-artists and abusers more insight into how to game the system. Another way to look at it is that, if honest people follow the guidelines those gaming the system will become far more visible and, Google would be able to focus on new mutations of the bad-guy gene to stomp them out. In other words, tell me what I am doing wrong and restrict my account to n ads per day/week/month for three months until I fix x,y,z. Don't hit me over the head with a sledge hammer and wave good-bye forever. >the more likely truth is that the Path folk genuinely saw nothing wrong with what they were doing A child would know that this was wrong. It's that simple. Apply those questions to companies such as Google, Facebook, eBay, Amazon, etc. and you'll reveal the futility of using three simple questions (or a dozen) to judge the value of a startup or an idea. When doing this you have to mentally rewind to the period in time when they were founded and let go of the knowledge you have about the environment as it exists today. I think there's only one way: Startup: Build -> Measure -> Adjust -> Iterate. Failure: Pivot -> Try again. Attitude: Never give up. When you succeed, write a really insightful blog post telling everyone how just three questions gave you the formula to create your instant success. Good step in the right direction. However, you are going to work just as hard, if not harder, than a local student and not get credit that can be used towards a proper university degree. I understand that this is an experiment. I get it. But, maybe MIT could offer the option to pass the actual course with full credit by examination once a student gets a passing grade on the MITx course? It just seems like a lot of work for a certificate that might not carry much, if any, real weight. There are a good number of online degree programs where your work will actually go towards a degree. The model I'd love to see goes something like this: Enroll in MITx. Study on your own. Pass. Then, on an annual basis, there's an opportunity to come to MIT, take a test, do some labs and get credit and grade on the real class towards a degree. People from all over the world would be open to that approach. Now, if all you want is the knowledge while participating in a really neat experiment, by all means, full steam ahead. "Never give up" doesn't mean that you stay with a failed idea or business. It means that failure doesn't take you down. You learn from the failure and move on. The vast majority of entrepreneurs fail far more often than succeed. My question would be about SEO. Don't you run the risk of making a site that looks like a single (or just a few) pages regardless of how deep your content might be? There's a far more fundamental problem in the US: The system and methods of government have degenerated to the point of not producing anything of value. A visitor from another planet would probably laugh hysterically at how ridiculous the whole thing looks like from the outside. Is this what the Roman Empire looked like? My attempt to be culturally neutral. You can always blame Martians and nobody will get upset. Time for GoDaddy to go out of business. I'll do my small part. I have over 200 domains registered with them as well as a couple servers (to play with, not for anything important). I'll start to transfer everything as soon as I identify a registrar that won't fuck over their clients like this. Any registrar care to make a statement of loyalty here on HN so we know that you have our backs? I am really starting to think that a coalition of large internet companies needs to stage a full and real shutdown. I am talking about something substantial, like a full day. This would send a strong message home to idiots running this country. This could be advertised and announced on a daily basis over the Internet and TV for a full month. Then, on that Monday morning, all services go quiet for a day while displaying an appropriate announcement on their sites. If the event is well communicated to all users this should protect all involved from legal action. If you've been told about it every day for thirty days that should pretty much cover it. Due process should apply to everything. We want due process. Sites that engage in criminal behavior are one thing, but, when the government is the criminal you are dealing with something entirely different. Time to make noise again? Frankly, cost and a call from a GoDaddy rep. I decided to hang tight and see how it played out. Mission accomplished. Now it's just a matter of deciding where to go. I have zero interest in playing musical registrars. Are they doing any deals for transferring hundreds of domains?