Looks neat, but is there that much difference between silverback or just recording people using screenflow? I get the idea of the chapter marking, and I guess it probably helps if you're trying to track 10+ subjects at a time... I've not used it "specifically" for testing, but have let people use a site and record via screenflow. I wasn't being terribly scientific about it at the time tho. :) Apparently it's not quite battled-tested yet: http://gyazo.com/b206847fc013a9985f43cdaa7d066f9b.png Sorry I didn't reply before. Not as interesting as I'd hoped - I either needed to give more direction, or need to use a bigger group next time. "length of stay doesn't correlate accurately with technical skill at all" They're not looking for technical skill - at least, not as a primary factor. They're looking for people who will stick around even when things get crappy, will put up with internal political maneuverings, people who will grit their teeth and deal with annoying coworkers and will tend to stay even when there's better short term offers. For the company this is a win on a number of levels. Less cost of retraining new hires and the lost productivity that comes with new people entering a shop. Less need to get institutional knowledge out of people and in to documented systems. Freedom to experiment with new directions, because if things go south, they'll have a 'loyal' team who will stick around anyway. These aren't necessarily good or bad, just how it is. So, keep that in mind. Companies often are not looking for top-notch software skills, but a 'whole package', and they'll way often settle for 'good enough' on the whole package, even if it means average software skills. slick - thanks for the tip! Any advantages of this over other grid systems, besides size? Any drawbacks? "These don't make any sense to me because there are already apps that perfectly fulfill those needs if people have them." Obviously not. Those other apps don't offer the simplicity and UI experience that yours does. What you're offering is resonating with some people, but they want what you have right now plus more . People are telling you this, and you're just telling them to go away and use another tool? Your prerogative, but you're asking how to take this to the 'next level', and your users are already telling you how - you don't need to ask HN. "They will probably just stick with Word, but they will often still find the LaTeX-produced resumes better looking" Can someone show me examples of what constitutes "better looking" when comparing these two tools for CVs? The comparison seems a bit unfair, in that the SQL Server stuff is going to be installing a boatload more stuff - much of which will be useful to administration (management tools - backups, schema mgt, etc). In cases where you don't need that, pg or mysql can win, but a SQL Server install is so much more than just the engine. Doesn't seem all that stupid to me. It's just a tool. Certainly, if someone happens to find out that I've got card 2e9c9735b1c972c8 and that I use every other letter from the blue row for my bank password, yes, I'm in trouble, but that's enough obscurity for me. Better yet, I'll simply look like I'm using the card, but actually using my trust old " " for my real password! Excellent points. I might take a bit of exception with the 'focus on what you're good at', with the reply that some people may simply be really good generalists. Besides understanding tech, you generally need to have good people skills. Between good social skills and having a good graps on the tech to serve your clients, you may not need to become a domain expert on DNS, or email spam filters, or CSS3, or JavaScript, or any number of tech skills (or business domain skills). Sometimes being able to parse out a client's problem and bring in the appropriate freelance skills when necessary may be the best skill you have. That said, you have to know yourself. If you're really passionate about search, go become a Lucene expert and become the 'go to search guy' in your area (or perhaps even in a vertical). Isolation can hurt - I have regular phone calls with a distributed group of guys who are all in similar (yet different) career stages as me, and we bounce ideas off each other, critique, offer support and skills when needed, and so on. Hearing real people on a phone helps much more than solely email or forums. phatbyte - I'd like to pick your brain a bit more - mgkimsal@gmail.com please if you're so inclined. Thanks. I seem to remember some pundit stating they believed the reason AT&T agreed to the initial pricing in the first place was that they didn't think many people would be using 3G on the ipad, preferring wifi instead. Can anyone find that quote or story? I'm drawing a blank, but it seemed to be one of the stupidest things I'd read in a while at that point. My guess is that people have been using so much 3G data that AT&T realizes they'll be in a horrible situation as the iPad adoption grows - could be 4-5 million 3G devices with long battery life basically in an 'always on' state, using up far more bandwidth than anyone predicted. That said, I just can not figure out why people can't seem to predict this. Most active users (the early adopters) can easily use 5-10 gig on a ipad as part of their 'always on' lifestyle. This isn't rocket science. I think this is the same with most people putting out inspirational/motivational material. At some point, it isn't inspirational to you , but it still is to others. That means you've grown and developed, and other people can too. I used to listen to Dave Ramsey a lot years ago to get some motivation and get certain things drilled in to my head. After about the 300th show, I could tell you about 95% of the time what he was going to say, almost word for word. That doesn't mean it's bad or he's repetitive (well, he is) but that it's 'worked' already - I don't really need that type of motivation in my life as I once did, as it did the trick. Yahoo was categorized early on, and gave you a sense of what was available by topic. Until there was a critical mass of web data, something like Google might not have taken off. CL taking a google style approach from day one would have been a failure, imo, because there wasn't a critical mass, and open ended 'google-style searching' for stuff on small amounts of data usually leads to 'nothing found' - not a good experience. I get the 'true open source' idea at core, but am trying to come up with something for them which balances out their needs with wanting it to be somewhat open. It's not competition... well, sort of. It's something being developed by a local government and they do not want the taxpayers money to be developing something that someone will take and resell back to the same constituents by simply using some advertising. At least, that's my current understanding (and as a taxpayer, I sort of agree). Dual-license GPL seems sort of like the way to go, or potentially even the Affero/GPL approach? Their idea is that this may be something other agencies in other states might be able to reuse, and they don't want to put restrictions on that, but are concerned that someone will take the code and 'sell' it, when it's been taxpayer $ funding it. http://wiki.creativecommons.org/FFAQ#Can_I_license_software_... "Can I license software using CC licenses? We do not recommend it. Creative Commons licenses should not be used for software." yeah, the dual-license and selling stuff is already something I mentioned and have counseled against (not that they were really considering doing it yet). Still exploring alternatives. If you have enough savings, you can go with a 'high deductible' plan, in which you cover the first $x thousand dollars out of pocket, then split some costs with insurer, then insurer covers you after $y dollars spent. The price is highly dependent on what state you live in. In North Carolina, I have a high deductible plan with a $5500 deductible for $270/month, which covers my wife and I, both older than you, and we're not in perfect health. A side benefit is that if you use a high-deductible plan, you're allowed to put money in a 'health savings account' which is tax deductible, and you can use that money to pay for pretty much any medical expenses you have. It rolls over year to year, and can be treated like any other retirement account (investments, etc). If you go with more traditional 'i don't ever want to pay anything out of pocket' coverage, you'll likely be looking in the $500-$1000/month range, again, depending on what state you're living in. For a single person in Michigan, for example, it might only be around $200 - http://www.bcbsm.com/myblue/plan_individualcareblue.shtml but similar coverage with a 'high deductible' might only be $60/month - http://www.bcbsm.com/myblue/plan_flexibleblue.shtml That's not an HSA then - that's a 'cafeteria plan' thing I bet. HSA is your own account via an HSA-capable banking institution. It's basically just another IRA, but you can pay for medical expenses from it with no penalties. The 'cafeteria plans', IMO, are a bit of a joke, specifically because of the 'use it or lose it' clause, which forces people to waste money or buy stuff they don't need. I did have one HR person tell me once that they'd cut you a check back for the diff if it wasn't spent, but then it counts as 'taxable income' and this was said with some degree of gravity, as if that was some type of 'ultimate sin' - having taxable income! I'd rather keep the 70% of my money rather than spending it on something vaguely 'medical' that I do not need, thank you. ask them to cover your travel costs at the very least (flight/car/hotel/food). ask them afterwards what they might have paid, or what they might typically pay for a speaker on this subject or of your (limited) fame. Given that you've not done it before, and you've done it for free, you must like the talk/topic, so ease in to this with travel costs covered. They may see fit to give you a small honorarium of a few hundred dollars on top of that. Is there a choice in inkjet printers that will provide you with a list of 3rd party ink suppliers, and perhaps even encourage use of recycled inks from 3rd parties? If so, how would people know about that until after they'd 'voted with their wallet' and purchased the product? If you really love your tools right now, don't switch. I would suggest learning something else, though (I chose Grails a few years ago), because at the very least it'll give you a new appreciation for your toolset. You'll understand the strengths more, you may identify some weaknesses (either inherent in your tools or how you use them) and start to think about how to use your own chosen tools better. I split my time between PHP and Grails now, for the most part (some occasional other work) and knowing both I have a better idea of how/when to use specific approaches. You may end up hating your PHP toolset after a while using something else, because you'll start noticing how verbose PHP makes some tasks (using a framework like symfony can sometimes reduce that). Or you may recoil at how ugly some of the Ruby or Python stuff feels to you. You won't know until you try, but I think everyone should take some time to learn a moderately different platform at some point, if only to help to understand your own platform better. Hey mindcrime - I'm up for it, but somewhere closer to my side of town would be great. Morrisville/BrierCreek would be acceptable. :) FWIW, I'm organizing a wake forest area tech/web meetup as well soon. One of the issues I've seen with Basecamp is that it's bought quite a lot - I've done contracting work for a number of companies large and small in my area, and most of them had used basecamp in the past or were still paying for it when I got there. Problem was, no one was using it 'right'. Based on the comments here, and other critiques I've read, it seems to be a good fit to a far smaller group of orgs than people think (especially the people who buy it). They end up beating their heads against the wall, or abandoning web-based PM tools altogether - "well, we tried the leader and it doesn't work for us - we're too unique and special, so we'll just keep doing everything on paper" (not actual words, but the gist I've heard before). So 37S ends up being phenomenal marketers that have a service many people want to buy, but more people buy it than can get real value out of it because it wasn't built for their needs in the first place. Certainly 37S is not ultimately responsible for people continuing to pay for something that doesn't work, but they do a pretty good sales job via word-of-mouth evangelism, even when it's a poor fit for an org's needs. Maybe too good? It's meant to be used in conjunction with her instructor-led classes, so it won't necessarily be the same as something that was written explicitly to be a 'book'. That said, Rebecca's very sharp, knows her stuff, and how to communicate and explain things well in person. I haven't read this yet, but assume much of that will translate to the written word.