F8 is Facebook's developer conference, not their platform. Their platform, surprisingly enough, is called Facebook Platform. Check out http://www.pequrl.com It's by a friend of mine and not super pretty, but it works! I'm down for a San Francisco meetup Anyone from SF driving down and interested in carpooling? Interesting idea...just for reference, I ran it on a recent blog post of mine: http://www.ryanwaggoner.com/2008/08/how-simple-is-too-simple... (sorry for the spam :-) Overall, I would say that it was most useful when it was pointing out things like passive voice or cliches, and less useful when telling me to replace relatively simple words or phrases with even simpler ones. Some of the words were things like: "feedback", "solicit", "desire", etc. We could certainly replace these with "opinion", "ask for", and "want", but some of the meaning and nuance is lost, especially given the context. I may not be the most eloquent writer, but I'm not writing for a group of 4th-graders. The "dumbing down" of language leads to dumbing down of thought in the long run. That has to be really frustrating as a developer, to know that you could probably prevail in court if you could afford to defend yourself, but since you can't (and they know you can't), the mere threat of a lawsuit is enough to make you fold. Any sympathetic attorneys out there who might want to help the guy out with a bit of advice at least? Sweet...see everyone there! Whew...I was readying my signs to join the Googlers on the picket lines to show solidarity through this difficult time. "But I don't want to be a pro writer of trash novels that are read and discarded on the beaches of the world," he retorted. Given the choice, I'd much rather write the kinds of articles you see in Scientific American or the Economist. By writing for the masses, you must write for the lowest common denominator. No thanks. Give that guy a Klondike bar. Seriously, can someone please give this guy some pro bono legal advice? It would be a shame to lose this just because he didn't know for sure that all he needs to do is change the name. The author is naive if he thinks that this initiative is going to wipe out all the for-profit ventures in this arena. I enjoyed counting up the logical fallacies and incidences of circular reasoning throughout the post, though. That completely sucks. I can't believe that some company thinks they're entitled to what a developer built in his spare time, using no company resources (assuming that's the case, of course). Fuck being owned by some piece of shit corporate machine. I feel like I read somewhere that these types of agreements are usually not enforceable in California, but Freewebs looks like they're headquartered in Maryland (though SGN is in CA), so it might depend on where he was working when this occurred. Regardless, it sounds like bullshit. Hope he fights and wins. You do what you did: you quit. You will never get rich working for someone else. You may make a few million over the course of years, but without ownership, you'll never build true wealth. Chalk it up to learning, start your own thing, don't look back. Or come and work for me ;-) It comes down to petty greed. But it's even worse than greed. It's unbridled greed with no integrity whatsoever. Why build something solid that adds value when you can steal it from someone else who toiled and risked to do so? starting a business with friends and hiring friends are two different things. Looks awesome...great job! "However, they are also potentially gaining a sale from a user who would have not normally purchased their music, but downloaded and decided to buy." The analogy breaks down because music and other forms of media are just pure information, so there is no reason to buy it if you already downloaded it, especially as the friction of obtaining an illegal copy is reduced to zero. I'd like to see some evidence or indication that this is deliberate on any level. Isn't this what Gnip is doing, except that Gnip's solution is readily available to anyone who wants it? In fact, I believe Gnip uses XMPP to push notifications to data consumers, which seems even more efficient. Am I missing something? whoa! that was...unexpected. Whoa...those are some pretty nifty ideas. Sign up for a preview of BlueSwarm.com ;-) Got it. So this is designed to be the piece that allows publishers to easily integrate with intermediate services like Gnip, or with aggregation services like FF, SocialThing, etc. Buying a physical copy of a book is a little different, as it does offer some additional benefit (in terms of portability, different medium, whatever). However, let's say that your argument is that some people will like the author and "buy" a copy of the music they already have, even though that copy offers zero additional benefit to the consumer. That's a donation, not a purchase. I wish more clients realized this and were comfortable with such an arrangement. It does require a great deal of trust in your developer, though.