When I turned 25 I started getting nothing but hard soda ads from YouTube. I don't drink. I went and disabled personalized advertising, and for the first time in years I started seeing ads that tempted me to click through, ads from tech companies about tech. Why the difference? Because YouTube started showing me ads related to the content I'm actually watching rather than based on their faulty neural network profile of me. Obviously this is just one anecdote, but it's illustrative of the point: don't try to advertise either beer or iPhone covers on a car maintenance site. If I'm on a car maintenance site, you know all you need to know about where my interests are at that exact moment. Why try to hijack my attention (difficult when I'm trying to solve a car problem) when you could instead subtly redirect my attention to an ad for a local mechanic? I'm pretty sure they're referring to the end of Roman slavery. Slavery was the foundation of the Roman economy, which wasn't true of Europe's economy again until the colonial period. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_ancient_Rome https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Slavery_in_medieval_Europe It sounds like that was only useful because the language actually had no Boolean type (hence no operations for Boolean types). It doesn't really demonstrate that there is value to a "falsey" 0 in a language that already has a perfectly good value for false. They're commonly used for collecting metrics, such as performance or traffic data. Google has been factoring load times heavily into their search rankings for a while now. While I don't agree with a lot of their priorities, this gives a designer who's so inclined a lot of opportunity for encouraging clients to do the right thing: just show them their site's PageSpeed results, and they'll sober up. Yes, but only as a very small part of a much larger portrait. Cookies, tracking pixels, and browser fingerprinting are much more reliable, especially given that a lot of ISPs don't even assign most of their customers static IPs. Mine changes about once a week. Your Premium subscription gives them the revenue they would have received from the ad you would've watched, but most creators have found that YouTube's monetization is too little and too unreliable to count on. You're paying YouTube far more than the creator, unless you're paying them directly. Does "if it compiles it's bug free" actually work in practice? I've heard a lot of advocates for Haskell and Rust use similar lines to this, but it seems to me like it can only be true for a limited subset of all bugs. Elm's "no runtime errors in production" claim has a more reasonable-sounding scope. Not OP, but I still think that's acceptable. README.md is one of a very small number of places that open source developers can reach their users. Most of the time I only read it once, so if there's an ad there, or a link to their other products, as long as it's not a GIF and they didn't find some way to embed a tracker in README.md, I'm cool with it. It's about as relevant as advertising gets, and it's not coming from a pool of clickbait ads. It's a developer using their open source work to generate interest in the work that pays for it. Oh, I'm not talking about selling ad space. I agree that what Funded did was misguided at best. But what my parent was responding to was the idea of even putting a little ad for a paid product by the same developer or company. If JetBrains, for example, wanted to remind me on the README for Kotlin that they have an IDE that works well with the language, that doesn't offend me. I wouldn't choose mongo for many reasons, but this licensing change isn't one of them. It's in line with the general spirit of the GPL: if you're going to stand on the shoulders of giants, you should allow others to stand on your shoulders. The only major change to the license is in adapting to the rise of cloud services. https://www.mongodb.com/licensing/server-side-public-license... The FAQ for the license change very clearly indicates that your reading is what was intended. Question #4 particularly contains the complete text of the section that was altered, and it's hard to see how they could have left themselves any room to penalize regular users. The assumption here seems to be that all the yard and home space everyone is complaining about is left unused. You may need pubs and coffee shops for socializing in the cities. In the suburbs, people host each other in their homes or yards on a pretty regular basis, at least in my experience. My favorite part of it is the moderators' note at the end: > Moderator's Note > This post is locked to prevent inappropriate edits to its content. The post looks exactly as it is supposed to look - there are no problems with its content. Please do not flag it for our attention. The one context I've seen ML show up as such is when referring to the family as a whole, rather than a specific dialect. I must admit I had the same reaction to this post, and thought that calling it Julia Academy was odd if they were going to teach other languages. To a large extent they already do, albeit unintentionally. We can discuss whether that should be the case in the first place, but Google has been shaping the news industry ever since "Google" became a verb. With that shaping now irreversible, and with shutting down being the only way to stop it from continuing, it certainly seems like the right thing for Google to think seriously about the rewards their engine offers. While Google is definitely prone to abusing their influence, this move seems very reasonable. On the flip side, "code first, then refactor" is only safe if you have tests to confirm the validity of the refactor, and in my experience, a TDD mindset is the only thing that ensures I have thorough tests by the time I need to refactor. That said, it sounds like my version of TDD may be different than a lot of others. The tests I write before coding tend to test real-world logic and requirements, in terms of the domain language, rather than testing implementation. This means I can refactor everything behind that DSL-like facade and my tests give me assurance that I haven't changed the logic. If your tests are at the implementation level, I can see how a TDD approach would impede refactoring and eliminate tinkering. If refactoring the code means rewriting the tests, then your tests aren't protecting you, they're just getting in the way. Not necessarily. Lots of people keep up with changes in their field. People aren't arguing that racism and misogyny are moral, they're arguing that if you allow any censorship at all, then someone must be appointed censor, and you may not agree with that someone. The only way to be sure that your ideas can be freely expressed is to allow everyone, no matter how immoral, to freely express their ideas. I haven't read the book, but I have to challenge the assumption here. That you didn't get anything out of it in an afternoon's sprint through it does not make it "probable" that it's not hiding any deep wisdom. It could mean that, or it could mean that you didn't stop to digest what it was actually saying. And x86 assembler is perfectly capable of expressing pure functions. Such algorithms are still expressed using subroutines, subroutines that save and restore all state to its start state. The question isn't whether a language can express an algorithm, Church and Turing already proved that. The question is whether the language can do so scalably. We want to see nontrivial examples of FP applied to messy, side-effect-laden domains in a way that rivals other representations for clarity and maintainability. I'm not saying that Haskell is as bad at imperative as assembly is at functional, just that being able to accomplish all tasks in a single-paradigm language does not constitute proof that the language is suitable for all tasks. I love FP concepts, and I've enjoyed my experiments with Haskell. What I object to is that FP advocates don't push FP as a valuable addition to a larger toolbox, they push it as a single paradigm to rule them all. For daily work, I prefer a multi-paradigm language that allows me to choose a programming model that matches the domain well. (FWIW, I have the same problem with OOP advocates who try to squeeze everything into a class. Some things are better modeled as pure functions.) I wouldn't go killing important servers if I were you. I'm showing a bill for 950+ hours for a bunch of services that I only have one instance of each. Since that's not possible (there aren't that many hours in a month), and Cost Explorer has the correct numbers, I'm assuming that there's a mistake that's causing double-counting on the billing dashboard. That comes back to the parent's comment about being empowered to fix the issues. The person on call should have power to prevent such calls in the future. This is important for the health of the individual and of the company. Are the people in charge of fixing the underlying issues themselves on call? How about the people producing the changes that cause new issues? If those two groups aren't themselves being woken up when there's a problem, you can reasonably expect that this won't change until the support calls start to directly affect the company's bottom line. This is awesome. I've long felt a nostalgia for the close-knit forums I participated in as a kid. One was a worldwide group centered around an online game (CyberNations), the other was just a group of kids with similar interests in one metro area who met up occasionally. Both were vital for me in coping with feeling like I didn't fit in at all at school. It's great to see that that kind of close, friendly, personal Internet dynamic didn't completely die with Facebook's rise.