I am really excited about the future possibilities of this platform. I've been playing with the alpha server this weekend, and Kenton is basically working on the future I've been picturing, the next iteration of web services. The way it was already designed, it was incredibly easy to port to Sandstorm. Like, I think I changed three or four lines of code tops to get it working? You can't really integrate this into ownCloud well, since it's an entirely PHP based piece of software. And a lot of places ownCloud currently works (shared/reseller hosting) won't work with EtherCalc. Check out sandstorm.io though. (There's another comment about it above.) I got EtherCalc working on it pretty easily, and I think it really IS a killer Google Docs replacement. :D Honestly, it kinda scares me how many companies are willing to transmit and store proprietary corporate data over random cloud services these days. Changed it how? Google has since tossed XMPP integration for their whole closed platform Hangouts thing, MSN's old halfway-API-able thing has been integrated into Skype, which is entirely closed, I believe. AIM and YIM are all but dead, at this point. Personally, I think copyleft licenses are somewhat abusive by nature. It's not really making a contribution to society if you leave a bunch of strings attached to tell people how they can use it. Plus, for a new platform like Sandstorm to be able to meet as many use cases as possible, it does need to be something that corporations can actually build business models and proprietary systems on top of as well. I've thought about this sort of thing for a long time, it's always been possible, but I think the corporate cloud companies have distinctly tried to prevent anyone from realizing it. The cloud era has led users to sacrifice so many freedoms they never even realized they lost, making compromises they never should've been forced to. Well, it's kinda an Alpha. Goes without saying, doesn't it? One of the Sandstorm devs is already working on porting Diaspora. pump.io has been mentioned as a possible thing to port. The primary idea being that open source web apps can be used without having to be a server admin. Non-technical users can install apps on a Sandstorm server as easily as installing apps on their phone. Sarien: It's not allowed to talk to the outside world except through Sandstorm via specific APIs. Ghost is a blogging platform! https://ghost.org/ I've ported apps to Sandstorm with literally no prior experience with the languages those apps were written in. Porting to Sandstorm involves more deleting stuff you don't need than actually writing code yourself. :D I've been using TinyTinyRSS on Sandstorm for a while. It even has a mobile app that works with Sandstorm's API. (Though it's a fork, not the official Play Store version.) That sort of thing is definitely well in the scope of apps that'd be good to port to Sandstorm. There's a lot of basic apps the platform still needs. Bepasty in particular sounds like a really neat potential app that can just provide "file containers". I've been moving my Drive sheets over to EtherCalc on Sandstorm and all of my new documents I write on Etherpad for Sandstorm. Draw.io also just released for Sandstorm, which is one of Google Drive's original third party apps. The issue there is that ownCloud and Sandstorm share a lot of goals and functionality. Both are meant to be app platforms in a respect. And both are meant to organize your personal data. Since Sandstorm wants every file to be a granular document, putting the entirely of ownCloud in a file would be kinda odd. It'll likely happen sooner or later though. Yup. Holding a ten-year grudge against Microsoft is going to bite people in the end. I read an old blog post recently, that Google published in 2009. It felt like a eulogy of the company I once adored: http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/12/meaning-of-open.html A lot of this is bad technology choice. The new hipster smart bulbs are a doomed technology, they were a bad idea from the start. Try INSTEON, buddy. The obsession over Bluetooth-this and WiFi-that continually drives me crazy. Home automation companies aren't investing in the sort of technologies we NEED because they're more focused on the sort of technologies they can SELL. It's about time. The government used to accept overwriting a hard drive several times with random bits as an acceptable wipe. Then they changed to insisting destroying a hard drive was the only solution. Now we know why. ;) "All the processing happens within the SlideMail app itself." Kudos to this. Bunch of scammers like Google try convincing you they HAVE to have your data for these things to be possible. The way it was closed was suspicious enough for me to wonder if they were driven to close by the government because it was one of the methods they couldn't crack efficiently.