Interesting observations. As someone who has been in hiring positions over several years, the signal to noise ratio in recruiting consistently goes down. On-line recruiting used to be the domain of the talented. Now that everyone is on-line, the professional job-searchers have more time on their hands. Let's say the unqualified outnumber the qualified by 5 to 1. They're also job-searching on company time, so they send out 5 times as many resumes as the qualified. Their resumes then outnumber the qualified by 25 to 1. This gives you the ratios that Peroni sees. What's hard - very hard - is that good engineers aren't great at writing job descriptions that are useful to HR recruiters. Conversely, many good HR recruiters still don't understand technical job descriptions. In the end, this is why the best recruiting method still seems to be, "Ask your best person who their most capable friend is." My 2 cents... What is more likely to create a company built to last? 1) A firm starved for cash, but with boadloads of the best talent or 2) A firm starved for talent, but with boatloads of cash In situation 1, a great leader can create gold. In situation 2, all a leader can do is line their pockets. In 2002 and 2008 there were fantastic people that were unemployed through no fault of their own. People who just aren't visible in normal times. In many cases, these top performers already have money, so they can take a risk. Better to invest sweat in the dark days than cash in the bright ones. There are two unwritten assumptions in this post: 1 - The company focuses on people as appreciable assets, as opposed to costs to be minimized. 2 - There is not diminishing returns for chasing the best. Where this is true and recognized, companies don't nickel and dime employees. It is usually true in the best recruiter of each talent focused industry. Like them or not, this is in part why Goldman Sachs and McKinsey succeed, as well as top software firms. Once you view people as costs to be minimized (think the auto industry) or there is diminishing returns on individual excellence (think Wal-mart) then this system breaks down. The headline is a little more downbeat than the story, no? As I read it, they say that private VC investment is moving from research to development. This is consistent with the nature of VC funds - they usually have to pay back investor money within 7-10 years. The research cycle in physical sciences is frequently long enough that adding development pushes the idea beyond 10 years. As such, VCs are more interested in bringing already researched ideas (or incremental ideas) to market. There are 2.5 antidotes to this: 1) The government can fund more basic research, similar to biology. 2) The government can put a revenue neutral tax on unclear energy. (Carbon taxing) They can use to revenue to fund #1, or give it back in the form of lower taxes. Even the latter will create financial incentives to fund alternatives. 2.5) Fund longer term (10-15 year time horizon?) VC style investments with public funds, either through pensions or other dedicated funds. This would be similar to Singapore. I am fairly confident that #1 will help, as it benefits other areas in science. There is potential for waste, but lots of residual benefits. I am very confident that #2 will work, as it lines up everyone's incentives to solve the problems. I am only slightly confident that #2.5 will work, as it is not a business model that has worked in many other places. Call me jaded, but this doesn't seem so bad to me. If I like something, I am putting that out in the public. I expect it to be on my feed. Why wouldn't it be used more efficiently to tell others what I like? My view is that both Facebook and LinkedIn are services where everything defaults to public. What is strange is I don't feel this way about Amazon - I view my reviews to be public, but my personal ratings should not be. Same with Netflix. It is a very subtle distinction, and apparently not everyone thinks this way. I think abusing private personal information is a much worse crime. Good point. The more people are scared, the less they'll give useful information, and the less they'll benefit from the service, so the less they'll give useful information... Public versus private is a tough one, because many times I do click through to things largely based on who recommends them. In a sense it's like having a baby. There are always 100 financial reasons to postpone, but if you wait too long (despite 100 good reasons!) you wind up saying, "I wish I done this years ago!" On the one hand, the article can be depressing - each fallout is a dream that died. On the other hand, one of the things that makes the Valley succeed is it's capacity to celebrate failure. A mistake? What did you learn? Now move on! Companies that facilitate this are part of what makes for such a healthy eco-system. Compare this to Japan - much of their lost decade(s?) was caused by an inability to accept failure, and shut down unproductive firms. Don't just think of compensation in terms of dollars and equity today. Also consider: - What are the benefits implications? - How much will this increase your future marketability through connections and learning? - How will this impact your ability to do things outside of work? (10 hour workday? 12? 16?) - What will the work environment do to your mental health? As items with current and future $ implications, this is part of the compensation discussion. To paraphrase one of the Great Ones, "They're Not Dead Yet!" I had two folks re-interview with me who in the past 6 months had declined offers from my firm. They both went to other firms, and massively failed. In my eyes they are now more valuable to me, not less. More maturity, humility, sense of boundaries, etc... In both cases we re-extended the initial offers. In Japan it was a 2 tier issue. Insolvent (Zombie) banks were allowed to stay open. They in turn kept many insolvent companies alive. It's a testament to the strength of the Japanese that they kept the game going on for as long as they did. Of course it's not an exact analogy, but I share your concern that in the US we are trending towards a "Keep them open" mentality, rather than a "Try and try again". A recent quote from Michael Jordan has been making the rounds: (& I believe the real @ is much higher than 9000) "I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." Any time you have a massive government subsidy to an industry, people will eventually line up to scam it. In this case, it's a shame because there are a lot of innocent bystanders who get scammed. In addition to the taxpayer footing the bill by providing lower cost loans, people graduate the schools with worthless degrees. I am a big fan of charter schools, and in theory support for-profit colleges, but I wish I had more data points on where they succeed. Perhaps there will be a collegiate disruption similar to Khan Academy. The beauty of this discussion is not just "How to create memorable but hard to break password?" but "How much deep insight can a 4-6 frame cartoon contain?" The signal to noise ratio of xkcd is fantastic! They've again zipped a great discussion in just a few frames. Perhaps you could sell a 99 cents version on Amazon? Interesting post. I find work life balance to be very tightly coupled with the time horizon of the company. The 99 cents is arbitrary. Basically any number low enough to keep you from getting scammed. I was "yes, helpful" vote number 154 this morning. Hard to imagine too many others buying it. The charity idea is a good one too. Or you could create a beer fund for your fan base. :-) Or follow Knuth's example for people who find errors. I suspect this will all be resolved to your satisfaction shortly. Please keep us informed. The 99 cents is arbitrary. Basically any number low enough to keep you from getting scammed. I was "yes, helpful" vote number 154 this morning. Hard to imagine too many others buying it. The charity idea is a good one too. Or you could create a beer fund for your fan base. :-) Or follow Knuth's example for people who find errors. I suspect this will all be resolved to your satisfaction shortly. Please keep us informed. Seems inevitable, no? I get perhaps one meaningful piece of mail a week tops, and nothing that can't wait a week. There are peaks (weddings, Xmas, etc) but very little that justifies the scale of the system. I suspect this is true for a large percent of the population under 60 - at least the urgency part. The trend will continue. One secondary question - are the fixed costs so big that the system only works with huge volumes? Seems logical enough, no? There is diminishing personal benefit in getting another 2-3x returns. To quote The credit card companies - locking in your kids education is priceless. From a moral point of view - if firms are turning down billion dollar exits, they owe their early vested employees some liquidity. Of course the size of the rush to the exit is also indicative of the health of the firm. I hear you. From a personal view lot is BC/AC - before and after child. From a corporate view, it is a question of sprinting (to an exit or market opportunity) versus building for a longer time horizon. As we age, our priorities change, as do the types of places we choose to work. One success measure for academics is how long their ideas survive their passing. (As the Physicists perversely say, "The revolutions don't wait for the old professors to retire, they wait for them to die.") It's a testament to the deepness of EWD's ideas that they are still relevant in the field despite all that's changed. The link is now dead. I think that means you succeeded! The practical side is an interesting parallel to Knuth. Any best sources on his compiler? The core premise is sound. It is also consistent with research popularized in Blink, which shows how quickly people make up their mind. In practical terms, most times the proposer knows his subject more than the proposed. It takes the receiver of the information time and attention (both of which are scarce in decision makers) to deeply understand the pros and cons. So they fall back on heuristics: "Did this programmer meet their deadline last time?" "Are they wearing a suit?" "Did they go to a school I respect?" Early in my career, I thought, "It's only the content that matters. Anyone who disagrees is an idiot." It took a while to realize there are sound psychological reasons behind the other heuristics people use to choose. It took even longer to learn the game theory behind why some of the "Who you are" matters more than the quality of the idea in question. That's much too long a post for a writer who hasn't had their first coffee. One last thought... The Karma factor in part is a signal to judging people. (Or rewarding) Of course most of read the articles first, before looking up the credibility of the poster. :-)