I haven't used it yet, but intrigued by your comment I did a bit of research, and here's the gist of what I have understood: the company behind Silver is RemObjects, and they offer a cross-platform compiler suite called Elements, which supports three languages: C#, Oxygene (their own creation, apparently heavily influenced by Object Pascal) and now Silver, which is Swift with "a few features" added to bring it in line with the other two languages. They're trying to downplay the additions for obvious reasons, but they sound pretty hefty to me: Exception Handling, Partial/Static Classes, External/Inline Functions, Events etc. Imagine what Rob Pike would say if someone came along and added all that to Go ;) (see https://docs.elementscompiler.com/ and https://docs.elementscompiler.com/Silver/LanguageExtensions/ for details). That being said, the compiler (and IDE for Mac) are freely available, so you can try it out. RemObjects have been around for a while and I was pleased with their products back in the day when I was developing in Delphi, so I'm sure Elements is a solid product as well, just maybe not what you are expecting... "The 3.5mm headphone jack is one of the elder statesmen of the personal tech world, having become ubiquitous with the rise of mp3 players, smartphones, and other mobile devices" - maybe the author is too young to remember that, but I think the "mobile device" that really helped make the 3.5mm headphone jack ubiquitous was the Sony Walkman back in the eighties. "The 2016 StackOverflow Survey puts PHP developers as the least paid" - which is very unfair. I think PHP developers should actually get paid more as compensation for having to put up with PHP on a day-to-day basis, but that's just me unfortunately... That car may be 100 years old, but the last German three-axle cars were build in 1959 ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Umbau-Wagen_(DB)#Dreiachsige_U... ), and some of them were still in use in 2014 ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datei:Umbauwagen_der_DB_Bahnba... ) The problem I see with "little girl feeds a couple of crows" is that the "couple of crows" will inevitably grow to a larger number... So, a plug-in hybrid will be lugging around a gas engine and (probably full) gas tank which it won't be needing for 90% of all trips. Am I the only one who thinks this is terribly inefficient? bendmebackmeanywayyouwantme? That rang a bell... but according to http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/garbage/ithinkimparanoid.html it should actually be bendmebreakmeanywayyouneedme ;) They talk the Apple talk, but can they walk the Apple walk? ;) I think that's just the explanation of the name, not necessarily a rule how to pronounce it. As for pronounciation, let's compare: "see-you-are-el" vs. "curl". I think I'll stick with "curl" ;) I noted it - thanks for the background info on the company! I also assume that either they are not able to maintain the software themselves, or they have lost the source code, but it might also be that setting up the toolchain to compile such an old piece of software is more effort than just patching the binary. Just a small information that's missing from the discussion: I'm sure this decision doesn't have anything to do with Microsoft (a major taxpayer) moving its German offices from the suburbs (Unterschleißheim) to Munich proper in 2016 ( https://mspoweruser.com/microsoft-germany-moves-into-a-new-h... )... I can certainly see the difference between low- and hi-DPI, but thanks to subpixel rendering (which unfortunately is going out of style because of hi-DPI displays), it doesn't really bother me - call me old-fashioned, but I'm more bothered by the waste of pixels. 2560x1440 is a pretty good resolution for a monitor, and nowadays it's crammed into the 5" display of a phone, just so that it looks pretty. Ok, unless you use it for VR, then even more DPI would be nice... Actually the influence of the Pascal family and that of the C family are about equally significant, if you go by the chart from the "Go Programming Language" book (available in the free preview, page xiii https://www.amazon.com/Programming-Language-Addison-Wesley-P... ). Most significant is probably the module system, which, in good Turbo Pascal tradition, allows Go to run loops around other C-family languages (looking at you Rust ;) ), and of course the declaration syntax ("i int" instead of "int i"). Since I first came across Go I've been thinking that a Go-based Delphi clone would be really amazing. Maybe someone could breathe some new life into the Lazarus IDE by adding support for Go? Hmmm, actually there already is something: https://github.com/ying32/govcl - probably worth keeping an eye on... As far as I know, most airlines are seeing the 737-MAX 8 and its predecessor, the 737-800, as interchangeable (or they did until yesterday), so I doubt they will be able to say with certainty which aircraft type will operate a given flight... Dithering a photo (which probably was a JPEG) so it looks like a GIF and then saving it as PNG may be a good way to make it look "low-tech", but I somehow doubt that it's really the most efficient way to serve images to your users? "The project provided an excuse to make use of a Vortex Core 47-key keyboard, which together with a mini white HDMI monitor, provided a particularly compact and suitably futuristic feeling setup." I think the word he's looking for is "retrofuturistic" ;) I guess the author wanted the code to also look friendly to people who are not that familiar with Python - everybody understands a switch, while what you are describing would probably puzzle some people... well, yes, exactly, MCAS was supposed to compensate for these differences, to make sure that the flight characteristics are close enough to not require additional training. But tragically, what was supposed to be part of the solution turned out to be part of the problem... My thoughts exactly! I imagine there is some kind of migration from every language to every other language, e.g. at least some developers migrating from any major web backend language (Java, PHP, Ruby, Node.js etc.) to Go. It would be far more interesting to have also a quantitative information, like in this graph: https://qz.com/192440/where-everyone-in-the-world-is-migrati... But for that you would of course need actual data... Ah, ok, "introduction" as in "Introduction to Fuchsia OS". Which is interesting too, but I initially thought that Google is actually introducing Fuchsia OS now, i.e. presenting plans to replace Android with it. Wishful thinking ;) Well, one of the theories is that pesticides weaken bees and make them more vulnerable to varroa mites and other parasites, diseases etc. (the "potential immune-suppressing stress" in your quote). Aside from that - is there really a way to express neural connections in the brain in terms of bits and bytes? Having lots of options to write things optimizes the happiness of the developer writing the code, but reduces the happiness of the developer reading the code (which might be the same developer, a few months later). That's one of the things Go got right IMHO (although some people hate it, because they feel constrained if they're not able to write code in some "clever" way). Sadly, it looks like those millions of man hours of incremental safety refinement also created a false sense of security. That (and management overriding engineering concerns) are the only explanations I have for how MCAS was implemented: because it had to be able to correct the pitch-up tendency of the 737 MAX and stay "invisible", so additional training could be avoided, Boeing apparently chose to use only one AOA sensor as "single source of truth" - because using both would have increased the chance of the system having to deactivate itself, which would probably have made the FAA mandate the additional training that Boeing wanted to avoid. This is just my personal theory however... I assume you mean the Ram Air Turbine ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ram_air_turbine )?