Uh, I spend about 5% on rent, another 5-6% on drugs, and go out for food occasionally. No other expenses. I don't, um, save, though, so you might want to listen to someone else. "Source: EMC" (EMC sells "Big Data" storage.) s,JSON,BSON,g These logs are for machines, and should be compact -- why use JSON at all? All this method does is break the continuous [0,1) range into enough discrete buckets that each bucket contains at most two choices. Because the buckets are the same "probability-size" you can pick a bucket with O(1) and then do an O(1) comparison. Everything between "Loaded Die with a Fair Die" and "Vose's Alias Method" seems superfluous. Better than "how to XXX your start-up" and "business blah blah". So TRESOR needs to submit an acceptable patch to the nice kernel.org folks, and then it can ship as a distro default. One could imagine a "bzoncat" utility which simply reads bson objects on stdin and emits formatted json objects on stdout. I don't know, the difference probably doesn't matter. Server seems severely overloaded -- here's the latest archive.org mirror: http://web.archive.org/web/20101017092822/http://www.jamesmo... This is not relevant to fountain codes. This is like reading a newspaper article on computing ten years ago. The author is not a domain expert. I think depression is an issue among people in general. Perhaps people on HN are simply more willing to share with the (psuedonymous) internet at large? Yes. size_t is actually 32-bit on some 64-bit platforms; you want uint64_t. scp has some end-to-end latency for each file transferred. This means that for lots of small files, a single tar file stream is much quicker than 'scp -r'. Cool trick -- thanks! I'm curious what their performance numbers look like if they host the .git repo on tmpfs -- 15GB isn't unreasonable on a beefy (24-32GB of ram) machine. One of the biggest problems with this style of "scan all memory" GC is that you have to stop all threads (flush all pointers to memory) to perform a collection. Pointers held in registers in other active threads are inaccessible to the GC thread. Failing to stop the world (or ensure all pointers are in memory rather than registers) can result in live objects being collected. This happened to Ruby at one point: http://timetobleed.com/the-broken-promises-of-mrireeyarv/ Edit: This boils down to breaking the compiler's model of memory as specified by the C standard; all bets are off. Boehm controls malloc; it knows where the heap is. In general, yes, the more memory you have allocated, the slower BoehmGC will be. It checks both stack and heap. Typo: "This let's great dealers shine" -> "This lets great dealers shine" No. It's direct DMA from the hardware. Anyone who can backdoor a release on their FTP server can easily upload a new CHECKSUM file. Many users probably do not bother to check the hash. Even if you use public key crypto to sign the hash, users probably don't know your public key in advance. An attacker can sign their malicious hash with any valid public key they like. This article is almost as hilarious as the RIAA president's op-ed; unfortunately, this one doesn't reveal the author's name. I'm guessing you meant "sordid" history, as in: Sordid \Sor"did\, a. [L. sordidus, fr. sordere to be filthy or dirty; probably akin to E. swart: cf. F. sordide. See {Swart}, a.] 1. Filthy; foul; dirty. [Obs.] 2. Vile; base; gross; mean; as, vulgar, sordid mortals. (1913 Webster's) Try the LICENSE file or header comments in the sources. I would love to be able to use this at work (unfortunately, our lawyers take issue with GPL libraries…).