Got selected. Where's the good food at in Mountain View? I love me some Indian food. Thanks for the advice. Well, sort of. The selection isn't random. If you're one of the 10 that appeal to them most your odds are 100%. If you're not, they're 0. Unless they decide by rolling dice there's really no probability involved. I've eaten at Bouchon in Vegas and wasn't too impressed, but I hear the one in Napa is leagues better. I had the good fortune of meeting Allison Steltzner a while back and she told me that. There's a good chance I'll try it on this trip. And no staunch, that was not my intent, and I hope it does not appear as such. That had not occurred to me but probably should have. I really just hoped to share my experience and get any tips/comments from people here, especially on dining. Seems like they should have just hired the guy. Thanks for all of the well-wishes. Pt. 2 was posted this morning. Thanks! I'll do my best to let you all live vicariously. If I was the only time I'd be in Boston is when my yacht parked there. I've been self-employed for a long time and I'm planning on staying that way. And you're right, I suppose not all iPods sold during the Christmas quarter were gifts. Valid point, but I still don't think it detracts from the overall view that being giftable is a big asset in the sales department. Well I have no doubt that down the line the iPhone will become cheaper and more popular. Especially if they release on more networks. I'm just saying this one won't hit ten million. Yeah, I get what you're saying, and you're not incorrect. I have one of the more popular poker blogs and I've seen the effects first hand. I'm definitely more interested in just making something I like. Obviously for my startup's blog I won't have such liberty. As I said in the guy's comments, if he saw the stuff you guys chose this summer, he'd realize how wrong he is. I can't wait until people start launching. I'm almost as excited about some of the other startups I saw out there in Mountain View as I am about ours. Also YC does not have a history of ripping off both its "musicians" and its customers. And as far as I know, they've never sued anyone who used any product they've launched. We had two undergrads and one guy who never even graduated. And a demo but we didn't get to show it at all.Must have been lucky. Or in early June so those of us in the summer batch can come. Agreed. I was planning on putting that in tips for interviewees since you don't get any feedback until then. Thanks! Yeah, it's totally deserved. Weebly's got a bright future. There's pretty much no better way for your grandma to make a website about her cat. Interesting. My philosophy is that you can always go back to college, but then maybe that's why I'm 26 and still haven't graduated. I think that's actually great. That was more or less Reddit's situation as I understand it. There's so much non-hacking stuff to do that I honestly think each group should have someone who feels no compulsion to write code, freeing the hacker(s) from distraction. My ideal candidate, were I doing the funding, would be a group consisting of two hackers and one non-hacker. Maybe I'm biased though because that's what we have. This suffers from the common Apple fanboy logical fallacy that hype=success. That's perhaps the most useless and poorly thought out argument I've ever read about anything. I found a anti-evolution propoganda pamphlet in an airport a week ago that was more cogent. It's beyond ridiculous for an American company to attempt to process gambling transactions. I'd be extremely leery of using them for anything, as they're going to be shut down and have their funds seized without a doubt. It was not the US Government's screwup, it was the Neteller founders' for coming to our country. Had they had the common sense to remain overseas the whole debacle would have been avoided. Regardless of where you stand on the issue (and I'm obviously as pro-gaming as they get, since I made my living for 5 years playing poker online) the fact is that the DoJ is going to systematically destroy anyone who has anything to do with online gambling. Anyone starting any startup in that space in this country is begging for jail time. Poker bots are far from a problem yet. They excel at heads up limit hold'em, but as more players enter the table they get progressively worse. Even the best of them can't yet beat a low limit full table. Eventually they will though. And there will be no real way to stop them. We've got some time, and how much depends on who you ask. Also, the human vs computer match cited doesn't really mean much, for reasons I'll leave for a poker blog entry.