> Eventually, everything became a big mess and was hard to maintain. You need to architect your application using classes and functions just like in any other language with whatever appropriate data abstractions present. > IMO the limitation really is "all the code can be displayed at the same time" You don't have to have all your code inside a single diagram. Any professional LabVIEW programmer has a rule that a single VI (basically function or method) should only require a single modestly sized monitor to view it, aside from a few exceptions. This is akin to text-based languages having a sweet spot of 500-1,000 lines of code per file and keeping a function within a single screen without needing to scroll. Anything above starts to become unwieldy. The size of a LabVIEW diagram isn't a limitation of the medium just like the size of a text-based programming language's file isn't a limitation of the medium. It all boils down to the programmer needing to modularize appropriately. > it is not scalable well for custom pattern, custom architecture, and Async, operation and functional programming paradigm It is in fact useful for these things. For example, LabVIEW is wonderful for asynchronous code, is automatically multi-threaded, and supports the actor model. Dataflow languages are excellent for functional programming, and this area is relatively unexplored. That is exactly right. I don't understand the dichotomy that arises from text-based programmers. I have written and maintained LabVIEW applications that exceed a 1,000 VIs. I would argue that such well-architected applications are actually easier to maintain for all the reasons that people expound functional languages for. The reason is that LabVIEW is a dataflow language, and so all the benefits of immutability apply. Most data in LabVIEW is immutable by default (to the developer/user). So the reasons why people prefer languages like F#, Elixir, Erlang, Clojure, Haskell, etc. overlap with visual languages like LabVIEW. I can adjust one portion of the program without worry of side effects because I'm only concerned with the data flowing in and then out of the function I am editing. Somehow people form the opinion that once you start programming in a visual language that you're suddenly forced, by some unknown force, to start throwing everything into a single diagram without realizing that they separate their text-based programs into 10s, 100s, and even 1000s of files. Poorly modularized and architected code is just that, no matter the paradigm. And yes, there are a lot of bad LabVIEW programs out there written by people new to the language or undisciplined in their craft, but the same holds true for stuff like Python or anything else that has a low barrier to entry. Aren't conditionals and loops easier in visual languages? If you need something to iterate, you just draw a for loop around it. If you need two while loops each doing something concurrently, you just draw two parallel while loops. If you need to conditionally do something, just draw a conditional structure and put code in each condition. One type of control structure I have not seen a good implementation of is pattern matching. But that doesn't mean it can't exist, and it's also something most text-based languages don't do anyway. Here's a picture of what I was talking about: https://i.imgur.com/AgmF87b.png Now, the two while loops, as shown here, have no dependencies between each other and are indeed processing in parallel. However, there are various mechanisms in LabVIEW to exchange data between the two loops, the most common being queues, in which case they process concurrently. You can also have a for loop iterating on an array. https://i.imgur.com/nRgyckx.png In LabVIEW, it's nice because it's trivial to configure the loop iterations to occur in parallel (if there are no dependencies between iterations), using all available cores in the computer. And by pattern matching I meant something like the pattern matching and type destructuring you find in SML, Ocaml, F#, and Elixir. > I have not seen any solution for tracking changes, differences,displaying versions, etc. I.E. git for pictures. LabVIEW has a diff capability, and while working for National Instruments, my team actually had a quite capable custom code-review system built out of this diff. This is an area that is brought up often, but text-based diff tools weren't magically found in the universe. They were built, and some of them are good and some of them not. It's not a paradigm's fault that tools like git were built around the idea that code must be text. I do agree that better tools need to exist though, but there isn't a reason for why they can't. They just need to be built. There are hard and interesting problems in that space, both technically and design-wise. > Some visual languages can turn an area into a 'subroutine', I have not seen any solution to build libraries of reusable 'subroutines'. LabVIEW has a third-party developed package manager in the JKI VIPM. And LabVIEW has features where you can put your VIs and classes into various LabVIEW specific containers, most usually source libraries, that can then be referenced and re-used in projects. Just treat the libraries as modules like you would in any other language. They should contain classes and functions that have a shared or particular purpose. > I think the short answer is that boxes and wires actually become harder to manage as the software increases in complexity. The "visual is simpler" idea only seems to hold up if the product itself is simple Why? Can you give concrete examples of this? I see this sentiment a lot but never any particular examples. When you start off with a prototype in a text-based language for something "simple", you don't extend it by continually adding in more and more input arguments and more and more complex outputs. You breakout the functionality and organize it into modules, datatypes, and functions. Same thing goes in a visual programming language like LabVIEW. When you start adding in more functionality to move beyond simple designs, you need to modularize. That reduces the wires and boxes and keeps things simple. In fact, I liken well-done LabVIEW to well-done functional-code like in Racket, Scheme, F#, SML, etc., where you keep things relatively granular and build things up. Each function takes in some input, does one thing and returns outputs. State in LabVIEW is managed by utilizing classes. > It's not efficient for large scale things. > You will always need non-visual languages to do things in a featureful and scalable way. What is an example of a system that you have developed where things broke down with a visual programming language? I just did this for a simple project. I indeed noticed that the startup time was extremely slow. The subsequent run-time was faster though, although still not that fast. So something interesting was going on via a per-terminal session basis. TouchDesigner is indeed super cool. And I correctly guessed what that tutorial was going to be before I clicked on it. :) Mathew Ragan is an excellent tutorial maker. He's also relaxing to listen to. TouchDesigner really showcases the enabling nature of visual programming languages. You can see your program working and inspect and modify it while it is working. These are very powerful ideas, and visual programming languages are much better platforms for ideas like this. People, i.e. traditional programmers, are really hard and down on visual programming languages. Meanwhile, people who use LabVIEW, TouchDesigner, vvvv, Pure Data, Max, and Grasshopper for Rhino are all extremely effective and move quickly. People who are experts in these environments cannot be kept up with people using text-based environments when doing the same application. Text-based programming is limited in dimensionality. This can become very constraining. > the conceptual space your abstractions can make use of is effectively unlimited, and you can manage connections and information flow between pieces of code to maximize readability and simplicity, rather than artificially minimizing the number of dimensions. How does this not apply to a visual language like LabVIEW? Just because you draw the code on a 2D surface doesn't prevent abstraction and arbitrary programs. The way I program LabVIEW and the way it executes is actually very similar to Elixir/Erlang and OTP. Asynchronous execution and dataflow are core to visual languages. You are not "bound" by wires. When you write text-based code, you are also restricted to 2 dimensions, but it's really more like 1.5 because there is a heavy directionality bias that's like a waterfall, down and across. I cannot copy pictures or diagrams into a text document. I cannot draw arrows between comments to the relevant code; I have to embed the comment within the code because of this dimensionality/directionality constraint. I cannot "touch" a variable (wire) while the program is running to inspect its value. In LabVIEW, not only do I have a 2D surface for drawing my program, I also get another 2D surface to create user interfaces for any function if I need. In text-languages, you only have colors and syntax to distinguish datatypes. In LabVIEW, you also have shape. These are all additional dimensions of information. How is that a limitation of the visual programming paradigm and not a library problem? And that doesn't have much to do with scaling to a large program or system. Could you clarify what you mean? That is again a limitation of the particular language you were using (which one?) and not a limitation of the paradigm. There's nothing there that's an inherent problem of visual programming languages, which is my point in asking. For example, in LabVIEW, you have TCP/IP, HTTP, UDP, CAN, serial, MODBUS, and more protocols and can build things out of them. If there's a missing protocol, then you can write your own, call a C/C++ DLL, .NET assembly, Python script, or a command line application, just like any other language (actually more than most languages). It looked liked any other code review process. We used Perforce. So a custom tool was integrated into Perforce's visual tool such that you could right-click a changelist and submit it for code review. The changelist would be shelved, and then LabVIEW's diff tool (lvcompare.exe) would be used to create screenshots of all the changes (actually, some custom tools may have done this in tandem with or as a replacement of the diff tool). These screenshots, with a before and after comparison, were uploaded to a code review web server (I forgot the tool used), where comments could be made on the code. You could even annotate the screenshots with little rectangles that highlighted what a comment was referring to. Once the comments were resolved, the code would be submitted and the changelist number logged with the review. This is based off of memory, so some details may be wrong. This is important because it shows that such things can exist. So the common complaint is more about people forgetting that text-based code review tools originally didn't exist and were built. It's just that the visual ones need to be built and/or improved. Perforce makes this easier than git in my opinion because it is more scriptable and has a nice API. Perforce is also built to handle binary files, which is also better than git's design which is built around the assumption that everything is text. I think there's a lot of nice features to be had in visual programming languages with visual compares. Like I said in another comment, I view text-based programming as a sort of 1.5 dimensional problem, and I think that makes diff tools rather limited. If you change things in a certain way, many diff tools will just say you completely removed a block and then added a new one, when all you did was re-arrange some stuff, and there's actually a lot of shared, unchanged code between the before and after blocks. So it's not like text-based tools don't have issues. Yes, but it isn't easy. Some people have done so, and I should probably revisit it myself since I know use GitHub in my later jobs and not Perforce. I mentioned this in another comment, but we had some tools integrated into Perforce's workflow to do diffs. Merge is harder in LabVIEW and isn't where it should be. However, that doesn't mean it can't exist. These are all excellent points, and I agree whole-heartedly. I'm glad someone else gets it. :) I'm going to favorite this comment to keep it mind. The way I see it is that we've had an evolution of how to program computers. It's been: circuits -> holes in cards -> text -> -> __the future__ I think many programmers are just unable to see the forest through the trees and weeds, but visual languages see a lot of power in specific domains like art, architecture, circuit and FPGA design, modeling tools, and control systems. I think this says something and also overlaps with what the Racket folks call Language Oriented Programming, which says that programming languages should adapt to the domain they are meant to solve problems in. Now all these visual languages are separate things, but they are a portion of the argument in that domain-specific problems require domain-specific solutions. So what I believe we'll have in the future are hybrid approaches, of which LabVIEW is one flavor. Take what we all see at the end of whiteboard sessions. We see diagrams composed of text and icons that represent a broad swath of conceptual meaning. There is no reason why we can't work in the same way with programming languages and computer. We need more layers of abstraction in our environments, but it will take work and people looking to break out of the text=code thing. Many see text as the final form, but like I said above, I see it as part of the evolution of abstraction and tools. Text editors and IDEs are not gifted by the universe and are not inherent to programming; they were built. This has already happened before with things like machine code and assembly. These languages do not offer the programmer enough tools to think more like a human, so the human must cater to the languages and deal with lower-level thought. I view most text-based programming languages similarly. There's just too many details I have to worry about that are not applicable to my problem and don't allow me to solve the problem in the way that I want. Languages that do provide this (like Elixir, F#, and Racket) are a joy to use, but they begin to push you to a visual paradigm. Look at Elixir, most of the time the first thing you see in an Elixir design is the process and supervision tree. And people rave about the pipe operator in these languages. Meanwhile, in LabVIEW, I have pipes, plural, all going on at the same time. It was kind of funny as I moved into text-based languages (I started in LabVIEW) to see the pipe operator introduced as a new, cool thing. In general, I have many, many complaints about LabVIEW, but they do not overlap with the complaints of people unfamiliar with visual programming languages, because I've actually built large systems with it. Many times, when I go to other languages, especially something like Python, I feel I've gone back in time to something more primitive. Thanks for the clarification. And yes, I have implicitly bundled the semantics with the syntax here. I suppose in doing so, I am arguing both that dataflow is a powerful and interesting way of modeling computations that allow for a lot of neat features and that visual representations are more natural and give additional useful benefits over text-based ones. I have not seen a compelling text-based dataflow representation, but that doesn't mean one doesn't or can't exist. LabVIEW actually compiles its block diagrams to what's known as DFIR, dataflow intermediate representation, which is then compiled to LLVM IR. The DFIR is helpfully visualized as a graph, although the dataflow graph is represented by text underneath. I first learned to program FPGAs with LabVIEW. Now I am learning HDLs, and it's a bit painful. Understanding VHDL is not hard, but I find it to be a poor representation of what it is describing. The text-based representation hides the nature of the actual computation it's representing. If you have any references to dataflow or any links to things you've done, I'd love to take a look. :) You might be interested in the book A Primer of Infinitesimal Analysis by John L. Bell, which is another approach to infinitesimals that uses intuitionistic logic. https://www.amazon.com/Primer-Infinitesimal-Analysis-John-Be... Any interesting property of this logic and model is that all functions are infinitely differentiable. Other introductions are An Invitation to Smooth Infinitesimal Analysis by John L. Bell and Synthetic Differential Geometry by Michael Shulman. http://publish.uwo.ca/~jbell/invitation%20to%20SIA.pdf http://home.sandiego.edu/~shulman/papers/sdg-pizza-seminar.p... There is the No bullshit guide to linear algebra by Ivan Savov. https://www.amazon.com/No-bullshit-guide-linear-algebra/dp/0... For anyone wanting to learn more about this, I highly recommend Advanced Calculus: A Differential Forms Approach by Harold Edwards and An Introduction to Manifolds by Loring Tu. The former reads almost like a novel and is a real treat of mathematical exposition. It's also a little quirky which is always nice. Tu's book is simply the gold standard of an introduction to the mathematics of manifolds and differential forms. It is the most concise and straightforward introduction to the full theory. It is also a wonderful book. That is indeed a very good book. Although I would say that some of the notation in it is non-standard, for better or for worse. Tu is the most consistent author I have ever seen with notation, and that matters a lot in smooth manifold theory and differential geometry. Another good book is Advanced Calculus: A Geometric View by James Callahan. No problem. It is a great book. Definitely check out Edwards' book I mentioned above as well. It is a gem of a book. Although it doesn't use matrices and instead uses linear expansions, it is still brilliant. The first three chapters give an exposition of the theory, and then the next three go back and prove things. So if anything, take a look at the first three chapters and then the later ones on applications and extensions. It also has a geometrical viewpoint. I listed references elsewhere. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23270163 Edwards' first three chapters give a wonderfullly intuitive exposition of forms and their application to integration. Tu's book is a rigourous study of smooth manifolds and differential forms. His exercises are approachable, and his book is the most expedient to the full theory of differential forms. As a quirky intuition pump, I recommend Geometrical Vectors by Gabriel Weinreich. The Fortney book mentioned in another comment is a nice, visual book, and there are other references in the replies to the comment I linked.