You know I think that this means that people should probably think twice before basing a startup on a feature or technology that Google could easily implement. By implement, I mean either have their engineers hack out, or buy. To assume that they will buy it from you is foolish by the way. I'm looking at you two GUBA and Revver, but I may as well be talking about every web 2.0 startup I've had the misfortune of having to look at in the past 12 months. Are there ANY original thinkers out there? Where are you at? Money is waiting for you. I would like, for once, for three kids to come up to me and say that they have World of Warcraft or Second Life running with full 3D hardware acceleration inside of the browser. WITHOUT A GAD BLESSED PLUGIN OR SECURITY WARNING!!! This would be something compelling that is difficult to implement. It is also something that would take people more than 2 weeks to duplicate. Think of it this way, how many people get rich anymore by writing say, IDE's? None, because we all use what Microsoft, Adobe, or Eclipse gives us, for FREE? The same thing will happen very soon with social networking, it will be included with your hosting. Probably by leveraging open source. So everyone will be able to start a story telling site with photo uploading for illustration and social features. However, I think it will be more difficult for someone to make a web based Joost with television recording and social features. So if you can, your asking price just went WAY up kid. The things I have outlined are hard, and that is the point. If I invest in something, I don't want to hear about 35 other startups doing the exact same thing. I'm not just talking about the web 2.0 people here. You would not believe the number of 'Second Life' knockoffs that are about to hit the market. They all expect that 3 to 30 million people will download and install their plugin, or click 'Yes' on their security warning. You know, the one to give this startup you never heard of FULL access to your machine. That's OK though they tell me, because they only need to get the early adopters to spread the word. The TECH SAVVY early adopters. Yeah, you heard me right, the ones MOST likely to know NOT to give a startup they've never heard of full access to their machines! If ANYONE can find a tech startup that doesn't infringe copyrights and actually has technology that would take a minute to develop, I think I would fall over from shock. Sorry about this rant. Just in the office on a Sunday looking at knockoff after knockoff. But hey, I just work for consultants for investors, it's not my money. It is frustrating that no one wants to listen to the minority report though. Dreamweaver is not successful. Analyse Dreamweaver's cost/profit ratio. Remember, Dreamweaver is boxed and sold at retail. The advent of AJAX gave Dreamweaver a little more life, since to make an impressive AJAX page requires a ridiculous amount of not very well structured code. Keeping track of not very well structured code is what IDE's are good at, and what Dreamweaver's target audience is bad at. That said, as a percentage of total revenues, Dreamweaver sucks. Check it out for yourself in Adobe's latest quarterly report: http://finance.yahoo.com/q/sec?s=ADBE Dreamweaver sales were used to bump up the "Developer Solutions" line of the quarterly report. Notice it is a small percentage. This would not be so bad, until you notice that even the line in the quarterly report marked "Other" is bigger! Here's some free advice, do not invest in a startup that plans to make a straight IDE play. Because Eclipse volunteers will be giving it away for free soon. Also, do a search on Expression Studio. It can also be used to make a straight AJAX page without all of the Silverlight CLR garbage. Actually, on a site like Facebook, this idea will obviously be challenged to work AS well as it would on a site like Stardoll or Gaia. That said, the poster is absolutely right, this model is making money hand over fist. For many of these sites, VCs are superfluous. Even Angels are superfluous! I still say that the first kid to come out with a FULLY hardware accelerated 3D game world in the browser WITHOUT security warnings or downloaded plugins will be very rich indeed. If it can be targeted to another market group, do so. If you make, say, tensor analysis software, then your capacity to go after another group is dubious. In this case, it may make sense to go upstream. That is, find out what your customers would use the tensor analysis software for, and offer that service or make that product for your customer's customers. And now for the best option of all, FAIL! You and your startup team were mistaken about something as fundamental as the size of the market you were targeting. Please ponder that fact seriously. Why were you mistaken? Emotional attachment to an idea? "Irrational Exuberance"? Is there reason to believe that decisions taken from this point on will be based upon more factual foundations? Sober answers to all of these questions sound good in interviews for new jobs. Sober answers to these questions sound like music to the ears of Venture Capitalists or Angels when one is starting up a new venture. Fail fast and learn. Then demonstrate that you did so. Wow, Things are developing quickly right now! I know there are a lot of MS detractors here, I still have to say that this software looks like it's for real. I was able to create an address book mash up in 15 minutes. From zero knowledge of what PopFly was, to maps with Flickr photos in them in minutes. I believe a lot of the "ideas" guys out there, who don't have a lot of programming expertise would be well advised to take a look at this. Couple it with Microsoft's hosting and you can probably make compelling sites with little tech expertise. That is, you can make sites as compelling as a lot of the Web 2.0 stuff you see out there, with little tech expertise. Ask.com would be a challenge to build with this, YouTube would be a cinch. You know it is occurring to me as I write this post that we first saw the value of consumer software trend toward zero cost with open source. Then we saw the value of consumer content trending towards zero cost with Napster and later YouTube. I wonder if things like PopFly will make even the value of offering consumer services trend towards zero cost. I am hard pressed to believe that we all can survive on web advertising with 100 other "little guys" doing the exact same thing, only with Microsoft shunting the pure user to their web sites. So if we can charge for very little of this what is left? I guess the model of grabbing the largest audience possible and selling it to Google or Yahoo doesn't look so bad after all. Kid is a good deal more credible than most of the Web 2.0 guys I've listened to. He has a MUCH better idea as well. What? That is a VERY simple assertion relating to something that is a bit more complicated. I think most people here should brush up on the idea of attachment networks, or organizational ecology. I'll give you the short version, the top two companies win where preferential attachment is what determines whether a user stays with you. Of course there are exceptions. For instance, one could be providing information on a web site that would be a challenge to get elsewhere. The Wall Street Journal comes to mind. With these companies, attachment is irrelevant, if a user has a great need for the information s/he MUST go to the Wall Street Journal. Most of the web 2.0 startups I have reviewed, and there have been many, are NECESSARILY based around preferential attachment. I understand this tendency. After all, if startup Y can implement the idea of startup X in less than 3 months time, then startup X will have an issue to deal with. So it is in the interest of startup X to make sure that users prefer them. Add to that the fact that most are banking on providing the user convenient access to his OWN data, and you have the makings of a good number of also rans. I always ask, what happens if the user takes his data elsewhere? "It'll never happen", is usually the answer. I inquire as to the possibility of a recession and a concomitant slow down in internet advertising. Like all of the 25 year old mortgage brokers 4 years ago, most of the founders look at me like I just came from Mars. There is a new economy, get on board or get out of the way. So I walk a little ways off... And wait for the wreck, maybe I can get a good deal on parts. I am of a different opinion than the other posters so far. I believe we are in somewhat of a love fest right now. The number of me-too companies out there keeps growing. I think that the entrepreneurs starting these companies would be well advised to realize that the VC community is actually COUNTING on most of these to fail. So this represents a large number of our brightest young men expending their best efforts on enterprises that everyone accepts will probably ultimately fail. This is concerning for the economists. I was reading on a blog of very good repute this morning about two financing deals that were announced today. One, was for Multiverse. They were given $4.175 million for a post money valuation of right around $10 million. This is familiar to most of us. The second was for HiPiHi. They were given somewhere between $7 Million and $10 Million for a post money valuation of between $70 and $100 Million. Both companies are in the same segment, virtual worlds. Both companies are at the same stage of life. "Why the different valuations?", demanded this blog. HiPiHi is Chinese. Frankly, Chinese entrepreneurs have a better track record with respect to actually having users PAY for their products. EVEN THOUGH THE CHINESE USERS ARE NOTORIOUS PIRATES. Although most of the money was coming from American VCs, the advantage was given to the Chinese team because of this crucial difference. So China's young men are gaining experience building companies, our young men are gaining experience flipping companies. Is there still any hope? Can ANY of you young men see where I'm going with this? It's anyone's guess how the current tech industry story ends. However, from the standpoint of a dispassionate economic analysis it would be thoroughly understandable if it ended poorly. It is my observation that many of the young people who boast about age are gleefully unaware of the horrible failure rate of young, (under 30), entrepreneurs. Many point out the brilliant successes, without mentioning the 100 other young entrepreneurs that failed in the same space. The numbers bare out the indisputable fact that older entrepreneurs will fail less often than younger entrepreneurs. In fact the statistical variance in the success rate is so large that wise VCs and angels actually use age in their models. For instance, if we are advising angels who are want to dabble, but are at heart risk averse, we do swing them over to that 38 year old guy with the new molecular imaging startup. On the other hand when we are advising VCs and angels that are more than just old ladies' investment clubs, we do steer them to the kids. This should not come as a surprise to people. It would be a mistake for young people to think that they are better suited to creating successful startups. They are not. They are better suited to creating MORE startups, of a decidedly lower quality. The older entrepreneur in my illustration will show better judgment at every step of the game when compared to a younger entrepreneur. That includes the first step . . . choosing to create a molecular imaging startup instead of a web 2.0 startup that anyone can copy. Actually, Facebook generates a great deal of revenue via advertising. That said, I will concede that the ad based Web 2.0 business model has yet to be tested in an economic downturn. This is something that could leave a Web 2.0 company at the whim of unscrupulous hedge fund managers in the public markets. If their revenue proves to be susceptible to downturns, it will be a less than happy time for Bay area employees. Still, perhaps these companies will be able to come up with a new revenue generating product line. I know that most Web 2.0 entrepreneurs can trot out a list of other "business models" a mile long. However, the issue with them is that they generate revenue in the millions in 'best case' scenarios. What the markets would be looking for is revenue in the hundreds of millions, or billions. At a MINIMUM tens of millions in the 'worst case' scenarios. I think that Facebook has the best chance of ALL of the Web 2.0 sites to make a run at the public markets. Maybe they can charge the users for access later. Or perhaps they can charge all of the developers for access to the platform API. Maybe they will make contracts with advertisers that span YEARS while the internet ad boom is hot. That way they will still have money to get them through to the next ad boom. There are a lot of things they could do. Yes there is . . . and that's GREAT! The ad boom is fueling extremely high levels of investment in the technology sector. That means more companies started, more people working and ultimately, more wealth created. It also gives companies time to work out all of the missteps they take along the way. Consider everyones golden boys, Google. When a rational and dispassionate analysis is applied to the company, there is cause for some concern. They seem challenged to find a revenue generator other than key word advertising via adSense and adWords. Many things have been out of place with their China strategy. It seems their mobile plans are running into issues with the carriers. Add to all of this a palpable arrogance, and I think it starts to sound like a movie we have all seen before. However, since they are flush with IRRATIONAL internet ad cash, they have time to adjust some things. Starting with their God awful name. Google, sounds great in the West. In Chinese . . . well . . . you want to find a new name for it, lets just put it that way. They used Google though, since "it's an internationally recognized brand." What was I saying about palpable arrogance? They handle Chinese name separation in a fashion that only makes sense to Western Web 2.0 technologists. I could go on and on. The long and the short of it is that Baidu is winning. Enter the internet advertising cash, and Google is able to correct. Whether they will depends entirely on them. My point is . . . Thank The Maker for internet ad booms! They have time to come up with a new revenue generator. Maybe they can get into selling some kind of personal internet agent access. Maybe they can charge developers a fee for using their APIs. Who knows . . . the point is because of the bubble, there is time. They have time to do something about their mobile strategy other than whine "waaahhh . . . but the carriers control everything and they want us to pay to access their wireless networks." Umm . . . yeah . . . the carriers gave the American people billions of dollars for the licenses to those airwaves. That is how it SHOULD work. Big corporations give us money for OUR resources, and we let them use OUR resources. If you want a license we would have given one to you too. But guess what . . . WE WOULD HAVE CHARGED YOU BILLIONS OF DOLLARS! The only thing troubling is that we charged the carriers so little. My taxes could have gone down even more if we had played our cards right. Now again, the internet ad boom gives Google the chance to work this out. And not only Google, but lots of companies now have some breathing room. That is a good thing. Will all of these companies survive and thrive. It's anyone's guess, but because of that money many have a fighting chance. OK . . . I got one. Maybe Facebook is even more clever than I gave them credit for. What if they use the platform to stage different features, all implemented by different companies, and some of these companies are WILDLY successful in charging a price for their product. Facebook could buy these companies or replicate the services and boom, they have another revenue line. Shady, but it works. OK everyone, calm down. Let me explain what these internet companies are asking for. Essentially they want the telecoms to pay us, the American Taxpayers, BILLIONS for access to wireless spectrum. Subsequently, they want these telecoms to be obliged to let them use the same wireless spectrum for free. Did I mention that the wireless spectrum is OURS? That it is the sole property of the American Citizenry? Start standing up for your rights people. Either EVERYONE pays US for access to OUR spectrum, or NO ONE does. Look at it this way, on average, many would say a black guy is more cool than any other guy. That said, if one comes into MY store and wants MY product, he will pay the same price as everyone else. Any other method of operating is known as DISCRIMINATION. If Google wants to use OUR spectrum, they are welcome to bid on it like everyone else. But come here Google . . . a little closer I have to tell you a secret. WE are probably going to charge you a good deal more for usage rights to that spectrum than the telecoms want to charge you to sub-lease it. It's because our government needs the money and . . . Oh who am I kidding . . . I just love sticking it to huge companies like yours. I don't care what the other reasons are. By the way, we also have laws that limit your ability to pass those costs on to the consumers, typically us. That's because WE want to be able to access the spectrum as close to free as possible, even after we sell the usage rights to it. You know why? That's right . . . because it is OUR SPECTRUM! I apologize for this rant. It just seems to me that when a company like F@#K!^& GOOGLE is whining about something like this, the cult of victimization in this nation has officially reached its farcical zenith. The people who started that company, AND the early employees for that matter, have more money than 99.9999999% of us. Yet STILL, they want us to give them even more of the few of our resources that they don't already own for FREE!!! I have to stop working Sundays... Alright, firstly if you read my post I said Google is free to BID on the spectrum like everyone else. It is my hope that these bids run into the BILLIONS, we should get our cut. Secondly, an easement brings down the price for the reasons you outlined. However, there will be NO restrictions on HOW the winners use this spectrum. Only a provision that they let other cheap bastards who are not paying us use the spectrum as well, for FREE. Now as long as EVERYONE pays I am happy. Yet when ONLY the telecoms have to pay, and the internet companies ride for free, the American People are losing money. I spend the summers in Paris, and I can tell you that the American People can ill afford to give things away for free. 1 Euro is about US$1.34 right now. The fact that the price would be lower for this spectrum is EXACTLY what INCENSES me. These people will make BILLIONS, and you want us to let them weasel out of the spectrum fees. They already have a myriad of different options for weaseling out of our ability to tax them on the back end. With all due respect, sir, we must agree to disagree. To everyone else, believe me, I'm wealthy enough. If the majority of us wish to continue to give more and more to the wealthy in exchange for less and less, then that is democracy and I will go along with it. It will benefit me after all. I am simply stating my belief that it is contrary to the interests of other social classes. That's true ! ! ! I wonder how many users will click YES when asked if they would like application info to be displayed in their news feed? Because a prompt screen with that question is coming . . . and the default will be NO. At least let's hope it is a prompt, Facebook may simply choose to disable it. There is a perfect storm right now of too many user complaints about application spam, competitors like Hi5 and numerous others circling, and a desire to go public without an ability to do it until the requisite time has past. A lot can happen in that time frame. I think we can expect Facebook to do whatever their user base asks them to do. Why? Because if those user metrics dip at all prior to the exit attempt they are screwed. Uh ohh . . . I believe that some of these 'analysts' are in need of help with a more full understanding of economics. Particularly the seemingly external factors that turn out to be fundamentals when thinking about economies. Energy inputs necessary to generate 'wealth' for example. What population would be necessary to support that level of economic activity. Keep in mind that the larger your population, the more of your fixed amount of energy resources you will need to do simple support of the population outside of other economic activities. I am somewhat uncertain as to whether this is a misprint, however, I felt compelled to point out that US$6 trillion is an enormous amount of economic activity. By way of comparison, WalMart's revenue is about US$350 billion. Global telecom market sits somewhere between US$1 trillion and US$3 trillion depending on how we count things. The energy inputs that go into supporting this economic activity are mind boggling. Keep in mind that these industries invest a great deal in keeping those energy inputs to a minimum, that is, they invest in 'efficiency'. Still the inputs are incredulous! I suspect energy efficiency is not a strength that Facebook is possessed of. I am fairly confident that this is the point that Warren Buffet would pose a question like will people need more Facebook than food? Maybe they will. I just ask that everyone try to keep in mind everything that needs to happen for Facebook to reach those numbers. Then again . . . Maybe he is factoring in the crash of the US Dollar . . . Never mind. You're right . . . Even with a crash, this is just asinine. It's that midwestern courtesy of mine. It obliges me, at times, to simply point out the deficiencies in arguments for silly positions as opposed to dismissing them out of hand. It is difficult to imagine a scenario culminating in the situation that the analyst postulates. AAarrrggghhh!!! I just did it again!!! Listen to nostrademons. US$6 billion makes more sense. Still a little foolhardy. A projection that goes out 10 years in this industry? Not smart. If you give someone US$1 billion, they cannot hurt WalMart much. I suspect they could hurt Facebook a great deal. Maybe the 'new hotness' will come along, maybe Yahoo! will get their act together, maybe Apple (iPhone) is working on an announcement for the next MacWorld conference, maybe some kid is in his dorm right now about to make the whole social networking thing P2P. The Facebook Fawnfest needs to cool off a bit. This guy must have hit a nerve to generate so much vitriol. I think many of the comments here hit on some good points. I think the blog post we are discussing hits on some good points. It is possible that we are all right. We need to be honest here and admit, however, that the vast majority of the free to use consumer startups that we are seeing will be challenged generate US$1 Billion in revenue a year. Or for that matter, even US$100 Million. That is why there is little talk about taking the majority of them public, because other than as a delivery vector for advertisements, there is scarce value in this crop of startups. To be perfectly frank, these are less than ideal platforms for ad delivery as well. What can be done? We can try other models, and I'm sure many will. There are a boatload of virtual worlds, virtual world platforms, and MMOs coming on line this fall. ALL of them plan on using ads, microtransactions, and subscriptions. They are in the good position of being able to use all three of these at the same time, and all of them will. I predict though that by December all of these companies will have their models DESTROYED by two guys on their couch in boxer shorts developing a FREE virtual world on their laptops while watching SportsCenter and eating ramen. There will be 1000 college students "building portfolios" around the country that will make gigabytes of content for the new LINUX of virtual worlds. It will all be P2P or hosted on Amazon, and it will piss many a VC off. So the only thing these businesses will have left will be advertising. This is the situation web 2.0 is in. People keep investing in the hope that some little twist will be the magic one that brings in the most ad bucks. Charging for these things is not an option, there will be free alternatives if you wait 6 weeks. Even virtual worlds can be duplicated in 6 weeks these days! What can we do? It's easy to point out the holes in what is currently being done, it is much more difficult to offer a WORKABLE solution. The business practices in the web 2.0 space are becoming less and less honorable. In addition to this, I was reading recently about companies who were using Facebook apps to advertise, you guessed it, other Facebook apps. So funded startups pay these funded startups to advertise to Facebook users, who then start using the advertised app. Would be perfectly acceptable, only to date this seems to be the only proven model for generating money from Facebook apps. This is being described by investment circles in the midwest as a new age multi level marketing scheme. That is, if the group you are talking to is gentlemanly. The less gentlemanly circles are calling it a Ponzi scheme. This young man aggregated a very valuable demographic in one place. Over 2 Million prime "hosteling" candidates, and travelers all accessible through his user list. As to the question of whether this is real, I am uncertain. It would be understandable however if it were. What many entrepreneurs realize too late is that acquiring a lot of heterogeneous users quickly is of little value. Acquiring HOMOGENEOUS users is of great value. When all of a sites users are homogeneous, ie travelers, or runners, or 30 year old single women, the number of methods of monetizing them are legion. Monetization of an audience of less than 5 million is more difficult where there is no commonality. This young man chose the simplest monetization method, sell the names.