Depends on the situation - a doctor can take his time during say, a cancer diagnosis, but not in the ER. Do you want a doctor who's trying to patch up your innards after a serious accident to look up where your pancreas is located? Inexperience leads to a lot of wasted time searching for things along the way. The more you know in your head, the better. Remember the wasteful spending back in the UNIX workstation days - a Sun 10 in every administrator's office for e-mail, and nobody ever had the training to use the things? It wasn't until quite recently in (PC land) that programming tools (namely compilers) were generally free, or even low cost. In the past you made due with crippled 'Turbo' or 'Quick' versions of the Borland or Microsoft products. $79.99 vs $799.99 for the full-blown version. Some vendors sold C compilers for the price of a used car. The PC C compiler market had a ton of players: Borland, Watcom, Symantec, Microsoft for 'real projects', while you had low-cost compilers from MIX and Mark Williams and some shareware products as well. You'll be paying extra for things like DOS Extenders, or sound and graphics libraries. DJGPP came along and gave DOS guys not only a 32-bit DPMI environment but a free compiler! By that time everyone was moving to Windows (except id software who gave us Quake as one last DOS classic). What did Visual C++ 6.0 cost? Anywhere from a couple hundred to a over a thousand USD depending on what version you got. Apple makes Xcode freely available, Microsoft has Express editions of their products, and Google makes their Android tools available for download. Plus, everything else can be had for free. Graphics library? Sound code? Physics engines? Go to Github. When you run out of passion, or will. >> I have never understood why people are willing to purchase dogs. Sadly, certain breeds of dogs are considered a status symbol, are trendy, or buyers think they can sell the offspring of said dog to recoup the costs (and then some). Remember the glut of Dalmations at shelters after the '101 Dalmations' movie came out? Every kid wanted one, parents bought them, and after realizing they can be very difficult dogs to live with, they were sent to the shelters. I thought this article was going to be about the $52 billion a year Americans spend on pets. Outdoor cats are a huge threat to wildlife as well. A skilled cat is capable of hunting just about anything in your backyard. Our provider allows us to modify firewall rules through their control panel. Perfect for when we have a dev working from home or a hotel room for a few days. I didn't know anything about computer languages except—a friend of mine had gone to MIT and, while he was there, he would Xerox pages out of books that were good topics, and he had sent me a lot of pages back from compiler design books. I wonder if MIT knew about students sharing information with the outside world 40 years ago. If this copyright violation would have not happened, we'd be in a world without Apple computer, or at least Apple BASIC. You can also tell it doesn't seem to do it when you move the mouse back to the original menu item. I was streaming a sporting event the other day, and my old, but still very useful laptop (2GB, SSD, T7500 C2D 2.2GHz) was being crushed. It streamed fine but I couldn't do much else on that laptop, memory usage was through the roof. I don't have that issue with YouTube but not every site has such an optimized player/media combination. Good thing I have a second laptop that I could continue to use for normal tasks at the same time. We replaced our Core 2 Duo/Pentium Dual Core machines with new Dell i5's, and every single person complained that the new computer wasn't any faster than the old ones. It was worth the SSD upgrade for Outlook alone. Import a 6GB PST file in 20 minutes instead of 6 hours. The data isn't unlimited with T-Mobile, at least not usable speeds. You can run your AT&T iPhone on StraightTalk for $45/month and get unlimited calling. I don't use many minutes, butT-Mobile service is basically non-existent where I live. Would these fingers be considered 'burglars tools' by the courts? It's a little closer to 3x as fast http://www.tomshardware.com/reviews/processor-architecture-b... I've always had a little bit of a soft spot for SuSE, and I had my fingers crossed that when they were acquired by Novell, it would become more popular in the business world. I think two main things are holding it back from becoming one of the 'main' distributions. The first is YaST, which is just strange in the land of yum and apt. The second is just the sheer amount of support distros like Ubuntu have. There's not as many resources out there, even though the last time I checked OpenSUSE had a strong, but small community. There's this triangle of food - cost/time/consequences. You can spend little time and little money, and get something that's not very healthy for you. The dollar menu, for instance. You can spend a little time and a lot of money buying pre-prepared food at say, the deli at Whole Foods, and get something pretty healthy. If you have the time, tools, and knowledge, you can make cheap healthy food at home. It just depends on what resources you have and what sacrifices you want to make. Shopping, cooking, doing the dishes, those things all take time you could use to do other things. I wonder if they considered allowing 4 cores, but double the CPU allotment? 4x1000MHz CPU instead of 8x500MHz CPU, for example. 8 cores does give you the highest best-case performance, since you can use 100% of each core if the other Linodes on your host are not using them. They show the 1024 Linode with 8 CPU's as an example. But they also state that there are on average 20 1024 Linodes on each host machine, making 20x8 = 160 vCPU's being used. Marketing-wise, more cores sounds impressive. But I wonder if performance per physical host is reduced splitting them into so many vCPU's > So maybe next refresh is the memory? Probably - according to their FAQ it looks like each host has about ~20GB of memory which is pretty small these days. How far does a million dollars get you when you're buying redundant Cisco equipment for 6 datacenters? Dell's painted plastic finish was also a big turnoff to me. The paint comes off and scratches much easier than the Lenovo black plastic and rubberized case. Can anyone comment on how much resources are spent on making something 'releasable'? Not just packaging and the initial commit/support, but spending the time to make it generic enough to be useful to other users. I suggested our company site be re-done using Joomla. The original site was on an ancient platform that we don't work with anymore and we kept an entire server around for it. We spun up a cloud server with Joomla on it for production use, and a local VM for testing. We had a template created for a couple hundred bucks from some ideas our designers came up with (they can't code, so...) from an Eastern-European on a freelancing site. Then we just let our marketing guy (also can't code) and some interns loose putting up content. It took a few weeks of their spare time and we had a great looking, functional website. Since then, the marketing guy has installed a hundred different 'Joomla plugins of the week' and brought the site down a bunch of times, trying to make it into a blog, newsletter, signup sheet, web store... You don't have to stay on the bleeding edge. We're stuck with Ruby 1.8.7, and we've got a mix of Rails 1, 2, and 3 apps. For better or for worse. Unity and GNOME 3 would be great for comparison - I've seen over 1GB in use by Unity at times. It'd also be nice to try to measure CPU overhead when dragging a window around or just displaying them. Some of the newer desktops just seem slow if you have older hardware (such as a laptop with a C2D, Intel or older ATI graphics)