It takes real talent to reduce perfectly readable numbers into incomprehensible speed-dial infographics. Repost http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1681480 I'm torn. On one hand, it's yet another infographic. On the other hand... it's actually informative. The Google News changes introduced earlier this year proved this to me. You'd be challenged to find a single person on the internet who prefers the new Google News format. It took months for the design team to grant even the slightest hint of a concession, letting people switch back to an (albeit uglier and less efficient) two-column format. Mentioned in the comments, but another extremely useful feature is if you type ctrl+r and start typing a command, it will give you the last command you ran that contains that substring. Not especially surprising, nor damning of american-borns. Those with the motivation, skills, and education to move abroad (to anywhere!) and start a business are going to, on average, outperform the population which was born there. Not because they are naturally better, but because they were self-selected by being there in the first place. Just like I'd be willing to bet that americans living abroad are overrepresented as entrepreneurs wherever they happen to be living. It's an interesting story, but I had to stop reading when I read this line: "The cloud was actually CO2 mixed with air. " Your money might not be stashed offshore, but your periods and commas seem to be safely hidden. It's not really an IP stack. But it does ping. So a more accurate name would be: Twing I am skeptical. If they were really going for all websites ending with "bay", I'd think some bigger ones would be on the list... like piratebay. Unless they think that's a hopeless case. You apparently haven't heard of my neutrino-powered wifi transmitter. My chemistry is extremely rusty, but I thought that even if the reaction was at equilibrium, there is still a rate of reaction--it's just that the forward and backward reaction rates are the same, so there's no net change. (anyone with a better knowledge of chemistry please correct me if I'm wrong) wikileaksleaks.com is open! Someone make it happen! It's ridiculous to say there is no plan B. Plan B has been in place and has been slowing the use of IPv4 addresses for years: Network Address Translation If you have a home network, in all likelihood your computers do not have unique external IP addresses, just your router. Even if for some reason IPv6 was never rolled out, this would just be implemented on a larger scale--your neighborhood may get a single unique IP. I would obviously prefer widespread IPv6 adoption, but implying chaos otherwise is just ridiculous. It would just make things a bit more painful. Sometimes worry that this is a depressing answer to Fermi's paradox (Fermi's paradox asks why no intelligent life has been found, if the odds of it are so high): http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fermi_paradox Maybe when a species/civilization gets to a certain point of sophistication and intelligence, the motive to keep expanding (or even reproducing, apparently) stops, and they don't go on to colonize anywhere else. Really, the only reason the Americas are so populated right now is because of crazy overpopulation in Europe at the time. If a new continent was discovered today (or if Mars was suddenly terraformed), how long would it take for it to be populated? Would it ever be? I don't think it's that simple. Plenty of people living in poverty manage to have quite large families. I think instead it's the desire to have children only if you can have them and still live a the level of comfort you desire. It used to be, that people had kids simply because it was the default, and everyone did. But now that society has advanced to the point that people are able to make different decisions, it seems like often the choice is, simply to not have them. That's all I mean by sophistication--the ability to look at how you are living, and make those choices for yourself. No, it won't. If you maintain the same sub-replacement fertility rate, you'll end up with a stable inverted population pyramid, albeit a constantly shrinking one. Every generation will have too few workers to support too many retirees. Even if the whole field is in focus, only the parts of the image hitting the fovea (in the center of the retina) will be in detail. That said, I'd still be curious to see how it looks... I don't actually think that would be a problem for most men. "So my question is, why haven’t the nerds moved on?" + "Please don’t mention Linux on the desktop. Seriously." ? Let me paraphrase the post: "I have a random thought that is edgy but not well thought enough for me to permit reasonable counterexamples." To be completely correct, you'd need to normalize the prizes over the population of each country at the time each prize was awarded, since population growth (or decline, for germany) patterns are not the same for each of those countries. As long as you ignore the "thousands of people killed each year by drug cartels which the police and military are unable to control" metric Open office is a threat only to those who use it. We wrote this blog post back at the end of July about the project, not in response to the WSJ article. There have been a few posts since then discussing other aspects of the project, and there will be an update coming quite soon. Personally Identifying Information (PII) is defined as data which can uniquely identify an individual--name, social security number, facebook ID. Rapleaf's personalization service--which is designed to let websites personalize based on who is viewing the website--does not serve PII. Instead, it serves targeting data like "Age 40-50" and "Interests Basketball". The idea behind the Anonymouse project is that a person should not be able to be personally identified based on the targeting information served about them. Only sets of targeting data which cannot be traced back to a unique individual is stored in the personalization cookie. For example, it would be okay to serve a targeting cookie about a person which contained "Male, Wealthy, looking to buy a Ferrari", because thousands of people fit that description, and the ad network or website cannot identify the person with any reasonable specificity. It would not be okay, however, to target a person as "52 year old Male, makes $256,000, lives in Sometown OH, and was born on April 12th", because in all likelihood, only one or two people fit that description, and the data would effectively serve as PII, and this would be no better than dropping a facebook ID in the cookie. Let me know if anything's unclear, or if you want more details. From a CS perspective, it's a really cool/hard problem, and something we've spent a lot of time on. We're planning on writing an update blog post on where we are... as soon as we're done coding : )