Apple already uses 'pull to refresh' in loads of their internal iOS apps. That 'rubber band' scrolling is present in many other environments, such as Windows Phone 7 Been doing Personal Setup in Apple stores for a year now and I can assure you that all new macs come out-of-the-box with secondary click enabled for Trackpads, Magic Trackpads and Magic Mice. Apple's (internal) policies are actually quite lenient for refunding any purchases. Of course it means to need to email them, but you definitely have a method of recourse. Yeah, they havent done a good job of localising this. In Australia it asks for an 'area code' as well has my phone number for my mobile phone. How can a MOBILE phone have an area code (in Australia, area codes are per state). Now, I know that technically the area code for ALL mobile phone numbers is 04, so I split that up. Nope, SMS never arrives. Next I removed the leading zero from the area code so it would be formatted as +61 4 xxxx xxxx. Those who are familiar with Telcos and the way phone numbers work internationally would eventually stumble onto the right solution. Still pretty shocking though. Right. So as a consumer, it's mostly painless. For developers, it's fundamentally broken as potatolicious describes https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=5454729 I'm thinking that it's specific to the LCIs used in only the specified models. The LCIs Apple uses now are a lot harder to trigger. I opened an iPhone up and placed a drop of water right on the LCI and it didn't trigger for a decent amount of time. Chome does address bar perfectly fine in full-screen mode. http://i.imgur.com/YOdp2gP.png Presentation mode (pictured in article) hide away all window chrome for... presentation Currently https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/currently/ojhmphdk... Although its all of a sudden introduced this nasty bug: It steals focus away from the address bar which is horrible. What's with the nav box completely blocking the document? http://cl.ly/OnPN Running Chrome 28.0.1496.0 dev > It doesn't have a cloud component What is the 'cloud component' of Dropbox. Isnt that just the (storage) servers? Isnt the native Dropbox app using the "Dropbox API to interface with Dropbox's servers directly"? And you can't 'just' have a small chip reader. The PIN can only be entered in hardware, so you end up with something ridiculous like this http://www.ingenico.com/en/products/payment-terminals/mobili... Been to an Apple Store in the last month (In Australia, at least)? This is how Apple tackles it http://www.ingenico.com/en/products/payment-terminals/mobili... I guess that's why for people with impaired vision, there's always been a High Contrast mode in iOS Of course you can downgrade. You just can't downgrade after iOS 7 goes gold. You obviously don't understand how Apple Stores work. He will actually probably retell this story (or a similar one where he convinced someone) later on and be applauded by his supervisors and peers. Apple is in the business of making people happy because, ultimately, happy people will eventually spend more money. I don't really buy the 'more expensive' line. Previously the suite was a prohibitively expensive for me, whereas now I pay $50 a month. Spread over two years (approx range between CS updates), I still come ahead by about $1000. Developers cannot support pre-iOS 5 anyway His apps are exclusive to the Apple platform? Instapaper has an open API, and The Magazine is available online. One advantage is that formatting shortcuts (Cmd/Ctr + B etc) work with content editable (at least in my browser, Safari 7) Checked bags, as in baggage stowed in the luggage compartment and not what you carry on. Well that is a bit interesting. The message from AppleConnect (being the auth platform that is behind the"Apple ID") indicates that the "Developer" application has been revoked and is no longer allowed to auth with AppleConnect. Perhaps there was a security breach? In Australia, Whatsapp is very big within at least the Asian communities I've found In the original thread a Facebook security researcher mentioned that they receive a lot of reports that just aren't bugs ("I view source and my password is there in plaintext!") > The English thing is a total red herring. [...] the bugfinder compromised a non-consenting account to demonstrate it. Could you not make an argument that the bug finder didn't understand this the proper guidelines as Facebook.com/whitehat is only available in English?