While this is pretty funny, I feel I should point out they're only using half the scpecification of Intelligent Design. There are two parts: 1. The less likely a pattern is, the more likely it is to have been designed by an intelligent agent. If the lists used in the example were randomly generated, they would all have equal likelihood, so this criterion is useless for the example given. 2. The more closely a pattern matches an external, independently-specified pattern, the more likely it is to have been designed by an intelligent agent. This is the same principle used in SETI searches, which look for sequences of primes etc. to identify signals with intelligent sources. IIRC, the total likelihood of intelligence is the product of the two parts. In this community, everyone is an oddity. Get used to it or GTFO. That's what they said about dumping garbage in the ocean. Guys, stop downvoting posts just because you disagree with them. If you have something to add to the discussion, add it. Parent was not abusive or off-topic or otherwise deserving of downmodding. Introversion, the UK games company that did Uplink, Defcon, and Darwinia, has been working on a game called Subversion that has procedurally generated cities, from terrain mapping to placing desk chairs in the offices of the buildings. http://www.introversion.co.uk/subversion/ The Ubiquity team at Mozilla is lead by Aza Raskin, son of Jef Raskin. (Jef wrote the book "Humane Interfaces" and developed THE (The Humane Environment), which never progressed beyond the tech demo you can read about at http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Archy and download the last version from https://users-www.wineme.fb5.uni-siegen.de/home/Sebastian%20... ). Aza started Humanized, to develop Enso, a direct predecessor of Ubiquity, but which I find even more useful since it runs outside the browser,and is therefore useable from any program, and is written in Python, and it totally hackable. You can get Enso from http://humanized.com/ . Ubuntu Studio does have a neutral grey palette. Modifying the color is easy, System->Preferences->Appearance. I think it's called Studio because the Linux kernel was built with more aggressive real-time options turned on by default, to reduce jutter in audio+video capture. These are real, though they don't look any less ridiculous: http://blog.makezine.com/archive/2009/01/maker_channel_105_t... Ralph Nader really did kill the American-made small car industry, but that was a long time ago... I got a diploma at my graduation. It was two full weeks after finals. Perspective change for you: It's the Internet. It takes up a huge amount of space, utilizing zillions of processors, and is insanely parallel. Not to mention improving my vocabulary - mostly of swear words. I think if Sony had made MemoryStick and MiniDisk (or whatever it was called) a lot more "open," they would have killed the competition. IIRC, the mapreduce fees are on top of the normal EC2 instance fees? They doubled the ram before the petabyte sort. Is that what you're talking about? It's not as hard as you might think. Sure, it's loud and cramped, but it's really freakin' dull in one of those things! I daydreamed just fine. I even know someone who fell asleep during an MRI. Heh, it was only my brain they were interested in. Burlington Telecom is one of the more successful, from Vermont: http://www.burlingtontelecom.net/ A bunch of disaffected college students just got out for the summer, and have more time to read and submit articles here. I'm pretty sure they would have factored that in to the study. Google is very good at counting which link you clicked, and how long it took you to find it. This reminds me of a quote by Thomas Jefferson, at the bottom of this page: http://books.google.com/books?id=VGYSAAAAYAAJ&pg=RA1-PA2... (Geez that's a long URL!) Basically it says that we shouldn't build our important buildings out of wood, because wood rots. If you want something to last more than 50-100 years, make it out of something more durable. Yeah, but it can play every game of Sudoku ever - all at the same time!!!! If the government provided health care, he'd still be paying for it, with his taxes. No, he said the money changes hands fewer times - this (all else being equal, which it's not) does make things more efficient. Wow, just reading that brought back a lot of painful memories. I used to hone my skill at carefully tearing seeds out of seed-pods while leaving the pods intact, out of sheer boredom.