I don't think anyone has trademarked the name. I don't have it registered and it doesn't show up if I search for it either. I can't say I implemented much but I did design out what I'd like to build (in a dated notebook) and pitched the idea a bit to get feedback. I didn't acquire anything (domain, handles, etc) with the intent of a shakedown (nor is it on my mind at all). I can tell from the domain registration dates that they registered their alternative name after me. My immediate reaction to seeing the competitor was validation, "whoa somebody else had the same idea as me... I guess it's not terrible!" I do really like the name (it's fairly catchy). I think a part of my attachment to the idea comes from that. At the very least it the catchiness keeps it in my mind. Greece has a massive annual deficit before counting interest on existing debt. Beyond defaulting on their existing debt they need to make large structural changes to their fiscal policy for recovery to be sustainable. Otherwise their borrowing costs would be beyond junk. Put it this way, if you make $100k per year and spend $160k, and you have no assets, what bank is going to give you a loan? What's the point of promises being part of ES6? I understand them and use them quite a bit. I just don't understand why they're in the language spec. They don't add anything new to the language ( vs say generators or symbols ). Is it purely for performance? > A modern "new deal" for elder care would also do the trick.. Oh please no! Boomers have already pillaged and mortgaged the futures of the youth enough already. The last thing we need is for them to stick it one more time with a new set of unpaid indefinite obligations. For a simpler approach, just give everybody $X (00 or 000?) either one off or repeatedly. It's as progressive as it gets and at least some youth will benefit. I don't think you have access to the actual private key file so this would be restricted to AWS services like an ELB. With letsencrypt you have the key file as well so you can use it for securing any type of connection (not just a load balancer front end). Is there a way to track uptime across kexec[1] restarts? That way you could differentiate between a hard reboot and "soft" one (ex: automated kernel upgrade). Having a system like that working for a 18 years would be insane! [1]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kexec That's still broken. They've just pushed the problem deeper. Now instead of having a timing attack on the number of operations in the compare, the timing attack is pushed to the number of bytes that is hashed by sha256. Also, this opens up a new avenue in that now hash collisions (as unlikely as they may be) would be considered equal. > OpenSSL provides the option SSL_OP_SINGLE_DH_USE for ephemeral DH (DHE) in TLS. It is not on by default. If the option is not set then the server reuses the same private DH exponent for the life of the server process and would be vulnerable to this attack. It is believed that many popular applications do set this option and would therefore not be at risk. Shouldn't that be "... do NOT ..."? Edit: Nevermind the double negative got me. Setting the option (which is not on by default) mitigates the issue and they're saying many apps do set it. > Could you imagine if oil prices went up and suddenly that $0.50/gal tax disappeared overnight? Great point. This is the same thing that's happening now with tobacco taxes and lottery revenue. Tax money is fungible so the repercussions will cascade beyond the original programs the money would be allocated to. > So labor should just take whatever management and politicians feel like giving them like obedient little servants? They can choose to work in the private sector. Nobody is forcing them to work for the public sector. > How has that worked out in the past? Do we feel that the civil service is sufficiently isolated from rapidly changing political pressures to ensure the rights of workers and to avoid the inherent issues involved in political control of a large group of government workers? The alternative is that public sector unions funnel money to career politicians. The latter are signing checks using other people's money (i.e. the tax payers) and it's in their (the politicans') interest to give in to union demands as they get a voting block come election season. It's interesting that this time around the bids didn't bottom out at the min. All but one are in the $300-$500 range. The first time they tried this the winning bid was one (1) dollar[1]. [1]: https://18f.gsa.gov/2015/11/06/micro-purchase-lessons/ Is there any more info or examples (demo, video, etc) of Magic Leap available anywhere? Every article has the same "mini elephant in hands" picture. I've never seen anything else. echo "deb http://repo.logdna.com stable main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/logdna.list sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install -y --force-yes logdna-agent sudo logdna-agent -k 6a7b7c622290d1a49bbe5a94dc6828d Haven't tried this yet but the install instructions don't include adding a GPG key. Instead it has the option "--force-yes" which I believe skips that check. That would work for the initial install but wouldn't it complain down the road when you try to update the package? > Being bilingual is just another proxy for a middle class or higher upbringing. ... or you could be raised by immigrants who continue to speak their mother tongue at home while the children learn English (or whatever else is the primary language) via TV/School/Public. There's nothing higher upbringing about retaining your parents' culture. If anything, it's more associated with lower class families. I don't see homemaker (i.e. housewife, stay at home dad, etc) on there. I wonder if it's because it doesn't rank high enough or just wasn't included in the data set. I'd imagine that the higher paying jobs would lean more towards a single income household. > Probably because that's not tracked as a profession beacuse it's not really one. Anyone who thinks being a homemaker is not a profession has no clue what it entails. If you consider a couple as a single unit, it's simply optimizing by specialization. When you look at the cost of baby-sitting/nannies it makes a lot of sense too. Why make $40K extra if I'm going to spend $35K on a nanny? > You are tracked by what you actually learned. No you're tracked by what your current position is. I'm pretty sure that office assistants who studied literature are still tracked as office assistants. > People become stay at home mums/dad in the relationship, not before. Exactly and this data represents a set of married people, not a set of jobs. If it doesn't include homemaker as an option then you've excluded all married single income households. > The official policy from schools lately has been "zero tolerance" for violence, meaning if someone hits you and you defend yourself, you get suspended for just as long as they do. While I think most would agree that endorsing violence is generally bad, I'd advocate children defending themselves in that type of situation. It's not the only thing to do (someone needs to call an adult/teacher/etc) but if kids are penalized for coming to the aid of a fellow in need, what less are we teaching them? [1] > It's set up to let the school wash their hands of any responsibility, but without having to have an uncomfortable "Your kid is an asshole who keeps starting fights" / "My kid is a perfect angel and I'm suing you for suspending him" conversation. > It's not designed to solve the victim's problem, it's designed to make it not the school's problem. Bingo. That's the issue with a lot of these so called solutions to social problems. They only solve the legal problems of the org where they're taking place. [1]: Spoiler: The lesson is don't get involved in other people's problems. You missed this equally sparkling gem (emphasis mine): "The most obvious revenue stream could come from ‘ad words’, where a Giphy search could turn up sponsored content based on what the user was looking for. If it worked for Google, there’s no reason why it wouldn’t work for Giphy , and founder and CEO Alex Chung hinted on the phone that this would likely be the main source of revenue for Giphy when it decides to flip the switch." I don't want to see homeless people, drug deals, vomiting drunks, or pantless vagrants on my commute to work either. Does that make me heartless? I would hope not because otherwise these problems are not going to be solved. You need people who do NOT want to see that kind of crap on a daily basis to do something about it. How much does it cost? (I don't see any pricing information on your website) Is the business model taking over the management of on site SaaS applications? If so, what's the difference between this and outsourcing maintenance (i.e devops) of your application to a third party? var array = []; client.addListener('message', function (from, to, text) { var time = Math.floor(new Date() / 1000); var obj = { nick: from, message: text }; var item = '\"' + time + '\"\:' + JSON.stringify(obj); array.push(item); fs.writeFile(file, '{' + array + '}\n', function() { // console.log("updated"); }); }); This will buffer all the messages in memory (in the variable "array") and rewrite the file on every message. Besides the lack of atomicity mentioned in another comment, that's also really inefficient and will eventually run out of memory. Plus 1000 incoming messages will lead to 1000 sequential rewrites of the same file! > I like how the articles specifies men's sperm as opposed to women's sperm. Although that does bring up a point about whether someone should research the effect on corresponding female parts. Where did you go to school and what exactly do you think is "woman's sperm"? Do you mean her cache of eggs? > Certificate Transparency-style public ledger for all firmwares that Apple has signed. Refuse an update if the firmware version has not been published to the ledger. This would make these backdooring attempts public, since we can assume people would watch the ledger and ask questions in case of an unknown version being published. That's seems like a fantastic idea but without open source firmware I don't see how it could be enforced. Maybe a stupid question but is there a publicly hosted GitLab that provides free repo space (and the usual pay for private repos) or is it only self hosted?