> I think we need to foster a culture of honesty and rigor. Of good science. Which is decidedly different from fostering a culture of "repetition" for its own sake. That is not sufficient. Honesty and rigor is of course required for good science, but it is not sufficient. Even if honesty and rigor you WILL still get false positives. Statistics is used to measure how likely this is. Statistical methods do nothing to tell you if any particular case happens to be a false positive. For many studies a confidence of 95% is considered good enough to publish, but if you do the math that means a honest researcher who publishes 20 such studies has probably published one false result! If there are 20 studies published in a journal statistically one is false. Thus replication is important. It gets worse though, the unexpected is published more often - if it is true it means a major change to our current theories and this is important to published. However our theories have been created and refined over many years, it is somewhat unlikely they are wrong (but not impossible). Or to put it a different way, if I carefully drop big and small rocks off the leaning town of Pisa and measure that the large rock "falls faster" that is more likely to be published than if I found they fell at the same speed. I think most of us would be suspicious of that result, but after examining my "methods and data" will not show any mistake I made. Most science is in areas where wrong results are not so obvious. > It's impossible to re-verify every single paper you read True, but somebody needs to re-verify every paper. It need not be you personally, but someone needs to. Meta-analysis only works if people re-verify every paper. Note that you don't need to do the exact experiment, verifying results with a different experiment design is probably more useful than repeating the exact same experiment: it might by chance remove a design factors that we don't even know we need to account for yet. > And I'm pretty sure literally no scientist takes a paper's own description of its results at face value without reading through methods and looking at (at least) a summary of the data. I hope not, but even if they check out, it doesn't follow that things are correct. Maybe something wasn't calibrated correctly and that wasn't noticed. Maybe there are other random factors nobody knows to account for today. The above all assumes that good science is possible. In medical fields you may only have a few case studies: several different doctors saw different people each with some rare disease, tried some treatment and got some result. There is no control, no blinding, and a sample size of 1. But it is a rare disease so you cannot do better. > There is no reason we should spend extra effort on kids that have that much difficulty learning or hate school that much. The kid isn't likely to come out that much better in the long run. Source needed if you want to make that a fact... I disagree. While I want to best students to get help to be better (they are the ones who can handled difficult but important fields, and can make the next breakthroughs to make my life better), I also do not want to be supporting the worst students in Prison or Welfare, as both are a drain on society. I'm willing to accept the kids with Downs syndrome (to name just one) will never have the mental capacity to amount to much, the next level up can at least support themselves if we give them help. Low skill manufacturing jobs are gone and they will not come back. Robots are too cheap (even in places like China or India where labor is much cheaper than the US robots can still out compete humans for some tasks). The only chance those below average kids have is if we give them enough education now that they can handle a the simpler tasks that require a brain. Science fiction can tackle the problem of what do we do when AI is "smarter" than humans. It is an interesting problem. The reality for the next half lifetime at least is AI will not be able to beat humans in many of the jobs that require an education. Thus I want everyone who could get an education to get one. Unemployment is highest amount the young. Sounds to me like companies are screwing themselves by not hiring the young before the old people retire so that there is a continual pool of people to replace those that retire. This isn't a new thing. the company I'm working for now made that mistake in the 1980's - we were forced to have our first layoffs and for 20 years after almost nobody was hired (our corporate culture is very much based on once you are hired you have a job for life if you want it)... Now there is a plan in place to ensure that a few young people are hired even in the bad years so that retirement doesn't cost too much. It probably does approach 0. The truck is going anyway, most of the cost of a truck is wind resistance so adding more books up to the weight limit is close to zero. Amazon is probably never shipping a single book, they are using analytics to decide if they should ship a case of books. If they think you are 90% likely to buy a book tomorrow but you are the only one who will it isn't worth the risk. If they decide 100 people are 50% likely to buy a book, sending a box of 100 books is a good investment - if 50 people buy tomorrow that implies 40 will buy the next day and 30 the day after and then 45 the next day and so on for a few weeks/months as sales slowly drop to zero. True (for some processors), but if you are doing packaged structs that should imply you have a reason to tell the compiler you know better than it how to write the struct. That most often (in my experience) means the struct is used for data interchange (ie network or files) and so you have to pay that price for byte access because byte access is a requirement. The other time to do that you might do this is when your are memory constrained and so you are willing to pay a runtime cost just to save a couple bytes of precious memory. I have encountered the first often in the real world: networks are very common. I have only seen the latter one 8 bit CPUs (there they are paying a price to access bits not bytes) Bitfields orders are "implementation defined". So you need to ask the vendor of every compiler you support what the compiler does. Once you know what the compilers you support do you can write code specific for them and everything works great. It is only when someone tried a different compiler (including an upgrade of the existing one) that you can run into problems. Non profits have to watch the rules about lobbying. I'd be surprised if Mozilla could do anything usefully. Some MUAs are pretty slow. It isn't hard to do better than a few of the MUAs I've used, and webmail often is better just because more people use them so more optimization has gone into them. I think this is the main one. Webmail often has a really fast pipe to the email storage, which means it can get the headers faster and then extract only the parts it needs. Webmail is not required to use IMAP (though many do) an optimized protocol can offer advantages. Because I have interests other than running my own email server. I am capable of running my own email server. I'm also capable of taking my own garbage to the dump every week. I'm capable of removing my own appendix if that is required (under self administered local anesthesia). I hire those things done because I have better things to do with my time. I got tired of keeping up with the latest anti-spam best practices. I can pay someone $15/month to make the weekly trip to the local dump saving me an hour every week (I believe the dump charges a dumping fee as well which makes the math more in my favor). I can pay someone else to go to medical school thus saving me the time it takes. I would rather play with my kids, and if I can ever get them to sleep I have plenty of other things I enjoy doing. FastMail is a cheap and easy option to email. They provide some services that I value over what free accounts have. It is a compromise, but everything is. I freely admit that I was failing at administering my own email servers: I never did get some anti-spam thing in place so a few domains rejected everything I sent. I got about 100 spam messages in my inbox every day (my filters caught 3 for each they let through). With Fastmail everyone accepts my email, and I get about one spam message a week which I can handle. My tax returns are emailed to me. Even though I have never needed them I'm legally required to save them for 7 years just in case. I have a number of other emails in the old list that I don't expect to ever need again but they are still relevant to something and I need to keep them just in case. Odds are my house will not burn down, but I still have fire insurance - most of my old emails are like that: I don't believe I will ever need them but I can't prove it. At work I've discovered outlook has an expires after tag that I can set on each email - I set this on everything I save which keeps my saved messages clean. I haven't found a convent way to do that with anything else though I understand something like it exists. I've always wanted to try putting a trackball on the floor, I've heard it is great for window selection. (I use focus follow mouse - if you are stuck on something other than a X this may not apply) I don't know of any current computer that will not allow you to plug more than one pointer device into it. Why limit yourself to just one, get them both and see what you use. Some computers even let each device control a separate pointer which might be useful - or might be a big pain. Only you can know what will work for you. If the struct is byte, machine word, byte, machine word there is no way to pull that off. WalMart has experts, but they are already busy current problems. To get into online needs experts who spend their time on the problem - but WalMart cannot afford to let their current experts leave their current jobs or the company would go under. That isn't to say WalMart can't (or shouldn't) transfer some of their experts to Jet, and some Jet experts elsewhere. Just that they cannot afford to lose all their experts in the core business to the online dream. I too expect this to turn out to be a terrible decision, but I've been proven wrong on my expectations before. Reasons like the above is generally why. True, but every time I choose that option Amazon takes a week before they even ship anything. (it then arrives in a few days) Back before prime everything I ordered from Amazon shipped next day, or I got an out of stock email and the rest shipped the next day and arrived in a few days. Sure free shipping was advertised as whenever, but the reality was free shipping used to mean about a week not it means 2 weeks to a month. This is a massive loss in satisfaction. There are many things that waiting a week is acceptable, but two weeks is beyond what I'm able to plan in advance for. I have never ordered enough from amazon to make prime worth considering. The troubles I've had lately mean I just assume Amazon won't ship in time and so once I see something on amazon that I think I want I look to see who else sells it. I'll pay $.50 extra to have it shipped the next day. > I guess the question is, if we pretend the technology, on it's own merit, was attempted within say, the US, would it work out? Where in the US? Most cities have power/phone/cable wires crossing the street somewhat randomly. There are also bridges that this won't get under. There are also stoplight and signs that hang over the roadway. You can probably find a newish quiet residential neighborhood in the suburbs without all that in the way. However traffic is generally not a concern in those places. Thus I'm going to say even if technically it works perfectly, and turns out to be a great idea with no other concerns it will be many years before cities redesign themselves enough to make it work. I can see a city like Las Vagas putting something like this on the strip as a publicity stunt. It would only go a couple miles, but it is feasible to rebuild a few miles of street to make it work. Assuming the above, it is feasible. You time the cross streets signals so that there is no cross traffic. Cars can drive under it no problem. There needs to be something to ensure cars don't turn into a tire, but seems solvable. If we just assuming running one back and forth down the street it is easy. If you want to run more than one you need to handle turn around with no traffic - this thing will need more room to turn, but since it is a dedicated line you can close a low traffic intersection for that (or since it is on rails just go up and over - maybe around a block... lots of options) Of course once you look at the above you say "it can be done, but I think there are more conventional alternatives that make more sense." I think the for anything where this makes sense a monorail is better: known technology, and since it isn't at ground level there is no safety issues. Even we assume you solve the engineering and cost issues, I don't think it is a good idea. Irrigation systems are used where there isn't enough rain. Those corner areas that do not get irrigation absorb rain into the aquifer which can be drawn out latter. The aquifers are shrinking in areas with irrigation systems and this is a concern for farmers who are looking for ways to mitigate this issue. They know that if they don't solve the problem now in a few years they will be forced to take extreme measures. (some farmers already plant their irrigated fields one year out of 3) Relevant links that are probably more informative (or the current status quo, not this issue). Current court cases are the opposite of this. http://hlrecord.org/2015/02/pulled-over-for-copying-u-s-fede... From what I can tell this is consistent with current precedent already in case law. The law cannot be copyright Peter Veeck v. Southern Building Code Congress is the most closely relevant, but case law back to 1834 supports this. Note that the courts hold the law cannot be copyright. Thus I cannot publish the original code that the city used. I can only publish it terms of the building code for that city. I cannot publish, for example, the authors name because who wrote the original is not part of the law. Those wrote that write the code typically will have lots of engineering notes that are not part of the law, and these are valuable to people reading the code. That is what the code writers want. The court system currently holds differently though, so today you can legally copy the cities version for cost, and make further copies. The counter argument is this: It takes a lot of time to figure out what the code should be. Is a 1cm by 1cm board strong enough to hold up a building, what about a 60cm by 60 cm board? Obviously the first is not, while the second is way overkill and a waste of money (I haven't done any calculations on this so I might be wrong!). Someone needs to figure out the properties of building materials and the right margin of safety. That is generally engineers who want to eat so we have to pay them. Thus it costs a lot of money to write a good code. If you can copy their work for free nobody will do that work - you need to eat so you won't have time after your day job to check and recheck everything even if you wanted to. The problem is this: in a free copy world once someone pays for this work everyone else is free to copy it. So if Chicago pays for it, New York City is free to just copy Chicago's law and save all the money of paying someone to do this themselves. This is obviously unfair to Chicago who put a lot of money into it. (Chicago and New York might agree to share the costs, but there are a lot of small towns that will not) What code publishers want to do is privately put the money in to write a good code, get the cities to make it law, and then charge for copies. This business model works, and is fair: you buy the code if you want it (and $75 for the book it isn't that unreasonable a price to pay either if you need it). The city gets a copy in their library so if you don't want your own copy just read when city offices are open. It isn't a bad deal. (do not read the above as my approval of it, I'm just stating the argument) > Another question is...why do we need representatives at the city level? Can we not design a system to allow citizens to govern themselves? Like what? There are still some cities in the US that are a true democracy. What ends up happening is a bunch of old men show up once a week to make the laws (young and the women are not prohibited, but they rarely show up). The above is already bad enough, but it gets worse. If you want the city to do something you get a bunch of your friends to show up on the night that will be discussed. That night you dominate the meeting and your issue wins. The next week the old men have to figure out how to pay for it. A real city console at least has to balance the effects of a tax increase (they might lose their job next election) with the benefits of all their ideas. The only thing I know of that works is to have such a sparse population that you don't need a government. Of course you also don't have civilization. > At some point cars are so old and worn down that you're going to have to replace something every few months, and the maintenance costs explode – sure, you can completely refurbish the car, if you want to, but that's easily in the magnitude of a new car. I half agree. You are correct that cars will eventually wear out, but not in 150,000 miles. Most cars today can go over 300,000 miles with basic maintenance. The original post stated the car needed $3000 work of work, which seems reasonable. If he had put that money into the car that repair would be good for another 150,000 miles - before he does it again. Now we have to assume another $3,000 (number pulled out of me head, but it seems reasonable) in other maintenance alone the way. So for $6,000 more he could have a car with 300,000 miles on it. What did the new car cost? If we assume that he got the full $4,000 value on trade in (seems unlikely, but dealers often will not consider overdue maintenance in trade in value) plus the $3,000 he needed to pay, plus the $3,000 that the old car would need in maintenance, minus $1,000 for maintenance on the new car we can suggest that $10,000 comes off that price. Did he make a bad decision? You need to decide which of my numbers above are valid before you can answer it. It is quite likely that buying a used off-lease car with 30,000 miles on it and trading it in after 100,000 miles is probably the cheapest option in the current market. BTW, the dealer taking the trade-in above is not stupid. He isn't going to fix the car. He is going to ship it to Mexico, sell it for $4,200 with the note that it needs some work done. The buyer in Mexico has just saved up $4,500 for a car (this took a while) and he will do the work himself. (Even if he paid someone to do the work the cost would be much less than our $3,000 figure above) Two obvious things: Weight and balance is critical for airplanes. You can design the bricks, but you can't stick them together in any combination because a brick that will hold the tail wings for a 400 passenger plane is too heavy for a 100 passenger plane: the plane will not balance right and always be in nose up stall. Also, there are not enough airplanes made. Even if the bricks idea can work, we still wouldn't make enough to give it significant enough economics of scale. My kids (1 and 3) just love to help me exercise. "Bench press" the 1 year old while "kicking" my legs with the 3 year old hanging on. Be sure to turn them upside down and back. Be sure they "hit" each other. It is not a bad exercise and combines play time. I've found that a double jogging stroller is a great investment (look for them used), go for a walk, then the kid is tired they get in and then the walk can speed up. Sometimes the kids are asleep when I get back.