With XorShift as the PRNG, Rust is now almost on par with C and beating the DMD and GDC D implementations. If the syntax were stable, and the standard library and documentation improved, then we'd seriously consider it as an alternative to C++ for parts of our current project. I should have made it clearer; when I said "Lazy evaluation often tricked me up", I meant that I made the stupid mistake of thinking Haskell could somehow magically evaluate the shortest branch first via lazy evaluation. I.e. lazy evaluation tricked led me to make mistakes due to expecting too much from it, not because of any inherent fault in lazy evaluation. Excellent, that was just the kind of thing I was looking for, thank you. It would be great to this documented in the Rust Tutorial section on vectors. My apologies, I was in a hurry; I'll try to put more effort into presentation in future. Are there prominent guidelines for good-looking code in Rust? The most recent Haskell version uses the MWC PRNG rather than Mersenne, reaching 1.05s (53% the speed of C). That's a respectable number, especially for such an expressive language. I imagine if someone could adjust it to use XorShift it would run even faster. Is it possible to use LLVM? That generally compiles faster code for me than GCC, although that may be because my LLVM version is slightly newer. Although it wouldn't really be relevant for the level generation we're doing unless the memory usage was outrageous, I'm open to including memory usage in the table for comprehensiveness's sake. What would you say is the best way to measure ram usage on Linux; is there something as simple as 'time ./ThisExecutable' is for measuring time? Take the code here: https://github.com/logicchains/levgen-benchmarks/blob/master... and run it. Then, take the same code, change the genRooms function to contain: where noFit = genRooms (n-1) (restInts) rsDone tr = Room {rPos=(x,y), rw= w, rh= h} x = rem (U.unsafeHead randInts) levDim y = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 1) levDim restInts = U.unsafeDrop 4 randInts w = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 2) maxWid + minWid h = rem (U.unsafeIndex randInts 3) maxWid + minWid And change: let rands = U.unfoldrN 10000000 (Just . next) gen to: let rands = U.unfoldrN 20000000 (Just . next) gen The running time should double. Does it? Or does it increase by orders of magnitude? The latter is what happens to me. Thanks, I've included max resident memory statistics on the benchmark. The benchmark now includes maximum resident memory usage. Go does indeed perform quite well (at least with 6g), using around 30MiB, compared to around 25/26MiB for the non-garbage-collected languages. Scala is memory-heavy, as expected, and Rust seems to use a surprising amount of memory for some reason. I'd like to test it with the new Rust-coded runtime, especially if it's faster, but I won't have time to build it for a couple of days. I actually avoided building it earlier because I thought the new scheduler was slower and needed time to mature (I think I read that it doesn't yet swap tasks between threads, or something along those lines?), but I must have misread. True. I didn't actually realise the Nimrod implementation was garbage collected, I just assumed for some reason it managed memory in a hidden manual way like the C++ implementation. Note that garbage collection may not actually occur in this benchmark; for the single threaded benchmark at least, the Go runtime didn't make a single call to the GC, so D and Nimrod might be similar. It's done differently in Go because someone else wrote it, and I found it to be faster than the version I wrote using a worker pool of 4 tasks. If you look closely you'll see it doesn't actually ever run more than 4 goroutines simultaneously. Thanks, that makes it faster than Scala. No worries. A commenter here submitted a faster version, so it uses that now instead anyway. GCC outputs a jmp in the assembly for GenRands rather than a cmov. This involves branching, leading to branch misses, which waste time. I was using LLVM 3.2 because Rust and LLVM-D use that, so I thought it was fair. GCC 4.7 followed from this because I assumed it was of the same generation as LLVM 3.2, and that 4.8.1 was newer so less fair to compare to LLVM 3.2. Maybe a compiler bug? I'll post a question on Stack Overflow then when I have time. You're right that it probably makes for a better benchmark, and I tried to use recent versions for the other languages, I just didn't bother for C and C++ as I assumed they'd already be the fastest in class so there was no need to test on the latest compilers. Thanks! And sure, I'll put the compiler versions up sometime next week, along with the compile times. I tested it with the new runtime, but it only ran at around 87% of the speed of the original. I also needed to add a task::deschedule() call to make the scheduler behave. That simply isn't the case any more. The GCC and the LLVM can, for the majority of cases, write far faster assembly than the average assembly programmer. Naive C or C++ is faster than naive Go, but naive assembly is probable slower than even naive Go (the Go compiler produces optimised assembly, just not as well optimised as the assembly produced by C compilers). I would be interested to hear why they're "biased against using placebos because [they] consider it unethical". There is rigorous scientific support for the effectiveness of placebos in some situations, so by not supporting their uses they're effectively cutting patients off from a cheap, easy to produce treatment. Sure, lying isn't particularly ethical, but neither is denying a patient a valid treatment, so I wonder how they decided between the two. Statistically speaking, people have reasons to distrust the competence of doctors. From the article here http://online.wsj.com/article/SB1000142412788732342380457902... , for instance: "Both studies also found that about 25% of the time antibiotics were being prescribed for conditions in which they have no use, such as viral infections." Anybody who's studied even high school level microbiology (or spent a minute on the Wikipedia article on antibiotics) knows that antibiotics only work on bacteria, not viruses. I imagine it's hard for people to trust doctors when they make basic mistakes like that. Even the CDC ( http://www.cdc.gov/drugresistance/threat-report-2013/pdf/ar-... ) has stated that: "Up to half of antibiotic use in humans and much of antibiotic use in animals is unnecessary and inappropriate and makes everyone less safe". So if doctors can't even be trusted to not prescribe antibiotics as treatment for viral infections, why would people trust them regarding other more complex matters?