Nobody actually programs in the IR of a compiler, except for (say) tests and debugging. The IR is not usually designed to be read to by humans, although LLVM is actually very readable (But still rather tedious). If you looked at, just for an example, the IR used in the dmd d compiler, using (Walter Bright's) Digital Mars backend then you'd notice that the IR is not trivial to access at all. Last time I checked, you had to actually dive into the backend code (I'm pretty sure there's an undocumented flag/switch that I'm missing somewhere) to get the IR out of the compiler. In fairly sharp contrast to this, getting the IR (in a textual format!) is normally as simple as using -emit-llvm when compiling. This is part of the revolution (~Slight~ exaggeration) that LLVM brought about in compiler design: Compared to most other compilers, LLVM is designed to be very portable. The only compiler, of similar stature, like it is GCC. GCC is much better than it was, I'd imagine because of the competition from LLVM/Clang. Tangent Aside: The LLVM IR textual format is not guaranteed to be stable at all . It's also not particularly nice to program in, and also it uses SSA form so it's not suitable for humane consumption. It looks like a high level programming language, but it really isn't. IR is designed to be generated, bullied and discard by the compiler. If you want to punish yourself, the LLVM project does contain interpreters and compilers just for IR in a file. If I remember correctly, Clang will compile anything with a ?.ll? file as IR. You can see all the optimisation passes in action here: https://godbolt.org/g/uZH3UD GHC compiles haskell through about a million different IRs and abstract machines, until eventually reaching Cmm, which is effectively a similar idea to LLVM IR (A very simple C ish imperative language). Any benefits to be had, should be fairly straightforward for the GHC folks to use, which should be cool. [Citation needed] LLVM IR is an IR format, :). Basically LLVM is just a abstract RISC, whereas the JVM is a lot of that with a truck load of very high level instructions. One could implement these as a superset of LLVM, but that's not what LLVM is. You, mostly, can JIT LLVM IR and use it as a generic bytecode vm: but it's really designed for static copmilation. I wasn't trying to be critical, it's just significantly more than most languages (With good reason!). This is a good thing, I dream of when we will have libraries/frameworks for doing these kind of high level program transformations in a modular way a la LLVM. Likely never, LLVM IR uses SSA form. This means that optimisations are easier, but the "assembly" is significantly higher lever than assembly a la MIPS. IR is for doing optimisations not executing code (although LLVM does have interpreters if that's what ya need) Just for some more data, Swift is (Possibly still in the process of, but I don't follow swift so they could have finished years ago) moving to a higher level IR, for similar reasons to Rust and Haskell. In principle that could happen, but LLVM IR is really not designed for anything other than being transformed by LLVM. One could define an abstract risc machine, to be jitted at either side. LLVM is not quite suitable for this purpose: It assumes quite a few details about the target. Also, this requires a huge amount of co-operation. So far this has only happened in the browser with e.g. ECMAScript standardization, asm.js and WebAsm. The JVM tried to do this, but it's not a good compilation target for languages like C/C++. Therefore, I think will happen eventually: The web browsers will develop the tools and specifications to make this stuff, then it will get broken off and used outside of the web ( I hope , god forbid all software has to be distributed via the web using overlyHypedWebScale.js v2) :-). I think GCC has/had IR's that are LISP like. Regardless of your education, once you learn a set of technologies well enough it generally becomes easy to just start working on a problem. Also, I don't mean to be invidious but, programming languages are normally the easy part: Unless you jump from (say) VB.Net to Haskell most programming languages are actually fairly similar. In fact, programming languages are boring: Once you know a few, particularly if you know a bit about compilers (e.g. can work from the specification/grammar, Haskell made sense only after I'd read SPJ( possibly et al)'s, it becomes fairly easy to pick up a new programming language. However , software engineering is very important (e.g. Style, testing and optimisation, i.e. for the cache, are all very important skills that I'd assume most people learn by themselves. I'm 16, so I can't exactly speak from experience; I also don't have any data: My guess would be that because of the difficulty of getting into the top schools/Unis, they cream off the top students. These students then spend years honing their skills, however (assuming your observations are true) they get particularly good at the more rigorous/theoretical side of their science. Supposedly, that would help you focus on the stuff that matters(TM). In practice, I think that this is probably not true. I'd be fairly surprised (Or shocked) if MIT et al just spat out magically excellent engineers. I'd guess, that it just provides a nice foundation to learn on top of. You can tag a block @nogc, if you just need to avoid it for a specific part of your program. This can be done with the whole program, but quite a lot of the standard library requires the GC. I should point out that the GC has no problems that affect day to day usage, the stuff people complain about is when it's running for a while (it's conservative atm so it leaks). Does that mean that the backend can be rewritten in D at some point? Speaking of which, there could be a standard D intermediate language (Or is there one? I've never at the glue code in between the frontend and backend/s) I think D will hit some sort of critical mass soon, probably through the form of a corporate sponsor ( a la google and Go). Obviously, it's entirely possible that D will indeed fade away, but that would be a real shame. The way D is designed is very holistic: the combination of ranges, UFCS and CTFE (and modules) all made me really hate using C++. I've ended up being more productive (even with toys that I never touch again) in D than with that dynamically typed languages like python and js. D's garbage collector is both written in D and entirely optional, that alone should qualify it as a systems language. The gc can be disabled with @nogc, the command line flags are only if you want to disable it for the whole program or if you want warnings as to where the allocations happen. https://godbolt.org/g/IQ0O06 Compiler backends are another topic that can really extends one's knowledge of their hardware. You end up having to learn a least a bit of every layer underneath your code e.g. ISAs, Calling Conventions and scheduling. Productivity. D is a very pragmatic systems language. C++ interop is basically unparalleled, UFCS makes writing libraries less traumatic and CTFE is just plain useful. On top of this, the type system is both concurrency aware and has the best generics I've ever used (Subjective as it gets, but that's my experience). If you want safety guarantees just tag a scope as @safe. Also, static reflection works really well. Compiles(with DMD, ldc and gdc are still fast but are not as fast) are fast and D is not really comparable with Go (For example). D is much more complex (and I my opinion simpler to write through said complexity, but obviously opinions differ), whereas Go is supposed to be simple to learn and implement. There are smart pointer libaries, and also implementing ref counting is much more straightforward than in C++ because the type system knows whether data is being shared or not. I should add that the GC actually works perfectly fine for normal work, it justs not up to the competition (Partly because of having to work with traditional dynamic memory). Full closures, function literals, delegates... Basically everything you'd expect. Better design choices or better design? D compile times alone are an advantage. I should probably point out that D can actually do some (More than anyone else) C++ interop. Appel's Modern compiler implementation in ML is really good, as both an introduction to compilers and some detail on implementing the runtime i.e. garbage collection. There are versions for C and Java, but ML is much easier to read in a book. If you want a (slightly ugly) encyclopedia of compiler optimisations and IR designs, then Steven Muchnick's Advanced compiler design and implementation is great. Also, on the functional front SPJ's book ( https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/publication/the-imp... ) is really good. While unfinished, Write You a Haskell is also a really interesting read. Yeah. AFAIK The C version only exists because ML is too niche for mainstream publishing. ML actually works as decent pseudocode(Or at least easier to mentally transpile to other langauges, unlike e.g. Haskell) as well, so the C/Java versions are basically pointless. I think the idea of mixing between an interpreter to a Compiler (either or JIT) is a bit stupid. The only way to realistically be able to statically define an api boundary, then implement library-dependant static analysis inside the language. This is already possible with today's tools except that most languages can't guarantee compile time evaluation or provide enough static reflection. I'm assuming that by "scale the strictness", you don't mean optional lazyness? I found that, for someone with programming experience, the core LaTeX is quite easy to teach. I use it for all my school projects, and ShareLaTeX just works. I also managed to use it(Nothing Fancy) collaboratively with a friend of mine, with only ~5min introduction (Although I was sat next to him, so not quite the same as learning it alone). Questions: "Many optimisations that can really help high level managed languages like Kotlin simply don’t apply to C++": Which optimisations? "Larger code bloats downloads and uses more RAM, lowering cache utilisation". This depends on your definition of cache utilisation : The code gets compiled, regardless of whether it's AOT or JITed, therefore the cache gets used anyway?