Respectfully, what is the benefit to recording your notes and ideas on paper, and using paper at interviews, instead of using txt files in the dropbox folder of the always-connected smartphone in your pocket? The 'Pi itself is exciting, but more exciting will be seeing what everyone makes with them. I hope to read your posts about what you've built! Looking at the comments to their FAQ - http://www.raspberrypi.org/faqs#comment-3239 - reselling devices based on the Raspberry Pi is OK. Instead of just complaining about the problem, let's help ourselves to read it and support non-paywalling sources. http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-02-20/32-000-year-old-pla... Not sure about the average investor, but some people believe the Google Chef contributed to their early days. https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=3223595 I'm used to upgrading processors and other components every 2 years or so. The nature of the physical device space we're entering means now we have to replace the screen and plastic case every 2 years as well. And the app can pop up on the Amazon market or other markets, not to mention that you can download and install .apk files directly to your Android. The apk you are looking for is One Bus Away. It does this for Seattle only. When I heard Reddit planning to build a low-orbit network, I realized they were going to build the "outernet". This is another stab in the same direction, and I would be surprised if the 2 forces didn't join. This airborne/orbital network, combined with the "innernet" TOR, will allow for the future of the unregulated internet. The original internet will become the walled garden that half of humanity wants to live within. Those of us in the other half will have our free innernet and outernet. HTC is adding the Beats DSP, Dropbox integration, a streaming music service, and LogMeIn remote phone access to Sense. I'm not a professional chef, I'm a sysadmin. Cooking isn't part of my job description. I don't want to be forced to eat food prepared by people who don't have food handlers' cards, and I don't want my coworkers to feel hurt because I don't want to eat what they cooked and left in their car. Want to improve morale and do teambuilding? Get a cater, or go somewhere for lunch. Are you proposing TPB creates an Android app to host their magnet links, from a phone attached to a Romotive, broadcasting wifi, powered by several means (induction, solar, etc)? The biggest issue I see is random hackers ordering a taco then putting a "TPB Transponder[1]" on several of these. The tacocopter then does double duty as an airborne server. [1] Theoretical easy-to-deploy Android or Raspberry Pi-sized wifi-broadcasting device, to broadcast TPB magnet links. "in fact, if someone else DOES stumble on it by accident, it should be considered de facto evidence that the patent isn't novel." You have industry support for this idea: “The idea that I can be presented with a problem, set out to logically solve it with the tools at hand, and wind up with a program that could not be legally used because someone else followed the same logical steps some years ago and filed for a patent on it is horrifying.” ― John Carmack I went paperless in college a few years ago. The most difficult part was transitioning - scanning mountains of documents and several books takes hours and days, even with a fast PC and very good scanner. College was an uphill battle to remain paperless, as classes bombard one with paper schoolwork, documentation, handouts, notes, etc. Since you aren't looking to completely remove paper from your life, it should be a much easier transition. You would rather nag and hassle your forgetful friends to pay you back, instead of sending them a little message with an easy-to-pay link? The window for Desktop Linux has closed. The age of the desktop is ending; smartphones and tablets satisfy the computing needs of many people, and more app markets and low-cost devices will only increase this. Non-paywalled article: http://mobile.seattletimes.com/story/today/2017878041 This sounds like typical business and economics in action. One company is selling a comparable product for less than their competitor. What's the story here? Piracy addicts are less likely to steal physical items which can be fenced to feed their piracy addiction. I was going to make this exact post. I realized that: 1. a lot of this is handled by APIs 2. we still have to deal with hardware issues, such as having the correct video driver and a correctly configured OS to play non-casual videogames. Some programs refuse to work with certain hardware, like Dungeon Master 2 not running with Creative sound cards. A troll or something near Mount Rainier: http://maps.google.com/maps?q=47.04299,-122.051239&hl=en... In the US, each state hosts its own lottery program. Mega Millions and Powerball are programs where states have teamed up to pool their resources and gambling markets. I've sold Washington State's "lotto" tickets, and you're entirely correct about the reliability of the system - if the device can't connect to servers in Olympia, tickets can't be sold. CCTV is up to the retailers here, though it's entirely possible that CCTV is a requirement to be an eligible lottery vendor. Who decides what religion is? Who decides what speech is? Who decides who the press are? Who determines peaceful assembly vs riotous mob behavior? Who determines the processes by which we can petition our government and the process' effectiveness? At best, these are all still grey areas we've been trying to nail down since before these words were written. Will he fight the conversion of ingame currency to real-world currency, or will he take the Second Life route? So exciting! Will players have to maintain multiple accounts just to remain competitive, as in EVE? Someone will have to make and sell a 16-bit "minesweeper" to play while mining. What will the first computer virus do? Will there be "actual" viruses? Can we convince Notch to let our characters get Space Flu? Can it please be "EVE-craft"? If it were just "Minecraft in space" on the EVE scope? Go mine iron to craft parts for your spaceship!