It also assumes all bots are intending malice. Some advertisers automatically trigger videos on sites so they can review/categorize the content (see if it's porn). They do that with the intent of making ad purchases, so it's actually desirable bot traffic. But then you'd be able to reduce things down to a relatively short writing curriculum. Many university courses involve writing, but they are not primarily designed to improve students writing. Some universities force students who are behind in writing to take courses to catch up before they can even enroll in the normal liberal arts classes. You have to be decent at writing before they'll even let you read Foucalt. Things seem extremely nice in go when you start out in go and see "go get", but then you'll quickly ram into not wanting the latest master, and then get extremely puzzled about how to do library dependencies. I wish I saw some sort of consensus on library dependencies in that thread. Too much of our work build relies on setup scripts. I have to disagree with the definition: "A recommendation engine is a feature (not a product) that filters items by predicting how a user might rate them." The feature bit is correct, but the rating bit might not be. People very often give high ratings to things they are not interested in. People may highly rate jewelry that they cannot afford, or give a five star rating to a movies considered classics, that they don't actually want to view. What you are trying to optimize is ultimately purchasing, continued subscription, ad views, or some other profit metric. That can be hard to directly measure, so something like ratings can be a stand in, but you may accidentally optimize for something deeply undesirable like recommending expensive jewelry to everyone that they will never buy. Business owners would love if there were some exam which accurately informed them about who to hire, and there has been no shortage of attempts to create such a thing. The problem is, most of the characteristics needed seem to be things we don't understand, or don't know how to quantify. Greatly complicating things is the fact that you often don't need to know anything in particular to succeed. There is no shortage of people who learned on the job and became successful. Filtering out such people with an exam may badly damage your hiring. It's clearly not true that female lead characters don't exist. What seems to be the issue for this girl is that they don't exist in games she actually wants to play. I'd note that she complains about games where the protagonist has no identifiable gender, or is an animal. That's often done quite intentionally to dodge try to dodge this problem. Our coworkers suffer, but so do the people I know who work in completely different industries. I have no idea how the tech industry compares to other industries in terms of treatment of women. What I can say for certain is that we do not have the amazing complaints of cocaine fueled parties filled with hookers that seem to regularly emerge from the world of finance. I'd be curious if the content of these posts is genuinely worse than the things they say to each other with boring old human speech. Just because the awful-ness isn't normally shouted into a megaphone, doesn't mean it's not there. My high school shortened the lunch break because of how horrible the girls were being to each-other when they had free time. Not effective of course. Reputable + April Fools joke = ? While I'm sure there is some truth to this, you do run into the problem that people don't want to admit the mundane reasons they do things sometimes. People join armies all the time because they need a job, but if you ask I'm sure many of them will tell you it's due to a more personal reason or nationalistic pride. That's not confined to the military of course. It seems almost rude to admit you do your job to get a pay check in many occupations. Interacting with a compiler sounds horrible. Think of the questions it might need to ask: "Hey! I could use AVX2 instructions here, after I inline a bunch of stuff and eliminate some dead code, but it requires doing a bunch of memory copying. Is that a good idea?". How would you answer a question like that? And then, since optimizations are target dependent, you would need to go through this exercise for each target. Sounds fun. But consider, for it to be worth asking, it's got to be something that's very difficult to infer, or the compiler wouldn't need to ask. That means it will probably be difficult for you to infer as well. In practice, you might have to profile all possible options, which would quickly turn into a major project if you're asked more than a handful of questions. And, of course, even if you can figure it out, that alignment annotation you just made is only optimal on the one target. Even on x86 it will depend on what instructions are available. This seems to make the false premise that you need computers to make decisions algorithmicly. If someone writes out a set of hard rules as to who can apply for a welfare program, the result will be the same if a human or machine makes the determination. Long before computers existed, people complained about "rigid bureaucracy", which is effectively a complaint that government or business employees stuck to a process (an algorithm) that had some problems. Github users are tied to social interaction, job hiring, integration with multiple version control systems, and a pile of other crap, including systems not part of the website itself. Hacker News users are pretty much just tied to posts and comments on the site. The only piece of data that seems in common is that they both have user names. There is no reason user data should be similar across different systems. Products are generally unique, or they don't have much value. That means the data tied to a user is often also unique. Porting unix applications that used select/poll/epoll in a performant way was a common enough problem that they added WSAPoll to make things easier: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/wndp/archive/2006/10/26/wsapoll.aspx The biggest abstraction headache is usually nonblocking file IO and DNS lookups, as many OSes don't have any support. You have to have a thread pool fallback. Imagine you're the kernel, and you get notified that some new data is available on a connection. The basic operations you have to do are: 1) Figure out the associated file descriptor (hashmap lookup perhaps) 2) Copy the new data to the socket's buffer 3) Wake up any threads waiting to read from the socket, or polling with a read interest Obviously, that ignores a lot of protocol work, but that's the general idea. There isn't any need to loop over all of the open sockets. You're just describing behaviors that seem strange or unusual and then asserting that they are somehow not computation. It doesn't matter what happens inside the brain. If it's governed by normal physics (no divine magic), there will be some computer program equivalent to it. We know that's true, even though we don't know how the brain works. Actually, the internet is dominated by binary. The wire formats are binary, and a huge hunk of all bandwidth is being eaten up by binary formats: video, bittorrent, voice, JPG images, etc. Sure, HTML, CSS and JS are "text", but it's usually optimized, compressed text, and pretty soon we'll be shipping that around in HTTP2. People optimize what matters. Look at the HTML source for this page. It's mostly user content. More efficient packaging for the HTML structure wouldn't make a measurable difference in load time. Companies are often eating the cost of training employees without admitting to it. Pick some company at random, look around, and there will often be piles of people who have no official training or certifications to speak of, and no relevant degree, but who are perfectly competent at their jobs. Somehow, magic happened, and they were trained, despite no training money in the budget. A lot of it is just done semi-officially. The boss points at some guy he trusts and tells him to fill them in, and lower productivity is accepted for some period. Taxi driver feels abused by having to work 7 days a week for taxi service to make ends meet. Switches to Uber and describes it as "more of the same". Hard to see how Uber ruined everything if it was apparently already ruined. I was also confused by that until I changed my perspective. Watch the marker inside the circle. It starts pointing left. Half way around the inner coin it's pointing left again. At the end it's pointing left once more. That requires two rotations. The curve its graphing confuses things. This is probably not a correctable problem. People don't start businesses if they think the competition is highly competitive and intelligent. They start a business of they perceive a weakness in the market, or believe they have a unique capacity to succeed. Probably stating the obvious here, but the reason they stopped the practice was because people did such studies. If bloodletting worked on any common injuries or illnesses, we'd still be using it for those cases. Even then, we'd probably have tried to find medication that produced the same benefit to try to avoid the infection risks. The usual problem with this kind of thing is actually events. The modifications may, or may not, add elements that need listeners attached to them. It looks like as this is now, after any update you'd have to query all such elements and see if they need a listener attached. React has its own "Event System" to try to deal with that issue. Sort of. You'd have to listen at the top level of wherever you're using this, so you'll have to write your own mini event library to figure out which component got clicked on, and grab any associated data.