From what I've seen, casual (iPhone, Facebook) game companies are far more open to hiring general programming talent than the mainstream. (Which, IMO, can only be a good thing for the industry.) JavaScript will never support threads in the usual sense, as long as /be has his say: http://weblogs.mozillazine.org/roadmap/archives/2007/02/thre... So JS won't need fine-grained locking in the foreseeable future. Flusspferd ( http://flusspferd.org/ ) has GMP bindings, and there's no reason that node.js (for example) couldn't be hooked up to GMP as well. Facebook has some very interesting open source projects: http://github.com/facebook Particularly interesting to me is their static analysis tool for PHP written in OCaml. This is one of the main goals of Narcissus and Zaphod, actually, since it's much easier to hack Narcissus than SpiderMonkey. We're working on integrating Harmony proposals into Narcissus. That directory is out of date. (I'm not sure why it hasn't been removed yet.) The new project page is here: https://github.com/mozilla/narcissus We moved it to GitHub to make it easier for people to submit pull requests and the like. What in particular about the UX of the latest beta do you find slow? We should fix it. (1) Sync is now on asynchronous APIs as of the latest beta (or maybe the next one). You can disable Sync in the Preferences window, and you can choose to only sync bookmarks if you'd like. (2) Places (the bookmarks database) is now on asynchronous APIs, which means that, unless you're using esoteric features of bookmarks, they never block the UI thread. SQLite is also now in WAL mode. Smart folders are still slow as I understand it, and there's a plan to revamp and/or remove them. (3) Bookmarks and history have been treated the same way since Firefox 3 (Places). There is talk of revamping and/or removing Live Bookmarks as well. (4) Tab Groups is now secondary UI (the icon is gone by default). It is never loaded until you open it. (5) The status bar is no longer in the address bar. Do you have steps to reproduce the huge RAM consumption by any chance (which sites do you have open, which OS)? I'm very interested in solving these kinds of performance issues in the product. And for the record, I wish Paul Rouget hadn't posted this. IE9 is a great browser - they do some things better than us, even (text-overflow, SVG acceleration via D2D, out-of-process tabs), and we should recognize this. I agree. In fact, I gathered all the patches that have been floating around to do just that into a repo today: http://hg.mozilla.org/users/pwalton_mozilla.com/oop-tabs/ There is a lot (and by that I mean a lot - like, really basic stuff like focus) that doesn't work still, but the core of a multi-process Firefox is standing up already. If these issues still happen in Firefox 4, I would be very happy to debug them if you can reproduce. Rust :) Compiled, concurrent, and memory-safe, with no global GC. (Full disclosure: I work on Rust.) Sorta. There were actually three Skywriters: Bespin prototype (Thunderhead-based), Bespin Reboot (SproutCore/jQuery-based), and ACE. ACE postdates the rename from Bespin to Skywriter. They originated as three completely separate codebases, although there's been a fair amount of cross-pollination. ACE didn't begin as a Mozilla project, although it was finally chosen as the basis on which to build Skywriter the product (which will be used for the Firefox Add-ons Builder, in particular). A colleague of mine wrote a true coroutine library for JavaScript: https://github.com/dherman/jstask It depends on generators, so it works only in Firefox, but it's a cool hack nonetheless, and might be useful if you're developing Firefox addons. Yeah, I'm disappointed that our fix for the latter [1] didn't end up landing in time for Firefox 4. I'm hoping to release it as an add-on, and it has a very good chance of making it for the next release 3 months down the road. [1]: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=465086 Exactly. MySpace has shown that these kinds of moves can be fatal to a social network with low switching costs for users, even in the presence of network effects. Twitter's strength is not technology; from a technical standpoint, duplicating Twitter is trivial. Twitter's strength is its community, and they erode that at their own peril. Note that my colleague Dave Herman (on the TC39 committee; i.e. the JavaScript standards committee) is working on an official modules proposal for the next version of JavaScript, code-named Harmony. See here for examples: http://wiki.ecmascript.org/doku.php?id=strawman:simple_modul... Rust developer here. In Rust, the semicolon is the expression sequencing operator (like in ML), not a statement terminator. "a;b" means "evaluate a, throw away the result, and return the result of evaluating b". So the semicolon is more than just boilerplate. I guess we could do some sort of automatic semicolon insertion like JavaScript, but I'm not sure that the benefits outweigh the complexity. I think you could write a kernel in Rust (though you'd need to add unsafe pointers, direct calls, and possibly other stuff to the language), it's just not a goal of the project. There's no reason why I wouldn't accept patches to the language that would help in that effort as long as they didn't wildly conflict with the main goals of the project. Yeah, rustboot's pretty printer leaves something to be desired. We have a much better pretty printer in rustc (see src/comp/pretty/). Mozilla developer here - If you have steps to reproduce, I'd love to hear them and I'll get them forwarded to the proper people. That would indeed be a bug. Filed: https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=647479 Breaking down memory usage by add-on is very difficult. Objects in Firefox's heap don't track the ownership of the module that created them. This should be fixed to some extent by out-of-process Jetpacks. As always, if you have steps to reproduce we would love to hear them. Startup time is still the #1 performance metric we optimize for. There is work underway to make the new extension system (Jetpack) load extensions out-of-process. This will make it easy to see how much memory each extension is using. Unfortunately, add-ons built using the traditional system will still be in-process. Most of them depend on being able to synchronously dive into the page or browser DOM and mess with it, which makes accounting hard. The 32-bit Windows graphics thing sounds like a bug. Setting max-concurrent-tabs in about:config to 0 may help.