Taxes (excluding incentives / disincentives to do things as the collective (government) feels benefits society) should take a single exponential curve, a few min gives me this as a starting point: Taxes = PreTaxIncome * (1-(Ratio^((PreTaxIncome - BasicIncome) / BasicIncome))) * subtract basic living income from total * an otherwise equally applied curve where you /always/ take home more for making more (irrespective of how you made it) BUT the more you make the higher the percentage becomes tax. You're taking home disproportionately more of a society therefore your obligations to the society that allows you to make that much are also larger. If you're waiting for some background task and want to experiment use a spreadsheet program and the following: B1 = Ratio A2 = MinimumIncome A3+ = HigherIncomes B2+ = =(1-POWER($B$1,(A2-$A$2)/$A$2))*A2 C2+ = =B2/A2 D2+ = =(A2-B2)/$A$2 I'm not super happy about this particular curve as it's been too long since taking math courses for me to remember how to build in controls that make it easier to shape based on more meaningful numbers. Welcome to the incarceration nation. After the recent posts about RISC-V I'm more interested in that architecture. LowRISC: Open-source RISC-V SoC (9 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8137521 RISC-V: An Open Standard for SoCs (7 days ago) https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8149658 Sort of. You can invite others to a calendar event. However it doesn't inter-operate well with the MS Exchange monoculture, largely because Microsoft, like with filesystems, hasn't yet met a competing standard that they would be willing to support natively. (Example, just look at the horrid IMAP support in practically every version of Outlook. I /think/ Outlook 2010 is the closest so far and it's still got tiny hiccups.) The left most lane (excluding HOV lanes) is for /passing/. Unless you are passing you should NOT be in this lane. Remaining in this lane, even doing the speed limit, while someone is behind you clearly wanting to go faster (that's their problem, not your's) is failure to yield. It would only be possible if a limit were enforced on all non-primary namespaces. However something that has been /possible/ for a while (but not in practice done) would be to elevate root process priority over other processes. Probably not done due to daemons needing to run as root (which is decreasing as they're able to drop privileges these days). With incentives like /that/ I too would buy a Tesla. Eliminate things from the list that are payment at service time (fast food, transit, stores, etc). Even cable, America's biggest luxury addiction, has some trouble obtaining payment. However what I'd like to see far more is a systemic solution. Instead of permatemps, part time workers, new hire probation (sort of), or even wellfare, 'unemployment' should mean more like a new deal program. There will be something for all workers to do, preferably in/near their training. If there is not, based on aptitude, retraining will be subsidized while more generic work is scheduled around the training. All initial hires/temps/etc will be paid for at full pro-rated cost (but less inherent risk/mutual solidity) by companies in question. The government will also pass on only a discounted rate of payment (but full benefits otherwise) to encourage the worker to land a job outside of the support system. My standard library does not contain any such rule. I therefore consider such a rule to not be common sense/knowledge. Please /define/ what you consider the 'standard' rule to be. Offhand, yes there are situations that I realize qualify as such (usually the gold digger style scenarios), however I have never heard of an actual logically applicable /rule/ to quantify that emotional sentiment. I'm not sure which country has it, but I'll generalize some criteria: * Able to make rational decisions for one's self. * Successful co-operation with already existing 'adults'. * Able to produce surplus survival resources to enable successful raising of offspring. By the above requirements I would suspect that if you removed an automatic assumption of truth based on chronological age, that a majority of American 'adults' would fail at lease one item on the above list. In some cases it really isn't their fault, but a fault of society failing to correct it's own conditions. It would probably be faster to directly 'hack' a raw IEEE 754 floating number: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IEEE_754-1985 The helpful Examples section already contains the numbers 0 and 1. Let us assume that the output is supposed to be between 0 and 1; it seems that 0 should be inclusive and 1 exclusive for the most balanced 'quick' output. Those two numbers have the leading binary format: 0 (8 or 11 bits exponent) (23 or 52 bits fraction) For either 32 or 64 bit floats. Thus for a float (32 bit): 0 0 (7 bits) (23 bits) 30 bits of randomness are necessary, HOWEVER 0 01111111 is already one when the fraction is all 0s. The easiest solution I can see is to evenly drop some precision: A reference for the casting procedure: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fast_inverse_square_root#Overvi... Pseudo: uint32 randomNumber; ... set the random somehow, maybe rand() maybe /dev/urandom etc ... randomNumber &= 0x3F7FFFFF; return * (float *) &randomNumber; Now that you mention it, that would also be an issue for the technique you describe; specifiable to the rounding characteristics for truncated numbers. It's probably a better design idea to have a predictable sequence of float (like, application dependent) results and randomly select from within said sequence. In what way is this keeping the peace or beneficial to the public? Actions like the above are why many citizens do not respect the laws and those who apply them; because they are not acting in a fittingly honorable manor. So they have to become the Rats of NIMH for the experiment to be a success? Let us hope we never unintentionally go that far with an experiment. I would not want to create a cursed form of sentient life; if it is to be done it should be done to increase diversity and resistance to intelligence ending disasters. The current assumption should be that they are always targeted. This has always been the case, even before Snowden or any other events. It could also be that participating in the study addresses sources of depression by giving the subject a way that they are 'helping out' society, or are 'cared about' etc. There are probably many factors to depression which may include chemical or structural causes; however the human brain is a complex self adapting analog computer. It would be foolish to think that such a system can be reduced a single or even simple set of controlled variables. Your vanity is probably specked for something similar to 30 or 40 watt bulbs. You could replace with half as many bulbs (leaving old dead bulbs in place or using some other socket filler) that produce equivalent light to reduce the costs. Pick a 'usb stick' distro of choice (my choice is usually sysrescuecd) and boot that image off of media or virtual media if you have one of those remotely managed systems. Though it sure would be nice if said systems could pull the image off of a mirror local to the DC. Alternatively, build a similar rescue option in to your boot menu; if that's broken you've got no choice anyway. Translating idiot: they implicitly meant 'in the rest of the world' instead of 'the world' (probably wrote it that way to begin with actually... and someone else probably 'made it shorter'). I've often heard the phrase 'English borrowed' in relation to words obtained from other languages. English needs to /steal/ and should have stolen in all such cases. Sure, take how the thing is said and even the meaning, but strictly adhere to a single simple set of rules without exceptions for encoding that verbal language to written form and for decoding it back to speech. I refuse to participate in these wastes of my time (I have far more entertaining things to waste my time with). I do, however, make every effort to exercise my right to vote so that I earn the privilege of 'complaining' about results I dislike (what I voted for didn't win, what I voted for sold us out, the thing I wanted to vote for wasn't an option because of gerrymandering (which is what any form of distracting is)). Remembering that there's no possible way we could know how many years away a thing is; the numbers are clearly a guesstimate. They're more of a rounded (hence the clustering at or away from given numbers) measure of the remaining 'effort' versus 'difficulty'. Very likely there is some absolute time required (experiments take time to run), but throwing more people (and more importantly, more resources to run experiments and gather data) at the problem /would/ get to an end result faster (though how much faster is open to debate; it's sort of like asking how much effort does it take to win a top 30th percentile prize from a lottery). Do you use other data to correlate locations that might have different offsets at different times? (EG; slightly pressurized buildings with forced air circulation or vehicles in motion?) Or are such offsets too minuscule to notice? Duplication is a form of forward error correction. You would be amazed what various broken tools can produce for filenames.