I'd agree with you, if we were talking about something that is even slightly complicated. But it's not. Searching with the old-school Google syntax is asking the question "what documents contain these words X Y Z?". It's not that hard, in fact very easy, to wrap your head around that. It's easier than looking up a phonenumber in the phonebook, or a business in the Yellow Pages. It's even easier than using the term index in the back of a book. While asking a question might be easier than that still, it also has disadvantages. It's impossible to ask an exact question on a very specific subject. Try it in real life. You'll find you need context, or at least a series of back and forth questions to arrive at the answer you want to have. If a search engine would implement the same method, any advantage from using questions over a conjunction of terms is negated. People would get tired of typing long question phrases, and unless the natural language processing of the search engine is absolutely perfect, they'd get pretty frustrated quickly because the search engine would interpret some of the questions wrongly. For simple queries like "where can i find a recipe for blueberry pie?" or "what is the capital of Denmark?", we already have seen search engines can do this pretty well. For anything more complicated, they fail sometimes, if not most of the time. It's not that hard for people to search "recipe blueberry pie" or "capital Denmark" as you think, either. People can get used to barking commands like this quite easily. Look at Star Trek ("earl grey, hot") or many other scifi series featuring a semi-intelligent computer. People almost expect it to communicate in terse phrases like that. The big advantage, also for the layman, is that a conjunctive term query will nearly always yield the result they were expecting, because it doesn't leave much room for ambiguity. And if it does, it's when query terms hit a range of documents that weren't intended, but still match, again I refer to scifi, as well as fantasy, it may be frustrating, but it's also somewhat endearing (putting the user in a position of superiority) in the sense of an intelligent robot taking a request too literally. Or a genie in a bottle. Or an ET alien. Or commander Data. Or whatever. On the other hand, if the computer interprets a full question in the wrong way, people get more annoyed, because the "too literal" explanation doesn't work here, after all, you typed a complete sentence, it should be obvious what you meant, right? So instead, people get the idea that the computer is simply not listening. And that makes it a lot harder to come up with a "better" question that would give them the answer they need. Now, of course, as soon as search engines are able to do perfect language processing, as well as guessing a whole lot of additional clues from whatever bits of context they can get, typing questions into a search engine might be the better and easiest way. But natural language processing isn't really going there any time soon. Just look at the search engines that try this, how well they are doing now compared to how well they were doing 5 years ago, and there's not much progress made. On the other hand, in the area of text-query processing, organising of data, cataloguing data, we have made tons and tons of progress. There's tagging, social network friends recommendation, and vastly superior methods of indexing large amounts of text documents for logical queries. > In search engines, it's more valuable for your users to not have to learn how your algorithm works in order to craft a search query that will satisfy their needs. Well, yes. But in this case it's not an algorithm. You just ask it for documents containing your search terms. It's about as straightforward as it gets. It's not computer programming, it's not even doing long divisions or whatever. You can't seriously assume that method of searching is going to completely stump anyone. > It's valuable to be able to use natural language to search. Maybe you're forgetting here that not the entire world speaks English. Unless your natural language search engine is able to understand nearly every language in the world, you're still forcing the users to formulate a query in English. And I'm willing to argue that for, say, your average middle-aged German, formulating a query in English is going to pose a much bigger problem than doing a conjunctive term search, as the latter carries transparently to most languages in the world. (not all of them--I should check which ones btw--but even in those cases it's not nearly as difficult to find a fix for that than it would be to somehow port your brilliant semantic context analysis engine to be able to speak yet another completely different language). Give it a couple of decades, maybe we'll have usable NLP then, but before that time, I am convinced that even for the layman, searching for documents to contain certain terms is a lot more straightforward, likely to yield desired results and in quite a few ways actually easier to use than what has to pass for NLP currently. > BitTorrent is to movies what "bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles" ummmmmm ... how does this analogy work? Bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles , a tool that facilitates and simplifies an activity. So the analogy goes, BitTorrent facilitates and simplifies movies . I think they left out a verb and meant to say " BitTorrent is to watching movies what bolt-cutters are to stealing bicycles". I dig--if you're going to use an informal expression and risk being completely dated within half a decade, why not pre-empt the retro wave with WHY ELSE IS THIS GROOVY? > the time taken to compute the additional hash functions outweighs any gains in performance. Sounds like you're using the wrong hash functions. Are you using secure cryptographic hash functions perchance? (such as MD5, SHA, etc) Because they're not intended for use in data structures. Most data structure algorithms just require a hash function with good avalanche behaviour and a statistically even bit dispersion. The FNV hash will do this for you with just a MUL and a XOR per byte, which is (rough guess) at least 100 times faster than SHA. FNV hash ( http://www.isthe.com/chongo/tech/comp/fnv/ ) it's super-effective! I don't understand. What's the point of it? You need a laser to make it work, so what's the gin got to do with it? Aren't they just making a laser out of another laser, while having a beverage at the side? Is this article a joke or something, it's not April fools yet? If it's not a joke, it's one of the most meh articles on something that could potentially be interesting. The title is misleading--it's neither DIY nor a "How to". If it was really DIY, they would have had a couple of pictures of what the final set-up looks like. My guess is that they did not do it themselves. So the entire article is bullshit. They have nothing to say about the subject. Maybe it's possible to build a Gin-n-Tonic laser, I don't know anything about the subject, but this link fails to tell me anything, except how not to write an article about it. > You can choose to l33tify different combinations of letters in the password. passw0rd may be in the dictionary, but is p4ssword, or pa$$word? yes they are. well, actually, password cracking software (most used is Jack the Ripper) comes with a bunch of commandline tools that allow you to do substitutions and common variations to your password lists. generally, when trying to crack a specific target, you start with a few "seed" password lists (common passwords, but also lists of target-specific jargon), and then apply the transformation tools on those to expand your lists. say you'd want to crack accounts at an aviator forum, you'd include a list of airplane types and aviation jargon. then you'd apply the transformation tools, and you'll end up with boeing Boeing b0eing Bo3!ng, etc. check this guy's blog, he writes about how it's (usually) done: http://www.skullsecurity.org/blog/2010/the-ultimate-faceoff-... (analysis of leaked password lists) http://www.skullsecurity.org/blog/?s=ripper (describes Jack the Ripper in these articles) oooh, I especially like the cicada thing (aka multiple backgrounds with co-prime dimensions). Lots of interesting possibilities there. I have an idea, but I'm not sure if it would be a security risk. Let the user pick a username to go with the ID provider. When you fill in the username, it'll look up (AJAX) which provider was used and offer/highlight that one? The question is, is it a security risk if anyone can type in any username to find out which ID provider it is used with? Thanks for that link, it's exactly what I have been (not very actively) looking for (in the back of my mind) for quite a while now :) That data-retention law is for the entire European Union. 6 months is the EU minimum, but for some reason the Netherlands decided to require triple that. I bet some idiot politician thought it must be "extra secure" ... :-/ buggy as fuck in Opera. A friend of mine is in this list. And he didn't download anything. (I know for sure because he's a vocal proponent of copyrights) Beautiful! I especially love the bits near the end, where they apply it to oldskool Windows 3.1 icons :D Well, in the paper they do describe some heuristics for separating figure and ground. Additionally, a lot of old videogame machines have special built-in routines to place sprites over a background. So if you'd apply the vectorizing algorithm separately for the sprite drawing routine--by not just processing the entire screen after it's rendered, but doing the elements separately--you'd at least not run into the problem that lines from foreground sprites meld with background details. Great point. I noticed the same thing. First you get your Google Apps account, and then the passwords for the other accounts are mailed to there, then two weeks later you find that one of the systems has been replaced in favour of another one. Indeed tedious and error-prone. And that's just from the employee's point of view, the administrator having to create all these different accounts is probably even less happy about it. Asking "how people many have ever X or Y happen to them?" is downplaying the actual risk when obviously the risk has been increasing in the past year, half-year or so. Yes, if you look at the risk of a US government raid on servers, domains, or what-have-you in the past 5-10 years , you can fairly compare it to a meteor strike or a "freak incident". But things are changing, incidents and "collateral" are increasing, and if you look at just the past half year, you'll find it's gone from a meteor-strike level probability to a very small but definitely not dismissable chance. I just happened to wonder yesterday whether there actually was any scientific data on whether the golden ratio is actually significantly more pleasing than other ratios. Turns out there isn't much data, and of what there is, it doesn't always point at a significant preference for certain ratios. And even where it does, and then where it actually points near the golden ratio, it's inconclusive whether people prefer 1.5, 1.618 or 1.666. But yeah they do turn up in nature over and over again. The "aesthetically pleasing" bit is just something that's been repeated for centuries, swallowed without thinking. So if there actually were a preference, that sounds like a good explanation. Doesn't really mean it works the other way around, though. also see: http://plus.maths.org/content/os/issue22/features/golden/ind... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Busybox "You need to fill in an earlier year here, otherwise Google's computer will think you're too young to use GMail [and might throw away your email at some point]" It's important to be clear that you're lying to a computer system, not another human being. Because God is a crazy woman and his name is Eris. > if all you're doing is basic event handling and you know how the DOM works for other things, it really isn't much trouble to include this and a couple other small functions in a one-off, and is far preferable to including a hefty all-purpose DOM abstraction library like jQuery or MooTools. Why is that far preferable? So you can throw out all that extra code as soon as your events have to actually do something, and you decide you do need jQuery? :) To be honest, I do the same thing. It starts off as a small project one-off, and I think nah I don't have to include jQuery for something small if I just code these tiny DOM helper functions. And there hasn't been a single time, when after an hour or so of coding, I didn't wish I had started out using jQuery right away :) But sometimes then it's already too far, easier to just kludge along and finish the task than include jQuery and rewrite all the code so far to use it. So how's this preferable again? Well, reading the actual explanation page by the author of libupskirt, it's obvious she's not upset by being tricked into using that name, but she's upset because of the reactions of other people to that name. She's quite clear she "did know the sexual and voyeurism connotations of the word “upskirt”", but she was caught completely surprised by the shitstorm created by people that felt offended by it. So if you're looking for blame, blame the white knights on their high horses of political correctness, for giving somebody so much shit over what could have been just a childish joke [like there are many others, as pointed out ITT], that she just wanted to quit and have nothing to do with the entire shitbasket anymore. Just read it. Even after knowing exactly what it meant, her horror is at the reaction of the angry PC mob, that is making this word out to be much worse than the harmless innuendo she intended it to be. This woman is clearly intimidated, so much she's making blanket apologies left and right and just wants this to be over. But ask yourselves, who's she intimidated by? > Does conversion mean I sold something? Yes, in the context of cold-calling, that's exactly what it means. Generally, it means achieving your goal. And while in 100% of your phonecalls you are well on your way of getting to that goal, your goal is getting them to pay for your services, not allowing you to give them another sales-pitch (which is what you achieved). hee skrebbel! :D see this http://img846.imageshack.us/img846/7413/2008usincomedistribu... I had to massage a whole bunch of numbers from bls.gov to get this histogram (huge list of annual income per county per occupation group), it's not exactly the kind of data they like to publish :) Of course this is 2008, mostly before the recession. Would be interesting to see if they got new data and how it changed. And this is for all occupation groups, computer programmers are of course on the higher end of this graph. And yeah, depending on where you are in the US, things you'd expect to be cheap in the supermarkets here generally tend to be a bit more expensive. Also because they always list the prices excluding VAT [in most states]. If they list the prices correctly, or at all. And actually charge you the same amount at the checkout. Outside of supermarkets, prices seem reasonable, until you find you need to pay 15-20% in tips because waiting staff doesn't get minimum wage [in most states] and it's up to the customers to make sure they don't starve. So yeah, not very developed after all :-) [also: healthcare. unless you're rich you get none. half the people on the street walk around with visible ailments of some kind. but I'm getting OT] A bottle of coke, however, is much, much cheaper than over here. Also, bigger. groetjes - ritz