Only news article I could find on it: http://domainincite.com/go-daddy-gripe-site-shuts-down/ I saw this video back when it was first uploaded, very interesting video and well done I agree that your site does not make it clear to the user, as a web developer I know that sometime we are not the best at conveying what we do and just assume others will understand. By that same token I was willing to hand over my calendar access because also know that sometime you have to take a chance for a huge reward, the reward being an awesome service, I would love to try it out however every date on my calendar is gray and I have a lot of events on my calendar so I am a little confused at how to work it I can't tell you how much I wish there existed a site that allowed for programmers to work for non-profits easily. There are often times when I have downtime but I am too burnt out to work on my own projects and I just want a change of pace. I feel like most non-profits could greatly benefit from developers and designers helping them either with their web presence or to help with efficiency. Recently I helped a national Fraternity, not my own, with tracking and recording tweets using a certain hashtag over the span of 40 days. Their method prior to me was copy + pasting the tweets that they liked from twitter (Using twitter search) in a word document. Using open source tools like phirehose I was able to help them record and track 5K+ tweets and export the data into something they could use. Helping out with this was very rewarding and I had a ton of fun. I wish their were more opportunities like this. The problem was I had to contact them, they had no idea that there were people even out their that could do that let alone do it for free. I hope that in a few days I see a "Show HN: Weekend project- NonProfitCoding.com" (The domain is open, I just don't have the time to work on something like that right now) on the front page because I would defiantly join. I am having the EXACT same problem. My domains look like this on namecheap http://imgur.com/mtSsd and they said that GoDaddy was blocking them from getting the Whois info as well. I understand not wanting to jump to conclusions but I trust GoDaddy about as far as I can throw the elephants that their CEO shoots... Dubstep, I listen to techno/dubstep/trace music because usually there are little to no words/lyrics which tend to distract me. Also I make sure to listen to LARGE playlists so that I rarely hear a repeat in the span of a few days which keeps my mind from memorizing the beats/music so I don't get caught up in the music I just let it play. Check out Rusko and Skrillex those are the top 2 I listen to when programming I am Greek (FIJI at UK) and a web developer and there is a LOT of money to be made in the market. If you are interested in talking just email me Josh[at]JoshStrange[dot]com > Greeks have specific needs that Facebook and other sites do not meet. Online recruitment tools, online bill pay tools (LOTS of money here), Online chapter management tools (Email/SMS blasts, calendars, philanthropy hours tracking, event planning) > At UPenn, the average budget is ~$125,000 a semester, and that's money each house MUST spend. > > Perhaps, but what fraction of that do they spend on software, social networking or otherwise? A frat budget of $125K becomes less interesting if they spent $110K of that on Natty Light. Please don't fall prey to common stereotypes, not every dollar we collect goes to alcohol, in fact 0% of my chapters budget goes to alcohol. Also "Frat" has negative connotation, please refer to them as Fraternities. > CollegeACB had 900,000 hits its 2nd day, now its down. I never had and never will support CollegeACB/JuicyCampus type websites as all they are used for is spreading rumors and hate. Any idiot can throw up a copy-cat website in a few hours and slap ads on it to make a few bucks. There is plenty of money to be made marketing to Fraternities and Sororities as most of the companies operating in this sector are are doing a horrible job and are years behind tech-wise. I would be happy to work with anyone who wants to write web apps for Greek's. -Josh Strange University of Kentucky FIJI - Phi Gamma Delta Yes and there is also BillHighway which has signed almost ALL Sororities at the national level, OmegaFi, LegFi (Based in Lexington), and I'm sure there are a couple other that are less popular. They all suck, majorly, we use LegFi and simple things like "I want to get an email when anything is charged to me" is not available and they don't store my CC info so I have to re-enter it each time, SMS support is non-existant even thought I wrote a standalone implementation of how it could work and offered to add it to their system FOR FREE... I never heard back. I was hoping that at least I could make the product suck less for my chapter but that wasn't even an option. I would love to start my own Greek dues collection company but can't take the time to build it out only to have to fight for scraps (As in I would have to sell it to each chapter). Note that the golden goose is that you get paid Yearly/Semesterly so it's the gift that keeps on giving. (We are talking $40-$60 PER member PER year/semester). Hit me up if you are interested. I have seen 0 inovation in college for as long I can remember. The "inovations" they claim are: moving courses online, offering online "aids" (Blackboard sucks), and my bigest pet peeve, making students pay for access to online homework (With no offline alternative). All of these are just ways to pump more money into the schools and to increase the teacher -> student ratio. NONE of these actually help students, in fact I would argue that they make them lazier. I have yet to learn anything at college that has helped me with my job (Web and mobile programming) and the CS classes my college offers are woefully outdated, often by about 5-10 years. I am in school for a piece of paper, I would gladly pay 25% more for tuition if I could just buy my degree. College (In it's current state) is a waste of time. The only advantage college has given me is my Fraternity which has opened the doors to all sort of possibilities whereas my classes has done nothing. So to answer the question "Are college students learning?" The answer is 2-fold. * Are they learning anything in class? No, just enough to pass the exam. * Are they learning other life lessons? Yes, IF they get involved on campus in other ways (Greek life, student council, student activities board, etc) Going to college is no longer a ticket to a job, if you want to be successful I would suggest going to college and getting the grades but focus on meeting people, getting involved, expanding your network. It's not what you know it's who you know, it doesn't matter if you have the "next facebook" idea, if you don't know someone that can help you make it happen it wont. Old story but great message, I always send this to people that don't understand how important privacy on the internet really is Picture for clarification: http://o7.no/zjmjyf Looks like they forgot to add those in before hitting "Publish" I wish there was an option to switch to timezone names (EST, CST, etc) instead of just cities but still this is great as timezones anyways throw me off Started with my TI-84+ SE in middle school and never looked back I went ahead and setup http://ZiptasticAPI.com/ instead of using GET you just add the Zip code to the url ex: http://ZiptasticAPI.com/40504 all the code is on github https://github.com/joshstrange/Ziptastic I just wanted something a little cleaner and without using GET. This is really cool but I can't get the PNG node module to install on my server or on my laptop This looks awesome and with it (when it gets a few more languages for syntax highlighting) I will really have to reconsider buying an iPad + bluetooth keyboard for on-the-road/on-vacation times when I need to make minor edits online for work. Also I would order an iPad today if it also included an ssh terminal. That would seal it for me! Also maybe some way to connect through sftp and edit files directly on a server would be great I'll agree that the web development scene is somewhat "fragmented" but I would argue that Android's fragmentation is not only worse but harder to adjust for. When coding a website and dealing with different browsers/capabilities/screen sizes I can test all of the different combinations on my laptop. The times when I need to test a site on windows I either get someone else to run QA on it at work or I fire up a remote solution such as http://browserstack.com . The bottom line is I CAN test all the combinations. Now switch to Android. I'm sorry but emulators are NO EXCUSE for the real thing. I have had code fail in an emulator and then work fine on the device. The emulators are VERY slow and trying to run them on my Macbook Air (4GB RAM) is next to impossible. iOS's Simulator is 100x better. (Emulator != Simulator) I'm sorry but I would rather write websites all day and have to test on 4 Browsers Across 2 OS's then write one more app for Android. Couldn't agree with this more. Once a bunch of people start using your Android app you will get buried under support issues. The company I wrote some apps for will email me all the time saying X device on Y.Z version of Android doesn't work... Most of the time it's just a dead end. Unless I get one of those phones in my hands to test it or if it is spitting out an error code that I know how to fix then there is no easy way to debug the problem. It's frustrating as a developer because I WANT to provide the best experience in my mobile apps but that is a very hard to do as the Android platform seems to be in a constant state of flux with countless new devices hitting stores all the time. I disagree. Testing is STILL much easier for web development, the android emulators are no replacement for the real thing. Yeah, if you want to give me the top 7 Android phones then yes, development becomes easier (I'm sorry but still no where near as "easy" as it is in the world of web development). We normally will test Win/OSX and the latest FF+Chrome and then IE7/IE8/IE9/Soon-IE10. This in total means testing 6 different combos (No IE on OS X and only test FF/Chrome in one OS). I might throw the site in safari just to double check but since it runs on webkit I usually can trust that if it works in Chrome it will work in Safari. At the end of the day we have to much less checking in web development than we do in mobile because while browsers are different that are more alike than they are different. That cannot be said for Android/iOS, they differ down to their very core and most cross-platform attempts fall hopelessly short of a usable app. So you have to connect to a wifi network that is created by the TuneBridge? Isn't this highly inefficient? When a user does this they will not have internet on their phone/ipod any more, it will make the device un-usable. I got excited about this due to the cheeper price but lack of internet is a huge problem and it essentially "breaks" the device functionality. These devices were not meant to connect to wifi hotspots lacking internet conductivity. I have created wifi-hotspots with no internet conductivity in the past and it is hard to keep a device connected to it due to the device trying to find a real source of internet. No for 2 reasons, 1) As @lmm mentioned, you can get free t-shirts from just about anywhere and it's not worth having a huge ad on your back 2) Launchrock is one of the most annoying 'Coming Soon' pages out there. Why would I share your service/product on Twitter/FB/Email to my friends and family when I haven't even ever used it Step 1: Google "hacker news userscript open links in new tab" Step 2: Second Result "Hacker News | // ==UserScript== // @name news.yc open in new ta" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=128307 ) (Screenshot: http://o7.no/KClBIc ) Step 3: Copy that to a file called newtab.user.js Step 4: Open that file in Chrome/Firefox/Safari/Any Browser that supports userscripts and install Now on to your second gripe, would you rather have HN iframe in the link and add a banner bar at the top? No one liked it back when Digg tried it and no one will like it now, I'm sure if you wanted you could write a userscript (or add on the the other one) so that on link click it added an iframe under the link to the bottom of the page and shrunk the top to just visible enough to see the link title the up vote button and a close button that was added in to allow for removing the iframe. However that would still be susceptible to framekillers http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Framekiller and we come back to the main reason, you want a way to be able to vote after you have "inspected" the content without having the remember to go click the link on HN. Yeah, that would be a nice feature, if there was an api and a way to authenticate users and their votes then someone could write a userscript/chrome app/FF plugin that and a HN up arrow in the top right/left of any page that existed in HN's library of links. That way even if you didn't get to the article via HN you can still up vote it on HN. Alas. Next time don't go complaining about things you can easily find answers to and problems that are impossible to solve at this time. Is something like that possible? Maybe, but by your own admission "I'm not a programmer" I don't think you will be able to accomplish it. From what you wrote I am guessing you want to make a dumbed-down interface for creating full featured iPhone/Android/BB (Why even bother with BB) apps such as appmakr.com. This endeavor will not be worth your time, apps like these are super low quality and suffer from the cookie-cutter-app syndrom (Yes I think I just made that up). No some should be polluting the eco-system with more of these, especially someone who doesn't even know how to program, no offense it's just this would be hard to begin with and it's an impossible problem to solve. You just can't create a product like this that puts out quality apps. If you really find the buttons to be too small then why don't you look in to writing (or finding) a userscript to make them bigger/different? I only suggest it because the likelihood that HN is going to change is very low.