Hello, and thanks for your feedback! We're sorry to be less exciting, but we do indeed only index the historified sites, otherwise the noise would be too much for historious to be of any usefulness. Luckily the cost of bookmarking a page is really low (just one click), so you can do it as often as you like! The extension is open source, you can download and run it yourself if you don't trust the packaged one: http://bitbucket.org/Stavros/historious.crx Thanks! When were computers fast enough? Each computer I've gotten is exactly as fast as the previous one, from the 100 MHz pentium I had in 97 to the quad core I have now. Programs do more things, but that's why the speed has remained the same. My only hope that this will change is with SSDs. I swapped my laptop's SSD for a HDD and now it's a dog, which reminded me how big the difference in performance is. Well, it's only good if it's making you money... 1) The factory owner should have been happy with the bill, given that it was what six minutes of downtime cost him. 2) "I have found the problem, the fix will cost $10,000. Should I proceed?" The gun does the exact same thing the picks do, only with less flexibility and more easily. I don't see why a locksmith who had picks handy already would have to run out to get the gun when you told him you didn't need the show. He should be able to scrape it with the proper pick regardless... Although, I realise I'm probably just nitpicking. Then you won't like the Greek version of that proverb, which makes little to no sense: "Whoever has the fly gets flied." The difference is that you're scanning, they're aggregating. Scanning is O(logn), aggregating is O(n). I remember trying for hours to understand Adaboost before it all clicked (it's an ingenious algorithm, by the way). The paper could certainly do with some more explanation, rather than just "this is the weight updating function, this is the evaluation step, done". Basically, bottle was here and things were good, and then Armin decided to announce Flask as an April Fools joke and ate poor bottle's lunch. Bottle and Flask are similar enough, but I think Flask has more momentum and support. It works with our oven's alarm clock if I hum, regardless of frequency, I seem to recall. > You mean we should be talking about rate of infection in a population, rather than their contribution to the raw infection numbers overall? Either is fine. "50% of HIV positive people are gay" is not. For all we know, there are only two HIV positive people, and one is gay and one straight. That's hardly a reason for excluding all gay people from donating... Where's the payoff? All I see is a system that had to work first time, so "agile" wasn't even an option. If there were an auto-update mechanism to get everyone on the latest version, it seems to me that you might have delivered months earlier and polished it over time. The GP mentioned arbitrary precision integers, which Python has. I believe they're called Long, and integers that overflow are cast to Long (represented as 123L). I will second this. A friend was trying to teach me the four different tones of the sh syllable, I had no clue what the hell was going on, they all sounded exactly the same. I'm not even a native English speaker, I'm Greek, which also isn't tonal. It's a Dylan Thomas reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do_not_go_gentle_into_that_good... Goddamnit, I don't know what's sexist and what isn't any more. What if the message was 0xB1GD1CK (okay, there's no K in hex). Should men be offended? > yet you often see well endowed women used in advertising as nothing more than highly sexualized decoration with a disproportionate focus on their breasts (or other parts) That is because the advertisers want to show something that will immediately capture the attention of their target audience. You don't see women with big breasts on ads for female hygiene products, or, indeed, anything that doesn't target mostly (or even specifically) men. A long, reasoned debate showing how intelligent and wise a woman is won't do much for a 20-second ad. I don't find this any more objectionable than ads using tan, muscular men to appeal to women, which I don't find objectionable at all. It's human nature to be attracted to the opposite sex, and the most available factor is external appearance. > This is merely saying "big boobs" for laughs. It's the kind of stuff young children do (see also: the penis game), so I'm not sure why anyone's rushing to defend this sort of behavior. I completely agree. However, I don't see anyone defending it, people are mostly just saying "this is just childish, not sexist, and isn't that big an issue". I am equally (un)comfortable showing this to a female developer as I am to a male developer. I find it childish and might be a bit embarrassed, not because of the gender of the new hire, but because it's a childish and unprofessional thing to have in code. I am not sure how comfortable the female developer would be, I assume she'd laugh it off, but that's projecting my own feelings onto hers. If I am wrong about this, it will be precisely because I do not know how a woman would feel in this situation, so that's a bit of a moot question to ask me specifically. Can someone tell me what the advantage of emitting LLVM IR is, compared to machine code? I don't think I ever saw that clarified anywhere. I'm the same way, but then I figured that I won't be regretting it for long. HPMOR is amazing. I have an up-to-date ebook version at http://www.leanpub.com/hpmor . I lost so much time to that game. I would probably recommend it. False dichotomy. I'm sure someone in the entire company has five minutes while fixing the problem to explain to us what's going on. Then it didn't reflect the actual value of the company. It was a low offer, and the unpredictable events are just that: unpredictable. The winning lottery ticket still costs $1, because you don't know if it's going to win. This is inaccurate, and just the sort of post you would expect nowadays on HN. It's turning into reddit. That was my thinking as well, this post is light enough that we can all unwind and joke around.