Excellent, and thank you. I wouldn't have found this without your shameless plug. I can log in, but I'm getting a 503 with the following: "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing—we're going to fix it up and have things back to normal soon." Varicose veins, for one. I think it messes up your feet too, but that's what the standing mat is for. I find that if I try to work through a flu, I'll be sick for a week or two. If I just go home and stay in bed, I get over it in a few days. In the long run, it's much more productive to take care of yourself before your work. No matter how productive you think you are being while sick, the quality of your work is most likely suffering. Unfortunately, they all start out this way it seems. Hopefully, this one will remain this way. I like that idea. Keep the core frozen. With a good API, users can extend it to their liking, and complicate it all they want. Or was just inspired by it. They just did it so that, when no one plays anymore, they could say "See! We told you no one wanted offline play." There's a lot of assholes out there, and nothing feels better than killing them with kindness. Does that make me an asshole too? "The Borowitz Report: The News Reshuffled" certainly sounds like parody to me. To a moron in a hurry, it would look exactly like a Fluke product. This is exactly what trademarks are there to protect against, and Fluke is absolutely correct in their actions to protect their brand. This will likely blow up in Sparkfun's face, and rightly so. It's not just the fact that it's yellow, but it's also shaped just like a Fluke. A quick search on multimeters shows various alternative shapes that Sparkfun could have chosen to distinguish themselves. Fluke is correct in protecting their brand, in this case. It's yellow and shaped just like a Fluke. Sparkfun is in the wrong here. Fluke must protect their brand to keep their trademark valid. Maybe because it would break backwards compatibility (and possibly the spec) for the tab key? Don't even get me started on "PIN number". They would add themselves if it weren't for the infinite loop. 20 bucks a month over the duration of a development cycle could be pretty significant. This will basically allow people to develop their game to the point where success or failure could be predicted, and Epic will miss out on the development cycle revenues from the failures. Scrolling left/right when reading on a small screen on sites that haven't been optimized for small screens. That is some very expensive paint. I see it as more of a multi-part blog series, where you can read the first few parts and wait for the rest, or you can wait until all parts have been written and read it all. In this case, it's better than a blog series, because you can be notified as soon as it's complete without having to keep checking back. Context is important. Most laypersons reading an article don't know the terms "Black Hat", "White Hat", and so on. A good article should differentiate the intentions of the "hacker", so that the reader can imply the morality of those intentions by the context. You are correct in that it does not solve a problem. Furthermore, the article tries to create a problem with CSV that does not exist. > CSV breaks depending on the implementation on Quotes, Commas and lines CSV does not break; the implementation is broken if it doesn't parse CSV properly. With a proper implementation, CSV solves every problem that will arise from this method. I hate that I have to scroll at all to read a couple hundred words at most, let alone scroll five freakin' times on a 1080 display. Edit: And why in the world am I getting the webcam indicator on this site‽ There's people that code on their phones, so...(not me , but there is) Although I prefer the method in the best chosen answer, if I had to choose between red and green, I would choose green. You are confirming an action when choosing yes. The button to cancel the operation should be red.