The commisioners only lowered the charges for users in the EU roaming in other EU-countries. For example, if you bought your contract in Germany, you'll have to pay only 0.10 € / minute while you're in Denmark. (Which is quite funny, 'cause I have to pay 0.11€ / minute for calling to other german carriers.) I'm getting here > speed 1640kIPS on the old Nexus 7, don't you mean 8kkIPS? (This value was the average while booting Linux) The best solution would be the one used by Linux: Separate Data and Software. On Linux there is a specific flag that has to be set and is not set per default to make a file executable. So if you run something, you know that you are running it as a program and not opening it as data. Windows on the other hand marks everything as executable which begins with MZ and whichs filename ends in .exe or .com The battery life of the Nexus 7 is almost the same using Desktop Ubuntu compared to Android. Have you gotten all the features, the iPhone 5S got? Do you have the nice blurred Control Center background? Android's Problem is fragmentation, and it wouldn't help at all to just backport some functions to older devices, because then developers coulnd't be sure about tthe availability of any API. Or printing out and handing it over. I'm running Kubuntu with KDE, but fullscreen flash videos are also very bugged, how did you fix them? There is a german lawyer blogging about his experiences on lawblog.de, but aside from him I never saw any lawyer/judge/etc. on the internet talking about their job. I've got a really interesting example of this: I installed for my little sister (12 years) Kubuntu on her computer, now she has used it for half an year and she says it "just works". Using Windows XP or iOS at school is really difficult for her, because it is "so illogical", "nothing works as expected". Firefox with 30 tabs and several Youtube videos uses about 334MB So, while surfing just 5-8 websites at a time you'd have enough memory. Sometimes I'm even using a computer from 1996 which struggles even with xp – it's good enough as a compile server (Pentium II). To cite ENCOM : "What's different this time?" – "We've put a 12 on the box". — From "Tron: Legacy" Have you used KDE? It doesn't look like windows, but it is quite easy to use. And even without hacking EventKit you could just base64 the media and add it as description. It's the other way round. This was a survey where they asked thousands of germans, which country would be the most dangerous. And more people mentioned the US than Iran. Who is using Mir right now? Not even Ubuntu. They use Mir only as a wrapper around XMir which then displays Unity – they've won nothing with this. But with Wayland coming to kubuntu this summer and Mir coming to Ubuntu at the same time, we'll see how Wayland and Mir compare in production. > The unity web player is not supported on your platform It seems like this game can't be played on GNU/Linux. > repair teeth This is not reparing. Repairing would assume that afterwards you've got the same features as before, but replacing nerves and blood vessels with plastic (or in this case, regular tissue) doesn't really provide the same features as before. I'd like to see much more the possibility to replace teeth with ones you've generated from your own stem cells. > The DMCA does have provisions against reverse engineering Here in the EU reverse engineering is allowed and even if you sign a contract saying you won't reverse engineer something you've still got the right to do it. How would the DMCA comply with this, would anyone be able to shut down legally reverse engineered code on GitHub? Oh, hi. I'm also using uberspace, nice to see another uberspace-user here :) I think Hetzner has also some datacenters in Hamburg. I'm using the Sidewinder X4 on linux, and the anti-ghosting-feature works even without any custom driver, so I assume they used the "register one keyboard as multiple keyboards"-approach. But it's also not closed source, because OpenGL is just a specification, like Wayland. Google Mail/Google+/etc. will upload your contact info (All your contacts stored on your device), therefore if you've had your own photo added to your own offline contact, you can be quite sure it was taken from there. Actually, the past 2 years of Minecraft development were almost completely spent on RAM consumption, renderer efficiency, recreating the renderer with an OpenGL 2.1 shading pipeline, switching from direct drawing to VBO's, creating compatibility with translucent objects, etc. Since January 2013 they've spent almost the whole time on optimizing the performance. And the only features they've implemented since where features people wanted really badly or features which came automatically – for example, after adding support for translucent objects they were able to add stained glass with just some few lines of code. Actually they've announced there's a web and browser-addon version in the works, so we might be able to get it on PC.