Google does document Intent constants that work with the standard application compliment of AOSP, and SDK add-ons typically document their Intent constants. An SDK add-on would be one way an app with a rich Intent interface could make that interface known in a more-formal way. 100 megabit service is available at consumer-oriented pricing in Japan and other places. One obvious use of very fast service is to substitute OTT TV for cable TV, or to provide server-based 3D gaming, or, for non-entertainment purposes, to provide high-definition video conferencing. I'm sure others can enumerate a long list of applications. But, the real point is there has never been a shortage of uses for more bandwidth. Instead, it has always opened new possibilities and created new value. The great risk in not having inexpensive, fast Internet service is that the next great value-creations on the Internet will happen more often outside the US, and therefore not help to restore economic growth in the US. The way I earn a living is the same way most musicians earn a living: By working for hire or teaching (consulting). There are about 10,000 books that make any measurable money at all, at any given time, and only a small fraction of those earn the authors enough to live on. Even famous authors of widely read books often have a "day job." Books I have co-authored are "pirated," mainly in markets where wages are lower than would support a local edition at local pricing. My publisher does not use DRM on e-books, and e-books still rapidly outpaced paper books. If you do the thought experiment, lack of copyright protection or a significantly shorter term of copyright, or some other variant, like a publishers' agreement not to trespass on other publishers' author relationships for some term, would not change my direct income from book writing very much. Publishing would adapt: Books might be serialized so that subscribers get first access on a continuing basis. Or frequent editions (which you might see anyway, with e-books) might become the norm. Apart from the handful of authors of "blockbusters" the book publishing economy would not change that much. We have made, and are protecting at great expense a novel result: A small number of authors, musicians, motion-picture makers, etc. can make big money through mass-reproduction of their works. Is that an advancement of civilization worth subverting all the potential for free expression the Internet provides, or not? Two comments here converge on a complete response to Chris DiBona's assertion: "A platform controlled by a single vendor and locked down by hardware vendors != the Linux desktop "dream come true" "For smartphones, sure. For desktops this is not going to happen for a long time if ever." As much as Android is now both the dominant client Java and the dominant Linux userland, there are two things that have to happen before it is the Linux "dream come true." First, it should become really open, without a Google controlled two-tier structure for OEMs. Not all open source, but open to all comers: Anyone who makes an Android device that passes compatibly tests should be able to ship the Android Market on it. In this, Microsoft is more even-handed with OEMs. Any OEM can license Windows, and they get the same thing HP and Dell get. Second, Google needs to make this openness and evenhandedness happen for tablet makers, which are more like desktop PC makers than handset makers. Tablets are not tied to mobile networks, nor to mobile network operators' retail channels. There is no mobile operator dictating what the software content of a tablet must be in order for it to be accepted by their channel, so there is no excuse for the process to be less than transparent and open to every product that passes compatibility tests. I have good reason to like Android, and the way Google has made Adroid successful, very much: http://www.amazon.com/Programming-Android-Zigurd-Mednieks/dp... I also know from experience in the mobile application business that Android Market is the easiest platform vendor or carrier-controlled app market to deal with. My comments relate mainly to how the tablet business differs from the handset business. The same practices that might be necessary for Android handsets don't apply to tablets, and evidently don't work as well, either. I think tablets will be a very big part of computing, and Android tablets should be a big part of the tablet business. But, so far, Google hasn't allowed many low-cost OEMs to ship Android-based products with Android Market and Google's other proprietary applications. Had Google gone with, say, Archos on a $350 tablet instead of Motorola for a high-end product, the tablet roll-out for Android might be very different now. More generally, Google should not have tried to pick a winner, or a winning approach to tablet product formulation. That openness to all comers makes Android Market vibrant and diverse. Maybe Google should try that approach to tablet OEMs, too. > you start jumping into the rabbit hole when you start getting into server API integration and doing processing off the main thread (AsyncTask, IntentService, Service, unit tests lions tigers oh my) Yes, the first thing to learn is concurrent programming in Java, and Android's classes that simplify it. Then learn about components - everything that implements the ComponentCallbacks interface - and how lifecycles work. If you skip over this you are doomed. Then learn how to keep your data model in a ContentProvider. After that, you are through most of what is different and that might be strange. Interesting but all anecdotal. The office layout productivity study that sticks in my mind showed that any change in office layout improved productivity for a short time. More light, dimmer light, higher cubicle walls, no cubicle walls, etc. It all improved productivity. And then there was a return to mean. A nap after lunch seems to be common in Chinese companies. In both big consultancies, and small entrepreneurial companies, i have seem people put their head down and take a brief nap at their desk. I have read that some companies have a formal policy encouraging this, but it seems widespread anyway. You do realize that leading off with "Respectfully, you don't know what you are talking about" isn't reducing the image of insularity Wikipedia has acquired? It says "If you don't get up to speed on the obscure processes, such as that anyone can nominate an article for deletion, you can't participate in the dialogue." For some reason, unexplained to outsiders, this is a feature, not a bug. At least recognize that Wikipedia is the odd subculture, not the people critiquing Wikipedia. More people know him as a TWiT Network host, nowadays. > encryption is hard, and thereby expensive The problem with that is that systems like Skype require strong encryption to work at all, and Skype manages to provide high quality voice transmission despite using encryption on a wide variety of OSs and hardware. It will probably be more technically difficult to make Skype friendly to snooping than it was to make it secure. Your response is an example of the natural tendency of some people to find comfort in authority, even when it is shown to be ineffective. Nothing personal. Lots of people react in the same way. Sad nonetheless. Which do you think is likelier: A. Java FX is the Java UI technology that makes cross-platform - including mobile platforms - client Java relevant and attracts a significant number of developers? B. Android compatibility becomes available for non-Android OSs and Android becomes the de facto portable client Java. Or put it in terms of scenarios: Google settles the Oracle suit and ships Java 7 and JavaFX compatibility in Android and significant numbers of developers use this to deliver multi-platform Java apps. Or: multiple vendors offer Windows desktop Android virtualization or JavaSE-like implementations of the Android runtime, and these are used to move tablet apps to desktops. I did see that, but I think it is a reasonable assumption that Oracle wants Java 7, and JavaFX, on platforms other than Windows. I suppose Iceland's domain registrar was busy that day. RMS is difficult because he is consistent, because he is right about difficult topics, and because people have a natural tendency to be comforted by authoritarians. But the issues RMS writes and speaks about are fundamental to human rights, and to the continued ability to create and innovate and create value without getting prior permission. Sham transactions are a common part of financial crimes. Ownership didn't change in fact, just on paper. Linking all the owners together in one family showed that the transactions had no material effect on where the rent and equity money was going. I find myself fumbling with the three scroll bars in GMail: Two are owned by GMail, one for the main pane of the UI, and one for the message pane embedded in it. The browser's scroll bar controls scrolling for the contacts displayed on the right side of the window. A case can be made for this in that all the scroll bars are closest to the content they scroll. But it also points out the unsatisfactory state of having the browser control some scrolling and the active content inside the browser control some of it. This would never fly in the design of any UI library for creating interactive applications. The first two top-level comments I see here amount to: a) Beating bloggers, especially hippies, doesn't count b) If we had only prevented the protests, we'd be doing better Still more reasons America is in a slump in these rankings If you have a thread longer than your window, that's one scroll bar. Gmail creates it. If you have a reply, for example, in that thread longer than a few lines, it is scrolled within a view in the thread. If you have your chat contacts displayed in the right pane, the browser window's scroll bar scrolls that pane. That's the case I'm describing. This is only true for publishers that are making large numbers of hard-back books for an uncertain market. Trade paperbacks are going print-on-demand, and e-books have overtaken print books in some categories already. When is the last time you heard anyone boast "I'm in my fifth printing?" So, while this puts some inefficiency and perverse incentives into part of the publishing industry, the effects of this have been washed out, in most cases, by technological change and changes in the supply chain. I don't think "discoverability" is meaningful. Nobody speaks of restaurant discoverability or beer discoverability or shoe discoverability. That's because nobody would lend the money for a shoe factory, brewery equipment, or a restaurant build-out without seeing a plan for reaching the prospective customers and making them aware of the product. For some reason, people think mobile app business plans don't need this. That myth may be created by the lucky few who turn out not to need it. They got "discovered" like a starlet at a soda fountain. The app market managers decided to feature that app, or a widely read blogger stumbled upon it. But planning on that is like planning on winning the capital for your next app with a lottery ticket. If your business plan can't support end-user marketing, you may need to decide you are not writing your app with financial goals in mind, or you need a solid alternative marketing plan and put the effort in to executing that with the same dedication you put in to writing the app. Tl;dr: Mobile app markets are not a way to get around the cost and effort of properly launching a product. "Ant? Why do I know Ant now? I didn’t know Ant 2 days ago. Is it really necessary to have to learn a build tool to perform such a common task?" Ant is the backstop to the build the IDE makes automatically, in cases, like this one, where there isn't a parameter you can set in the build options dialog. You might not like ant, or having to learn it. But it's not an unusual choice for Java builds. There are many cases in more-complex Android project builds where ant is necessary. The first sign of trouble is: " A previously (very) successful game on iOS, it was brought over to Android in order to take advantage of the huge number of devices that run the OS." Right. A game with graphical assets designed for a couple of fixed screen sizes and resolutions is going to have problems on a system that forces developers to handle multiple screen dimensions and resolutions. Shocked. I'm shocked. The one thing Android "fragmentation" (meaning whatever it means in which ever context) hasn't caused for applications that were developed for Android is compatibility problems. Android apps are remarkably compatible on hardware that they were never tested on. There is plenty to hate about OEMs' craplets and "enhancements" - which comprise the more commonly held definition of "fragmentation" - but they have had very little effect on application compatibility. That's GPU "fragmentation." You have multiple hardware/firmware/driver implementations of OpenGL. Unless you prescribe a GPU and software stack, you will always find things that slip past compatibility tests.