Yeah you're not alone there, the stupid idea that windows now needs to be fully tablet capable without a keyboard to the detriment of everyone else using it normally. Literally making the interface less informative and adding clicks, waiting and gestures to achieve actions that should've been a single point and click. I call it the "BIG BATAN" ideology, as everything needs to be a clean oversized button without any extra options or functionality. Stupid mobile OS features creeping into desktop for no good reason. I swear if MS eventually removes the don't group fallback I'm finally ditching Win for KDE and never coming back. Everyone asks how to build a search engine with Ruby on Rails, but nobody asks why build a search engine with Ruby on Rails... The real question: is it really mightier than the SWORD So it just needs subsidies to be economical then. I suppose this is a bad time to mention that commercial airlines would all have to close down years ago if it wasn't for the tax free fuel they get to use. If something's useful enough we can make it happen regardless. Manatee farms when? There was this Veratasium video recently about this very thing, apparently boredom is indeed crucial for creativity. So in a sense, cultured people like cultured meat. That's fantastic, someone ought to integrate this with Mycroft, stat. Yeah, besides Tesla has been collecting data for like a decade now, I'm sure they have enough of it to make a robust enough system for the US at large, especially with their Dojo training chip. At the end of the day it just needs to be better than the average human, and that's frankly not the highest bar unfortunately. To be frank, the lane keeping ADAS has been out for years and most car manufacturers offer such a thing on their high end models. Usually radar supported and pretty reliable from what I hear. Perhaps it's not the best idea to use these more advanced Level 4 systems in the densest city yet, but most of driving does usually happen on highways and regional roads so it's not a major loss. I'm sure someone will eventually figure out how to detect "eyyy im walkin eer" and honk back automatically, and then it should be usable in NY as well. > versions of AI that are hidden from the public both private and military I do think you overestimate how much the military has its shit together. These systems need gigantic amounts of driving data to train and nobody else has that aside from car manufacturers with their fleets. And out of those Tesla is the one that's been doing it the longest. Yeah the majority of the pushback probably comes from people over expecting what the system should do from overzealous marketing, but the tech is slowly getting there regardless. Whoever says the software flat out doesn't perform either hasn't been keeping up with development or has other motives. Tell me the difference between fraud and hype and I'll have the games industry arrested. I'm not happy with human drivers doing that either, but it does seem to happen. And that is after all the real life benchmark. Or perhaps.. aspergers? Which Elon does have. Yall are placing way too much emphasis on an outburst of an autist with a medical disorder. Or get this, we could walk and never get into a car crash! Well I do think it's very possible if not certain that they have unusually advanced systems that have been kept secret, but I would expect them to be in the areas they actually have data for. As in security cameras, finances, cell tower data, etc. Facial and gait recognition, location tracking, etc. far beyond anything commercially available. But I'd doubt they have an AGI behind closed doors :P Meanwhile Python: "Yeah if you could rewrite your entire codebase every few years because of some changes nobody fuckin asked for, yeah that would be great. Oh and by the way, we're dropping support for non-latest versions of the language lmao." Always ask string return questions, got it. He's right though, there are lots of articles being written by bots even in print these days, not being able to tell the difference between a somewhat bad writer and a bot is what makes them viable. And the tech just keeps getting better every day. Same goes for cars, it's not a thing until it is. Looking forward to that Mad Max sequel. "Where is your god now?" "Right behind you." Just stick a Starlink antenna on it, dummies. /s But how do they pay the gas fees? :P American Express Ireland: chuckles "I'm in danger" This is literally their entire economy lmao.