I've considered launching a kickstarter for one of my side projects to help pay for my living while I work on my real startup. It seems like it would be extremely time consuming though. I thought I had read in one of those that PG really wants to replace banks and credit cards. Or maybe it was someone else. Either way, that's one of the things I'd love to get into as far as "big picture" stuff (along with a cloud-based "space station" on venus, but the bank thing might be slightly less difficult). I'd completely revamp the entire purchase process, as much as legally possible (and realistically doing that would also require lobbying to change any outdated laws we can that aren't being protected by the other banks. You'd have to go after all the peripheral laws first I feel like, or else the banks would crush you with their influence). The entire transfer of funds and the documentation of the purchase would be re-done based on what we can actually do with this kind of data. It's insane that my bank only tells me things like "AMAZON MKTPLACE PMTS AMZN.COM/BILL WA 06/26" for an amazon purchase. Mint tries to parse that and just has no idea how to classify it. The truth is, the bank should only get sufficient information for facilitating the transfer, and there needs to be a simple system of reporting detailed purchase info directly from the store to the user. Getting this to work with many vendors would be a pain, but it doesn't help that currently I don't know anything about those systems. I have some ideas on how to kind of abstract that out... So... this is really interesting and I have no idea what any of it says. I haven't tried google translate yet but there's also text on the images... Anyway, can someone (perhaps the original poster) explain what specifically is happening? :) ...why? Because it's arabic? Ooohhh, scary arabic. Or they're talking about spies and bombs? Don't we talk about those things on hacker news too? I can't read it, I'm working my way through the google translation and just starting, so maybe it's all "bad" stuff, but to be honest, I hope iranians can shed some light on what our government is doing - the US government itself certainly isn't going to help with that. Hey there! I'm the designer of the product (and co-founder). Totally understand, we've been working as hard as we can to provide clear information, and I had a lot more written about encryption and cryptoauthentication before I realized it may be too focused (we want to get regular people excited about building projects). Cryptography is incredibly important to me, and my ultimate plan is for these boards to be useful in creating dark mesh nets so people can communicate freely even when others try to cut them off. The protocol will be lightweight and we support sending arbitrary data, so it shouldn't be hard to patch it into a network. I still remember the cryptocat articles from a couple months back, and the snooping from the NSA has turned me into a crypto evangelist, so I absolutely intend to provide real strong cryptography. I also understand how skeptical people are (and should be) about crypto systems, so as I'm still learning about this stuff I've been careful not to boast too much before I've got the exact system sorted. Currently the plan is full support for multiple master keys for different purposes (one for firmware updates, one for data, perhaps one for trusted guests, out of 16 total possible keys), per-packet session keys using AES-256, and I'm very curious about ECC, which it appears our system might support, since the encrypt/decrypt are software (though the new radio has an AES-128 hardware engine too). We'll give a LOT of detailed information on the development of this system as it happens (after the kickstarter). My plan is to design a system that any HN reader would be proud of. We're not going to "let open source do it", we're writing it ourselves and I've loaded my tablet full of crypto e-books so I can genuinely learn from the ground up how to do that. Even if ultimately I don't write the software, I absolutely will not sell a system as cryptographically secure unless I personally understand how it is built and why it is secure. We can do DSSS, but our radio engineer (google Earl McCune) advised us that FHSS, while in some ways more complex (actually he just said it's tricker to design "right", which I'm fine with), will be vastly better for rejecting interference and intentional blocking. Hey HN! I'm the creator and co-founder of this project. I've been designing robots since I was 15 and hacking on electronics since I could hold a screwdriver. What I think you'll like most about this project is the open source long range encrypted wireless link our mesh provides. I discovered Hacker News about a year ago and have been a regular reader since, so I remember Cryptocat, the NSA, and all the other things that reminded us why cryptography is important, and why implementing it is critical. So, a few answers: Yes, you can do encrypted mesh networks over long range. I'm a hardcore robotics guy at heart - the name "Flutter" was chosen exactly because this protocol is designed to be as lightweight as possible, and though the mesh protocol itself is still being developed (basically, that's why we need kickstarter, aside from the fact that I'm tired of ramen), I really intend for the protocol to stay out of the way. You'll also have full control over what happens, so you can always turn meshing off and use hard addressing. It's still really simple to use that way and cheaper than everything else I've seen that compares. I absolutely will not sell a product as "cryptographically secure" unless I believe it is, and I understand that the "smallest" flaw in a cryptographic system can render the entire system worthless. I am learning everything I can about cryptography, starting with some amazing e-books I have found on the subject, and just like wireless Our data rate is proportional to our range (this is generally true for any radio system), so we get 1km range at low data rates (1200baud tested, but we physically ran out of test room and had a strong signal). Theoretically this radio can do 3km at 1200 baud and it looks like we should be able to do 1km at 30kbps at least. Also I think the new radio chip doubles all the data rates in these cases (I would have to confirm), and I do know the new chip has higher transmit power and higher sensitivity, so range should be even better. There is a cheap radio amplifier (PA and LNA) called the CC1190, and texas instruments has all kinds of datasheets on using either of the two radios we are working with to give us 10km range, or much better data rates at 1km, etc. We're going to design the protocol with expansion in that direction in mind, if people really dig the range thing (it's a bit much for a beer brew setup, but if you want dark meshnets, lets do it!) I'm a hacker at heart. I first learned lockpicking at the old Noisebridge location (the original one). I love 3D printers and open source, did a rant/thread about open hardware on the Ultimaker mailing list a year back (I was one of the first in the bay area to get an Ultimaker too, and designed a new mount for it that I have on thingiverse). I got on hackaday for some 3d printed helicopter blades, and have been building robots since I was 15. There's a longer bio about me on our site, at flutterwireless.com See also me ten years ago talking about robots (and I feel silly for the "few people do" comment, but I was 15 and trying to keep it simple). http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8FJu1eL_dYs Please ask me anything! We are definitely designing these to support mesh networks, and though I haven't written it down anywhere yet, we're not going to default the radios to full on, that will either be automatically configured (probably too difficult, but I'll look into it) or just manually specified. I would really love to make it automatic though, and for anything under constant comms they could easily communicate their signal strength in the ack if needed to coordinate that. The mesh protocols are still under development (that's what we need Kickstarter for!). Our wifi + ethernet shield makes it easy to have an always on device that routes traffic for home Flutter networks, but you can also just plug the board into your PC over USB and feed it traffic that way, you can run arbitrary data of any size over the link and all communications are guaranteed (or explicitly timeout), so I think piping TCP/IP over it will be easy. You can also use a raspberry pi and one of our boards to accomplish what the network shield does (for roughly the same price) but the network shield is designed for exactly this purpose, and many people will find value in that. It's tough to pitch an Arduino with lots of highly technical capabilities - Arduino users just want to know "but can i make a wireless beer brew setup?" That's the kind of information we try to speak to on the KS page. We're also still learning what questions people have! Hah, thanks for the edit. Yeah we've already gotten the range. I've even checked the output of our boards with a radio expert (google Earl McCune, he's an advisor), and using his many expensive Agilent scopes we've experimentally verified that performance of my design is pretty much exactly on par with the reference designs, taking into account that we are using a custom designed RF balun [1] instead of the discretes they use on the reference design. Our RF Expert confirmed I had made a good choice with that, as the losses are tiny compared to ease of manufacturing it provides. [1] (I think it's this one, I'd have to check the part number, they have a couple similar ones). http://www.johansontechnology.com/datasheets/chipset-specifi... The plan is for it to be my favorite, and I'm designing it, so I hope so! I'm trying to design the system I've needed for years, because the problems I've had building robots generalize to nearly all the problems that Arduino users have. We are aiming to nail this. Honestly I completely didn't expect the outpouring of support from international backers. We're two hackers in silicon valley building a product out of my apartment, and honestly canada, mexico, europe - I'm not surprised you guys want it (that's the point!) but I was completely blown away at how serious the international support is! I'm thrilled, excited, and happy to figure it out though! I think we probably can sell in all of North America without changes, I'm checking on it. Europe is also pretty easy design wise, I just need to consult with our radio expert about certification, it was something I just did not look into, with all the things it takes to make this happen! But I should update the FAQ to say "we're" looking into it, since we absolutely now are! exactly this ^ Absolutely! There's lots of hardware around, but being able to turn an Arduino project into an emergency beacon or IP link has some benefits too, and $20 is likely cheaper than what's been around. At $20 these are commodity prices, which I don't think we've had for high quality general purpose computing + wireless platforms. Yup, but we can 868MHz in Europe, and with all the support from international backers I think we may end up doing that as a stretch goal! Just have to talk it our with our RF expert, which we're doing! Thanks! He's a serious silicon valley radio expert. He actually was a member of the homebrew computer club and brushed shoulders with Woz and Jobs before spending the rest of his career advancing radio in silicon valley. He helped lab test my designs, and he's really been an asset in verifying that what I think I did right, I actually did (Texas Instruments has some really great reference material). We experimentally verified on his equipment that my design basically exactly matches the performance characteristics of TI's reference design, and one of our RF component suppliers offers a $600 service where they put your device in their RF chamber to test emissions, which the engineer told me is a much better deal than you'd normally get at that price, but they only do it to help customers get off the ground. Before launch we spent a lot of time speaking to a lot of other professionals and kickstarter folk who have gone through the certification process, and it sounds like it's going to be manageable, especially with Earl McCune's help! I've done all the work on my own, but having a reliable expert is extremely critical in making sure the hardware will not be a problem! Yeah, exactly this. Used to be, you buy an Arduino Fio and an xbee module[1], and for $50 you get max 100m range? Two nodes then cost $100, which is enough for one project and one device to route traffic to mobile, lets say. With Flutter, for $100 you can have 5 nodes, so you can have the beer brew monitoring, control some lights, measure the humidity of your greenhouse, and build a robotic car you can drive with your phone. We're trying to hit commodity pricing for consumer mesh hardware so people can just toss it in whatever they want to make and easily handle the communications they need. And not relying on another radio module manufacturer means we can design the product to be everything we need and nothing we don't, and only pay for board manufacture once, instead of paying for a module (which is a manufactured board) that you then put on your own manufactured board. The radio and cpu should be on the same board and should be very useful (hence open and arduino). Then we can really build a network of things. TCP/IP is a fun idea and I think people will get some use out of it for mesh and darknet purposes, but the target is Arduino users (aka "regular people"). That said, I'm designing the protocol so professionals can use it too. We may end up forking it, and doing what Raspberry Pi did, giving people Rasbian for regular folk and other distros (featured in the same place) for hardcore users. And you asked why not the shield you linked to? This is why: https://dlnmh9ip6v2uc.cloudfront.net//images/products/1/0/8/... That is a $25 shield, $23 radio, and a $29 arduino all stacked on top of eachother, and you get 100m range max. Wouldn't you rather have a single board for $20 or $30 that meets those needs and lets you reach out up to a kilometer or more? I understand your reservations, crowd funding can be a crap shoot. I've already got the BOM sorted out for the final hardware, we're just hitting kickstarter to verify that all the work required to finish this will be worth our while. The more backers we get, the easier delivering this hardware will be. I won't try to convince you of anything you can't be convinced of, but I will tell you that if you are interested I would really appreciate your support, and as per the kickstarter terms of service I can at least promise that if what we are delivering does not meet your needs, you can cancel your order and we will refund the full amount. The EULA does require me to either deliver or refund you, and I absolutely will comply with that. I'd also suggest waiting to see? You could back us at $25 so you get the updates, and then cancel before it finishes if you would prefer not to spend any money at all. And yeah, the radio chip is pretty simple. It's basically a cheap general purpose radio. The other proprietary chip is the Atmel ATSHA204, which you don't even need to use, but provides some excellent cryptographic functions. Either way, I look forward to winning you over at some point, even if that's not till the products ship and the reviews are in! :) We rated both as 1km max, but the basic will have an integrated antenna, with reduced performance. The current radio chipset theoretically maxes out at 3km though, and we haven't actually maxed out range ever, before maxing out distance (we have to use google earth just to find places!). Pro will have better range due to the antenna, but the basic will get a pretty high-performing antenna too. Eeek, good catch! Now that the level has backers I can't change it, but we are working on a better plan for international backers, and I will contact Kickstarter and see if they can open up the shipping option on that reward! I'll post an update for international backers soon! Yeah, they're in the same space as us. We hope that our range, low price, and extreme flexibility will really win people over. Wifi is not really a good protocol for Arduino. If you just want to send a few bytes (like "On", "Off", or sensor data like "215"), then wifi is across the board many levels more complex than is needed. Flutter isn't the minimum needed, but it's essentially the minimum needed to build a secure mesh solution. And unlike wifi modules, we have bare metal control over our radio chip, which gives us a lot more room for doing interesting things, like indoor 3D positioning (which we haven't tested yet, so I have no statistics on the accuracy... yet). The cool thing is, we will research indoor positioning, and every other use of this board we can. I think an open radio and computing module with encryption, long range comms, and ultra low power usage (sleep modes should allow for a year on a coin cell, though again, that has not been verified yet). Interesting. Does our product not seem simple? We're working on some fancy mesh protocol stuff for making DIY projects easy, but those features don't have to be enabled at all. You definitely could use this just like an arduino with a radio attached, we'll have full libraries for sending data to any device directly, and our code will have copyleft licences (thinking GPL, haven't decided yet) and we will encourage forks. You can look at them as basically just compute and radio modules - they can be used however you'd like! It's been a hectic few days organizing all that information, but here's the lowdown: Currently we are using the CC1101 Radio, which maxes out at 600kbps. It's an excellent radio, but has been basically unchanged since 2006, when TI bought chipcon (who made the CC1101). The CC1200 was recently announced as a successor, and it looks pretty amazing. The max data rate of that chip is 1.2Mbps, and it has increased transmit power and sensitivity. The chip is priced roughly the same as the CC1101 and is based off of the same code, so we should be able to port everything to it quickly and pick up development with it. There is a possibility that the chip will have some flaw that makes it a show stopper, but it's intended by Texas Instruments to be a nearly drop in replacement, and if it does what the datasheet says it should handily work for us. There is a possibility that we will end up not being able to use the CC1200 though, giving us a max data rate of 600kbps in that case, and I realize I need to make that clear, so I will go write up that copy on our Kickstarter page now. I definitely don't want there to be any confusion about what we're selling, so I apologize for not making that clear to any backers, I'll mention the change in our coming backer update, which will largely be directed at international backers, who we are working to accommodate! 915 MHz ISM. We're working on international support. I made it, so ask away if you have any other questions! Do it! As soon as we have the new hardware up and running we're going to play with mesh nets ourselves!