There are other implementations too, like IBM J9 and GNU Kaffe. I remember using J9 in place of Sun Java when I was a desktop Linux user. By User, I mean business owner, it ought to be like an apple product in so much as the default interface is easy enough to do most of the things you would want to do with your PBX, Obviously, some stuff like configuring site-site peering, and a T1 PRI would need more experience, and an advanced interface. The idea is, some of the product line, may only be sold by VAR's, like anything that cant auto-configure itself, for example. For what market slice, think smaller :-P, I'm looking at the 3-300 Seat market, which is a much larger portion of the system market, then the high end stuff Cisco is selling. I'm looking at competing with Panasonic and Toshiba, and folks who have no phone system at all - for now, I have an idea for a much much larger system, that simply moves the point of aggregation up a level - I personally would love to knock Cisco out of the game at some point, their product is junk in many ways. I've never seen a Cisco install work as expected - and I've seen somewhere north of 30 of them - in my opinion any phone system that need regular reboots is garbage. Having supported phone system as a service, its often roses, honestly, in most cases it just doesn't work, the biggest issue being call quality (Choppy Audio, one way Audio, etc), also, SIP and NAT do not play nice, so you usually need an ALG if you want more then one phone on the customer premises, which annoys the customer as its another 200+ dollar piece of gear. I think the best idea is to partner with folks like Vonage, and other IP Telephony Carriers (Looking with a big eye towards the cable carriers offering business voice service like Comcast), to provide branded hardware, so they provide the trunking to the premises, we provide the phones. The customer can manage all their stuff internally, and the telco has an inbuilt market. Thanks so much for the advice! Or just use a Black and White Laser Printer? Really, anything you print, no matter what it is printed on with enough time an effort could be track back to at least the model and type of printer. Page last updated at 02:05 GMT, Wednesday, 1 April 2009 UK I'm surprised by a NDA that wont even allow you to disclose that you performed a project that did some certain things, or that you performed an undisclosed project for X Company, and then a list of the technologies involved. What of BSD? The stack /can/ be the same even. I would point out that both the Model S and X may very well have the circuitry to completely disconnect the cell pack at something below 10% actual charge (not displayed charge). I'm also really wondering how much of this is self discharge, and how much of this is poor load control of the standby electronics. Lower then it is in the bay area, just from observation. I buy American cars for several reasons: 1. Most American cars are NOT world cars, I'm a big guy, 6'3 300 lbs, I dont fit well in a world car, so I'm always looking at vehicles designed for the North American market, plus I do a whole lot of long distance driving. 2. Less intensive maintenance schedule, my town car will never need its timing belt changed, nor a valve adjustment, the primary services done, are simply to change fluids. 3. While is sounds jingoistic, its patriotic, I prefer to buy something made here. I think right about the perfect time to buy a car is after the initial 5 year break in - preferably with someone else doing the break in. I think its a good model though. I agree, since I want to be able to offer plans without long contracts, to deal with that I ether need to; 1. Raise the onboarding cost high enough so leaving at the drop of the hat is not expensive for us.; or 2. Lower the cost of acquisition of customers.; or 3. Pass the onboarding costs on to customers as a setup fee. If it costs me 250 dollars to bring on a customer, and they leave after two months, I'm never going to make money. Obviously a contract is always an option, I get stability, customer gets lower pricing, at a cost of flexibility on both sides. The big advantage of startups is customer acquisition is easier for us, they are less barriers for contracting, and getting them to try our service, furthermore; these are companies that have no real viable way of providing support as-is – it’s a win-win. This is new? I think there are good examples to take from Jobs. It's all about a time and a place, sometimes you want to drive to resolution, and be a dick, because that is what will produce the most efficient best result, and for other things, good enough _is_ good enough, and additional pushing will not result in substantive improvement. Wisdom is the ability to pick those two situation apart. I wonder how much this adjusts for natural fading in prints. Goes to show, just how much easier it is to write about a future, than it is to predict the future. Though on whole, if you grab a statement out of each (almost) you have the world of today. I like it. From where I sit it pokes fun at the stereotypical "living in the land of unrealistic expectations" Apple Macintosh user. Maybe that's why some of the folks are so offended at it. Like it or not, even the Mac is a complex combination of hardware and software, and while much of this is obvious to those of us who spend 8+ hours in front of a computer, its not obvious those everyone else. While perhaps poorly executed, I think the ads do point out the difference between Apple and Everyone Else; When you buy a Mac, there is ALWAYS an expert standing by to help you solve your problems, someone who knows everything about your hardware and software, this is something the PC world does not have. I think its designed to keep someone from taking the work, and selling it as their own. If you look at fonts, there are hundreds of thousands of unique fonts being sold individually. I really believe Mac OS is the future of the consumer market. It's easy to use, complete, and has friendly people at any apple retailer to help you onboard yourself on to the system. Either Apple, or the Apple Model. Hardware >> Software >> Support. All from one manufacturer. FYI: dig is not an 'OSX tool' its part of bind from ISC, it's a standard UNIX tool for looking up DNS information. Just a pet peeve of mine. The man who controls the press, controls the speech. Twitter undeniably controls the press in this case - they can do whatever they feel like. One thing that this article missed out on: Prior to 1984 Business telephone users cross subsidized Residential users, both thru higher local access rates, and higher LD rates. I'm not surprised. Everytime I see a webapp like this, I always wonder to myself "where's the click". I dont see a future for SaaS that is not targeted at people directly forking money over for it. I found the initial valuation questionable to start out with. But its clear to me, Zuckerberg is more interested in long term growth of his company than he is any short term profitability goals. I think Facebook may well be a great stock to hold over decades - but not for months or weeks, as the current market seems to think in.