Disregard normal life. Work on your startup. My mom is a hacker too. She hacked her own gmail account the other day by recovering her password, she even had to remember the name of her first pet! Its kinda hard to hear the presenter, but otherwise thanks for the stream! I'm very curious about the differences you think exist between the two services regarding ethics. He says he hardly notices it so I doubt it is somehow affecting his productivity... Yes it does. Click options, a little dropdown appears with "Cached, Similar and Mobile formatted" "My greatest concern was that I’d have to do a lot of installing and configuring before I could get anything meaningful done. All I wanted was a standard setup, and to not derail focus from my work." And yet he had the time to document the whole experience at the same time? Napster - 12 occurrences, Facebook - 10 occurrences, Spotify - 7 occurrences It will rock when I can have tabs in my explorer "He manages to offend common decency (...) and insult millions of Apple users simultaneously." I highly doubt that common decency as an abstract concept feels much offended. And even if it did, I am sure it would be able to sleep at night. As to Apple users, if they feel offended by the insult, I would advise them to watch this little clip http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cycXuYzmzNg The teamviewer guys must be a bit worried Been using gitweb with a custom theme by some dude ( https://github.com/kogakure/gitweb-theme ). This seems much cleaner and easy to use. When I have some time I'll probably switch over to this if it doesn't have any problems/bugs Looks awesome, gmail and other applications would benefit immensely from this instead of just trying to reconnect! I'm curious, there is a "money back guarantee" line on the site. How does this work for ebooks? I buy it and I can ask for my money back? How do I "return" the ebook? Is this usual for other electronic goods? (ie. software) Isn't it required to be at least 13 years old to have a google account? How does this affect the kids who want to use khanacademy? Are they forced to have a facebook account? EDIT: Actually, facebook also has a minimum age requirement of 13 ( https://www.facebook.com/help/?faq=210644045634222 ). Can't see how khanacademy missed that. I think this is a major flaw in their signup system. Should they (khanacademy) really be blocking every kid younger then 13? EDIT2: It seems like they address it here ( http://www.khanacademy.org/about/getting-started ) but their solution is having the parents create an account for the kids. I don't really think this is actually acceptable by facebook's terms of service though, not sure about google. See point 4 in https://www.facebook.com/terms.php That's only for people with Google Apps for Education (teachers)!! Also, if you are under 13 you can't use the site if you didn't sign up with google/facebook (which have their own weird under 13 rules) See "1. Eligibility" in ( http://www.khanacademy.org/about/tos ) EDIT: Also, I found out that youtube actually doesn't let anyone under 13 use their service, so I'm guessing you can't watch the videos either if you're under 13. See "12. Ability to Accept Terms of Service" in ( http://www.youtube.com/static?gl=US&template=terms ) I just found out the internet is just for people over 13... Stealing from a vending machine is now hacking? I guess a few of you could also find out that if someone left a window open you could get in their house and take a free TV, that would also show you the joy of "beating a system"... *Portuguese What sense of entitlement? She's only expressing that she would like to be easier and clearer. Are these not valid wishes? I did not interpret her text like you at all... Oh well Instead of sending a pass-phrase encrypted ZIP file via email or IM beyond auto-delete feature, you go to this website, input the information and share the URL with the person of choice. Man, finally somebody that doesn't install stuff on the screencast TL;DR People don't have common sense and make fools of themselves, then try to blame others. You are correct. He had a chart with the days of the week (columns) and virtues (rows). He would then note how many faults he had committed each day. He tried to perfect each virtue for some time before adding another, and would perform cycles of this system that lasted several weeks each. He later stopped doing it, claiming lack of time but he still saw much value in performing this task. You may find this in more detail in his book, which is reproduced here (I have pointed for the specific chapter): http://www.benjaminfranklinbiography.net/#IX How do you know with such certainty that what he wrote isn't what he thinks? I was under the impression that it is illegal to tear up money, is this the case in the US as well?