x86 branch predictors are not 60% correct... Any decent branch predictor is over 90% correct and I believe modern ones are over 96% correct. Where's the source? It's not that I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing, but I don't trust unsourced quotes from boingboing. Garbage collection isn't a very good solution. They're often implemented poorly (the only good one being Go's) and they're slow. Garbage collection also necessitates a runtime environment to keep track of the data. What is not smart about smart pointers? std::shared_pointer implements reference counting just as OP describes. Yeah I'm also considering shorting this as well. Having worked at a company that ate Atlassian software day and night, every single piece of software they have in their portfolio is a complete ugly mess. For every piece of software they have there's a better alternative that is cheap or free. I hate Jira completely. It is terrible. Best system I've seen is Pivotal Tracker. Oh thanks for that. I can now pass the test with 10/10 correctness. There's a noticeably louder noise floor in the 8bit sample that is really clear between the samples. It may help that I'm using over-ear closed headphones that have a really good seal and block most outside noise. Pachi isn't in the same league as AlphaGo. Pachi can't win at all against AlphaGo without handicap. With a 4 stone handicap Pachi only wins 1% of the time against AlphaGo. From the paper, no that's with "single machine AlphaGo" which is 48 CPUs and 8 GPUs. Distributed AlphaGo beats Single Machine AlphaGo 77% of the time. (Distributed AlphaGo being 1202 CPUs and 176 GPUs.) Yes. Many of these questions have been explored in AI fiction for many decades. Even right down to the titles, like the book "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep" which became "Blade Runner" for the movie version. Or "I, Robot" by Isacc Asimov. > Butter contains 3 % trans fats. _No_ it does not. Trans fats are a completely artificial creation originally thought to avoid weight gain because it's specifically _not_ butter. They don't exist naturally in any butter. The US government has basically declared "HTTPS/TLS Interception Considered Harmful". This is going to be interesting as all the major security load blanacer/appliances out there offer this as a standard service at this point. 1. Snooping on their internet banking is ILLEGAL for you to do and puts YOU in hot water. You realize you could be put out of business by lawsuits right? My main beef is if I try to look up any old movie ever, It's almost guaranteed to not be on Netflix. It's the first place I try and it fails every time. This is just price controls and fails for every other reason that price controls fails elsewhere. It puts the cost of drugs well above the market rate for such drugs in that country and opens the door for local producers to simply undercut. The long term effect of is this is that US sellers will essentially become galapagos companies that only sell to the US and you effectively create two markets. The end state is exactly where we're at now but only with the US bearing even more of the cost. Yes, the notable one I know of ULA (United Launch Alliance) doing a bunch of volunteered lay offs where they went around asking their old timers to see if they would be willing to go into retirement. I disagree. As a new coder when looking at a new language you don't know what's the same as what you're used to and what's different. Some things may be almost exactly the same but be slightly different. For example Python's division converts ints to floats in Python 3, for example. If you just leave out everything that's the same, the reader won't know what it's the same as. Also, the same compared to what? C? Everyone's first language is not the same. Most people I've met who work in security at large companies would rather lose their job than participate in the erasure of security for all. Apple showed this pretty obviously, but I think many companies would have most of their software engineers quit before accepting such a request, even if it was a direct order. The government cannot order you personally to write software, that's blatant first amendment violations, even if they figure out a way to order a company to do so. When politicians see one of their largest corporations disappearing over night, and the associated loss of world power and tax revenue, from engineers quitting vs a police force trying to force things like this... I think there will be some reconsidering that would happen. Oh please, can you even look at what you're saying? Please look at some numbers before stating such ridiculous things. > They're position seems to be that anything outside of your brain (5th amendment and all) should be available with a court order in a reasonable time and at reasonable cost. I'm looking forward to the first court cases that deal with somebody who implanted a memory chip into their body and are storing information in it (only accessible through a wirelessly sent password) that the court wants to access. Could the court order surgery to remove it. If enough of the core developers quit that puts a pretty huge dent in the company. Please illuminate me then. What is wrong with looking at pure causes of death? They bash it exactly because they don't understand it and they listen to whatever they read on Facebook that tells them why it is evil. Basic Economics education outside of University and even within University is strongly lacking in this country. We need mandatory personal finance/macro economics courses as part of high school. You should check out T-Mobile. They have free video streaming if you enable it, but it forcibly downgrades the video streams to no higher than 720p. That still sounds like much better than you have however.