Let it prove something first then we have something Not yet but in like 5 years yeah, pretty sure IPad Pro is faster than MacBooks just 3 years ago Don't try to please everyone What's a Quine Just use the normal git fallback command Oh, that's why it got shut down. Thanks What are they used for? A required part for a time machine?? Depends where you work, some will help you gradually learn new stuff. But if you are a contractor, you'd need to learn to keep up. That's why hey are paid more Tell me when there is actually a useful computer, otherwise it's all talk and no action I find if there is a big contrast in noises, say if the office is usually quiet and a coworker starts making noises, they are more distractive than if in a constantly noisy environment and a loud coworker makes noise. I would say the contrast is a huge factor as the article seem to suggest Docker SHALL NOT run databases in production, by design." You need to use external volumes Cease fire is used to buy time, most times both sides understands this I would just buy a good value stock that gets whacked and 2 days after trump wins, and hold for long. What infuriates me more is the people jumping to conclusion about their futures They use rubber gripper to spin each side and known algorithms to solve. The hard part is the speed of the visual recognition. Is methane from cows counted towards a deficit in the carbon trade? Because it's cumbersome-ness decreases usage Very nice coin term for just another deep learning method Weren't people still trying to adapt to angular 3? Last time I checked a week ago 3 of my friends brought a MacBook Pro as long time of users. So you got new users and so called "loyalist" leaves For learners, finishing matters because: 1. The learning you get from going thru whole cycle is valuable for next projects. Even if you release a few turds. Say you release an iOS app as a measure of finish. For veterans, finishing does not matter because: 1. If you see a piece a piece of turd and not able to say no to it, you will probably be wasting valuable time finishing to save face as the author may suggest. --- Is like in war, you need to know when to retreat, and cut losses(save your time and not finish). That's the perplexing part is when to retreat at the right time. They will be exported because the capital isn't readily available there to bring these ppl together in one place. Didn't want to read, at what temperature? Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. They are as secure as the words on that page that they wrote the security on. Can you really trust it?