My experience with several of my clients who are paying Google "Customers" proves to me, at least, that Google doesn't consider those who pay for their services "Customers" either. The Customers are Google's advertisers. Granted, my experience only goes up to around 300 seats of "paid for" service, but locating a support resource that didn't shunt me to a FAQ or send me back an automated email telling me that my ticket was closed was difficult. I've always felt like the switch statement's "break" behavior should have been the implicit case, with a statement to trigger fallthrough if you really wanted it. I wonder what percentage of the time fallthrough is actually desired in switch statements. I would assume it's wildly in the minority. The module certainly looks neat, but being designed to use the manufacturer's "secure, reliable, distributed internet service" makes it appear to be useless for disconnected applications. Not every application of Wifi involves networks connected to the Internet. We had a discussion about this over on Server Fault ( http://serverfault.com/q/111813/7200 ) and UFTP ( http://www.tcnj.edu/~bush/uftp.html ), UDT ( http://udt.sourceforge.net/ ), and Tsunami-UDP ( http://tsunami-udp.sourceforge.net/ ) all came up as viable open source offerings (along with FileCatalyst and Aspera in the commercial space). All this makes me think of is "In order to transmit the same amount of information on paper, they would have to arrange for a 747 cargo freighter packed with telephone books and encyclopedias to power-dive into their unit every couple of minutes, forever." I haven't looked at the release previews yet but I can only imagine. The antique-looking Windows 3.1 font control panel persisted into Windows 2000, so I can't believe that we'll be rid of the trappings of more recent versions of Windows anytime soon. I'm a little disappointed with the answers from Zypher (one of the Stack Exchange sysadmins) and Jeff Atwood. Particularly troublesome is Jeff's statement "If you have a 'man in the middle' then there are deeper problems, like, you're using a compromised network." I'd argue that it's appropriate, from a security architecture perspective, to treat the entire Internet as a "compromised network". Admittedly, my use-case for the Stack Exchange sites (specifically Server Fault) is a little different than most people's and I'm a lot more worried about "theft" of my "identity" there than most people would be. Still, though, I'd like to see the answer revisited in light of mid-2012 technology / costs. I suppose I should go post something over there... At least where I am, in the US, hosting your own services at home is all well and good until you become frustrated with the piddly upload bandwidth you get from your ISP and the potential of running afoul of transfer caps. Consumer acceptance of "personal clouds" isn't going to happen if using traditional "cloud services" is cheaper, faster, and more reliable. I don't see that story getting better anytime soon. My personal situation is much the same as yours and it works well for me, too. I question how well, however, it would work for someone who is more into creating media with their mobile phone than I am, or someone who wants to share data from their personal network with friends / family. I don't think it's a safe assumption that the only parties upstream from you are ISPs and TLA government agencies. If script kiddies are hacking major corporations I think it's a safe bet that ISPs are vulnerable, too. Your Stack Overflow "identity" may not be of great value, but it's worth keeping in mind that any cleartext traffic is vulnerable. Being cognizant of sending data over the Internet in cleartext is a good thing, to me. I sincerely hope that graceful "retirement" of these small satellites, especially if they fail to deploy properly, is being taken into account in their design. We've got enough orbital debris already. When the article quotes a company spokesperson saying "Even if 20% of them failed, you'd still do your mission..." I get antsy. Another product that obviously doesn't need to be Internet-connected to function but is (presumably to create a recurring revenue model for the manufacturer). A $250.00 retail price is too much, to me, to risk on a device that will be relegated to the junk heap once the back-end "cloud service" disappears after the manufacturer fails. In some jurisdictions it isn't possible for creators to disclaim all their rights. In those cases something like WTFPL (or, in a more tasteful manner, CC0) is necessary. The "pool of warm keep-alive connections to the main web servers" is still sending the traffic over HTTPS, then? Edit: I'm clear that latency is reduced and how that's accomplished. I just wanted to get clarification that the connections between the early SSL termination and the web servers was also encrypted, too. Wouldn't Ben have known that the manager wasn't conducting the mandatory "1:1" meetings with employees if Ben had regular "1:1" meetings with the next lower tier of management? The double standard irks me. Lead by example, not by intimidation. I'd agree w/ the "waste is good" thesis if not for the fact that, at least in the US, we're not really paying the true cost for the environmental impact associated with food production. Less waste would mean less food production and less environmental impact. Perhaps it's just me, but I've always felt like wasting anything that has scarcity-- food, water, etc-- is just a morally bad thing to do. Without judging the statement, I would say that there is a strong moral component to it. Here's a link to a note Dan wrote about the video being marked "private", as well as a link to some notes about the talk. http://lists.common-lisp.net/pipermail/pro/2011-April/000464... Using ActiveSync to access Exchange would probably be the best way to pull it off (though there are probably patent-related concerns). A lot of Exchange admins aren't going to like opening up IMAP, but nearly every Exchange installation today has ActiveSync enabled and exposed to the Internet. I'm always impressed by the PostgreSQL team. Personally, I'm excited about the range types and I can see immediate usefulness for them. My own applications aside, anything that helps developers create schemas that are better able to handle temporal data is a good thing. If the proposed HTTP REST API ( http://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/HTTP_API ) makes it into the product then the native JSON support is going to be even more useful. (I'm excited to see that there's an experimental attempt at it, too: https://github.com/bjornharrtell/postgresql-http-server ) I don't think there's a tone you can take that will make non-technical users understand that it's "not your fault". To the non-technical user your site is just down and, potentially, a service they're paying for is unavailable. I'd argue that such an outage _is_ your fault. If you're worried about Customer perceptions as a result of outages of third-party services your site relies on then, I'd argue, you need to have redundancy in your choice of third-party services. If it's important enough to worry about it should be important enough to spend some money on and do something about. If that drives up your costs then your product's cost, to your Customers, needs to reflect that. I agree w/ Mr. Atwood's assessment that people are, have always been, and will continue to be the weak point. I strongly disagree w/ his statement that no attackers still attempt frontal assaults. Thinking that way promotes a dangerous complacency, not unlike the complacency that I see created after a company spends a large sum to install some security product. "Now that we have product we are 'secure'!" In my work I continue to see Internet-facing machines with shockingly poor security posture in companies large enough to "know better". Those vulnerabilities are, of course, still "people problems" at their heart (sysadmins who end-run good security process, developers who won't allow patches to be installed, etc) and they're still out there en masse. This leaves a goodly number of Windows XP machines at one of my K-12 educational Customers unable to use Google Apps effectively. I suspect many other public schools will be in the same boat. Chrome has design eccentricities that make it interact w/ some Windows management functionality (redirected "Application Data" folders, specifically) in a very suboptimal manner (maintaining 10MB+ of files in each user's redirected AppData folder is a problem on a server hosting 3,000 users' folders). Installing Chrome on the Windows XP machines isn't a slam-dunk. I suspect we'll just have to bite the bullet and use Chrome while, simultaneously, giving up functionality in Windows to do it. Yeah. 30GB of rather expensive SAS-based storage on a SAN. After having operating levies fail and seeing state funds radically cut we're pinching every penny we can. Every little bit helps. I'd love to use something like ZFS to handle this storage, at which point this wouldn't be an issue, but I have to work under the constraint that various teachers acting as Windows admins need to be able to manage the servers. More money would solve this problem for me. Money aside, it's galling that the developers aren't building for the enterprise deployment case. I WANT to run Chrome _badly_ in corporate environments but it's not engineered for my use-case.