Android in C? I thought it was Java. Jedber will be missed. I disagree. A research, when begins is independent of its beneficiary. That's why scientific progress cannot be charted. It's surprising that came from Bill Gates. Scientists work to solve problems, to unearth secrets of nature, to create things, not to solve needs of the poor. That is the consequence of their research. sid_cool1234@yahoo.co.in Microsoft Excel is a big win for me. I wish it does. That's the Microsoft way, not Google. How do we know this is for legit? The sad fact is nothing in this can be believed. All this is strategically too complex. Thanks, this is a wonderful article. How? Wow, most on HN are not action oriented? I find this blog post utterly stupid. It's a pseudo-idealistic view of the world. Google created a programming language as their vision of how language should be. They did not create Google Wave for ads. That's how Google works, they experiment, and if it's accepted they work out a business model for it. I cannot speak for Twitter or Facebook, but Google, I am pretty sure, that's the case. Sorry Mr. Dave Copeland, I differ. The worst thing you can do to convince a naysayer is providing logic and reasoning. They are naysayers for a reason, rationalism simply eludes them. Talk about some rubbish pride and take a middle ground. Let them win a bit, it kinda pampers their ego. Modularise Abstract Code, test, revise, functional test, Load test, Performance test Peer testing Comment Simple is beautiful I think that many databases will have to update the values. And yeah, if someone has hardcoded UI values, they will have to change as well. This sucks, the country cannot do this. We have to allow for peaceful protests. That's a communist view ;) This is an important service for businesses like Groupon. I suggest creating a scoring app, say for baseball or basketball or cricket. You need to enter the player names and then start scoring with simple tricks. The real creativity is in how easy you make the scoring app. I know there will be existing apps, the challenge is in making it easy to use. This isn't Reddit. You would be enshrined there. This is Hacker news and jokes are not welcome. We talk in language of Math and hrefs. This is wonderful. Thanks. Try emailing LulzSec. This in interesting. Last time FB held the conference they introduced the Social Graph....