The code is pretty damn ugly (but then, most emulator code is), and the project is pretty much dead, seeing that the latest commit is from 2010. Why is this on here again? Doesn't make it fake; iirc the article doesn't state the diamonds being of gemstone quality / purpose. There does happen to be at least one operating system that supports this: Windows. ^___^ Actually, nobody likes pushy sales staff, ever. Yes, my main grievance with git add -p as well; someone fix this. But Chrome - and any sensible browser, really - will scale down JS execution on pages not in the foreground; you can see this in for example Piecon ( http://lipka.github.com/piecon/ ), which will only update the favicon in your background tab bar at half the speed (if that). Well, that's one point where Javascript should - and will! - improve, modularization. At the moment there is no default dependency framework - you can't say 'my module X depends on modules Y and Z'. Well, not by default anyway; there's CommonJS's modules, AMD, and in Javascript Harmony another 'standardized' module framework. I personally use requireJS in a rather large Backbone project, and it works remarkably well. "Dude Backbone only works for trivial examples, and even then, and I mean, even with trivial examples, Backbone is almost useless." I disagree. Backbone is a structuring framework; if you can't make it work with bigger projects, you're doing it wrong. In fact, true silence will make you insane. See: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sensory_deprivation Can't find the article right now, but they once put people in a completely soundproof room; their minds started to make up sounds and increased their hearing sensitivity to the point where they could hear their own muscles move. I believe the longest one lasted 45 minutes. I would imagine that exposing yourself to noise (on high volume?) 18 hours a day would cause permanent hearing damage. Squid? Cthulhu. I kinda disagree; if your comments, observations etc don't JUMP OUT AT YOU READ THIS THIS IS IMPORTANT!1one, they're not important, apparently. This also goes for other people's code, really. There is often a difference between code and comments, which causes people to read the code instead of the comments. However, one cause is that comments don't draw the attention because they're often in a dimmed, 'this is not important' color scheme - the other is that there's too much comments that don't add value to the code. You could select it and get a good highlighted color. Nobody's stopping you from installing Git alongside Mercurial; even if you're not going to use it on a day to day basis, things like sublime text themes and whatnots are easily installed with a git clone. Depends. Apparently, 80%* of applicants can't do fizzbuzz right. *: random figure Which algorithms, what implementations thereof? > edit: The funniest result of being a quick typist is that I use copy+paste less than I did a few years ago. Often the context switch between typing and selecting is too much work and it's quicker to just type things twice. Same for me, ish; I often find myself just using backspace and retyping the last few words if I find a typo a few words back, as opposed to reaching for the mouse and redoing just that word, or using the keys to go back. Going four words back is usually a matter of alt + left-left-left, alt-backspace, re-type, but still I find myself just deleting the last couple words and retyping it. I learned to touch type with the home row thing, but I never find my fingers really going back to the home row, they just go to the next letter that needs to be typed. I guess with experience comes automatism, which in my case doesn't always involve going back to the home row after typing a letter. Or something. o rly? I, and probably the other 'fast' typists here, type a lot faster than they can talk - plus, almost nobody can 'speak' perfectly, so corrections - even if assuming the speech-to-text converter has a 100% accuracy rate - will be very frustrating. A better system would be a thought-to-sane-text conversion. But I doubt that'll ever be possible, :p. Well on the one hand it is brain activity - games and code excite the brain, and it can't simply click shut off and sleep. On the other hand, it's light - the light from your computer screen goes straight into your eyes and to your brain, that tells you "IT'S STILL DAY". The brain / eyes need darkness / dusk to start producing melatonin, the sleep molecule. So, turn off your screens, don't look at mobile phones, and if possible turn the TV off too, or at the very least dim them to the lowest brightness setting at least an hour before attempting to go to sleep, preferably two. Software like f.lux will help too; studies show that white/blue lights will wake you up, while red, warm colors will make you sleepier. f.lux will make the screen a nice warm, soft red after sundown, mimicking natural sundown (while making it brighter / 'colder' during the day, keeping you awake while you work). 6 = ????? 7 = PROFIT Self-service indicates that staff income is high; it's either self-service, or increase prices to the customers, which in turn lowers availability of the service and overall lowers income. etc. This post, as well as others, just again highlights the 'to each his own' truth; some people prefer silence, some prefer noise. As an employer, if they care about noise when it comes to a working environment, this must be a very hard thing to balance / get right. More hours does not equal higher productivity. Working for six hours on a single commit (as the poster indicates) means the commit is far, far too large. Unless he means 'feature', then it's okay. And yet, with clear indication that certain areas are quiet zones, people and organizations should be able to rely on the common decency of people. People will in 99% of cases respect any 'no smoking' signs without enforcement from a 'shusher', so why not the 'be quiet' signs?