>Voila, you have basically got bitpay. Yeah because their service can be reduced to 100 lines of code. Infrastructure, support, all the services they provide anyone could mimic with 100 lines of code, right? That's nonsense. All credit to bitpay for pushing the envelope towards mainstream adoption of Bitcoin. Don't listen to those people. Vim was very much worth the initial learning curve, for me at least. I never really used Sublime that much, so I can't speak for it. Maybe it gives you 80% of vim's productivity for 1/4th of the effort, but make no mistake, vim is an absurdly powerful tool which I'm 99% sure beats Sublime out of the water (though, again, I never got deep into Sublime, so take this with a grain of salt). Oh and the learning curve thing is greatly exaggerated, often by vim users themselves, seeking to brag to everyone about how they mastered the "fearsome learning curve of vim". The fact that that doesn't translate to actual benefits in metrics such as happiness or healthcare or income equality just goes to show how little raw money actually means. Correct me if I'm wrong, but the point of the guy you were arguing with in that thread was that the Ax standard was defined in terms of SI units as the US imperial units are? The very same thing happened in Portugal, where the Ministry of Education's guidelines for gauging teacher performance included taking the mean of a test graded in percentage points with another evaluation on a 1 to 5 scale.. by adding them and dividing by two! Made even more embarrassing by the fact that the Minister is a mathematician. Not that I disagree with you, but illustrating your point by comparing a madly cost-effective ASIC today to a madly overpriced PC several years old is a bit misleading. Why does it break the torrent model? Does it rely on having a "randomized" block download order? I know all that. My point is that in order to make a fair comparison you might as well compare an ASIC with a your point still stands the same . There is absolutely no need to fudge up the numbers because ASICs outclass general purpose hardware by orders of magnitude anyway. It's dishonest and with absolutely no need for it. As an aside, my 2 year old laptop gets 20MH/s and a latest-generation desktop CPU gets close to 100MH/s. If it stands across the board, all the more reason not fudge up by using an overpriced dated laptop as comparison instead of a recent desktop for instance. It would even illustrate the point better (even your "gaming" grade desktop will be orders of magnitude less efficient than a specialized ASIC). Funny how the superfluous Caps Lock key gets replaced with a search key. The point is that that vs doesn't even make sense. It's like saying what wheel is your favorite in your car, the front left or the rear left. Arguing for calculus vs linear algebra is equally stupid. They are different branches of mathematics with different domains of application. If you were looking to become a programmer, maybe you shouldn't have majored in chemstry, where strong Calculus foundations make perfect sense :) About your last paragraph, I would say that that is even more important to optimize and to make low level layers for than graphical game engines (believe it or not :)). The thing is while gaming is seen as a "performance critical" application, where it is natural to want the maximum performance to be squeezed out of your hardware, Web development is just a behemoth of inefficiency, and we think that that is the norm , an inevitable drawback of developing for the web, an inescapable trait of web applications. Web apps are dozens or even hundreds of times slower than native applications, and we think nothing of it, because it seems to be an inherent characteristic of the web about which we can't do anything. Your comment made me reconsider that. Maybe it doesn't have to be so. What if there was a Vulkan for the web, instead of the layers upon layers of inefficiency which are all the rage these days? What if I could run a medium complexity web page or app without it bogging my computer several times harder than a comparable native app? With a built-in encryption layer (on top of eventual HTTPS) it could be a useful "hack" for the kinds of situations mentioned in the readme. I wonder how facebook and the telecos will feel about this. All in all, a cool concept but unlikely to work in practice if either facebook or the telecos do not want to. I don't know the specifics about how the surveilance is implemented, but embedding encrypted payload in benign files is a neat idea to bypass internet censorship, at least in principle. Don't forget about Bitcoin. Wait, there's a fee to withdraw money from ATMs? Never heard of such a thing. Interesting concept, but some video of the results is missing. There's absolutely no reason to go on that kind of rant. We all know that. What the parent post was referring to was only the inflation due to the cost of living in developer hubs like SF. Truly a down-to-earth man. It would be easy for a person in his position to have fame and money go up to is head. But all the man wants to do is read books and play chess. Maybe more of us should be like him. Can you elaborate on what exactly do you do with it, and how? Why so? Why does it hit the middle earner? The fact that families with incomes under 125k pay no tuition doesn't mean that families in a higher income bracket get hindred. In fact, "Families with incomes at higher levels, typically up to $225,000, may also qualify for financial assistance, especially if more than one family member is enrolled in college. Financial aid offers vary by family, but the financial aid expansion for 2015-16 will allow Stanford to reduce the expected parental contribution for many families at these higher income levels." The Chromebit is probably the most exciting thing in that post for me. I wonder if it'll be this time that a company gets the plug-n-play PC right. I remember the big promises Ubuntu Phone, for example, made in this department. This measure is bullshit. Wasn't personal computing ubiquitous for two decades now?