I didn't read the article, but did read a book about twenty five years ago. My take away was that the big deal with genetic algorithms is they work without much/any domain specific knowledge. That is one of the great underpinning of biological evolution. However the European monetary union isn't a union like you see in the US or other huge countries. In the US we have probably 100-200 billion a year in transfer payments. Automatic stabilizers like social security and unemployment insurance, etc. And then we have a true central banking system Bank in Florida goes under, it's not Florida's problem it's the Federal Reserves problem. If a state isn't able to use currency exchange rates to control in flow and out flow of money then you need these types of things to keep the system stable. Europe doesn't. So you are indeed right about not being able to pick and choose. You can't take control of a counties currency away from them without guaranteeing that the central bank and government will have their back economically. In c often I use underscores to deal with lack of name spaces and or classes. As in Module_FunctionName() I think my point is dereferencing a pointer address zero is 'undefined' but here is the rub, what happens is entirely out of the optimizer and compilers control because it depends on the context that the program is run under. One can't determine at compile time what will happen. In fact the compiler can't make any assumptions about a pointer whose value has been hard coded. uint8_t b = (uint8_t ) 0x30; // 0x30 is the address of PORT D on an AVR Atmega8 It's up to the author to show us this mythical compiler. I read a really good comment by I think Nolan Bushnell about engineers. He said said he got asked all the time about how to avoid hiring unproductive engineers. And he said he found that baffling. Because an unproductive engineer just costs the company their salary. More important is ferreting out and eliminating negatively productive managers, engineers, and technicians in that order. Algorithms? Why would you care if a programmer knows the details unless that's the job. More important is how they approach and attack a problem. Sometimes a half broken shell script is fine. Or leveraging a database because even though slow an inefficient it will do it right. Half the secret to success is... Um.. seriously just watch this video and you'll know it's truth. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5LiQcY0bqk Listen, and understand! That Ellisonator is out there! It can't be bargained with. It can't be reasoned with. It doesn't feel pity, or remorse, or fear. And it absolutely will not stop, ever, until you give it money. If the wind decided to blow to the south instead of the normal westerly, Tokyo would be uninhabitable. Also same subduction fault that the earthquake was on runs down the coast off shore of Tokyo. Seriously the only thing that save the Japaneses butts was the wind blew most of the radiation offshore. I call those tests the airplane test. say you need to hire an airplane designer and you know d*ck all about aircraft design. You have two candidates both that tell you they have a new design being flow this week. So you go and watch, Candidate A's aircraft trundles down the runway and then crashes and burns. Candidate B's takes to the air and then lands. Candidate A could be a smooth talker and Candidate B could sound like a stuttering loon but B is the choice. Yeah but that doesn't explain the decline in forcible rape in the US from 1970 to present. I'm remembering at least some versions of basic were pass by reference for all types. I've done some stuff in .net. One of the advantages is the learning curve is pretty fast. So it's not a huge investment. The flip side is it seems a lot of .net jobs are sausage making. Not very much in the way of cutting edge or exciting stuff gets done in .net. Though too cutting edge often is crash and burn, where run of the mill projects can last years and years. (Don't knock a steady paycheck) I would say two months straight of serious study and practice would be more than enough to solidly know your way around the language, .net libraries and tools. Buy a good book. I don't actually do client side (or server side stuff) as primary work. However .net is very useful for kicking out simple GUI based tools. If you want to do that, .net has the fastest learning curve end of story. One of the things I noticed in school and later working is a lot of people excel when the problem is spoon fed to them. When the constraints and and desired answer are very mechanical. As it gets fuzzier, a lot of people even 'smart' people start having real issues. And you see the usual cognitive blockers kick in. 'frustration, fear, anger' Meaning, the usual academic problem where you are given the inputs, and only the inputs you need, and a desired solution, doesn't actually match up that well with real world problems. The other thing I've seen is a _lot_ of formally trained engineers are motivated by puzzles. Once they've solved it, all the other things that apply to the real world, like deadlines, shipping projects, making customers happy, and making money for the company are not the least amount interesting to them. And those schools are nothing but quantity theory of money cargo cultists or worse, gold bugs. That problem with you, is your so reflexively focused on government debt that you can't get your head around the fact that most of the Southern countries in trouble DIDN'T HAVE LARGE GOVERNMENT DEFICITS. They had large and growing public debt most of it related to borrowing to buy private assets. And unsupportable wage inflation. Go look it up, the governments of Italy, Spain, etc except for Greece weren't borrowing beyond their means. What they were suffering from was out of control inflows of cash. Inflows of cash in a country with it's own currency tends to be self limiting, because as money flows in the exchange rate adjusts making investments less attractive. (A country with a well run central bank will actively adjust the exchange rate to prevent the inevitable panic and flight that happens at the end of a bubble, or you have a bubble and it sucks for a while) Part of the problem with the Euro is weaker member countries can't control the flow of capital into and out of the country. Yet they are on the hook for the mal effects that result. This is wrong. There is actually an acceptable number of hours, it's somewhere near the number of hours you can work without burning out. For me that is about 5-7 hours a day. Two things I remember, one was an old guy talking about working in a windshield factory, where they made windshields for cars. They had a line. While he was working their they sped it up by 25% and management was happy happy joy joy. The workers were getting run ragged though and after a few weeks the defect rate started creeping up. After a few months the defect rate was so high that they were producing less finished product than when the line speed was slower. Took another year for the plant manager to get fired and bring in a guy who turned the line speed back down. The other is the first place I worked their were two younger coders and they were being flogged to work 9-10 hours days, basically being given unreasonable deadlines. After a few years they burned out and the company fired them. Twenty years later both of them are still damaged. I did some of the same, hurt my wrist, which is still a little messed up. After that I decided I didn't care I was going to work as much as I though possible and that's that. You only have so many hours a day. Instead of using yourself up, concentrate really hard on not wasting your time. Me, I've never been fired for not working enough hours. Not a game programmer but, impression I get is a number of games use interpreted languages as glue. Certainly sound to me like thee is a dichotomy between must run fast at all costs, and must be flexible speed matters not at all. I think game programming is an area where a high percentage of the code base needs to run fast, even if it's not run very often. If it causes the frame rate to slip, the user is going to notice. In my case, embedded, optimizing for size is everything. And usually only a very small portion of the code needs to run fast. One problem that people are running into with optimizing compilers is with embedded often you are interested in the physical side effects of your code, not it's mathematical end state. Optimizing compilers are increasing not respecting the former in preference to the latter. That reminds me of a window forms program I wrote for a customer, I added the ability to do a right click, add comment to pretty much anything on the forms and controls. Getting that input simplified a lot of things. For one the context of what the user was complaining about was usually utterly obvious. Sometimes a comment was a bug report. Or a feature request. Or just fixing my poorly written help docs. An of course plain C does not have 'objects' and a _lot_ of architectures have stuff mapped at address 0x0 Oddly enough I'm looking at the source for a command line tool, written in C# that runs under windows, but I need it to run under linux. I have to say, the two best things that happened to language design in the last fifteen years was. 1. Sun sued Microsoft for trying to improve Java. And so Gates went out and hired the guy that designed Turbo Pascal and Delphi to head up C# development. Because of course java and it's libraries are completely unsuitable for desktop development. 2. Oracle bought Sun and suddenly every company that absolutely cannot tolerate being Larry Ellison's b.. started investing in in-house programing languages. All those big companies have spent oodles of money on making sure Larry can't drink their milkshake. NAnyway as a sometime C#/.net code slopper I welcome Microsoft tossing their hat in ring. Seriously Linux and iOS seriously needs these tools. Where I get twitchy is the practice of coding has changed a lot since Knuth made that quote. Optimizing code in that era typically made it brittle and hard to reason about. Pre-optimizing meant continuously painting yourself in a corner. I used to think about it as like a seamstress sewing a dress, she doesn't start out sewing nice neat tight stitches, that's for later. Once she knows she's not going to have to rip the seams apart again. Some optimizations don't matter anymore. Back in the hoary old days pointers in C were faster than indexed arrays. Not anymore. But people still assume it's worth it. Twenty years ago, you paid a serious price for unaligned accesses. Not any more. Yet compilers still rigorously align data in memory. Which might actually make things slower. As the follow on poster said, make the code clean and easy to reason about. People often like to think they are writing code like the big boys, where it'll get used by vast number of people. Much like a lot of hardware designers design stuff as if they are going to make millions of units. 99% of the time that's not true. Thus the NRE costs totally dominate. The deal is the people chartered with the task of providing an accurate timebase are failing to do so because they are adding and subtracting arbitrary units of time. So if you actually need a monotonic timebase, you can't get it without having a human diligently subtracting leap seconds at random times. The proper thing to do is to generate a proper monotonic timebase and then publish a separate offset with microsecond or better resolution. Thus people that need monotonic time are happy and people that want to set the wall clocks are happy. Also seriously, leap seconds suck as an offset because a second is a huge amount of time for many applications. This is good dating advice too. First comment about employers treating a coworker badly. It's a good general rule, if someone does something nasty to someone else, stick around and they'll do it to you too.