This is interesting. Do you know whether he has native IPv6 connectivity or is using a tunnel? A few months ago, I tried using HE's IPv6 tunnel from China. It connected, but did not enable me to access blocked sites. This. It depends if the blocking is at the content owners end, or somewhere in between. This method didn't work in China last time I tried. The article mentions one drawback of VPNs: if you're using one to access the wider internet (rather than a specific LAN), then it's likely that all of your traffic goes through it. One effective way around this, at least for those using VPNs in China, is to create a set of static routes forcing your in-country connections to go directly. This python program gets a list of China IP ranges from APNIC, and creates a shell script with a list of route commands: https://github.com/jimmyxu/chnroute The legal jurisdiction and/or technical location of the service might be a country with a transparent government, but how would you know that the service isn't owned or operated by a government entity from some other country? The latency B C doesn't inform you about the latency difference between A B and A C. The traffic may take different routes on its way from A, depending on peering arrangements and traffic conditions. Real-life example: I live in China, and passing traffic through a VPN in Singapore to which I have low latency can speed up (lower latency and better bandwidth) connections to some hosts. Ping times from my domestic ADSL connection to that host are about 90ms because they have direct peering with PCCW. Other hosts in Singapore can be 200ms or more away, even though all of them are Why is it awful? Reading the original announcement ( http://www.pbc.gov.cn/publish/goutongjiaoliu/524/2013/201312... ), three things seems clear: 1) People may buy Bitcoins if they like. 2) People may sell Bitcoins if they like. 3) Banks may not sell Bitcoins as they are not 货币 (money). 4) Products offered for sale may not be priced in Bitcoin, as it is not 货币。 As far as I'm aware, no large ecommerce sites in China display prices in anything other than CNY, and none accept anything other than CNY (cash, bank transfers, bank-issued payment cards, CNY-denominated vouchers). If I could pay for things online using Bitcoin, maybe I (and others in China) would start keeping some Bitcoin in an online wallet, in the same way we currently keep some money in 支付宝 (Alipay). From there, it would be easy to slide into mass speculation, which seems to be what the government doesn't want. I feel thankful to be in Beijing. The AQI (air quality index) is only 202 (very unhealthy) here right now. Yes, the same system is used in mainland China. Apart from 4 and 5, you can kind of see the link between the written form of the number and the hand signal: 1, 2, 3: obvious because 一二三 6: the thumb and pinky make up the bottom part of the character 六 7: If you look at your own right hand upside-down when making the gesture, the bird's head points in the same direction as the 七 8: Your thumb and index finger are the two lines in 八 9: Your index finger is the second stroke in 九 I don't know whether this is coincidental, or even just my imagination... If you're doing accounting (backward-looking financial reporting) you should look at amortised cost. If, on the other hand, you're making a decision about whether or not to mine, then you care only about marginal (cash) costs. If you already paid for your hardware (or already committed to paying for it), then there's zero additional cost, unless (i) there are significant maintenance costs or, more likely (ii) you could recoup some of the cash by selling the equipment if you stop mining. I'm ignoring time value of money, and also the drop in the resale value of the equipment. (Deliberately avoiding the work 'depreciation' here as the accounting meaning the every day meaning confuse the issue.) It may well maximise expected value for a would-be founder, but that may not map to the founder's implicit utility function. Imagine you have two options: Option A: 100% chance of receiving $1 billion Option B: 50% chance of receiving $0; 50% chance of receiving $4 billion The expected value of A is $1bn. The expected value of B is $2bn. However, most people I know would choose option A, although it has the lower expected value. I saw 'streaming' in the title and assumed you were going to use Flask's support for streaming ( http://flask.pocoo.org/docs/patterns/streaming/ ). It allows you to send an HTTP response gradually, using a Python generator. It's useful when: 1) You cannot know the whole response at the time of the request (e.g. streaming news updates). 2) It's computationally expensive to calculate the whole response, and you don't want to make the user wait and/or calculate something that ends up not being used (e.g. if the user cancels the request). 3) You want to save bandwidth. If I were streaming music to you, and allowed you to switch tracks whenever you wanted, then I might not want your browser to start downloading the entire track (faster-than-real-time) when you click play. If I did, and you only listen to half-songs, then I would use twice as much bandwidth. I could release in shorter chunks and put a sleep or something before the yield in the generator function. Nice! Small typo on home page: 'When you _clik_ the Search button' s/Highest/The/g There should be only once price at which the property will change hands. Any less, and there would be competing buyers. Any more, and the buyer may have more attractive purchase options. This assumes that it's not a fire-sale, and that the property isn't a unique must-have asset, i.e. that your 'no compulsion to transact' condition is satisfied. It's possible to block ads using squid proxy with squidguard. Although less effective than AdBlock, and requiring a little more effort to get started, it does work. I'm curious whether anyone on HN does this for themselves and, if so, is your squid server at home, on a VPS, or somewhere else? From the linked article: "...permit merchants to surcharge credit cards at both the brand level (i.e., Visa or MasterCard) and at the product level (i.e., different kinds of cards, such as consumer cards, commercial cards, premium cards, etc.)" The last time I dealt with a bank for a merchant account (in the UK), there were only two tariffs: one for debit cards, and another for credit cards. (We accepted only Visa/MC.) The sentence above suggests that the fee structure differs among credit cards. Can anyone share their experience of paying different rates for Visa vs. MC and, in particular, different rates for different credit cards from a single network? Thank you. Page 4 of that doc makes it much clearer. It seems like the fees paid to the issuer of a Visa credit card can vary by up to ~1% dependent on the scheme. One more question: when you say 'interchange plus pricing', is the 'plus' uniform across all transactions (i.e. the same $ or the same % or the same %+$)? The study compared credit cards and cash. I suspect the difference is related more to the _card_ aspect than to the _credit_ aspect, as the former takes away the 'did I bring enough cash with me' issue. "McDonald's found that the average transaction rose from $4.50 to $7.00 when customers used plastic instead of cash." I have a certain amount of money in my pocket. If the bill is higher than that amount, I will definitely pay by card. If it's lower, than I'll choose card or cash. So, even if the card/cash choice had no impact on my spending patterns, you would expect my cash transactions to have a lower average value. Not really relevant to the main discussion, but directly counter to your comment "Nobody rents a house and then go around using the word "own" and "buy" when describing their access to the house.": In the UK, we have a situation which appears strange to most people when they first come across it: the vast majority of flats (apartments) are 'sold' on a leasehold basis. An individual or company may own the freehold (the building and the ground below), whilst the 'owners' of the individual flats have 99-year or 150-year leases. The freeholder collects annual ground rent (maybe 200-300 GBP per year per flat) and is reimbursed for costs of managing the building (e.g. for building insurance, repainting common areas etc.). I may 'own a flat' but in reality my right to occupy it has an expiry date. (I realise you referred to 'house' rather than 'flat'.) Which place is that? How does shady accounting help the business/owner survive? By evading taxes? How so? I have a T-mobile Sim for visiting the US. The plan is 2USD per day for unlimited calls and 2G-speed data, and I only top up the amount I need each trip (11 days means I top up 22USD). If I were to get new SIM card each time I went the cost would be similar, if I were able to get a free sim (with no credit) or more if they don't have a free sim offer at the time. Is there some deal with new sims of which I'm not aware? They _do_ know better (i.e. they know you use it for filtering) and that's why they don't accept it. I don't like it either, but it's a reasonable choice for them to make. I presume you mean the SMTP RFC standards. If so, then it would be unreasonable to respond with 501 (Syntax error in parameters or arguments), just because they don't like your email address format or TLD. However, if I'm offering a service and collecting email addresses as part of that service, my mail form could do additional validation (e.g. I might not want to collect email addresses from the UK ( .co.uk) or from .edu or from people with 'john' in their email address. I'm not violating an RFC with my email form, which may provide some benefit (e.g. stop fake email addresses, reject customers I don't care about) at the expense of losing/angering some other customers. That's a business question, not a standards issue. (BTW - I've never restricted email addresses on a form in this way, but can empathise with those who do) I'm curious: did you lose any emails when you turned off catch-all? I would like to turn off catch-all, but I receive a lot of (mostly automated) email to various addresses, and I don't want to set up a long list of email aliases. Try searching Google for http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/6707013a-67af-11e3-8ada-00144... If you click through from Google, you will probably see the article text.