Medium skilled men are coders. High skilled men are coders. ... High skilled women are coders. Selection bias. Just wanted to point out the humblebundle for Pathfinder role playing game. Super cheap,get all the materials What about the energy it takes to grow one human? What babble. So much is wrong with that article, I don't know where to begin. The only thing right was the signing away of copyright is bunk. It feels like its almost a fear/adversion to completion. Weird question..Do you tend to fail to shut doors all the way? Sorry. Not impressed. My reaction was based on several reactions 1. I heard more convincing music composed by AI a decade ago. 2. It suffers from the same pointlessness that seems to plague these attempts: Disjointed, monotonous, doesn't go anywhere. 3. The exercise did not place itself in the context of other approaches to AI music compodituon. I apologize for my rudeness and brevity. Unfortunately Opera just wants to sell your web history. To sell your web history themselves. Just to sell All your web history themselves. Wow Cool. It would be cool to pair it with a visualization so I can get a sense of how the sound and the classic Mandelbrot fractal shape correspond...if they do. Just want to say that it is incorrect to say that cognitive scientits dont talk about awareness of mental models, or awareness if mental processes. It is a field callee meta-cognition....and its a really cool field...and the phenomena are measureable. Cool article though. This article is poorly thought out clickbait. Few cognitive scientists think about cognition the way that is being suggested, anf the suggested replacement is next to useless. I study the neuroscience of episodic memory. Episodic memory requires one shot learning critically dependent on the hippocampus which is posited to use operations of pattern separation (to reduce intereference for distinct memories with similar features) and completion ( retrieve whole from partial input of features) to encode and retrieve bound representations, respectively. Prior to the hippocampus are operations that detect feature novelty in the perirhinal cortex. In contrast to these functions is the slow learning of the neocortex which supports semantic memory. Episodic and semantic memory funcions are intertwined in a complex way. Seems to my mind that deep learning is the cortex, and the binding function is the hippocampus. Add some executive control functions to guide learning strategically and it will start sounding eery. require JavaScript? is this real? Interesting derivation, but why not Receiver Operator Characteristics(ROC)? In recognition memory research we often collect confidence ratings on a 6-point scale for yes/no decisions, for example, and plot ROC curves, and calculate d' discrimination scores. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Receiver_operating_character... Or am I missing something. This is the field of meta-cognition in cognitive psychology I disagree about the songs creep and smells like teen spirit being generic. These were exceptionallu crafted pop songs that expressed heart wrenching emotion. Nothing like the typical pop song at all. BASIC INCOME Being poor is hard. There is no flexibility to be nimble around hardships or mistakes. Its easy to make money if you have money. But try to start a business with no backup funds.or credit line? The first time your vehicle breaks down can put your business in a death cycle. You can't disprove a null, just fail to reject the null. Failing to find the Higgs would not have provided evidence that the Higgs did not exist. As someone who is trying to educate himself on concepts in machine learning, I appreciated the 101 overview on gradient descent optimizations. I love how most of the approaches to these optimizations are relatively straightforward, conceptually, to understand, even if their implementations and rigorous proofs will require more work to get through. The ability to destroy outpaces the ability to create and preserve. Destruction is inevitable. When the ability of the rogue group or individual can slaughter millions, pervasive monitoring may be the only path avoiding extinction, without giving up on technological advancement. These are two hypotheses,despite my strong libertarian leanings, that I find difficult to reject.