I think it is interesting to hear from the other side of the fence every so often, but the proposed plan is sub-optimal. I would like to suggest what I think is a better model. The "Sampo solution" to licensing (each foundry holds a page listing which domains are allowed to use a font) is frankly unworkable. Imagine if helvetica was licensed this way - on every web page more or less. Every time a browser visited a new domain it would need to download a very big file from a foundry website (there are how many domains? What does a ten million line file cost to download on a mobile?). And what about the TTL for that list, make it a week and every browser around the world needs to download it all again. Even Google would sag under that kind of load. The first idea that comes to mind is to just replace the "root table" with a y/n call - here is my webpage, here is the font name, can i use it. This does not really solve the problem - it reduces traffic sure, but the issue is that if i visit domain x I automatically need to visit another domain, that may or may not be available. Its inelegant, its inefficient and its insecure. The web would effectively 'not work' if a big foundry said 'no to all'. And that is a big ransom demand to put in anyones hands. And I strongly suspect there is a really powerful cross-site scripting vulnerability sitting in there. It also works against the foundries - the solution decides the licensing. There is just one kind of license - per domain. No sophistication, no negotiation. What if you only want to license your font for my mobile readers. What if you want to license it for the first 100,000 views for free as a taster, then stick it to me. What if everyone hosted on rackspace servers gets it. The technology should limit the business options as little as possible. Ok, what do you suggest then ? I prefer a slightly more network-friendly solution. There are not that many foundries (certainly orders of magnitude less than domains) so it is quite feasible for them all to put public root certificates in browsers, or at worst run shared CAs. The technology is already there for SSL. Then each website who wants to license a .wtf (great name!) file pays their money and gets a signed (hashed) license file which sits next to robots.txt. The browser downloads the web page, the font and then decrypts the license file with the known public key. The license file is then located where it should be, on the site with the font, and we can trust the license file is genuine. If its out of date thats the webmasters problem. The license file could hold - domains allowed - servers / ips allowed - license type - an extensible other data section. The license type would need to be pre-agreed with the browsers, the first obvious one is per domain. But any number of types (lets say one byte or 255) could be invented as the browser manufacturers and foundries talk. This solution has a lot more going for it. We avoid the horrors of mass file downloads, of out of date caches causing havoc and of finding that we put the entire web under the control of one small group of font designers.(I am sure they are lovely people each and every one, in fact thats why i dont want to do it. Imagine the stress of avoiding that temptation, lets not put them through it, the dears.) It also follows the same approach as has been proven to work with ssl for a dozen years, and reuses technology instead of inventing it. The downsides - well font designers are asking web browser manufacturers to enforce their copyright. If they get it, the exact same approach can be used for, well anything. If youtube has not got right license file, no playing. Seems like a can of worms to me, and I suspect I would not want to do it if I were Apple or Mozilla. Anyway, my two cents. [edit:removed a comment that might be a bit flame-y] This actually made some sense for me. Yes it did start to read like sarcasm, but no-one (and no company) can ever be brilliant at everything . Trying to do everything perfectly will lead to burn out, but leaving some things badly done will leave you exposed. What I took from the article was to be mediocre in almost everything you do is a sustainable approach - want to take payments, use paypal, sales and marketing? Adwords, some PR puffs and a voip number. Mediocre still means a job is done and to an acceptable standard. If it is quick and dirty, it is a lot better than not done at all. As long as you do one thing better than mediocre, and everything else is covered, you stand a chance. But yes, there is a lot of judgement between 'this quick and dirty is an acceptable mediocre' and 'this quick and dirty is worse than nothing'. Voting is like innoculation. I do not merely vote for a 'mainstream' candidate to ensure that my choice gets in. I also vote so that 'extreme' candidates are excluded. A vote for a mainstream candidate is an innoculation for society against extremist diseases. It is vanishingly unlikely that my vote will be at the exact tipping point, ie a hanging chad county in Florida. It is also unlikely that my innoculation against killer flu will be the one innocluation that stops the spread of the virus. But from society's point of view it does not matter - the more who are innoculated, the safer society is. Similarly, the more people who vote the more candidates need to pander to the mainstream opinion, not the extremist. In general we become safer. This all breaks down if mainstream opinion is actually 'wrong'. But thats a different issue. PS Here in the UK the fascist BNP have got two MEPs and will be controversially appearing on a wellknown politics talk show. Innoculations need to be kept up. the "Art of Operations" suggests a book or similar that you are referring to - is there one, or am I reading too much into some double quotes? http://www.csoonline.com/article/print/329164 This is an old article but compares the actions against the Barbary Pirates (US Navy used force to ensure Free Trade) with what US could do with Internet 'piracy' - and no thats not copying CDs. Bug Trackers also play an important prioritisation role - a central location to decide what work is most important right now. If we wrote only unit tests, pretty soon someone would hack up a system to take the names of the tests, and put them in a list. It would be called testzilla. marvellous! Gold measured in Seawater in 1990 - "just 1 gram of gold for every 100 million tonnes of sea water (Earth and Planetary Science Letters, vol 98, p 208)." http://www.newscientist.com/article/mg12717242.800-science-g... cperciva, thank you for clarifying what I should have put in there in the first place. Anyway, this seems a good overview and is not wildly out with the other literature afaik. http://books.google.co.uk/books?id=LbTDLa_2opsC&pg=PA26&... so, 130m tons of salt is supported, 6m tons of magnesium, but 1 ton of silver and 0.02 tons of gold, and commercial extraction seems limited to salt (obviously) magnesium and bromine. I suspect someone quoted the "boring" elements accurately and then upvoted the "fun" elements for you. Wow. It is utterly incredible what an election you are likely to lose will prompt politicians to promise. Over here the election has begun in earnest, with the big guns coming out in just one day to promise big new initiatives - from a industrial strategy for green energy and biotech, to UK Space Agency to Semantic Web-enabled government departments. Some of this is aiming in the right direction, like releasing OS maps, broadband for digital poor and access to government processes online. But some of this terrifies me - "allowing users of government services to identify themselves simply and definitively" sounds like an ID card online. I love that Gordon has been listening to some of the right people. I am scared that my government is going to try and go online when they support things like the Digital Economy Bill copyright sections. Whoever wrote this speech did not do the policy work on clause 17. roll on may 6th (I did a similar calc and from memory it was) 1mile ~ 1.6km 1cubic mile = 1600 * 1600 * 1600 m3 ~ 4.1 bn m3 1m3 = 1000 ltrs & 1 ltr (pure water) = 1kg so 1m3 ~ 1 ton 1cubic mile ~ 4.1 bn tons so 1g / 100m tons ~ 41 grams per cubic mile The 41/47 is probably a better weight for seawater than my 1kg/ltr. [redacted till I finish reading what I should have read in first place] I agree about type 5 (the TODO comment) but I also think there is a lot of value in type 4. I would not call it "lifestory" but "business reasoning". Far too often one can visit code and think - I know what it does, but why does the business want that to happen? With comments like that the origin of the request is now obvious. And as we are all being Agile-y now and no-one writes down business requirements anymore, type 4 might just save your ass. I think luu is underestimating Mr Dijkstra - this one essay has more nuggets than Mcdonalds... I prefer to describe it the other way round: the program is an abstract symbol manipulator, which can be turned into a concrete one by supplying a computer to it. if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as "lines produced" but as "lines spent" As economics is known as "The Miserable Science", software engineering should be known as "The Doomed Discipline" and so on. You can happily read most of the current problems we face in the Doomed Discipline laid out 30 years ago. In the end, reading honest thinking from people orders more intelligent than yourself always inspires something. @gojomo thanks that looks really useful. @willvarfar - yeah, that's a bit beyond even my liberal bleeding heart. Homelessness has always been this background hum, but specific "how do you get a bed" questions have not been something I have ever asked before. It's surprising me. @mkramlich - I did realise it was v off topic but I wanted advice from a community that has a lot of clever and thoughtful people ... and HN ;-) I was thinking something like c1sc0 suggested - there are times when I would like to hand over a voucher for a bed for a night rather than cash. But I also understand such voucher schemes can do more harm than good. Something like pay this website, get a pdf with a random number on it. That number can be redeemed against your payment by the hostel. It is probably something that needs sponsoring by the council / govt / Shelter, but might not sit well with their policy / experience. I'll have a look-see. So it seems the advice boils down to * will the "system" help? Is there a reason she is not treated on NHS / RBKC housing her? * As an emergency measure take a call if they are genuine and if so try and pay for hostel for a few nights. I'll let you know. Lastly is editing my own post a time limited offer? I wanted to clean up that markup crud - I think my iPhone hates me. That was college surely? :-) The wikipedia page notes that moving the experiment out of Yale into a local office building dropped the 450v obedience to 48% but "was not statistically significant" it seems hugely significant - nearly 50% reduction. Does anyone know why it's not considered significant ? Is it just me, or if you are studying the "extreamly-intelligent" as in the image halfway down, its best to learn how to spell extremely. And the rules on hypenation. Could not agree more. You have a dying product, not a dying business or bad employees. Level with your employees (who probably already know this is a dying product) - and then set a revitalising target - Build in the next two months at least two online profitable (cash positive) services. Which ones? Ask your employees now, and over next few weeks ask your customers. They have pain points that clearly are being better met elsewhere, but when someone credible asks what pain can I solve, most people reply seriously. to summarise, JFDI. Kill everyone is certainly not the only option nor the most likely reason for scrambling. Any commander will value eyes on the ground as high quality intelligence, and in this situation a calm professional pilot obsrving the cockpit will be useful, even if the airforce don't have gizmos for listening in, videoing etc so, no, reaching for a gun might mean you just want to look down the sight to see more. My challenge is taking client who can barely release twice a year, with manual testing, and getting them on the path to daily builds, let alone this level of control over ones environment. It gives me an insight into how it must have felt being proud spear wielding warriors seeing "Gatling" stenciled on the side of a large wooden box. The big question is why the structure of the IT department lent itself to doing something so stupid You can fire the CIO, you can replace the offshore developers with onshore, or vice versa, but experience says it won't matter. I looked in amazement at googletesting's dependancy graph test suites yesterday, and realised that the playing field is not flat at all. Reading and writing code is the literacy of the 21st C. And the end most big companies are like newspapers owned and managed by illiterates. It does not matter how you rearrange the strucutre or the hierarchy, when the chips are down decisions will be made on what the illiterate management understand is the best way to work. As such it is infinitely unlikely that the decision then will be set up to support what a literate person would decide. Until a generation of coders grows up, or all illiterate companies go bankrupt, this will merely be one of a myriad of pathologies exhibited by large companies run by the illiterate. >>> Today software development might as well be magic. There are no reliable objective methods for determining developer or software quality. The only method that's proven to work well is the subjective judgment of another "magician". Try replacing software development with writing english. I am going to stop banging on about this eventually, but reading and writing code is something that needs to be understood at all levels of a company before that company gets good at it. If the boss of the company and everyone who reports to him is illiterate, one cannot expect the memos and the policy documents and the amusing posters to be of any decent quality