"When you hear hoofbeats, think of horses not zebras" Assassinated by the government is definitely a zebra Driving recklessly because of PTSD from being in a war zone is going to be the horse in this situation: http://articles.washingtonpost.com/2013-05-05/national/39048... And if he was not assassinated by the government, then this whole thread is just providing a distracting side show when there's a real known issue out there that kills thousands. I built out some webservers with apache on it for a dev team once. I just set it up with an index.html that had "FOO" in it just to prove that you could point a browser at it and you got "FOO" back. Well a week later they configured them behind a load balancer VIP so they wound up on a public IP address. That was fine, but now you could them from the real world. The mistake happened because that IP address had been used as part of a pool for the public website and it was still configured on the networking gear doing dynamic dns for the front end website. As soon as the IP came back up again the DNS appliance decided that cluster was 'back in service' and started handing out its IP address in response to www. .com. This resulted in a sev1 ticket coming back titled "customers reporting 'foo' on the website". Imagine how much worse it could have been if I hadn't kept it professional and used some more controversial text there... Yeah, as usual it seems the internet is going off half-cocked about this. Looks like the FAA is grounding all aircraft below 3,000 feet at the request of the (state) national guard to conduct SAR with helicopters. Complaining about FEMA looks like its just shooting the messenger in this case. And the state (i.e. local) National Guard is just executing on their own emergency plans and they don't have the ability right now to coordinate air traffic control with anything other than their own helicopters in the air, so everyone else is grounded with no exceptions. That's actually pretty reasonable triage of resources in an emergency. The UAVs might be useful, but they're outside of the scope of the emergency plans right now. Best thing that Falcon could be doing would not be throwing FEMA under the bus, but lining up sales with the National Guard so that the next time this happens the Guard will have their own UAVs in the air under their own command and control structure (and civilians will again all be grounded, no matter how helpful they might want to be). Ancient Unix lore has it that you need to do 'sync; sync; init 6' in order to sync the buffers and reboot. Sync was supposed to only schedule a sync, but would block if another sync was already running. I have no idea how applicable that lore is to modern 2013 Linux... Definitely would like to see more careful research than just removing the sleep(2) and declaring victory and address if that sleep was simply vestigial or not... +1 on "what the fuck are you talking about?" Climate science even got a physics prof from Berzerkely (who was convinced that only physicists knew how to do science right) who went in with an anti-climatology bias, and was funded by the Koch brother, and he replicated climatology results in the "BEST" study -- to the point where journals like Nature turned down publishing the BEST study because it was not new information and only confirming already well known scientific facts. So a Koch-backed study has actually determined that climate science really is science. That's like the Catholic church in the 1600s funding someone to investigate Galileo and publishing that it looks like the Earth goes around the Sun after all... They looked at siting effects as well: http://www.scitechnol.com/2327-4581/2327-4581-1-107.php They used Watts own siting data and showed that both poor and good sites showed the same temperature trend over time. The data back to 1860 are also sufficient to establish the current warming trend and through other analysis (e.g. Meehl, et al's work) to establish the climate sensitivity. Climate science as a discipline does not hinge on knowing exactly how warm it was 250 years ago within +/- 0.5C. Yes, there is basically no real evidence for any of the multiverse hypothesis. If they're right then physics and cosmology has nearly ended in its reach of what is knowable. It feels so much like this is premature surrender and physicists are turning themselves into religious philosophers just because they can't think of anything better. If we had been backed into this wall for hundreds of years with nothing better, then I might agree that the program was over, but I think the whole anthropic/multiverse idea is a condemnation of how sold physicists and cosmologists have gotten on one possible solution, and indicative of the fossilization of some of their ideas. We need a new Einstein to do away with the modern-day aethers... "Only if you assume that there are no significant cyclic effects on longer time scales." We know about cyclical effects on longer time scales like Milankovich cycles, we understand solar variation and volcanic effects. We know about the Younger Dryas and Daansgard-Oeschger cycles. We know about shorter term oscillations like the AMO and PDO. You apparently know nothing of any of this, and have never heard of Muller's BEST study even though it was splattered all over the New York Times a few years back. Yet, you feel competent enough to make statements about how climatology isn't a real science. We also know about something called the Dunning-Kruger effect. "I expect you to look at the items I pointed out and see what you think of them. If you don't agree with them, feel free to give specific reasons why not." You need to do some research first. The fact that you had never heard of the BEST study indicates that you don't know the most superficial details about climate science and this debate (and ones that were splattered across the New York Times). I'm not going to do the work to educate you. I expect YOU to do research before you demand me to produce a 250-paper annotated bibliography of climate science and its justification. Come back when you can explain the radiative physics behind CO2 being a greenhouse gas and how it can be shown in a table-top experiment, and when you know what Milankovich cycles are. Explain what caused the last Ice Age to end, be prepared to discuss the PETM. Explain the theories behind the warming that led up to the Eocene optimum 49 million years ago and the subsequent cooling after that. Climate science is more than just arguing about anthropogenic global warming. If you want a place to start, go here: http://www.amazon.com/Earths-Climate-William-F-Ruddiman/dp/0... Then start hacking away at these: http://www.amazon.com/Paleoclimatology-International-Geophys... http://www.amazon.com/Principles-of-Planetary-Climate-ebook/... Try getting off the Internet and exposing yourself to some actual science and not arguments about science. FML I'm old - -XYnn. .company.com foo-prod-1101.sea1.company.com foo-dev-1201.sea2.company.com foo-test-2101.ord1.company.com 'foo' is whatever, and 'mysql' is bad while 'corp-db' is better as other commentators mentioned. for XYnn match X to the airport code of the datacenter, match Y to the sequence number of the datacenter, and 'nn' is a 2-digit code for the number in the cluster. all short names are unique this way. all datacenter can have a mix of prod/int/dev/test. you can use DNS name resolution search path to lookup services like 'ldap' in your local datacenter. don't use serial numbers. foo-123456789 is annoying for humans to use and will get truncated with interesting results. i had a discussion one time on chat with another engineer where i was looking at box '123' and he was looking at box '789' and we were both getting real confused because it seemed like we were on the same box... because we were... also only use "company.com" as your domain for every server and desktop in your company. if you need "company.co.uk" then it should only host websites "www.company.co.uk" that points at VIPs and the servers behind that should all still live in company.com. if you have windows boxes then setup a domain for AD "ad.company.com" or "win.company.com" and let your domain servers own that and setup proper DNS delegation from the parent. One nit to pick here is that I'd say that Chef is 'explicit' about ordering (I explicitly say exactly what is going to happen), while Puppet I would call 'implicit' based on solving a dependency graph and a bit of random hash order evaluation. This is actually one of the founding principles of Chef in that Adam Jacobs got tired of, in large systems, when you get one link in your dependency tree wrong you wind up with code which will pass tests and get deployed to prod then accidentally get broken the next day as the random ordering changes. Also, Chef does have dependencies between cookbooks and we do depsolve at that level. You can even construct things so that your base role that does most of your user account creation, ntp, dns, mail config, etc -- which is most of the time orthogonal to your app -- does not need to be a dependency of your application cookbooks. If you're deploying a rails app you can make that cookbook depend mostly just on installing ruby and deploying from github and you can test that, tightly, in isolation on a vagrant VM with test-kitchen. You can also setup more complicated integration scenarios where your nginx load balancer cookbooks don't depend on your apps, and your apps don't depend on your nginx config, but you can have integration tests for your nginx loadbalancers that brings up both in a virt and makes sure that you can load balance your app -- again, though, without sucking in every person's ssh keys in the org to set it up. And even though you're expressing dependencies, you're doing so in a array with an ordering to it, so that the dependencies reliably get solved in the correct direction, so that even if you don't specify the deps right, if you get the ordering correct it all works. And for credentials, I started using CFEngine in 1999, I did most of the "base role" of Amazon's CM infrastructure from 2001-2006 (growing from doing config pushes to 400 servers in my department to 30,000 servers across the company), then I built a few more small CFEngine deployments of 1,000-3,000 servers before moving on to working at Opscode. And my background with CFEngine -- which really invented the Prolog-style-Config-Mgmt that this whole article is about some 20+ years ago. And with the frameworks that I built on CFEngine I always imposed ordering so that you could read scriptlets from top to bottom and see what happened and then composed those scriptlets in runs that would execute in order. When we started out not doing that it was hugely confusing to newbies since actions would be taken in a seemingly random order in the file and that is not a natural way for people who walk into config management -- so we went out of our way to break the dependency-solving that CFEngine did and create something that ran almost exactly like Chef does (technically even more extreme, since there was no dependency resolution between "cookbooks" and while there wasn't an explicit run_list the order that files were included simply determined the order of execution). Push based SSH models fail pretty badly when you starting talking hundreds or thousands of servers under management. Those models have existed for a log time in tools like rdist, and sitescope tried to sell 'agentless' monitoring which required SSH in order to monitor servers. I've seen deployments of sitescope like that hit scalability walls at a few hundred servers as the ssh client processes on the sitescope server were chewing all the CPU doing SSH session negotiation. And the point here is that 'agentless' is really a lie. You're not agentless, you're using sshd as your agent. And when you dig into that protocol its expensive and not designed for RPC, its designed for interactive logins, and its chatty and chews up resources. It also isn't terribly reliable. It seems reliable when you're using it on your workstation and logging into a few dozen servers a day. You don't remember that time a few months ago when it had a 'derp' and you had to login again. When you're hitting 30,000 servers multiple times a day, you start to see the unreliability of the underlying protocol. If Ansible is going to survive you're going to see some kind of 'persistent fireball mode' where you ssh into the box and leave the zeromq daemon running and it starts looking a whole lot more like push. And really you want nodes registering back to your server. It makes discovery so much easier since you just configure your chef/puppet/cfengine/whatever server in whatever bootstrapping scheme you're using (kickstart, custom amis, whatever) and then whenever a server comes up, it registers and starts working. The push method where you have to edit a file on a server which is used to push code just leads to crufty servers getting untracked. The idea isn't really new, its been around for decades, and its always the first baby steps on the road to doing config management. So here's the thing that happens to me... When I eat certain foods, I tend to wake up in the middle of the night feeling hot, and it feels like I've got elevated blood pressure and my mind is racing a bit and it keeps me up at night. This is a very particular effect and it seems to be food linked. I get it after eating Chinese food, I get it after eating Pizza, I get it after eating a pile of spaghetti with red sauce. I used to gorge on Triscuits and Cheese and I'd get the same effects. I thought it was the carbs at first since those seem to be bad for me with weight gain and thought it was all related. But, there's another link there which is that all of that has MSG or glutamate in it (and also lots of sodium of course). So if i stay away from those foods I don't get the horrible sweaty middle insomnia symptoms. I can eat carbs if I stay away from glutamate/sodium, so my first guess that it was the white rice, pizza crust and spaghetti noodles was incorrect. But the MSG is always correlated with the symptoms. Is it the MSG or is it that the MSG comes with the salt? I dunno. I'm not really certain that it matters either. (I've also had my BP taken by a cardiologist the day after eating Chinese food and it spiked enough to cross the line between normal and high blood pressure the next morning after the meal...) Agreed. Everyone in the physics community pretty much knew that the FTL neutrino problem had to be a measurement error, including the group who published it. I think one individual had to resign because they jumped the gun a bit on the initial announcement, but overall they hit a situation with a pretty crazy and groundbreaking result and none of them could poke holes in it, and all of them were skeptical about it. They published that information in the most responsible manner possible, but the media handled it pretty poorly. Some other cases are the first two "discoveries" of the top quark, which were both wrong (and the one in 1984 was by Rubbia who won a Nobel Prize for the W and the Z so he wasn't really a lightweight). Recently, CDF at Fermilab had to retract their W+multijet mystery which might have been a leptophobic Z' boson, but was just that they didn't understand their background (again, everyone kinda saw that one coming as well). Also a couple of the dark matter detectors thought they had some signal, but the recently announced LUX experiment negative results pretty much crushed them. This kind of back-and-forth actually happens all the time. That isn't bad science, that's just science. I've been doing performance analysis and debugging as part of being a unix/linux sysadmin now for something like 20 years. And even though I have many well-cherished anecdotes about explaining the VM free list to software architects who were the go-to guys for the vision of our entire global platform, complete with PhDs, I still don't want to go back to the bad old days without a shared buffer cache. There's a reason why that's there, and you don't want to go back to 1992-era memory management. It also makes perfect sense from the perspective of writing the software. The free list really is the list of VM pages that have been free'd and that has a specific meaning, and changing that name internally would be terrible. You just need to understand how the machine actually works. this is called "Manufacturing Consent" and its the major purpose that 60 minutes has always served. it is not new. "Gold bugs will always like Bitcoin"... Is that like "Real Estate only goes up?" Remember that one from circa 2005? This problem really does lead to crypto currencies having no floor like Krugman points out. At some point everyone decides what the next hot crypto currency is, and suddenly Bitcoin turns into Friendster and there's a rush for the exits and the price collapses. It really does seem like cryptocurrency fanboys have bought into a form of "this time its different" because... crypto. And they're ignoring the fact that it is a currency with zero to backstop, and its clearly dependent upon fashion and popularity, since there's a growing marketplace now of competing cryptocurrencies. This thread has been very useful to convince me that bitcoin is a classic bubble. I have no idea when it'll pop, but it appears almost certain that it will. Can you not see yourself contradicting yourself? You admit that some other crypto currency may win. That means that bitcoin may lose. Lose. LOSE What happens when it LOSES? Like Krugman points out, there's nothing to backstop it and no floor. Oh right, but he's just an economist, he doesn't see the "inherent value". He just doesn't understand... You so easily swap contexts completely between all of this "inherent value" nonsense when you're addressing Krugman, and then a marketplace of cryptocurrencies which clearly is 'libertarian' and is going to have clear winners and losers -- without, obviously, thinking that last word through very clearly. I'm clearly going to need to load up on popcorn, this is gonna be fun to watch... yep. and the culture of internet snark and bullying certainly isn't helping this problem. Amazon doing anything for free for the open source community would seriously shock me. Its interesting that you immediately translated "means of production" in the preceding comment to "means of production to be owned by the state". There's other possibilities for "the workers owning the means of production" that don't necessarily involve the state owning the means of production. You can have the workers who do the actual work at the plant own the means of production, instead. Setting up a dichotomy between top-down heirarchial capitalism and top-down heirarchial statism implicitly ignores any possible middle paths. Fuck the USPS. Seriously. Its been obvious for at least a decade that the customers are direct mail advertisers and we're the product and we can't really opt out (I've signed up for a several opt-out services and I still get junk mail). reflected images in pictures might also disclose that you just got out of the shower and didn't bother to put on any clothes yet.... And as someone who has been on both sides of doing security research and systems administration. Generally, this kind of "pro bono" work isn't telling us anything we don't know, and since its not coordinated with the target it'll potentially get system/network/security adminstrators up at 3am in their morning to respond to your probes, and will drain company resources. You're also demanding that the company address whatever it is that you find, in short order, when it may actually not be the most important thing to the business -- particularly when you announce it to the world rather than follow responsible disclosure. When "researchers" then flip around and talk to the press and don't follow responsible disclosure, then what you're dealing with really is a hacking attempt. You're walking up to the doors and windows of a business and jiggling then to see if they're open and taking notes on what kind of locks they're using and how they could be bypassed -- without any kind of approval from the business owner. Then you're turning around and damaging the business by talking to the press about it. Back when I was more interested in computer security (roughly '94 just like tptacek), I knew that scanning systems that I didn't own without permission would get me in trouble. We seem to have devolved a bit in our collective maturity where we think we can just fly the flag of "security researcher" and that this gives us permission to initiate what look just like attacks on systems. If you don't own a system and don't have permission for it then don't attack it, and don't put the government in the position of trying to discriminate between a foreign government launching attacks and a "security researcher" with pure motives... And don't be too shocked if the government and legal institutions have issues in distinguishing between those two cases and throw you in jail for 15+ years. The way to avoid that outcome is not to do it. Only attack and probe systems that you own or have permissions to attack and probe. Just because you're a "security researcher" who is egotistical enough to think you can save the internet from itself, that doesn't mean you're going to get treated differently from a foreign national with less pure motives. Stay away from shit that isn't yours (and the security of the entire internet is not your sole responsibility).