They should spend one hour to have HTTPS on their front-page though. Good luck explaining to the average Tesla driver that his cars did pollute a lot. I tried to explain once that the "zero emission" label on the Nissan Leaf is misleading because building a car makes emissions. I do think electric car are a good solution where developing public transports would have a higher (environmental) cost, but building cars pollutes. That's your opinion but anyway a Leaf will still emit when it's moving. Indirectly with the production of the energy, which can be very low in countries such as France or Norway, and directly with brakes dust even though the electric regen reduces that a lot, and particles from the tires. The "zero emission" label is on the back on the car, maybe they should use something else for their marketing. You are right and I totally agree with you. I do have an electric car and I would never buy anything not electric anymore as long as I can afford it. I just want to point out that buying a new car is not saving the planet, and you are not neutral when you drive an electric car. It's much better than anything else so far though. Better than hydrogen too. About the hybrids, I personally think the same than Carlos Tavares, president of PSA, who said to the French government that hybrids are only a temporary solution because two motors systems is one too many for cost reasons, when batteries will become cheaper. The Model S and Model X are aluminum so the rust isn't a big problem. Parts availability perhaps more. We will see how the cheaper Tesla in steel like the Model 3 will do over time but if they hold well, they may be a good cheap car in 10 years or more. In Norway, where the number of Tesla per habita is very high, the average car age is about 10 years. Also, it's likely that the batteries will get a second life as home energy storage when no one would want to keep the car running anymore. It's a very interesting article. I'm also impressed by such dedication. Hashing the strings from the decompiled APK to easily debug the protocol in Wireshark is inspiring. On the topic of using a BMW with you phone without being frustrated, some people put a third-party box between the screen and the car infotainment computer to get Android Auto. I heard the experience isn't perfect. Personnally I use Google Assistant and I think it works relatively well. I can use it to get directions, make the sound of random animals, change radio, play music on Spotify... To trigger it, you can long press the voice command button on the steering wheel. Look at the health-care situation in Europe. It would be interesting to have an independent study of the system, perhaps qualitative. Reading the other comments, not everyone is convinced by the idea and having scientific data may help. If the data hurts, that's life. This looks slightly better. It's also a bit more in the uncanny valley in my humble opinion. No way this is GDPR compliant. They used to have a great reputation in France about 20 to 15 years ago. It went downhill since, the company got sold and they started to sell expensive and slow cloud services, a bit like Amazon with less success. Ethnicity. Depending on how the electricity is produced in your area and whether you use the heat for home heating, it may be better for the climate to simply turn these computer off. SuperTux and Gnome Mines! I don't get it either. A touchscreen is very nice to have on a laptop. You may not use it everyday, but it's very convenient especially to develop touch applications. Thankfully, Lenovo and Huawei have good offers. Many EVs have a good enough range and more than good enough performances. Sure a ipace or etron don't drive as far as a equivalent Tesla, but sometimes you don't need that. Also, we are many to love the i3 look. It's a matter of tastes. I understand you well. However, it's a lot simpler when you can't afford or justify buying the fancy car. I bought an used electric car with a tiny range to commute and every time I did long trips with it I wished I got a Tesla with a five times bigger battery. But then I think about it, I do not regret not spending the money on a Model S, renting a long range car a few times a year, and buying a bigger flat with the money I saved. For French speakers, France Inter has a great playlist without ads when they are on strike. When it's not the strike season or if you have more precise tastes, FIP is nice too. You don't get rich by saving at maximum a few hundred euros/dollars per month. It depends on the seller. Aliexpress will do something if you can't find an agreement with the seller after many days. Some sellers are just stupid. You want to work for companies that use this service? The French butchers also have something a bit different : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Louch%C3%A9bem I wonder whether Google Maps takes into account the various ways of transportation, such as bicycles, public transports, or electric cars driving on the bus lines. With many of these online services, you aren't paying for the hosting costs but for the services.