Remember this is the SECOND time it has happened. Before it was the widespread hacking that resulted in Bitcoins being stolen. And users were never told exactly what happened and what was done about it. People have every right to expect the worse with a company with a track record as poor as Linodes. Sorry but having passwords in plaintext is not a "goofup". It is completely and utterly inexcusable. Storing passwords in clear text is definitely not normal. Also the social engineering implications could be huge. Many people use the same password across various sites so in theory there could be a lot of compromised email accounts. Which could then mean compromised internet banking sites, trading sites etc. I don't understand where you are coming from here. Why do you think companies can only do one thing at a time ? And where have you worked where software engineers are drafting press releases or conducting security audits ? And why shouldn't keeping customers (who have their own apps) informed be their top priority ? I am a former customer who was burned the last time they were hacked and were less than truthful. Now it has happened again and nothing has changed. Clearly non existent security audits (cleartext passwords ?) and still lots of unanswered questions. It should be crystal clear by now that Linode is fundamentally untrustworthy. No. Because Linode has been hacked before and exactly the same situation is playing out. Major compromise and selective release of information. I really do wonder at what point people are going to realise that they aren't dealing with a company who cares about their interests. > Google’s YouTube and Google Display Network have data on how a billion people prefer to spend their time. Have to disagree with you on that one. I doubt many people would subscribe to the notion that what they watch on YouTube is a reflection of how they like to spend their time. YouTube for many is nothing more than modern day trash TV. No I don't. You know why ? Because it never happened. This is very common place and I don't think there is anything wrong with it. What is unacceptable though is deliberately trashing your opponents. > This is coming from the perspective of a software engineer with 15 years of experience. Which makes your opinion actually LESS relevant and interesting. I would care more if this was written by a 50 year old father of two or a 14 year old girl. Those are the people you don't hear much from and whose buying decisions actually matter. Really Apple hasn't given enough support for web standards ? Because I wonder where the world would be today without WebKit. Because it is about more than the algorithm. Developers shouldn't have to spend $100K to get into the top 10 of an App Store. For whatever reason. That is money that Apple would much rather see dedicated to making better apps. There's nothing amazing about Linode's pricing and absolutely not worth the security risk and lack of transparency. Their support is terrible when you have a real problem and non existent during an incident. Go does't have 1/100000 the amount of libraries and support that Ruby or C does. Option A only seems simpler because you ignore the time/complexity in coding the task at hand. Yes. Nearly 20 years ago. But don't worry the JVM can save you. http://code.google.com/p/jgo/ Because I am being realistic. Ruby, C, Java etc have had decades to build a comprehensive set of developer libraries. Go hasn't. It's a "cute" platform that I am sure will beat Ruby in a few benchmarks. But I don't see any reason why anyone would seriously consider it for a real world app. I don't think you understand what you're even saying. Hearsay is information you've obtained from a third person i.e. not directly witnessed. The reporter directly witnessed a sudden spike in voting on the Disqus forum. He directly witnessed an articulate post being heavily downvoted. He was not complaining that there was anti-Apple sentiment on the internet. He was complaining it was happening specifically on his site. And had the appearance of being coordinated. The difference is that the reporter witnessed what appeared to be a coordinated effort to downvote the anti-Samsung posts. The hilarity of all of this is that the current product pipeline was signed off by Steve Jobs whilst he was alive. And the same people (except for Forstall) are still there plugging away. But that said Apple just needs to follow the iPod strategy for the iPhone/iPad and they will continue to pour in the cash. By that I mean products at lower price points but still maintaining the same premium aesthetic. Also I would stake my life that Apple WILL release a TV. But it will be 4K and coincide with a "H.265 across the company" strategy. Wow. I didn't realise just how incompetent Linode actually is. Not only terrible security at a coding level but completely non existent audits. I wonder what they were after if not money. What are people hosting ? You're still using Linode ? Why ? http://turtle.dereferenced.org/~nenolod/linode/linode-abridg... Based on what we've seen before I wouldn't give Linode the benefit of the doubt. The password is most likely cracked by now. Anything but Linode. People REALLY need to stop recommending them. When it comes to GAE it really doesn't seem like Google's heart is in it. Which given their history is a bad, bad sign.