I think with iOS, even if you disable zooming, you still get that 300ms delay. A better solution would be to instead of listening to only click, listen to both click and doing interesting things with ontouchend. I recall implementing something like that a while ago, where when an element is touched (ontouchstart), I saved the X and Y coords of the touch, and when the user releases their finger (ontouchend), if the finger hasn't moved more than say 32 pixels, I fired the callback to whatever. Of course, you also need to do something to prevent triggering the event twice, but when done correctly, you get both nice quick click events and zooming. Well, the title says they stopped using Google analytics, and the article explained that they stopped using Google analytics, why they did it, and what they're doing instead. You may not find it interesting, but the title clearly reflects the content, so I'm not sure how it's click bait. I don't think it was meant as a complaint about Windows as much as it was an anecdote about icons vs text. You also obviously often want to slightly change the content of say a blog post, fixing typos or factual inaccuracies and such. Tracking down every old link and replacing it with an updated one would be a big undertaking. For $5/month, you can get a pretty great VPS at digital ocean; 512MB RAM, 20GB SSD, 1Gbit/s bandwidth with 1TB/month trabsfer, giving you root access to your own server. You also get your own IP address, instead of sharing IPs and using virtualhost hacks like those web hosts do. Been using them for a while now, works really well. "Your 32 completely random characters doesn't contain enough special symbols, and is thus insecure." Open the inspector (depending on your browser, but it's probably ctrl+shft+i), find the narrow element, and change its width, like this: https://d.mort.coffee/img/change-width.png That inspector is incredibly useful any time a website does something stupid and you just want to read the bloody content. I really doubt Apple will ever be big enough for many big game developers to consider making exclusives for Macs. They don't even sell any computers remotely targeted at games, and often sacrifice price and cooling for prettier design. Did you try to download the x86 build? If so, it's your fault. If they don't provide an arm build, or if you got the arm build, it's Mozilla's fault, not Debian's. It's like not putting a condom on your car. Sure, HIV might stick a hole in it, but I'd still use one. I kind of like doing comments like this: "#": " my comment" Linux? But he was talking about OS X... It would literally need just one frame to see and store all available information in said frame. This means that in just a few frames, it could jump around the entire map and get a complete overview of what's available. It could easily be abstracted away, meaning the AI has access to a complete view of the map from its point of view, provided by a relatively simple conventional piece of software which just now and then jumps across the entire map and processes the images. It's thus not really an interesting problem to solve in this context, just a minor annoyance. It's a huge difference between clicking on a random facebook.com.totallynotphishing.com link, and being on the legitimate facebook.com and having that tab automatically go to a phishing site while you're not looking. So something _has_ changed in other words. You used to implicitly trust Yubikey's word that they put the publicly available source code on their devices, just like now, but you used to also be able to verify their code such that you could be fairly sure that if the trust in the company is warranted, their product is fairly secure, or more importantly, find security issues in their code. Higher level languages generally being slower than lower level languages has been documented for decades. That only mentions using their API, not reverse engineering the algorithm. Why even bother to learn programming if you can't use it to automate common tasks? How many people play call of duty? Overwatch? Battlefield? Skyrim? Not the majority of people, but a hell of a lot of people still. If people really wanted parsing directives, they could just say that keys starting with # and their values are parsing directives - e.g: { "#if": "parserversion > 1.5", "key": "somevalue", "#else": "", "key": "othervalue" } Thought I also don't really see any reason to include parsing directivesin JSON. That's not even the tone-deafest part though. What really made me cringe is his heartfelt follow-up, "that's really really sad!" How about the second largest desktop OS in the world, OS X (or now macOS)? That's BSD. The language is entirely uninteresting; what's interesting is what the runtime allows you to do. Browsers purposefully don't allow you to create raw TCP connections, yet JavaScript can in many other contexts (e.g node.js) create raw sockets perfectly fine. This. I personally agree with everyone saying const > let, but I just don't find myself caring enough about it to add the inconvenience of typing 5 characters instead of 3 every time I need to create a variable. Wouldn't it have been easier to use the C# JSON parser, and then later walk the tree it creates and convert it into a more sane data structure that way?