Although I agree for the -webkit prefix implementation (this can cause no harm to the render of the web page), I disagree strongly with tweaking the user-agent. There's some features that simply cannot be tested with feature detection (the HTML5 Appcache and the tel:// URI scheme to name two of them but I'm sure there's more) and tweaking the user-agent might also break some web pages. I run a website in production where I test for the Chrome & Firefox user-agent to enable the appcache. I'm not saying that IE does not have any support on it (it's actually supported), it's just that I don't have the time to test fully the IE implementation to make sure that the user will have a web page that will be updated properly. So IE will still work but without any appcache (which is not a real issue). If they change their user-agent and their implementation of the feature is not 100% perfect, the website might not work properly. The principal difference is that the virtual machine contains everything whereas you can spawn a container for all the components of your infrastructure. - It's easy to restart a container if it crashed and container can be tested individually before being pushed in production. - An application will not mess with the configuration of another app (that's solving the problem of virtualenv, rvm and apt incompatibilities). - The application is not tight to a physical machine, a container can connect to another machine instead of the local one just by changing the routing or environment variables if everything is done properly. It's the UNIX philosophy applied to applications, everything must be as small as possible, do only one task and do it properly and I think that's part of docker's popularity. However like most things, it's not really magic and it must be designed and maintained properly to get all these benefits. I'm going to get downvoted for this but I cannot believe what I'm reading... we're talking about a nuclear attack involving inter-continental missiles. I'm far from an expert on this subject but I'm pretty sure you cannot build one in your garage on your own. (and especially not with a simple schema on a white board). One thing which makes me sad is the lack of structure of the Javascript API. Everything is now built using Javascript and the JS VM is not following any UNIX principles in its implementation. I would really like to have a UNIX-like JS API. A small example: let's say that you want to redirect the error output to the standard output. Since everything is a file descriptor on UNIX, you can just call dup2(2) and this won't have any repercussion on other parts of the program. You can also redirect any error to a file just by using this on a file descriptor you got from open (2). But in Javascript, everything is different, you have to redeclare console.error and hope that this won't break anything if some library is doing exactly the same thing as you somewhere. This is also the same problem with XMLHttpRequest and various javascript APIs. (including the File and Blob API to read files on the browser). It's not like they have a choice now, the other choice here is to shut down the company. That's also why they launched Firefox OS, they hope in the future to depend less on Google. (another french here). I sadly agree on everything said here... I would like to add that in my opinion, the main problem in France is that everything related to driving is now turned into a business. Usually the driving test is less about driving and more about how long they can keep you in the DMV to charge you money. There is not a lot of preparation to the driving test itself in order to fail the test the first time (so they can charge you after that). I've also seen verbal agreements between driving inspectors and DMV's (I guess this is easier to do on the country side). I exactly had the same idea... I would also add that this thing is going to be useless anyway because not all the websites are going to implement it. So you will have this header + the traditional blocker... It's totally unrelated but something I would really like to have right now would be a header with the average connection bandwidth (or just thresholds). This could be really useful to reduce the amount of data sent if the connection is really bad. This is totally unrelated to their code review software (I still have no idea what it does from the repository by the way) but I can't help to think from their domain ( http://review.ninja/ ) that somehow we crossed a line in the TLD business, this does not even looks like a legitimate url. I don't want to spoil their great "innovation patent" but Three.js has implemented this years ago ( http://threejs.org/docs/#Reference/Renderers/CanvasRenderer ). Looking at this reminds me how small some projects are when you put things in perspective. For example, most of the node.js project actually consists of less than ten developers. ( http://tomiaijo.github.io/github-treemaps/#/repository/21166... ). I don't understand, the sliders are doing nothing (Firefox 31), is that suppose to do anything ? By the way the contrast is really bad on the top menu and I have to hover everything to have an idea of the text. The last time I've tried (~ 1 month ago), there was no video support (unlike what you can see on the screenshot) but otherwise I would be happy to use it, anything would be more stable than skype anyway. Do you know any other alternatives ? (I will try to install the new version, it might work better) Yeah sure, if IE8 could display CSS properly, that would be the case but unfortunately even basic CSS is quite broken on IE8, it's not just graceful degradation. I'm not sure why I can't reply to the other comment. I also designed things on IE7 & IE8 and there is definitely some major problems on IE8 which cannot be solved magically by graceful degradation. I think that IE9 is generally fine however, if you design everything with graceful degradation in mind and the website is quite simple it should work (appart for weird borders around images sometimes, but it's fine with a bit of css). I've definitely experienced z-index bugs, floating bugs, padding bugs, display bugs (with inline & blocks) and core JavaScript bugs in IE8 which are making the website unusable. IE8 is definitely not IE9, while it's still better than IE7 and there is generally less issues, there is still IE8 specific work to do to make the website compatible. And depending of your strategy within the company, it might not be worth trying to fix these issues. (this is quite costly). It's indeed relevant. This is one of the biggest reason why monoculture and monsanto-like-GMO will never work (even if we knew how to properly create GMO, which is not the case and another subject). If you create a GMO which is targeted to kill some insects or plants, there is then a huge incentive due to the large size of the crops and the lack of diversity for a new kind of insect / plant to resist to this GMO, it would have a massive competitive advantage and could spread much more quickly. There is only a benefit in the first years you are using it until the environment is adapting itself. Yes but the size of the refugee is not large enough even in theory to cover the risks and in practice, the refugee crop is even smaller due to the loss of money by doing this. I'm not sure why you downvoted but one interesting detail is that current GMO's are not equivalent between them, unlike their traditional counterpart. There is huge differences between the same plants on the same crop and current GMO's are not stable (in the scientific term). That's what I mean by we know how to create GMO's properly with a reliable technique. This however might change in the future. It's partially related but something I would really like to have is a cross-website cache for public scripts. Around 80% of the size of the scripts is public libraries used by almost everyone (jquery, bootstrap, moment.js, various jquery plugins, angular...) and each of them is downloaded thousands of times. One simple solution could be something like this: This way the browser can have a look at the hash and not query the file at all. This could not lead to security issues since the hash saved by the browser is not the hash displayed but the one computed with the actual file. (and obviously you are only using the public attribute for scripts which are meant to be public). With this technique, the most popular libraries could be cached and not downloaded by users. The main goal of a technology like this is to help the caching of common scripts, not to cache your entire website. The only information you could have with this is that the browser already downloaded jquery from another website, that is not going to help that much. For french speakers who might not know, there is also the french equivalent of bash.org previously called bash-fr (now renamed to danstonchat) http://danstonchat.com/ , it also has a quite large community. (French native speaker here). From the developers I know (and that is still my case to some extent) people refer to the keywords as their function rather than their meaning. So when you see a 'while' or a 'for' loop, you just interpret it as a loop regardless of the original meaning of the word, it's not English anymore, it's just code blocks. But I'm wondering how it's interpreted from the point of view of a native speaker. I knew that the php interpreter was not very clever but the most surprising part is this one : There is actually a difference between "while (true)" and "while (\true)", and it's not even capable to optimize this as a standard JMP. I can't believe that really simple things like this are still not optimized in the interpreter. Yeah, I was wondering the same thing, why not just order a takeaway from the restaurant instead if you just don't want to cook, it's almost the same price and it's also pre-cooked. I also had the same problem, I've received 2/3 spams to the linkedin address in the past two weeks and never received any before. They are also passing the gmail filter which is quite impressive in itself. I feel this is a trend now with new projects, it's also the case in Node.js, Go and new Python packages. This can go as absurd as the package named "a" in npm ( https://www.npmjs.org/package/a ) which is used by a lot other packages. I also had some trouble to figure out what each package is suppose to do when using RoR. However, I would not say it's necessary easier in older languages when I see the amount of weird acronyms used in the Java world. I think the website illustrates perfectly what can be wrong with a landing page, I had absolutely no idea what the product is suppose to do. Is it a mocking api generating fake user data ? "A Simple Data API" is also to vague to get an idea on what the product is doing. (I had the answer when having a look at the footer but I'm not sure everyone will have a look at the footer). The pricing page is also really terrible, I see a list of prices for data types but I have no idea how it's actually billed. There is a small infobox on the bottom saying that I'm billed for each successful request, but that should be on the top since I had no idea what the price meant (the button is not inside the box as any pricing page by the way). It would be also nice to have a price average for the api, how much does it cost to look-up basic customer info on 1000 numbers ? I have to use a calculator to answer that. (By the way does it work outside the US ? I can only see US phone formats and zip codes).