Nonsense. For every legitimate example of such a malware-infected program you can think of or find, the community can point you to at least X others that are completely clean. Your suggestion is not a practical one, but rather an opinionated one. And the hiku does what, exactly? One of the most useless websites I've ever seen. It barely has any details on what the hiku is or what it does; and if I wanted more info, I'd have to go to their support section on another domain to peruse their "FAQ". No thanks. Have you ever tried to scan barcodes with a cellphone? For anything other than some sort of "novelty" "let's trying this cool new QR hipster app" type of situation. Their examples look amazing and pretty. But. Good luck trying to use them, though. They're very delicate, and break unless you make sure to find all the relevant CSS and cruft around them. Definitely not "plug and play". Not to mention your blog engine/site is broken. Please fix the fact that we can't click on the right scrollbar due to your fancy shmancy javascript side menu. Put it on the left hand side, or don't overlay it over the scrollbar. Damn #hipstercoders So famous is only for fast javascript browsers? That says it all... damn #hipstercoders. And yes, it works fast on chrome, dog slow on Firefox. Since when did we decide to collectively ignore Firefox users because we want to use some fancy shmancy JS framework so we can write our code using an "opinionated" approach? And I quote "opinionated" as that is precisely how the readme describes the "famou.us" way of building "rich, fast web applications". You make it seem as if she had no way to stop it. As far as I'm concerned, if you can stop violence, you have a moral duty to do so. Otherwise, you are complicit in said violence. At the very least she should have SAID something about it. But no, politicians stay quiet instead of rocking the boat so that they can keep all "buddy buddy" with their fellow ruling-class members. They'd rather have you believe that voting with your wallet doesn't work. They would prefer that you think the only way to enact change is through coercive governmental power. It fits their world-view and pocket-book quite nicely. Amazing... And very smooth! In one of the graph examples, I plugged in 500 nodes, thinking it would crash. But it failed very gracefully, and simply "slowed" things down instead of jittering into oblivion. I can't seem to be able to find good examples of kinectJS in action. Could you please point me to some solid examples or in-depth tutorials? I think what's confusing me the most is I'm not quite sure how or what "html5canvastutorials" has to do with KinectJS. But thanks for the link, I'll go about giving it another try :) These sorts of things are an unfortunate side-effect of the fact that individuals aren't allowed to write off their expenses as tax-deductible. Sort of how companies are allowed to write off their own expenses before calculating tax on "earnings". So the market gravitates towards compensating employees in a tax-deductible sort of way. He's on his soap box, again. Apparently, he's an expert in absolutely everything under the sun. Therefore we must listen to him, err, or something like that. Treat it like a plain blog. Take it with a grain of salt as it's just one way, one person's opinion. If you like it, great. If not, move along... Just because he's got good advice on certain topics, doesn't mean we should listen to him on everything else. Classic intelligentsia syndrome. That's the media for you, and not necessarily "Fox" or whatever x-wing group you seem to dislike. Fox news is only seen as "bad" because it doesn't exaggerate reality to the side that the majority like. The other news media outlets do the exact same thing, just towards the other side of the narrative. Both sides of the media play on peoples' emotions. The real question is: are you intellectually honest enough to entertain views and thoughts for their own merit without dismissing them flatly just because "they're from Fox", "John Stossel", or "Romney". "Locally raised and spent" If only. That would be a great form of funding community governance. Where local communities help themselves up, instead of practically begging for scraps from a wealthy government that really doesn't care until it gets them votes. Change has to come from within. And it won't come so long as people think like you. i.e. "Change can come when funding comes from better places" Which completely ignores the real problems and real difficulties facing real people in those places you seem to not want to live in. Ask yourself why you don't want to live there. Ah yes, so it's my fault that groups of individuals decided to not take care of their neighborhood, right. Sorry, no, but people need to take responsibility for their own actions. And I will in no way share blame for a second generation further ruining their kids' futures because they're too short-sighted and expect the rest of us to do it for them. We as a society can only share blame for one generation. The next one is on the parents. The standard argument I've heard against "accountability" is that "leaders" won't "lead" properly if they know they could be held accountable for the consequences after leaving "office". It's utter bullshit, and there is absolutely no way for any of us to change it, or do anything about it. I'd call for us to 'scientificize' the shit out of politics, but it would do no good. We all know what an utter failure the social sciences are when it comes to the scientific method. Mainly due to unpredictable human nature and the vagueness of social and political policy. I seem to recall them getting a big fat law suit when they tried to bundle things with their OS. Perhaps they don't bundle things anymore for a reason? Interesting library + concept. I'll definitely keep an eye on it for future projects. Some minor issues: The video tutorials are very hard to follow. I say this as someone that has never worked with Rails or Ruby. So when you start talking about "routes", "partials" and I see code referencing "paginate" and erb files on your server code... In very alien-looking syntax, I might add. It makes for a very hard "tutorial" to follow. I would definitely suggest making server tech-agnostic tutorials. Where you simply talk about the urls being requested, what they return and how they interact with the client-side. Please exclude specific server-side tech, no matter how cool or "fancy" it is, or how knowledgeable you are in it. I'm curious about this "20% annual maintenance fee" you mentioned. Care to elaborate a little more on it? Or is in the podcast you linked? You missed the biggest one, bud: 4. Governments are guaranteed to interfere. Either to help, or impede. No, I'm saying it's the parents' fault for their children remaining poor. Or did you not read anything I wrote and just blatantly jumped to conclusions? As someone who has come from a poor family, I know full well what sacrifice and hard work can do to uplift your children's prospects in the world. Even if that means drastic life changes. And as a consequence of that, I will not accept peoples' excuses for remaining in poverty. Nor will I share the blame for their failings. Of course Pickety doesn't mention it. That would ruin his narrative. And it wouldn't back his central thesis and proposal to tax the living excrement out of the rich. You know, to fix a problem none of us ever knew of until he "told us" about it in his giant weary book. But I'll hold off on a proper rant about him and his book once I've read it. I'm still looking for a proof that income inequality is a "threat" to "democracy"... Or as he put it, the "meritocratic values of democracy". As if we have anything remotely resembling a "meritocratic" society, even if it was a democratic one. Agreed. This has historically always been the case. There is a reason that early cities formed around navigable waterways, trade-routes, or near specific wealth-making resources. One need only look to the middle east that was almost entirely desert and small-towns a short while ago (relatively speaking) to get a more recent and visible example of this. Equality is the exception, not the rule throughout history, including the recent "enlightened" one.