He was really looking forward to downloading the compiler. When I take friends climbing for the first time, I start them on top-roping. That way they get used to how climbing works, without the fear of falling or having to learn how to climb down. (Down-climbing, even with extra handles, can be difficult when you've used up all of your energy getting to the top.) And they get to enjoy coming back down as a sort of victory lap. After that, we go bouldering. There are plenty of intro and V1 problems they can do even on a first try, now that they've got a general introduction to the concepts. And I get to show off a few mid-grade problems to aspire to. (I'm only a V3-V4 climber myself.) I prefer to boulder myself, because I can do it without any coordination. But you need somebody there to help you on your first day, and top-roping has a lot of advantages for new climbers. UBI is not so attractive that most people will choose to do nothing with their lives. UBI is intended to keep people from starving, but it's not a very pleasant life, devoid of comforts and aspirations. Sure, there will be people who want that, but there will be many others who don't. The most important tool there is a good education, which is mandatory for even the children of the laziest and most shiftless. That's where they get exposed to the possibilities of what they could do, and be engaged by. They'll be presented with role models in the form of teachers, who do get up and do work every day, and live better lives because of it. Maybe they'll create nothing more than pointless forms of art. But even so, what would be wrong with that? Movies and video games are both pointless idleness, but they create genuine joy, and there were lots of mis-steps as people learned what forms of them would be worth doing. Similarly, a lot of the most advanced science seemed like navel-gazing until it turned into transistors and lasers and GPS. I don't mean to be blandly utopian. There are many ways UBI can fail, and we will probably do all of them in varying experiments. But neither would I be so dystopian about people doing nothing at all with their lives. People enjoy comforts and they enjoy having purpose. Between the way our existing technology creates more than enough food and shelter at little cost, and the desire of many people to improve their lot in ways that also continue to move society forward, I think we can afford to experiment with letting some people live lives of complete (but unenviable) idleness. Ah, but the question is, are you willing to stand up for that fact, at the total cost of the economy, as well as the individuals directly affected? There is a person with a literal veto who believes that the wall is a good thing, and who seems resistant to persuasion. How long are you willing to risk damaging the economy before you give in to that person? At this point, it's not really about just how bad or good an idea it is. (And, of course, I agree with you that it's a monumentally bad idea.) It's about perception: how much suffering you can stand (and stand to watch), and how much you're willing to risk being perceived as causing that suffering by failing to knuckle under. Also take into account the fact that this unpersuadable veto-holder seems to genuinely enjoy watching that suffering, and that his supporters appear to agree with him on that. In terms of the facts, the choices seem fairly obvious. But our choices are often made primarily not on the facts at hand, but the fact that people disagree despite that. Indeed. People have come to treat the news not as a dull obligation to be informed about the world so that they can make boring but important decisions, but as a form of entertainment. It's more akin to watching sports on TV, except that we actually have skin in the game and some affect on its outcome. You don't really need this news on a daily basis. News that actually affects you is rare; news that you can apply is rarer. You do get to make a decision every couple of years, and you do have some ability to affect things even between elections, but the vast majority of daily news consumption is more about getting to shout at the players on the TV rather than actually achieving anything. So I applaud your decision to opt out of it. You can get everything you need to know about the next election in a few hours, two Novembers from now. Unfortunately, in the meantime, a lot of people will be using the shouting-at-the-TV to reaffirm their preconceptions of their own righteousness and the villainy of their opponents, and their decisions will be based largely on exacerbating that. Does that really cover everything that goes into a good measure of their code? ;-) It seems premature to claim that it's "clear". It's only been a year. We're talking about the major providers, who can only be expected to move so fast, either to expand things or to fall apart. Neither the best nor the worst cases materialized. I'd say it's sufficient to leave the burden of proof on those who demanded the change, to at least defend the notion that great improvements are coming. At the very least a risk occurred without any payoff. But it seems to me that there is still plenty of time for both the risks and rewards to materialize. I suspect for most people, it's because a full marathon is at the very limit of their abilities, and a rare event. Most runners will run exactly one; even runners who keep at it will run only one per year. They'll need course support (including the enthusiasm of onlookers and other runners) just to be able to complete it. And they'll want to celebrate it and commemorate it with all the rigamarole that accompanies an organized race: the shirt, the medal, the banana. None of that's necessary, of course, but if you think of it as "150 dollars per year" invested in the sport, rather than "a really expensive day doing the same thing you have been doing", the fees don't seem like all that much. For me, those fees are motivation: I don't want to fail or look stupid at something I paid to do. Stupid, I know, but it's kind of a dumb event anyway. I'd be in overall better shape if I didn't run 26 miles in October and then take two weeks off to recover. And in many places, commuting is precisely the time when shared car-sharing would work best. It's more flexible than carpools, but a lot of people are headed from general-residential-areas to general-work-areas at generally-the-same-time (often with a little flexibility). I'm not a lawyer, but the answer may well be "no, this isn't already covered". Especially when courts like to construe things narrowly, and that anything not specifically mentioned in a law requires relief through the legislature rather than the judicial branch. There will surely be people who claim that this isn't covered by existing defamation laws, and I would not be so sure that a court wouldn't agree with them. Which are pretty much exactly what you think they are: more flexible, more comfortable. Without addressing or acknowledging any of the difficulties (a whole new set of distractions, lack of casual interactions with coworkers, narrower communication channels, pressure to never disconnect). In theory you don't get the course support, though I doubt anybody is ever going to say "No race number, no Gatorade for you!" I'd feel weird about it: they put a lot of effort into closing the roads, coordinating volunteers, getting the water ready, etc. But if I were broke I'd probably put that aside. Hang on, how does that work? If it's something either parent does because it's what they want, then it is indeed not servitude. But in 1973, it fell almost exclusively to the female parent, whether it was what she wanted or not. Many women may well have been happy with that arrangement, but practically no men would have "received positive utility". And either there's something unique about the Y chromosome that makes it impossible for them to enjoy that, or a lot of women weren't so much "happy" as "accepting". We should indeed embrace opportunities for more personal involvement in families -- for both parents. Generous leave is a big start on that. But "100% leave, as long as you're female" is not. The tl;dr on the headline: Penrose tiling -> quasicrystals -> nonstick cookware. But the risk of "we fucked Earth" to the point where it's harder to colonize than Mars is effectively nonexistent. You could set off every nuclear device at once and it would still be easier to live here than on Mars. Even a dinosaur-killing asteroid would still leave the planet easier to live on than Mars. (Many species did survive last time, even without technology.) Because you know something about UX. Good design is a cross-disciplinary activity, mixing the domain knowledge in users' heads with the design knowledge in the heads of developers/designers. This is hard to do well, with few hard-and-fast rules, but it often benefits from collaboration. There are often big a-ha! wins when you're watching a user and ask a question like "why did you do that that way?" or "what if I redesigned it like this?" Users often can't ask those questions because they're focused on doing their job rather than the meta-job of improving it. They often don't realize what's possible. That's no excuse for ignoring their suggestions, and unfortunately many users have been specifically discouraged from thinking how to improve their own experiences by developers who were lazy, incompetent, or merely bureaucracy-laden. But fostering a collaborative environment, where developers learn something about the domain and users learn something about how their tools are created, can lead to much better user experiences than either could do alone. I don't believe that's what it says. They talk about specific things that they don't act on, which are not in and of themselves harassment. That is to say, if somebody is harassing you, you need to have a better justification that it is indeed harassment than merely that it's "reverse racism". Similarly, they're saying that if somebody refuses to explain "cultural appropriation" again, that isn't in itself harassment. I'm perplexed as to why they even felt compelled to say that, since these aren't harassment. As far as I can tell, the point is to specifically call out techniques that are frequently used to harass people, badgering them to justify the same arguments repeatedly, or using frequent reports in the hopes of getting them removed. These are things that occur in a lot of online communities, taking advantage of the large numbers of people in the majority to shut down people who aren't. Moderation is an imperfect process, and they appear to be publicly acknowledging ways in which it fails. And that they will attempt to compensate for it, in ways which are easily misrepresented as "abuse" by people in the best position to benefit from a nominally "fair" process. It's clear that it's not a declaration that marginalized people can engage in harassment. She's not herself a high-powered scientist or philosopher, but she does spend a lot of time around them. For some time her co-host on her podcast was Massimo Pigliucci, a philosophy professor of some moderate note, and whose PhD is in biology. A great many genuine scientists and philosophers are guests. That association does not in itself, of course, give her any accreditation, but she's widely regarded as somebody who takes the philosophy of science seriously, including by organizations like the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry (formerly CSICOP). Having heard her speak many times on her podcast, I'd say she's not the greatest interviewer or the most insightful thinker. But she is more than competent in the domain. "A historian with an eyewitness account knows what happened. A historian with two is never sure." I'm not convinced that "originalism and textualism" is the same thing as "little innovation". The claims of originalists to divine the meaning of the text, and how that meaning applies to new objects and social structures that did not exist at the time, often strike me as remarkably innovative -- in a sense they would find pejorative. The "conservative" judges votes align extremely well with each other and with the wishes of the political party that nominated them -- which is itself frequently not "conservative" in the sense of "conserving" something. In both cases, the claim to "conservatism" strikes me as having a lot more to do with group identity than any consistent ideology or approach. The distinction between "database schema" and "data type" is the same impedance mismatch problem we've had for decades. You end up making an arbitrary transformation somewhere between your operational code and the persistence layer, at which time you have two different formats to represent your data. Any time you represent something twice, at least one of them is wrong, sooner or later. The "schema" is the persistence-layer discussion of the contracts that programmers use to keep separate parts of the program consistent (even when they're divided up among developers, or with yourself over time). The persistence layer may use that information to provide additional services that it can't provide on a blob, like indexing. It's "natural" to do that for performance reasons: you want to lay stuff out on the disk, and limit network traffic. But in terms of code maintenance, that's optimization, and the root of all evil. Few programming environments really take seriously the idea of eliminating that distinction. What I want is a language that pushes up notions like transactions and persistence right into the language itself, and let the compiler/VM take care of whether a piece of data is persistent or not. Ideally, I'd love a programming environment that could just be shut off at any moment and restore itself transparently, including unwinding that had become out of date. I gather that Inferno took that approach, but I haven't had a chance to use it. The relevant bit of that is that it would eliminate the arbitrary distinction between "database schema" and the rest of your program. You'd use the same data specification for both, without a translator (or rather, with the translator completely hidden in the operating environment). I think that there's a typo, and it meant to say "not that this has been proven..." Still not a documented assertion, but it's kind of a negative statement that's hard to prove one way or the other. It's believable that we've simply become hedonically accustomed to gadgets that made us happy to get, and would be unhappy to lose, without actually contributing to an overall increase in happiness -- but that's hard to quantify. I'm sure people have tried, and such attempts should be cited, but it doesn't seem unlikely. Same as with variable scope in the language. Every variable is persistent until deleted or released. Such a language would need to manifest transactions (or some other behavior for consistency), but much of it would be handled with existing language concepts. As with previous discussions about file sharing, although data is replicable, the people who own it will go through some hoops to prevent replication. Many felt that meant that the data ought to be free, and it was widely pointed out that they likely didn't feel that way about data they owned. Some of the same artificial-scarcity tools are applied: when Facebook sells its data, the use of that data is limited by contract, which includes not selling it on or giving it away.