I'm an original author of the code and I made it out of curiosity, not for other reasons. I also prefer readable (and concise) code in general, but shortening the code is a very different matter -- it is a sport (sometimes called code golfing) and not necessarily connected to good programming skills. And note that I have spent (and had to spend) only 24 hours to do it: code golfing is very time-consuming and 24 hours are often short for this standard. ;) For the Brainfuck interpreter, I was also motivated by this StackOverflow question: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1053931/code-golf-shortes... In this sense it does have a practical implication to gauge the minimal possible Turing-complete language implementation. Quid?! Some of my friends verified the case. Highlights: - PHP 5.3.3-1ubuntu9.1 i686 build (built on Oct 15 2010 14:17:04) hits the bug. - PHP 5.3.3-1ubuntu9.1 x86_64 build (built on Oct 15 2010 14:00:18) doesn't have the bug. In the i686 build ltrace shows the memcpy call repeating infinitely, suggesting the bug originates from 32-bit and 64-bit problems. Follow-up: PROBLEM SOLVED. This problem occurs due to IA-32's 80-bit floating point arithmetic. The simple fix: add a "-ffloat-store" flag to your CFLAGS. The problematic function, zend_strtod, seems to parse the mantissa (2.225...011 part) and the exponent (-308 part) separately, calculate the approximation of m*10^e and successively improve that approximation until the error becomes less than 0.5ulp. The problem is that this particular number causes the infinite loop (i.e. the iteration does not improve the error at all) in 80-bit FP, but does not in 64-bit FP. Since x86-64 in general uses the SSE2 instruction set (with 64-bit FP) instead of the deprecated x87 it does not have this problem. Ah, your point is correct. In my defense, I was just tried to be conservative. Seriously, yes. South Korea censors the North Korean websites and some illegal ones (heavy porn, for example) too. I think there are no known such instances against the free speech rather than NK-related ones, but I'm afraid that there might be in the future. If you like JofUR then you may also enjoy Rejecta Mathematica: http://math.rejecta.org/ (Note: it is in fact serious by the way.) I am the author of that website, and I must say that that's basically a huge mess with Makefile, Apache, Mako, Pandoc and Mercurial. ;) They served me well however, and with services like Disqus I think most personal websites can be made of static contents entirely. (Well, I do not use Disqus but I do use Tumblr with a theme synchronized to my main website.) Someday I'll try to package my solution, but that is an another story... Sorry for the confusion; I have edited the post to use the correct term since then. I heartily agree Ton Hospel's solution is amazing (I DID know the existence of the solution), but it is not the same problem. The main difference comes from the difference between C and Perl (you cannot use crypt() in C unless you sacrifice the portability, and Perl's y/...// will cost more bytes in C), and also from the practicalness (my program filters more invalid words out, reducing false positives a lot). Therefore I believe the direct comparison is meaningless here. And you'll end up with the complexity of dependencies with mismatched and/or incompatible versions. Adding a dependency explicitly to the source code is the ultimate, albeit somewhat inefficient, solution which is often useful. In Python, for example, BeautifulSoup has long recommended this practice. See also the SQLite amalgamation for another example of a single-file deployment: http://www.sqlite.org/amalgamation.html I cannot understand why the high C proportion is considered "good"; while it is (still) unusual to write kernels in languages other than C and there is a good reason for it, it does not necessarily mean that a kernel not in C is inferior to a kernel in C. How about BeOS and Haiku, for example? A (quite large) subset of Unicode characters, to be specific. Of course some "letters" are hardly recognizable as letters for many people (for example, Vai syllabary) but they are used as letters in at least one script. No, playing fun with the system itself could be useful in unexpected ways. Like esoteric programming languages (leads to the serious exploration of unconventional computation models), code golfing and obfuscated codes (helps shaping the knowledge of a particular language and often leads to the clever way to tackle problems), demoscenes (you know where the Spore came from) and hacking (with the original meaning). As long as you are aware of doing something unconventional, it is fine to keep these sports. If he/she did put these logos in production then I'll object though. I'm so glad about this response from W3C (I do criticize the general bureaucracy of W3C though). In many aspects, I felt that the recent moves of the HTML living standard were much like that of XHTML2: - Why do keep the redundant element while we can add the href attribute to all elements? - Why do keep while we can generalize the line structure via ? (NB: I'm not sure about the exact element name) Is removing in favor of really different from these statements? How about C-q as an alternative? It is same as C-v (in the default readline mapping) and generally unused. It does not conflict even with Windows' use of C-v. One of problems with the resubmission is that it (intentionally or accidentally) ignores prior discussions until someone manually points out. The resubmission itself is not a problem, as you mentioned, however. I guess a small link to the prior discussions or the HNSearch link to given URL will do a job. I personally prefer the latter, but it seems that HNSearch only indexes the domain name of the URL. Unfortunately there are lots of OpenType features without a good representative name. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_typographic_features As thristian points out, font-feature-settings should be a last resort for rarely-used features without a separate syntax. It is not meant to set all features down. It is correct that W3C certainly lacks the ability to coordinate different vendors. But is it good to abandon the coordination process altogether? No, the problem here is a standardization process and not a coordination process. You at least have to coordinate vendors to maintain the very baseline, no matter Web standard is means or not. (If you don't agree on this, you'd be better looking at the past...) Someone should really bring up the better alternative than Web standard, and not only criticize it. I read it Chrome Mutalisk Mode at a distance for a moment. At least it mutates the cursor. The Java Language Specification indeed states that the shift amount should be ANDed with 31 or 63, depending on a type of the left-hand operand. I guess Notch did not intend this behavior, however. http://docs.oracle.com/javase/specs/jls/se7/html/jls-15.html... > It's much more work than the 26 latin characters, but most of the font design is going to be copy/paste. Not quite. While the minimal Hangul font design requires two sets of initial consonants, one set of vowels and two sets of final consonants (often called 2x1x2), it would be very quirky. Many bitmap fonts used the 8x4x8 design or its variant, the commercially available TrueType/OpenType fonts now have more than 30 sets of subtly differing glyphs. It is easier than drawing all 11,172+ glyphs but not much. Modern Korean no longer distinguishes a prolonged sound at least in the written form. Virtually all words that cannot be set apart without a prolonged sound have been changed to those that can. For example, a short 이 ("teeth") and a long 이 ("two") are now homonym in most dialects of Korean; the former 이 has many synonyms like 이빨 or 치아 however, so they can be often distinguished without a context. Right. Even worse, a grass radical (艸/艹) has more than several dozens of possible glyphs. It includes the biological water that would include the water in trees as well. Well, unless you are saying the dead trees...