I'm curious: what kind of computational challenge are we talking about? Does image recognition take 1 second on a smartphone, or 2 hours on a supercomputer? The JVM is multi-language only because the languages were specifically designed and/or modified to run on it. I'm wondering: how does this compare speed-wise to other real-world JITs. For example, node.js (V8). Are there any tricks used in your VM which are not used by V8, and conversely? The best test of a language is to see if you can write the compiler itself in the language (step 1) and also if you can write the runtime system in that language (step 2). IMHO, both are required for a language to be considered a good "systems language", and a worthy competitor of e.g. C++. I know that the Rust compiler is written in Rust (step 1), but I'm not sure about the runtime. You say that the runtime is disappearing. But, if LLVM is being used, then since it provides the JIT, I'd say it is a really big part of the runtime, actually. But what does a CPU running an idle virtual machine do? If you want to take the statistical approach, then you could also say that there exists a nonzero probability that it is not the case :) I'd rather see an OS and package manager that has a "functional" design (as in functional programming language, functional data structures). This would allow conflicting packages to be installed next to eachother in different branches of a functional filesystem. Wouldn't it be cool if there were a library that could build relational APIs for any problem (including an optimizing SQL compiler)... The problem I have with this is representation. One's brain cells are a certain representation (in other words implementation). Would the same consciousness be present with another representation (e.g., computers on the internet)? How about if we chose a completely different (nonsensical) representation, for example, at time instance t0 the brain is represented by grains of sand, then at t1, the brain is represented by e.g. the trees in a forest, then at t2, etc. My point is that you could ascribe consciousness to just about anything. Also, if the representation of brain cells produces a consciousness, would the (dual) representation of "NO brain cells" also produce a consciousness, and would they thus both exist at the same time or would they collapse into one consciousness? I believe the problem is not that we can't define the "experience of existence", because this phenomenon could exist entirely independently of our physical (scientific) reality. The problem is that there is an interaction between the experience of "I am aware" and the physical reality, for otherwise, we would not be discussing this topic here! This seems interesting. But I find it a bit unsatisfying that it can only be used as a package manager then. How about using this functional machinery, e.g., for a general build system? A "functional make" so to speak. And I bet there are plenty of other use cases. Why do taxes always have to be so artificial? The reason to have income tax is to have people who can afford it contribute to society. I can see how that is a good thing. The reason to introduce an internet tax is what? To only have people who make enough money use the internet? What kind of nonsense is that? Please, let us agree that whenever a new tax is introduced, it is justified. And perhaps lawmakers should ask system/OS programmers for help, because they actually can come up with good and fair rules to make complex interacting systems work as they should. The short answer: if the probability of a collision is smaller than the probability of a meteor landing on your head, then you're fine. Well, it still doesn't make much sense to me. The article speaks of an allocation rate of 400 MB/sec. However, AFAIK, a memory allocator takes time proportional to the number of allocations, NOT the total amount of memory allocated. Or does the "B" stand for block, and not byte somehow? Confused. This is nice. But I'm wondering, why do garbage collectors always have to be written from scratch for each project? Why can't we just have a library that does garbage collection, and does it well? Of course, the library should take a couple of parameters (such as the primitives to use for memory barriers, multithreading parameters etc.) I know of the Boehm collector, but it is conservative, so not appropriate for many projects. Also, I'd expect to find garbage collection (or supporting constructs) in the C++ standard by now, actually. I'm curious: what exactly makes a photon lose its entanglement? Is it an interaction with an atom (electron or nucleus)? If so, how can entangled photons even propagate through matter (fiber glass or the atmosphere) without becoming de-tangled? Or is this a special kind of interaction? > Immutable always returns itself when a mutation results in an identical collection, allowing for using === equality to determine if something has changed. But any smart equality-testing function would already include this. Cool video. But I don't get it really :S I just skimmed through the documentation and it says: > In return for this effort, we get powerful debugging tools Is this the primary purpose of this tool? Or is it the undo feature? Yes, I agree that there should be cooperation between the library and the compiler. But that is also the case for RAII, for example, where the compiler provides the primitives (through language design, e.g., constructors, destructors, copy constructors, etc.) which allow it to work. I'm just wondering why no such thing exists for garbage collection (yes, I'm aware that the interface would be much more complicated). Just wondering, if acceleration == gravity (equivalence principle), how would this be visualized in this model? The problem I always run into with reactive programming is that of glitches, and stuff being recomputed more often than necessary. Glitches can appear when, for example, two inputs of a certain "functional box" change almost at the same time. When input 1 changes, the output changes, and then when input 2 changes, the output changes again, thus resulting in lots of superfluous computation in the chain that follows this output. The nice part about reactive programming is intended to be that stuff gets recomputed incrementally, but in practice this often does not happen! > There is nothing in reactive programming that implies being incremental Yes there is. Because if it's not incremental, then you could replace any "reactive" program by one which just recomputes its outputs every time something changes, from scratch. Reactive programming solves this by only recomputing parts which change. PS: Thanks for the link, I'll look into it! Related and also very interesting: [1] [1] Ulrich Drepper, What Every Programmer Should Know About Memory, http://www.cs.bgu.ac.il/~os142/wiki.files/drepper-2007.pdf Does not work on chromium/linux?