Gentrification, as I've heard it called, has its benefits as well as costs. As artists (or other creative types, like hackers :) move in and beautify a place, demand from professionals goes up and prices skyrocket. Even with the overall real estate market going down, I'm having a heck of a time finding a combined office/apartment at what seems like a reasonable price in my city, which is currently going through a major downtown renovation. If only Detroit wasn't so cold... The hockey and outdoor activities would actually be quite nice, though I have easy access to good hiking where I live now. A ridiculously cheap summer home would also be fun, but when I think about it, I always come to the conclusion that the benefits of the summer home "feature" are outweighed by the long-term maintenance costs. [Edit: though if a large hacker-driven entrepreneurial project actually managed to take over a city block, I would seriously consider moving in. I wonder how the music is in Detroit these days...] Agree with the sunlight recommendation. In my case, controlling light levels makes all the difference. I need it pitch black when I'm supposed to be sleeping (whenever that is), with gradually increasing light when I need to get up. Some motorized blinds and a sunrise simulating alarm (possibly linked into a home automation system) might help, since the sun comes up too early during the summer and late in the winter at high latitudes. I wouldn't recommend it -- from what I've heard, rooster meat is really tough. It's possible to mock up a hardware design in software (just look at console emulators). That gives one a cheap way to demonstrate ideas that can be used to attract investors. Plus, the software version is a useful platform for testing new ideas and identifying hardware bugs. If your hardware idea is radically different from any existing device (rather than using software to make the hardware unique), you can still use physical models to simulate actual mechanical inputs (like accelerometers). Otherwise, you can just find an existing hardware platform and hack it to run your software. The discussion on Groklaw ( http://www.groklaw.net/article.php?story=20090330130655372 ) may be useful to anyone not familiar with the implications of this news (which businessinsider.com is quoting from CNET). To my knowledge, this is a subject that is rarely if ever covered in US schools (I don't recall seeing anything related to software internationalization listed at my university). I'd suggest that those who want to promote translatable software start by encouraging schools to teach their students how to externalize strings, deal with wide characters, etc. The "something real" that was created in the article is a mind mapping web app. Clearly there is a need for a really good mind mapping and idea tracking software, since so many people are taking a stab at the problem (myself included). http://www.phoronix.com/ http://www.groklaw.net/ http://arstechnica.com/ Phoronix can be a good source of updates on a wide variety of software and hardware, and is the source of the biggest Linux benchmark suite, but can sometimes be shallow and dull. Groklaw is always insightful and informative. Ars is usually good, particularly Nobel Intent, but it is starting to drift into the realm of sensationalism. This is very exciting. I use Linux on my desktop, laptop, servers, and embedded devices. I was getting kind of tired of the latency tradeoffs made to improve throughput. The kernel developers are really good at what they do, but like most geeks, sometimes they need a virtual kick in the head to realize that there might be a better way to do something. I'll be trying out his new scheduler as soon as I get a chance to compile a new kernel. I hope it works with the realtime patches. Vim supports undo trees. In addition to the :earlier and :later commands mentioned elsewhere in the comments, there is the :undolist command which lists the tree, and :undo n which jumps to a numbered point in the undo tree. If only it were easy to take the vim undo implementation and bolt it onto any program... I suppose I see using a "one size fits all" scheduler as inherently full of tradeoffs between desktop, realtime, server, and 4096-core-compute-system requirements. IMO distributions and kernel hackers should be able to choose a scheduler that is optimal for their target audience. RHEL would probably stick with CFS, but Ubuntu Studio could use something more latency-oriented, like BFS. Maybe if CK keeps bringing up the issue, eventually someone will figure out an optimal way of measuring perceived latency that will prove or disprove the anecdotes given by CK's "followers." I thought this analysis might provide some useful legal understanding to those of us starting software businesses. This is an argument that people have been making and refuting almost since the dawn of the OSF and FSF. Eric S. Raymond's The Cathedral and the Bazaar addresses this: http://catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-baz... . Essentially, the counterargument is that for popular projects (like the Linux kernel, Apache, etc.), the increased number of eyes on the code will catch more bugs, making up for the ability of attackers to read the code. Referring to the WordPress worm in particular, Reynolds claims (second paragraph under The Problem) that it's not WordPress's fault that its software is buggy, it's Open Source's fault. That seems like claiming that it's not Pons and Fleischmann's fault that cold fusion didn't work, it's science's fault for encouraging them to publish their results. The real problem is that people run out-of-date versions of Internet-facing software. A lot of discussion on LWN and on the LKML seems to focus on the "unbenchmarkability" of UI interactiveness. This is just a guess, but maybe Con's background as an anesthesiologist (rather than a programmer) causes him to understand feelings better than measurements. If I were to assign blame for the latency problems I experience, I would place it on the 100-call-deep stacks that are used to deliver events in Gtk+ and Qt, and on the binary Nvidia driver's lack of good 2D+compositing acceleration. Sci-fi quantum physics takes care of that. Eventually, two correlated ideas randomly pop into existence, and then it's just a race to see how many more ideas you can build on them within 5 minutes. In my experience, having a regular 40-hour-a-week job really destroys my creativity. There's more to being creative than just having some time to spend on creative projects; after doing lots of monotonous things for someone else I used to find myself completely unmotivated to do anything. I think this relates to the feeling among creative types that some business management types don't understand that creativity isn't measured in hours. To tie it into YC, think of the manager's schedule vs. the maker's schedule. A few hours a day after working eight hours for someone else isn't really enough time to get into creative mode. To provide a single anecdote, I am able to get full on two dollar menu items. You don't have to stick to what they define as a "meal" (i.e. burger, fries, soda). If I'm short on time or cash, I can get two double cheeseburgers, or a chicken sandwich plus a salad, for less than $3, drink a glass and a half of water with it, and be full until the next meal. Whether just anyone can do that is another question. I still think it's interesting that, even though the violinist knew which violin he was playing, the audience liked him playing the Opus 58 violin better than playing his own Stradivarius, which he could have been subconsciously influenced to play better because of its familiarity. WattVision sounds like it would be useful as a backend for one part of my YC W10 proposal. I hope to get the opportunity to work with them in the future. Any other Acid Pro users? Here's my equipment/software list: Acid Pro ZynAddSubFX Loads of VST plugins Lexicon PCM81 BSS BLU-160 (this is an installed sound processor that I cajole into doing bizarre and unintended things) Some AKG mics Wurlitzer epiano Ensoniq SQ-80 MicroKORG A couple other keyboards Here are some old tracks from when I used to use myspace: http://myspace.com/n2a I finished 3rd grade reading 5th grade books. In the 4th and 5th grade I was outside playing basketball while the rest of class had to complete their reading assignments. I commend your accomplishments. Still, it seems there was an opportunity lost here. Instead of allowing you to continue to advance, you were held back (in a way) until the rest of the kids caught up to you. Similar experiences in my own earlier education soured my taste for school, though in my case I remember being given explicit directions to stop working ahead and wait for the class to catch up, on multiple occasions. It's my view that certification is an attempt by non-programmers to find some substitute metric that allows them to measure a programmer's worth instead of using the only metric that should matter, the quality of their actual work. I'm not convinced that this is necessary or even possible. Could someone please explain to me why a market-based meritocracy for programmers isn't good enough? The good programmers either establish a reputation and references by doing quality work for other companies, or they can provide examples of code they wrote independently. I think that the lack of mandatory certification is one thing that has allowed software to become such a vibrant field. It's as much an artistic or creative profession as an engineering profession. For the jobs that require engineering precision, a developer's work (or an artist-for-hire's portfolio) should be sufficient qualification. In my experience, CS professors like automating the grading process as much as possible. It's conceivable that your assistant professor was upset she couldn't just run your app through the grading script. Color correction of an 8-bit-per-channel image will leave gaps in the color histogram. It's usually possible to conceal those gaps, though, by blurring the image slightly or adding some noise.