This will easily break the clove. Ok if you are going for finely chopped but less nice if you need thin slices. Another way is to roll the clove between your hands for a few seconds. Trim the top and bottom off, roll, peel. Also if you use a garlic press, there's no need to peel. Actually it's easier to clean the pres if you don't. Use plastic bags or containers to keep vegetables fresh in the fridge. Things like carrots dry out in no time in a fridge but stay usable for weeks if you simply keep them in a plastic bag. I've thrown away vegetables for years before figuring this out. For a good tutorial on sharpening & honing, checkout this insightful tutorial by French Guy Cooking: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rWYIU1L_8vA&t=5s I can recommend setting up audit beat & kibana or similar. Auditbeat is a recent addition to the Elastic beats agents and it sends audit logs for a lot of things, including ssh logins, system calls, and you can monitor changes to files/directories as well. So, you can flag boxes where people are poking around in /etc, and see which boxes are being accessed via ssh by which user. We have this and a few other elastic beats on most of our vms in amazon baked into the amis we use. So anything deployed by us starts sending lots of data to our logging cluster for metrics, auditing, internal application events, stacktraces from our docker infrastructure, syslogs, etc. How can you write an article like this without bringing up self driving cars? The end game for Uber is to get drivers out of the loop completely. So, this is just a temporary problem. It's going to get a whole lot worse if your plan in life is to drive vehicles around to make money. This is not about the gig economy but simply about a lot of jobs becoming commodities before being automated away completely. Anyone with decent navigation solution in their car can compete with whatever awesome skills this medallion used to represent in terms of geographical knowledge. It's an outdated concept that dates back to the days that actually taxis were horse & carriage and it was kind of helpful to have some guarantees that the driver knew where to go. Not a thing any more. I've used both; ant as well in the distant past. More gradle than maven lately but I still have a few maven projects. True for both is that you don't want to push them beyond simple stuff. It just gets ugly and most of your team will look the other way when it is time to sit down and fix the build (usually that job lands in my lap). There are maven and gradle plugins for just about everything and it is tempting to use them but your build files will quickly become very complex and unmaneagable. Worse, a lot of these plugins are poorly documented, if at all, and tend to not add a lot of value. And that's before you start hitting the corner cases, bugs, and left as an exercise to the reader type stuff that just requires copy pasting bits of half working stuff from all over stackoverflow. Once you go down that path, maven and gradle are equally frustrating. Solution in both cases is to simply not even try to do everyting in a build file and fall back to simple alternatives: use a small run.sh instead of trying to get some unholy maven xml blob or gradle script to fork off a jvm just right; really a script is a lot easier to write, maintain and it does exactly what it says. And even better, you get to reuse it in the last line of your Dockerfile where you start your software. Speaking of Docker, packaging things up as a docker image (or rpm, or whatever), is also definitely out of scope for build files. I'm sure it is possible to do with some unholy combination of craptastic plugins in both; but why even bother? Just use a Dockerfile and docker build for that. They are nice and simple and any decent devops person knows how to work with them. Actually, in some of my projects the whole build is a docker build. It's great! I let it take care of downloading the jdk, gradle/mvn, and then let it download the world as a separate docker layer before letting it build the software. Most of the builds it jumps straight to building software unless I touch the build file. Also makes for really simple CI: all your build server needs to know is docker. Also people can build and run your software without installing anything else than docker (and git, and maybe a few other bits and pieces). Add some docker compose and you can do integration tests (another thing that you should not attempt from a build file). Also, with both maven and gradle: avoid multi module setups. They slow down your builds, multiply your complexity, and all for the illusion of not quite having reusable components. Once you have two modules, you will need three, and four, etc. There's no end to it. Just don't. Usually you are just looking at Conway's law in action: it rarely buys you anything but misery and slow builds. KISS & YAGNI. Funnily, 10 times harder is exactly my experience with most maven plugins. Maven is fine if you stick to compile, test, and jar. Anything beyond that just tends to escalate into madness. Was wondering the same. I've been using csvkit a lot lately. This looks like a subset of functionality using more or less the same approach. Csvsql uses sqlite under neath and you can do some nice things with this like joins, using sql functions, etc. There is also stuff like amazon athena that allows you to do similar things in s3 at scale. Csvkit is great with pipes and you can also easily convert between csv tsv and even stuff like json. The reason RSS is still here, is that things like feedly, inoreader, and others that filled the google reader gap continue to have millions of loyal users and just about every blog and news publisher still publishes rss feeds because it is easy to do and you lose potential clicks if you don't. Google killed Google reader to make buzz work (failed) and the several other thingies they have been pushing since (also failing). FB, twitter, and the "more of the same old shit" algorithms that they try to pass as machine learning are currently failing in the market. FB is losing users because it has nothing interesting to show to them and because they have been taken hostage by paying customers that depend on idiots clicking on click bait. Twitter is desperately trying to get rid of real time because they believe it is more "interesting" to keep week old tweets on top that are somehow "more relevant". The branding thing is a bit disingenuous; this is really about ads and tracking. Good luck with that, blocking all of it like most serious users these days and also GDPR is not going to help your cause. RSS as a publishing mechanism is fine. The firehose needs work though. It needs reliable filtering, curation, and aggregation. That's the gap filled by hacker news and other aggregators. And having access to the firehose is nice sometimes. Back in the day at Nokia Research we were abusing their N800 linux tablets (mind you, this was 2007, way before the iphone shipped and when android was a mere rumor). These things were running a debian linux based OS with X based UI, and a mozilla based browser. Pretty much anything command line just worked after a simple apt-get install and most gui stuff kind of worked except for formfactor issues (low resolution screen, touch based interaction, keyboard overlay, etc.). The N800 specs were very modest compared to this stuff (something like 500Mhz and 256MB if I'm not mistaken). So, for command line stuff, most of the stuff you'd use 12 years ago would still be valid today. Stuff hasn't really changed that much. If anything, some things might run a bit faster than they used to on the same hardware due to ongoing optimizations and cumulative fixes. E.g. python has improved a lot since 2.5, which I think was current then. Compilers have gotten better, kernels have improved a lot, etc. However, these days, a minimum requirement for most would be to be able to run a modern browser (i.e. with all the security holes patched) capable of browsing all popular websites. Unfortunately, that just requires a lot of memory and CPU these days. Websites have gotten a lot more complex in the last 12 years. I'd say memory is actually the biggest bottleneck here. Most laptops are effectively idling most of the time and grow extremely hot if you actually run them at 100% CPU. So a modern low power ARM SOC with enough memory suitable for e.g. a mid range smart phone of around 200$ should have everything you need for comfortable browsing. I tend to regard interviews as an opportunity to determine if the company doing the interviewing is worth working for. People like me are highly employable/contractable. So, the way an interview works is very simple: you got lucky enough for me to take note of the fact that you are looking for somebody with my skill-set and I've determined that you are worth talking to. Fantastic, because I ignore all HR & recruiter spam so you probably found me through some mutual contact that I trust. Great, now we meet and my expectation is for you to decide to hire me on the spot and be extremely enthusiastic about it and get in a mode where you are selling the job to me as something that I want. We both know that nobody else similarly qualified is just going to walk in and take the job. If so anyway, my advice is to hire them on the spot. No hard feelings. So, very simple choice. Either we like each other or we move on. You don't get to ponder your decision for very long. The words "home work exercise" typically don't feature in such a conversation. This solves part of a real problem. There are a lot of tools out there but end to end integration is left as an exercise to the reader. I'd love some out of the box sanity when it comes to devops, CI/CD, and cloudhosting. Instead I'm stuck building nw architectures, deployment scripting, dealing with archaic broken by default configs of misc bits and pieces, host configurations, build servers & CI/CD pipelines, etc. from scratch. Add log aggregation, security auditing, and other nice to haves that are actually not optional these days (what are you running blind and ignoring failed ssh attempts?) and you have a full explanation why so many companies make a mess of all of the above. IMHO a lot of stuff in this space are either focusing on making life harder through added complexity to up-sell support or more services or on solving a narrow problem in such a way that you have to still take care of a lot of other stuff. Basic income for some is not basic income. No country has tried this yet. Most countries actually do have a form of basic income where they are subsidizing food, shelter, healthcare in some form or another for essentially all people falling outside of the safety net of income, pensions, social security & welfare, charity, etc. I tend to think of basic income as the former without the absolutely massive bureaucratic overhead. An enormous cost saving in other words. To put this in perspective: many European countries spend almost as much on unemployment programs and related bureaucracy as they do on the actual benefits payed to the unemployed. With a basic income you could abolish minimum wage, make labor cheaper for companies and less risky, make it easier for people to take multiple small jobs to supplement their basic income and reduce their risk, stop forcing people to retire or forcing them to work until they are allowed to retire (both are bad), make all forms of income insurance opt in (pensions, disability benefits, unemployment insurance), etc. It just simplifies things a lot. The reason this is not happening is that dismantling the existing bureaucracy is highly disruptive and will be hugely unpopular. I love this book. Still very current despite the fact it was published in the nineties. I re-read most of Neal Stephenson's stuff every few years. Just finished Anathem, again ;-). I see this as a form of hidden unemployment that we just happen to favor sponsoring collectively for whatever reason. These people would fall back to basic income and be free to take jobs just like everybody else; depending on ability and willingness. But I take your point and this is why I pointed out that dismantling this will be highly disruptive and unpopular. Ironically, the problem is bigger in countries that are more likely to otherwise be in favor of a form of basic income. I.e. countries with extensive existing social security systems. Sure, just like today's disabled people are not left to die on the streets. Many disabled people never had careers to begin with so it is not a massive change. And you could always opt in to some form of disability insurance. Varies from country to country of course. The UK has comparatively little job security and benefits and it is an expensive place to be out of work. I did the back of the envelope calculations for the Netherlands a few years back and the amounts spent on this are quite high. I've confirmed with friends from Finland and Germany that the situation is similar there. But based on the numbers you cite, the UK has about 66M inhabitants. So 167 billion/ 66 million, is about 210 per month per capita. Not great to live on of course but it's a start. And this is absolutely everybody counting babies, children, the elderly, etc covered. I quickly googled some numbers https://fullfact.org/economy/welfare-budget/ that are loosely aligned with what you cited with a little more detail. Based on their number of 217 billion, you get to about 273/month. That's a little under what wellfare gets you per month ( https://www.gov.uk/income-support/what-youll-get ). Interestingly that 217 billion includes only 2.4 billion as unemployment benefits as opposed to a category of 'other' that is listed as 14.5 billion or 18 pounds per month per capita spent on what I assume is bureaucracy. That 217 excludes NHS, which is another 110 or so billion; or about 138 per month. Since that basically already takes care of healthcare for everyone; no need to change that. You get where I'm going with this. if you start doing back of the envelope math like this, stuff starts adding up towards an admittedly lowish basic income for everybody being feasible at the cost of 23% of GDP. It gets better if you take into account that some people live together (aka. families) and can pool resources. It gets even more interesting when you start looking at the tax situation. Income tax + social insurance fees don't quite add up but can be supplemented by VAT, corporate taxes, and other fees. Arguably, if you make labor cheaper, you could raise the corporate taxes a bit. Also, people that work still pay taxes over what they earn extra. There are a lot of people that are not working at all right now that might work a little bit if it earned them some extra. So, it's not a zero sum game and there are lots of financial knobs to fiddle with here of course. They invested in and are partnering with Here for maps and navigation. Having worked there, providing global maps and navigation is a very non trivial thing to pull off; which is why there are only handful of companies doing their own maps. It took Apple and Google many years to stop depending on third party maps that they were licensing from Teleatlas (now owned by Tom Tom) and Navteq (now part of Here), which were at the time the only suppliers of maps and navigation world wide. Apple is still in the process of shifting away from Tom Tom I think. Ironically both got more serious about doing their own maps after Nokia bought Navteq. So, Amazon did the smart thing and simply partnered instead of reinventing that wheel so they could have a maps solution for their Android fork and not depend on Google Maps while still implementing the relevant APIs for app compatibility. Here is in fact using AWS so that ticks that box ... OSM is nice but entrenched in licensing issues that are preventing adoption by big corporations. That's the reason that you'll be hard pressed to find anything but niche products for navigation based on OSM. It's a great solution if you are not mixing your own data sources with what OSM provides but that is not an option for most commercial players and OSM licensing is all about preventing exactly that. Microsoft had OSM maps for a while on Bing but they couldn't do any fancy features based on their own data on top of it so it got scrapped. The only meetings engineers should have are 1) regular status/planning meetings and other agile related meetings. It's a good idea to block these in a single time block. 2) one on ones with managers. These are short meetings and can be planned well in advance or be very adhoc. 3) whiteboard meetings for problem solving. Everything else tends to be a waste of time. 4) very infrequent all hands type meetings. Since leaving the corporate world, I've been doing startups and freelance work. I tend to not use a calendar for meetings because they are so rare these days. Likewise, I've all but eliminated email from my life. It's just not a thing anymore to read and write lengthy emails. We use slack to replace both meetings and email. I use Umlet in the rare case where I actually need to produce a diagram. Umlet has a nice delarative syntax and allows you to create complex diagrams with a minimum of fuss. Which for me is the key point because Imho, most diagrams are completely pointless. The less time spent on them, the better. But sometimes you just have sit down and waste some time on them. I don't get a lot of value out of diagrams for the work it takes to produce them. The problem is not saving the publishers and aggregators (aka. newspapers, magazines, etc) but reinventing journalism. All major publications, including the big ones, have been squeezing on journalistic quality. There's a surplus of journalists that are either unemployed or peddling their services writing freelance articles where they are payed by the word. That's not sustainable in its current form but it might be the beginnings of something new: offering these people a way to get revenue. This business is essentially reputation driven; good journalists get payed more and have an easier time getting their work published. Right now they do this at fixed price by selling themselves to media syndicates that are taking most of the profits for themselves. There seems to be no way other than monetizing through largely ad driven media silos. This is a race to the bottom. You get shit articles that offer confirmation bias to pre-selected demographics based on what ads they can publish. I'd gladly pay up for a netflix/spotify style news subscription model with a fair distribution model. This would enable niche publications and journalists to do their thing in the same way that niche artists and series are thriving on spotify and netflix. But it would have to be an inclusive platform; I'm not paying for a handful of big brand publications with some filler content that I can get elsewhere for free. I want basically a good subset of all relevant publications in the same way that most artists are on Spotify. I don't want to have to micromanage subscriptions either. Just measure what I read, and how long I read it, etc. and make sure the relevant copyright owners get their cut. I want good journalists to get a fair cut of the earnings. That's money the journalists are missing out on. I've not bought a news paper in years, I have no online news subscriptions and never payed for paper subscriptions. I also have an ad-blocker and routinely bypass naively implemented paywalls with private browsers. That's billions of completely untapped revenue potentially and none of it ad based. Enough to pay for the work of tens of thousands of journalists. At 5$/month, 20 million subscribers is about 1 billion in revenue, which at a generous 100K per year could pay for 10K journalists. I'd say a good enough platform can easily do better than that in just the US alone. Companies like oracle typically require copyright transfer for contributions. This allows them to use differently for their enterprise version since they are the only copyright holder. It is designed to have properties similar to currency. So yes, it is money technically. But from a legal point of view this is less clear with some countries treating them as securities instead. And from a practical point of view the high transaction cost, slow throughput, and big exchange rate fluctuations make crypto currency unusable for day to day usage. However, this can change. Proof of stake and other approaches can fix the technical issues and some countries are further than others with legislation. That's the case right now; except I don't read any of that. To get my money, journalists would have to up their game. And mind you, I pay 0$ right now. So changing that changes the incentives. If people still mostly want the stuff they are being fed right now AND are happy paying for that, well ... who are we to complain. Recently getting into kotlin and to a lesser extent Rust; also from a Java background. First of all, there's more to learning a language than understanding the syntax. That you can accomplish in a few hours, depending on your understanding of the underlying concepts. But from there to grasping new idioms specific to a language and generally being productive takes a lot longer. You have to engage with it for longer time and be forced to solve all the day to day problems you are going to have. So, learn by doing that. Just pick any modestly scoped project you are interested in doing and start doing it. Start with something not critical but still interesting enough that it is worth doing. I tend to avoid completely academic stuff. Then build on that. In my case, I've been converting Java code to Kotlin for a few weeks now and am getting to the point where I'm comfortable with the language. Kotlin is of course the easy thing to pick up if you are doing Java since it is designed to be easy to make the switch. So definitely would recommend doing that provided your team is OK with that. It starts paying off pretty early in terms of reduced complexity and verbosity and extra type safety. Rust is a bit harder but the only way to learn is by doing. I've been taking baby-steps there but it looks worth my time. There I've been reimplementing some OSS stuff I did years ago with an eye to reviving those projects. Progress is more slow because it is too academic. But rust has a lot of new idioms for me to wrap my head around before I can use it professionally so slow is not necessarily bad.