See Ypsilon Scheme: http://code.google.com/p/ypsilon/ Ypsilon has been developed as a fundamental technology for LittleWing Pinball Construction System. More info: http://www.littlewingpinball.com/contents/en/ypsilon.html Yeah, like the Lisp Machine from 1980. Command: (software-type) "Lisp Machine" Command: (time:parse "twenty-nine years before yesterday") 0 0 0 4 4 80 4 NIL :RELATIVE France has solved nothing. The nuclear waste problem is unsolved in France as it is everywhere else. Depends in which areas. If you are in environmental sector (for example alternative energy) there is a good chance that the technology has been developed in Germany. Same for machines, cars, ... Europe has several companies competing in the area of high-speed trains. The US has none. It is just thinking about having their own high-speed train services (minus the Acela, which is not really high-speed), where Europe has lots of those in France, Germany, Spain... There are innovation areas where Europe actually now is ahead of the US. That happened, because the US was more focused in finance, space and military technology - and less so with other engineering areas (often civil). The German 'Mittelstand' (medium sized companies) has lots of 'Weltmarktführer' (market leaders) which are based on innovation and technology in their areas. Software is part of their offerings, but it is not the web-based software what they develop. It is often embedded software or applications. Guess what, these companies are fully exposed to global competition. Actually their market is global - which is why Germany has a huge trade surplus - from selling high-tech, machines, tools, cars, trains, robots, ... The article is also not really correct with respect to 'Theseus'. Theseus is a german research project in the area of semantic knowledge infrastructure. It is not a start up company and it is not done with France. Theseus is basic research. Volkswagen is also long ago - it was founded by the Nazis. It is not an example how companies are created in Germany nowadays. It is true that Germany has less venture capital and its innovation is not that much based on creation of startup companies funded by venture capital. But that does not mean innovation is government controlled or induced. The example I mentioned above, innovation in the 'Mittelstand' is the counter example. How about taking the money away from DARPA and do some actually useful research? For somebody with 15 years of Lisp experience he sure managed to mention the most trivial use of macros. If I need to run my programming language to run on top of the infrastructure of another program language to use its services, the designers made something wrong. Today larger applications are based on layers communicating with each other over all kinds of ways. Deeply embedding is just one way. I also think that developers should do more than read books to evaluate a technology. Reading Lisp books is surely not sufficient - eventually the author now was able to use a Lisp dialect and not only read about it. The author is also mostly guessing that 'Clojure has all the benefits of LISP' without having used other Lisps. can Clojure now save images? does it have CLOS? I thought a huge different to many Lisp dialects is that Clojure is not especially object-oriented. In contrast to most CL implementations (and other Lisp dialects like ISLisp, many Scheme implementations, ...), which are very object-oriented - using many CLOS-based libraries. can it compile to C? can I use it without the JVM? does it start up in less than ten ms? programmable reader? more powerful exception handling for interactive software? tail calls? etc. etc. I'm not saying that you need all that, but saying that Clojure has all that a typical CL implementation or what some of the more advanced Scheme implementation offer would surprise me... if you say: Clojure is a member of the family of Lisp languages x is the set of features that all the members of the Lisp family share Clojure has all features in x then this is trivially true and not surprising. But if you compare the specific language and implementation called Clojure with, say, the specific implementation Clozure CL (CCL), then I would say that there are quite a few features (and their benefits) of CCL that are both available in a lot of other Lisps (for example direct support for object-oriented programming or the ability to save and restart the state) that Clojure lacks. Also true, Clojure has a few features (especially features that are not widely shared among Lisps like STM) that CCL lacks. hmm, could that list not be replaced by one book? Common Sense for Dummies Now we only need some data that somebody in a billion years wants to read. I don't care that much how people perform in exams. I don't hire people when they need drugs to reach the work level they claim to be at. Should I send the guy to a consultant job and on expenses then pay for the drugs he needs to do his/her job? Here is what I do to improve mental performance: I go jogging with my co-workers in the morning. It is well known that sports like these also increase mental capacity + it also has lots of other positive effects. you can open your mind by watching the nature. In the Lisp 'world' a thunk is often a function/closure with no parameters. I go jogging to maintain a certain fitness level, no to 'induce opiod'. I do understand why it hasn't taken over the world. I also don't care. But then I also don't listen to Britney Spears' 'music'. How much impact had Guy Steele on the design of Java? My guess was always that Java was mostly designed when he arrived and he was hired for his experience in standards and his writing capabilities. Given that Mr. Steele co-wrote a book on C, worked on the standard for High Performance Fortran, the CL standard, and other things. not really. The Symbolics Lisp Machine came with a huge library of thousands of class and 30000+ functions. Additionally it had compilers for Fortran, C, Pascal and others. It could compile things like TeX and X11 on the Lisp Machine. He just does not want to build on the JVM. I can understand that. The JVM is optimized for Java and nothing else. SUN has not done much to support other languages (functional, dynamic, ...) on top of the JVM (Microsoft does that with its .net infrastructure, though). Using the JVM for Lisp is fine, because it is there. But it is ugly, since it is alien for Lisp. More alien than x86 is for Lisp. So you would not write hybrid Java and Clojure programs? You would not reuse and extend Java classes? Strange. I thought Rich went to the JVM because the eco system is so rich ;-) and not just because it happens to have a code execution environment and a garbage collection implementation. Strange, most people on comp.lang.lisp seem to use Common Lisp on UNIX, Linux, Mac OS X, JVM. Many edit in Emacs or VIM. Most use some kind of X11 window system. Seems to me pretty pragmatic. just not for a Lisp dialect. The mismatch is known and widely documented. they were in the Luftwaffe and a part of the war machine of Nazi Germany reading a bit through the history I have the impression that projects like these were taking resources but achieving little. I doubt a plane like this with the technology of that time would have had any impact in the war, other than losing lots of pilots in an unstable plane. is there any non-military research left in the US? The page is lightweight with a reason. The documents are linked to another server with more bandwidth (but with a slight disk problem, I hope it still survives a bit). More 'problematic' was comment of mine on reddit where I linked to some pages with images. If it is slow, then it is more especially when somebody looks at such a page. Well, when Clinton was president, two Symbolics XL1200 and then later two DEC Alphas running Open Genera were serving the White House Publication Server (a part of Clinton's web presence). Those two machines did get a lot more hits than my home site does. I had the chance to look at the live logs during the monica levinsky scandal. ;-) Anyway, don't crawl the site. It is for reading, not for crawling. It's up in this way since 2003 and I hope it stays this way. Thanks. ;-)