FYI: Big Ball of Mud has two meanings. The one author uses and Lisp meaning. "APL is like a beautiful diamond - flawless, beautifully symmetrical. But you can't add anything to it. If you try to glue on another diamond, you don't get a bigger diamond. Lisp is like a ball of mud. Add more and it's still a ball of mud - it still looks like Lisp." - unknown (alternatively Lisp is bean bag because it always returns to its original shape) He uses big ball of mud is a software system that lacks a perceivable architecture. Lisp BBoM is not lacking architecture. In the Lisp use of the term it means that you can extend the system incredibly without losing the "Lispiness". It looks and feels the same after extensions (if those extensions are done right). In Lisp building complex framework don't suddenly turn your programming xml-file configuration and annotating for code generators. This infographic gets metric prefix wrong. Kilobyte 1000 bytes, symbol: kB Kilobyte (kibibyte) for 1024 bytes, symbol: KB or KiB Same for all other prefixes. Kafkaesque. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kafkaesque#Legacy I think this might be good time to mention HiBase and Shades projects and related research for data structures and functional programming environments. http://www.cs.hut.fi/~siva/hibase/ HiBase was project funded by Nokia. The Goal was to develop a persistent functional programming environment with for telecom environments. The reason why it was functional was the observation that in functional programming environment you can model data as graph where references point only backwards in time. In other words, if you just constantly write your data into the database and have smart GC, you can recover very fast from crashes. Just like telecom environment likes it. The project was canceled, some say for reasons to do with internal company politics, but it showed huge promise. It was already 10X faster than competing commercial databases that were tweaked by their developers to perform well in testing. The author argues that when string processing becomes complicated, it does not matter and incorrect results are usually OK. Everybody knows about Bobby Tables? How about Mr. เจ้าพระยาบดินทรเดชา Unicode? What if somebody told you that if certain exotic names are entered into the system by certain input method, government officials can't find those people in their searches, including full text search to a police report? Progressives? Did you know that Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman supported the idea? Negative income tax is one way to implement basic income. There are others. Because they are not the same concept. Universal Artificial Intelligence is not same as Human Level Artificial intelligence. There is no reason to assume that human intelligence is universal. Or intelligence is biased towards picking berries and avoiding bears in three dimensional world. I find the argument for minerals to be off at least few orders of magnitudes financially, >"The Moon is full of resources - mainly rare earth elements, titanium, and uranium, which the Earth is really short of, and these resources can be used without limitation. Titanium is ninth-most abundant element in the Earth's crust. Normal soil contains 0.5% - 1.5% titanium. All we need is energy for the process of separating them. Rare earth elements are expensive but not so expensive that we need to go to the moon. After we have used all conventional mines for rare earth, we can get them from the bottom of the sea more economically (see for example: http://www.nature.com/news/2011/110703/full/news.2011.393.ht... ) Uranium would be incredibly expensive if it would be mined on the moon. In theory HE3 mining could be viable, unless investments in deuterium+tritium fusion reactor that would produce HE3 for helium reactors is better investment. Even then, building separate deuterium-tritium fusion reactors that produce He3 for He-He fusion reactors could be more financially sound idea. >country with stark poverty for most of its rural majority is a sign of China's tyrannical government China lifted more than 600 million people out of poverty between 1981 and 2004. The ongoing Chinese urbanization effort is massive. From 2010 to 2025, 300 million Chinese (little less than US population) now living in rural areas will move into cities. China has tyrannical government, but it's not incompetent like it was during the Mao era. They know that they can keep the power only as long as they keep making things better for majority of people. If they fuck up, no security apparatus can keep people from toppling them. China must ensure that China has the energy needed to reduce poverty and increase living standards. The great sucking noise in Africa is part of that, so is the conflict in the China Sea. If they look for the Moon for resources, that's not surprising. Was your intention to compare gold and DOW as investments for long term? In that case you should ask question: "What is the price of Dow Jones Industrial Average dividends reinvested in ounces of gold?" In long term, the majority of value in stock markets comes from dividends. That does not show in stock price graphs. This is how lazy Haskell programmers solve every problem. I don't understand the challenge part. Why don't people with bad hearing go nuts in normal quiet rooms if not hearing anything is so challenging? If Bitcoin drops to around $200, it's just following long term exponential growth trend with of booms and corrections. If Bitcoin drops much below $100 we can talk about crash. Many parts with Oberon system would have been perfect for passing code around in the the Internet. The one pass compiler, for example, was lightening fast and compact. I think Oberon system is worth of study. Either they are going to be autonomous or this will be very expensive delivery system. One man attending one package delivery for 20-30 minutes will not do. If they have human involvement, it's just checking the drop point. In any case, it will be extremely low paid job. London suffered from bad smogs almost century before they did anything to them. Great Smog was just one incident. sci-fi? It's more like reminder from the history. Rapid industrialization and increase in living standards seems to follow familiar pattern. Great Smog of London documentary https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vkx-2mT1-q4 Investment idea: Companies that manufacture sulfur dioxide scrubbers for coal plants. The way 80% of real real world (non academic) data mining problems are solved: 1. Feature selection. 2. intelligent data massage. Real world data has usually noise that humans can easily identify as irrelevant or erroneous. 3. logit regression. Starting with simple, well understood algorithms first should be the second lesson after knowing about validation sets. In those cases where they are not enough, they set the baseline for comparison against other algorithms. Average income, average net wealth and now average inheritance. I'm sure that numerically literate HN readers understand why these numbers are misleading. Especially when you use them to compare America to other countries. Arithmetic mean does not give you look into life of average American. Median should be used instead. You are assuming that English and international use of the term democracy was developed by American and for America. That's not the case. The evolution of the use of the word happened in England and France. Frenchman Marquis d’Argenson (1694-1757) was first to define representative democracy in the way it's used today. Using coding examples like conditional compilation is not right abstraction for programmers to understand how genes compute. GRN is. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gene_regulatory_network#Modell... GRN can be modeled using different levels of abstraction and accuracy as boolean network , recurrent neural network or as stochastic gene networks. In other words, they are capable of complex computations, but computational model looks more like neural network or stochastic network.