You might want to consider punting on the question altogether by taking angel money as convertible debt instead of equity. Or try this: http://www.flownet.com/ron/QM.pdf It's a meat market. I applied (out of intellectual curiosity) and got in, but decided not to actually go through with it when I learned that birthday, age, height and "build" (choices are "slim", "athletic", "average" and "curvy") are required information before you can activate your account. I wasn't planning on it. Don't let that stop you though. > (How big? I don't know. Big!) I didn't say it was a big problem, I said it was a real problem. And the larger your code base, and the more people start sharing code, the more real it will be. It is only a matter of time before someone writes something like: (let foo snoz (jims-macro frotz)) and gets an error of the form "42 is not a valid function" and has to spend an hour puzzling over where that error came from before realizing that Jim's macro expands into Bob's macro which expands into Ann's macro which uses a helper function called foo. Is it a "big" problem? Maybe not. But it's a real problem, and given that one of your stated goals was to design "the 100 year language" I think it's a shame that you chose to solve it by placing the burden on the programmers. (And I use the plural advisedly here, because the potential for encountering this problem grows as the community grows and people start re-using each other's code.) But I would reiterate that the lack of abstract data types is IMO a much bigger problem than the lack of hygienic macros. (And just so you know I'm not just sniping from the sidelines, I have proposed solutions implemented in CL which I'd be happy to help port to Arc if you agree that this is in fact a problem.) > It seems several people are comparing Arc to other Lisps. Not me (at least I hope not). I was trying to judge Arc entirely by the standards that Paul set for it in his foundational essays. > what would it take for you to use Arc instead of Python for web programming? At the very least better documentation :-) There appear to be some really cool things in the Arc web infrastructure, but the only way to figure out how to use them at the moment seems to be to reverse-engineer the code. That's kinda the right idea. There are two problems with your specific proposal: 1) it places a considerable burden on the programmer to annotate every invocation of a top-level function. For complex macros that can become quite annoying. 2) Baking the concept of a single top-level into the macro system makes it hard to add modules later. If you pursue the idea of having the system walk the code and automatically insert those annotations you will (almost certainly) end up re-inventing hygienic macros. (For the record, I much prefer the Lisp2 solution, because it's the hacker's solution. It's not mathematically elegant, but it's simple (compared to hygiene) and it gets the job done.) For the record, I did not submit this article, and specifically declined a request to do so. It's not that I don't stand by what I wrote (I do) but it was written for a specific audience at a specific time and I don't think it deserves the attention that it's getting now. Thanks! > Is this not sniping from the sidelines? No, because I'm hacking too :-) > Ron criticizes, but doesn't suggest anything better That's because my whole point is that programming is much too rich and complicated for any one metric to be particularly useful. (Ironically, the exact same thing is true of painting, which is Paul' central metaphor!) Working on it. My favorite quote: Lisp was great at the time of its inception if only for a radically new way of using machines. It has suffered the fate of having been elevated to a status of de facto standard with all its defects. Despite its conceptual novelty a lot of the design of Lisp is terribly amateurish even by the standards of the time. When I read the first manual, the Lisp 1.5 manual, published in 1961, I could not believe my eyes. It was an extremely poor language. Now it has become the defacto standard of the AI community, which now suffers from Lisp, the way the rest of the world suffered from Fortran. What's wrong with the file system? I suggest FST and RST. These are composable, e.g. FFRRST == CAADDR. Y Combinator of course :-) I agree. Taking an equity investment at a too-high valuation can jeopardize your chances of getting more money down the road. If, as you say, you don't need the cash and you're doing this for the connections, just give them the 0.1% in exchange for their services as a consultant. Taking such a tiny amount of cash for equity will be more trouble than it's worth. It's not just the academic job market -- all of Western civilization is a pyramid scheme. Here's a shorter version of the same thing: http://www.flownet.com/ron/chaitin.html I've used TrustCommerce and I highly recommend them. I've also used authorize, paymentech, and cybersource. TC is head-and-shoulders above the rest IMO. From first principles, actively looking for such a person is IMO a major mistake. You are essentially looking for someone to invest in your company, but to buy their shares with labor instead of cash. So you need someone who is 1) financially able to make such an investment, 2) a savvy enough investor to be able to assess whether or not your company is worth investing in (or foolish enough to make the investment without due diligence) and 3) able (and willing) to program. Such a mix of skills and financial means is very rare. This is not to say that if you should happen to be lucky enough to find such a person that you should not hire them, but actively looking is not wise. Division of labor is a very powerful tool and should not be discarded lightly. You're much more likely to succeed if you get investors to invest and hackers to hack and not try to fram these two disparate skills into one brain. IMHO, YMMV, etc. Yes, that is what founders do. But you didn't say you were looking for a co-founder who could hack, you said you were looking for a hacker willing to work for equity. These are not the same thing. The distinction is important. Asking for "a hacker who works for equity" (with only a "chance to be part of the founding team") makes it sound like you're looking for someone to be an employee and an investor, but not a member of the senior management team. Pretty cool, but you kind of gave it away with that headline. I suspect this has something to do with OLPC switching from Linux to XP. Take any fish fillet about 1/2-3/4 inch thick. Sprinkle with the seasoning of your choice. Stick it in a toaster over set to 400 degrees. (Put a sheet of tinfoil in the baking tray and you won't even have any cleanup.) It will be done in ten minutes. While you are waiting, boil 1 cup of water. Turn off the heat and throw in 2/3 cup of couscous. This should put you at about the five minute mark. Throw a veggie of your choice in the microwave. Everything will be done, hot, tasty and nutritious at ten minutes. It's pretty foolproof and east-cleanup too. This is pretty much our standard dinner most nights. (And I'm not even doing a startup right now!) > That's sort of a semantic debate, isn't it? No. There's one very significant difference between a VC and YC. VC's invest other people's money. YC doesn't. VC's may also invest their own money, but this is incidental to their primary business, which is to assemble investment portfolios for other people to invest in. They charge a fee for this, and many VC's make most of their money from these fees, not from the returns on the investments. This has real consequences. VC's are much more risk-averse than YC, because if they have a bad year it can put them out of business. (No one will want to invest their money in a VC which lost money for their previous investors.) If YC has a bad year they can just shrug it off, learn from the experience, and try again. This dynamic also changes the VC's risk posture in another way. A VC has much more to lose from a loss than they have to gain from a really big win. If a VC has a really big win, most of the money goes to the investors, not to the VC. The VC's primary benefit from a Really Big Win will be that more people will want to participate in their next round of investments, which is nice, but that in and of itself doesn't make you a billionaire. So VC's are much more interested in avoiding loss than in going after a Really Big Win. YC, by contrast, has nothing to lose from a loss except the money they put in (which is not much), and a lot to gain from a Really Big Win (since they are the investor). This makes YC willing to take much bigger gambles than a VC would. It also aligns YC's interests with the interests of the companies they invest in, since the bigger the company wins, the bigger YC wins.