I remember realizing that I could use JavaScript to fake include()s so I wouldn't have to update every page on my crappy middle school website. Don't use your gmail (ebay, paypal, ...) password for ANYTHING else. For some reason, it thinks I'm not in America. I'm a guy, and I couldn't care less about the NBA, Howard Stern, or James Bond trivia without spraining something. What exactly IS "girl stuff"? The article didn't mention a single example of what a "girl link" is, except jokingly mentioning a few sexist ideas. No more hurtful than seeing current species stuck in a zoo. Clutching a clump of mammoth hair and watching a count-down from inside a teleporter booth. It would make sense to me that every cell in your body is in a polygamist marriage, which is you, which can in turn marry other things. But does that mean that your liver cell is married to your partner's brain cell? Not at all. What this means is that marriages are potential partners as well! Model that. I strongly disagree with his opinions, too; I went to see him speak, and it was a great presentation until the end where he somehow spiralled off into a tirade about gay marriage killing society. But I don't care. He writes (mostly) great books and he'll keep getting my money so long as he keeps it up. A customer decided they wanted each order placed on their site to have an 4-character alphanumeric designation. It took surprisingly little time to encounter "SH1T" during testing. You're besieged by idiots on all side. What else is there to do but drink? It's still pretty impressive, and puts us one step closer to my dream of having a camera with me wherever I go, ready at a moment's notice. I think that largely depends on what type of website they are working on. I think the majority of our clients' users are still on IE. 6. :( Ever since a high school teacher busted me for starting an end-of-term paper only three days prior, I've always copied the final copies of any documents I've had to submit anywhere into a clean document created the morning the submission was due. I'm glad that the habit I learned still has value past high school & college. You noticed someone's shoes? You're not one of us... We've all seen Speed! You could just put that on a loop. The rolling TV screen is less important than the rolling camera. Or perhaps just 45 seconds of a baby crying or nails on a chalk board? I'm 100% certain that I'd find a way to make one of these explode when I sat down, covering my wallet, money and ID in a sticky mess. Which would make it pretty tough to get into bars. Methamphetamines, man. Wouldn't it be easier to use a different browser instead of creating multiple accounts? With the limit of one burger per customer, the maximum value is (users * whopper_cost), bringing the ceiling to 360 million dollars. It should actually be a little less, since at some point there will only be 9 users who will have missed out on the flurry of unfriending, like victims of a fattening ponzi scheme. Except the assembly-line environment worked great in its context. 5540905. Can't believe I remembered that. It sort of rhymes in my head. I remember my number, but not any of my old phone numbers or addresses. Sometimes I forget my own birthday. Swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and reflected the light from Venus. Obviously.