There's a bigger mistake. If government keeps torturing until all volumes are discovered and unblocked (or until you're dead), than why your points when you have hidden partition are higher, when you don't? Considering this, it is no longer a strictly dominant strategy for you to have it. Was not having one global currency - one of the main reasons to introduce currencies in the first place? All those "national" currencies will be susceptible for 50%+1 attack. No HTTPS. Go and die. The author is short-sighted. He doesn't know any descent modern OO language, but tries to review Swift. Except ARC and syntax differences, it is more like a subset of F# or Scala That's what I said. Swift is a subset of F#/Scala. What are the alternatives? You have to ship secret keys with your app to be able to access public APIs Typical bullshit. How is it related to Hacker News? We did some progress on PhoneGap http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/vstudio/dn722381.aspx FreedomPop Bad title. Article only says about correlation. It's just you > JavaScript will always be the (or, a) scripting language for the browser, and if something new emerges, we will all have plenty of time to prepare. Thing is - what if it already emerged, but you missed that? The whole article seems faulty. At least I fail to see how this experiment proves wrong to use mirror test to check for self-awareness as opposed to proving pigeons can be trained to be self-aware. I bet that Notch will make it free to stay for hackers (in a good sense). This man created the best start for the next generation across the globe. No idea on other stuff, but immobilizer for auto, which is like kill switch for phones, reduced car theft multiple times (3+) since it was introduced. https://archive.org/ BS Great service, guys, but beware of the first waves of fraud. I don't think ECC will help. Where you can flip one memory bit, you can flip two consequently. Nice. But does not scale. Two questions to author: what was his grandfather charged for, and did Soviet slavery machine forced his father to become drunkie? I'm on nightly, and popup is blank for me. Have some extensions though. Clickbait title Did you do double blind? I would say it is still a very big achievement. Imagine you being able to do something you were not before, just thinking about that.