Seems everyone wants their 'I told you so' moment. Why can't we just accept that web 2.0 and these high valuations aren't going away? But why is this important? Can't computers already do this? Even my 1978 TI pocket calculator can do logs very fast. It's not like this is an important unsolved mathematics puzzle. As lot of people are saying that, but the empirical evidence suggests that the valuations, as high as they are, are remarkably sticky. I can only name two web 2.0 duds, zynga and fab, but the rest of the unicorns have either held their value or keep rising. It's not like Uber or Snapchat will become the next friendster and myspace. The failure rate for the $40-90 million valuation range seems much higher than the >$1 billion. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ link to source. for some reason they don't allow hyperlinks in post body Buying cattle futures seems like a good idea nowadays students will just google it and see that is unsolved let it go, man. You keep belaboring the point Everyone talks about McDonald's like they are doing something wrong, but as evidenced by the recent strong performance of the stock price, they are doing exactly what Wall St. expects, which is to provide mass-produced , uninteresting food to billions of consumers all over the world, which is a very profitable business and they have returned billions to shareholders in the form of a very high dividend. You cannot compare McDonald's with Chipotle or Shake Shack..it's a completely different business model and economy of scale. McDonald's is not dead, dying , or going away..they are just being McDonald's, that all. at least a couple years of calculus and linear algebra You look at some of the biggest success of our post-2008 economy - namely web 2.0 companies like snapchat, uber, tinder - and you see they typically involve introverts who are getting very rich very quickly. Being alone is not just a way to save money or find inner peace, but - in the Silicon Valley at least - a possible pathway to riches and fame. Although my opinion is unsubstantiated, the biggest problem is the barrier of knowledge : it takes longer and longer to familiarize yourself with an increasingly growing body of literature. Second, the low-hanging fruit tends to be picked, leaving researchers fighting for the few undiscovered scraps the remain. Third, papers are getting longer and more technical, with more data and co-authors. Forth, much longer approval times, high submission fees, and much higher rejection rates. Research seems to be a team effort now, of many people collaborating over years to publish papers that are very lengthy and technical that reflect only incremental progress in a field. yeah..observational discoveries are mostly luck, versus the hard, technical skill required to derive something like an equation. the quants who study this stuff find that first-day performance is not always predictive of future success/failure. For every Zynga burnout, you have stocks like Zen Desk, Linkedin or Google that keep going up after their IPO pop. Still a big fan of notepad. Uses very little memory, but you must not forget to save periodically. Powerpoint is only as good as the content behind the slides They fucked up big time. That's what people said about Facebook in 2006 when they turned down the Yahoo offer. I predict Snapchat is going to be a dominant player in mobile advertising, like Facebook and Google. I wish I could invest in it now, even at this high valuation. Also extremely bullish on Tinder and Pinterest. But snapchat has huge unlocked revenue potential. they can 'flip' a switch and instantly monetize those millions of users by launching an advertising platform similar to the one Google and Facebook has. Facebook deliberately waited years before generating meaningful revenue, so did Google. digg never got big enough. Pinterest, Whatsapp are intentionally delaying revenue generation to build the userbase, a common strategy and not at all proof that they cannot monetize. that's why it has the valuation it has. the valuation is pricing in the potential . People thought Google and Facebook would not deliver, but they did. Maybe snapchat will, but maybe not. I think they will. The methodology and reasoning behind this study is dubious at best. http://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=myspace%2C%20facebook... If google trends is of any predictive value, Uber and Instagram should not exist (or at least be worse than myspace). The keyword 'snapchat' also shows near zero volume. Ultimately, I think this whole debate on wages, STEM, wealth inequality, and automation boils down to IQ. http://greyenlightenment.com/winner-take-all-nation/ IMHO, people are falling behind because of low IQs and the winner-take-all economy that enriches some, but doesn't leave a whole lot for everyone else. Today’s hyper-meritocracy is amplifying the socioeconomic ramifications of individual cognitive differences such that a person with an IQ >110 is much more likely to succeed than someone with an IQ The solution, on the other hand, -I don't know. No one really knows, and that's why this is such a big debate. So many people realize that this is one of the most pressing issues of the 21st century. How are we going to develop a compromise or solution that handles automation-related jobs loss and inequality. Some propose a basic income; others want redistribution; others wants more spending on education, and so on... From students fresh out of college and in debt, to people looking for jobs, or people who have been laid-off, we're all a part of this debate. Economics is not just for economists - now more than ever we all experience it in our everyday lives. The decoupling is also obvious when comparing advanced degree employment and income versus those with only high school or 'some college'. It's also pronounced between majors, with STEM earning more. these trends have accelerated since 2008. ill-managed prosperity Who do you propose manage it? That seems overbearing, to assume that some entity can do a better job managing the wealth of those who earned it. Wealth inequality will always be with us, just as it has all throughout history. In a free market, bad decisions are punished through the loss of wealth. Thee cause was probably a combination of speculation, leverage, overbuilding, and so on. No one really knows the exact trigger, but a popular opinion seems to be that the Smoot–Hawley Tariff Act made it worse -although even that is debated. The stock market crash lead to margin calls and the sudden evaporation of millions of dollars of wealth and that probably triggered a cascade effect, as business obligations could not be met due to the sudden loss of wealth. Kurzweil's argument is that the acceleration of the acceleration is increasing ..there is a math proof of this somewhere, but can;t find it