Is the only innovation in how customizable the UI is? I guess it's way too hard to write a new rendering engine. With the existing ecosystem of chrome / Firefox / safari extensions it will be difficult to gain traction. 7% assumed return is the most ridiculous part of it all. I remember when NYC tried to reduce their assumed rate from 8.5 to 7.5 and people threw a fit ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2010-08-20/new-york-m... ) Everyone has their head in the sand Some people quit their jobs and throw everything into a new, risky venture. This is pretty dangerous, especially for those without wealth. More realistic people work 40-50 hours a week at work and another 40 on their own passions. The smartest find a do-nothing job where they could cash a check for showing up at the office and surfing the net all day (IT, help desk at large organizations) and devote their work time to their own passions. That is the point - the term 'Real Programmer' is meaningless and is merely used to disparage languages / tools / platforms and boost egos. You can look at Mel, a 'Real Programmer', and realize that you can't make value judgements of what true programming is. Programming is using logic to solve problems, regardless of the tools and language. On the contrary, I'm considered a 'good' developer by the normal standards (education / company / title / projects / etc.) and I would consider moonlighting. I usually work another 40-50 hours a week outside of professional employment on my own projects, so doing an app or website for some extra cash once and a while isn't a stretch. I applied. This is perfect, thank you very much, I appreciate you taking the time to write this out. Do you have any recommendations on books to learn about finding exploits in general? My specific skills are in deep and nuanced areas of the Android kernel, and I have some good ideas on potential areas to investigate, but a thorough understanding of the subject would be helpful. It seems like a very lucrative hobby or full time endeavor. I will make a slight derail into H1B's. Anytime that you allow a company to have significant control over an employee's life, such as putting a significant risk of deportation on the employee, you are putting the employee at severe personal risk. This is the central problem with guest worker programs, as you incentivize the company to threaten employees in order to keep them working for you and their costs down. I had an intense argument with someone about whether H1B's were good or bad for the economy. The key point he was arguing was that H1B employees do not have significantly less salary, and they are fully capable of switching companies. In my experience, the primary reason that a company would go through the hassle of hiring an H1B is for cost reasons, because there are enough competent workers locally there to fulfill open positions (at a price), and the quality of H1B workers is generally less than local hires. On rare occasions a foreign worker has extremely unique skills, but this is certainly the exception. Secondly, it is very difficult for an H1B to switch companies, as it's difficult to convince a company to go through the hassle of paperwork / lawyers / cost, so an H1B employee has little recourse for being treated poorly and paid less. Therefore, I'm against H1B's. If we had a more reasonable immigration policy, where people could more easily come to America as normalized citizens, I would be for it. But the H1B and similar programs give far too much power to the companies, which is ripe for exploitation. The problem is that "market price" is extremely malleable, and it's easy enough to tweak the job title slightly in order to change what the person is being paid. As I said, there are exceptions, but in general H1B is a mechanism for importing cheap labor. I've been reading various comments about this around the internet and many people are saying they will stop ordering from Amazon because of it. These white collar workers are highly paid, and not forced to be there. Most of them could easily find another job someplace else (and it sounds like many do). I just can't feel bad for them. If you don't want to work throughout your vacation, go find another job that won't make you work through your vacation. This isn't North Korea, Bezos isn't going to throw you in a reeducation camp. I will keep ordering from Amazon because they provide the best service. Simple as that. That is the same situation at any company with H1B's, and I didn't see anything in the article that mentioned abuse of those workers specifically. This isn't a man who is beating his wife. The employee doesn't have the social pressure to stay with someone they married rather than face the shame of divorce. The employee doesn't have a part of them that is literally in love with the abuser (a company). It's a stretch to use the 'abused spouse' argument with highly educated knowledge workers making 6 figure salaries. Find a new job. What an unexpectedly interesting post. I read a bunch of other posts he made and they are all very well thought out, with little fluff. He sounds like a really great and brilliant guy. I disagree that advertising itself is a broken model, but I like imagining that someone ruthlessly updates their excel spreadsheet of blacklisted companies every time they hear or see an advertisement for any company. You must only shop at flea markets! Jeb Bush doesn't know anything about computers or software, and neither does any major politician. I guarantee you JB's 'Technology Advisor' advised him on this policy position and a few talking points, and now he's saying them. FYI - the link has some sort of javascript problem, made my Chrome / Mac (Yosemite) max out a core and hog ram. It's amazing that Amazon thinks a useful feature is "ability to purchase stuff from Amazon faster". I don't make my decisions about products based on 1 touch ordering of supplies. If it solves a problem I have, great, but I certainly don't have an "Amazon ordering problem". I truly believe that general purpose self driving cars are much farther away than the latest press releases would suggest. Apparently they don't work well at night, in the rain, when the road lines aren't perfect, etc[1]. They basically only work in the perfect weather and roads of Mountain View during the day. In Boston, the roads are shit, the drivers are crazy (including me), and everything is permanently under construction. Once people learn how to spot these cars, very quickly the tricks to passing them are going to be learned. Not to mention the jokers using laser pointers and whatnot to mess with them. If you think this won't happen, you are sorely naive. I think self driving cars will work for specialized cases, like long haul trucking on highways, but for the commuter, it's going to be a long ways off. [1] http://gizmodo.com/6-simple-things-googles-self-driving-car-... It's harder to be aggressive when dealing with human-driven cars because people can react. The commuter dozing in his self-driving car is not aggressively driving, and with his car legally mandated to be in super-safe mode, it's going to take twice as long for it to make it through rush hour traffic. Wow what a ridiculous article. For starters, only an extremely small slice of fresh-out-of-college developers would get a 120k salary and 300k in bonus and options. This is still absurdly high, if it's even true (and not exaggerated for the purpose of getting an article into the WSJ). I've noticed a sharp uptick in CS grads, and it seems starting salaries are actually nosing downwards. Or at least that's the case here in Boston. This article is nonsense, and whoever the author is, I guarantee you he has no idea what he's doing. I'm a big self-driving cars skeptic. Expecting humans to "drive less idiotic" is basically saying that google's cars won't work until human drivers are banned. Driving is something of an art, and it's full of edge cases. So many edge cases. I'll just keep reading articles that say they are 5 years away, just as I did 5 years ago, and the armchair futurists will keep dreaming... Anxiety and depression very nearly derailed my career (and my life itself) right at the end of college. I was working 35 hours a week at a startup and studying two difficult subjects at my university (computer science and Latin) while maintaining an active social life. I kept pushing myself harder and harder, and essentially collapsed. Somehow I managed to stay at my job while I entered the mental health system and started taking care of my mind. I had an extremely bad reaction to Prozac and then tried to manage my issues with diet, exercise, and meditation. For 2 years I was surviving but I certainly wasn't better. Then I decided to try medication again, and started lexapro. Within 2 weeks my mental state had drastically improved, and I was actually feeling joy and excitement again. The panic attacks disappeared, while the general anxiety is much reduced. It's been several years since then, and I'm still on a low dose of lexapro while eating healthy, exercising, and meditating. I'm much more aware of my mental health and don't push myself past the breaking point. Yet my output, productivity, and drive is higher than ever, much better than it was before entering treatment. If you are suffering from similar issues, I highly suggest entering the mental health system and doing everything in your power to try and get better. Stay positive and don't give up. Multiple panic attacks a day, irrational and excessive worrying, insomnia, depression, feelings of impending doom, loneliness, lack of interest in subjects and activities previously enjoyed, lack of confidence and self worth. The usual stuff I suppose. After dealing with these on a daily basis for a year, I added suicidal ideation to the list. Death no longer seemed scary, but a way to escape the nonstop overwhelming pain of continued existence. On the plus side, after entering treatment, and then understanding and overcoming my mental illness, I am without question far, far stronger than I was before. I live every day to the fullest and have no regrets. My life is full of what's important to me- satisfying work, nonstop learning, appreciating art in various forms, and socializing with friends and family. This is what gives me pleasure and defines my life. I also have enormous appreciation for being healthy in a way that my peers seem to lack. Every day is a gift and it shouldn't be squandered. > These are odd facts, very suitable for puzzle columns and likely to amuse amateurs, but there is nothing in them which appeals to the mathematician. I very much disagree with any statement which says a mathematical fact is unimportant. It is impossible to know which facts and theories will be useful in the future. People thought number theory and prime numbers was intellectual masturbation until cryptography and computers came about. Any fact about numbers that someone can figure out is worth publishing, no matter how "useless" it seems. You mean writing a series of logical instructions in order to solve problems is tedious? I wonder what future platform will be created that doesn't require an ordered series of logical steps to solve problems... That sounds like an interesting subject. Could you please link me to your research or other relevant information?