They certainly already are.[1] The double-edged sword of encryption is that anyone can use it. With the recent paranoia of leaks, politicians now have a legitimized cover story for the use of apps like Signal, Confide, and the like. [1] http://www.theverge.com/2017/2/9/14561786/confide-messaging-... See a doctor. This isn't normal. The above poster is referring to the lopsided representation of voters due to the electoral college and the degree of contestedness of particular states. For instance, I can be comfortable not voting in California because it is so overwhelmingly blue that, in effect, my vote "didn't count". The same is not true of many midwestern states, where the two major parties are in a dead heat. I am currently dating someone who is in an open marriage. To be honest I don't know much about their home life, but they don't have kids and are still kind of settling down, finding their way. She is happy in general, and has exposed to me no complaints about her situation in life, aside from money. The pursuit of such an arrangement in her case is about really involving oneself in the life of another person, much like typical relationships you see today. She's a self-described humanist. Others may use it purely as a sexual outlet, but from the polyamorous/nonmonogomous people I've spoken to, this is rarely the case. I wonder occasionally if our situation is a way to hedge against those moments in marriage where things become a little more difficult. She obviously has more than enough love to give for both of us (and whomever else she may be seeing) but of course sometimes even those who give most can become strained. Likewise if things get "boring" or "monotonous", she can simply seek a new partner that stimulates her. Being cute and petite means she has the luxury of having a choice with relatively little effort. Tinder in a big city means she has a large pool to choose from. As a form of having new and invigorating experiences with interesting human beings, open relationships seem to provide everything you need with few restrictions. At the same time, in such a commitment as marriage, one has to wonder if it can turn into a form of escapism if left unchecked. I am curious if this trend has the potential to dissolve the current marriage trope as we know it into something more fluid. Nation-states still incentivize it with tax breaks because close-knit families have more kids, but there are likewise factors (like financial instability) that influence marriage rates in the other direction.[1] [1] https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/soloish/wp/2016/06/06/wh... This is a typical refrain, but doesn't account for second-order effects. At first, the price will drop. But the ongoing supply will pile up and need to be stored somewhere. Storing stuff is generally more expensive than not producing it. So production downsizes, and the little amount of product that ends up being produced costs more per unit than the larger-scale production process, and so prices go up. Also, prices will go up at the end of this transition due to scarcity and an ability to weasel money out of people who will pay more to hold on to what they're used to. It seems to be too good, making the sounds too crisp and technical, rather than having a comfortable reverb that one can relax into. Here in Germany, all these bike lanes exist and function more or less as well as they can. Taxis tend to play chicken with you a lot, but they also respect your space if you claim it. The main difference between here and where I learned to drive (CA, US) is driver's education. Bicycles are not treated as second-class in the driving curriculum: you are required to check over your right shoulder every time you take a right turn. The presence of marked bike lanes helps reinforce this notion. You will still find those who park in or walk on them, which is annoying, but overall I feel safer here riding my bike than in the US. Same here! Deutsches Technikmuseum? Productivity has been rising steadily pretty much since they started keeping track of it, while the median family income has stagnated over the past 40 years or so.[1] Productivity is defined as the ratio of the volume of outputs to inputs, or equivalently, the "money out to the money in." If the money is not going to the median families, where is it going? It certainly isn't going to the lower class. It is going to the upper class, and is seen as a "concentration of wealth" since the money is all going into more or less the same pockets (the fuzziness of the wording is due to the fact that sometimes people die and other people become richer to move into the upper class). To come to the challenge posed in your comment, let's examine some other indicators of inequality.[2] The top 1% holds around 42% of the wealth. Meanwhile, the bottom 50% holds around 1% of the wealth. Doesn't that seem a bit ... unequal? Of course, to have valid concepts of "top 1%" inequality must of course exist on some level, but the disparity is staggering. There are 160 million people in the bottom 50%, and about 3 million in the top 1%. The average person in the top 1% holds about $2240 for every $1 belonging to the average person in the bottom 50%. The price of a $1m car to the top 1% is on par with the cost of a current-gen gaming console (~$450) to the bottom 50%, on average. Even without getting into the top 0.1% and their obscene amounts of money hoarding, this is a lot. We can go there too if you want. We could also just ask the people who arguably have the best access to such data: the Congressional Budget Office.[3] The graphic on the front cover is enough to illustrate the difference, but you can also go through the findings in the body if you need more convincing. All of this is freely available on the internet, and found with Google via "total wealth in the us". Either you didn't know this was possible, or you don't want to know the facts. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Productivity_and_Real_Med... [2] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:U.S._economic_variables_r... [3] https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/114th-congress-2015-... As of 2013, the top 10% of people had 85% of the wealth and the bottom 90% of people had 15% of the wealth.[1] FRED says the total net worth of households and nonprofit organizations was $79 trillion.[2] The population of the US at the end of 2013 was around 317 million.[3] Crunching the numbers, we can determine that the top 10% had $67.15 trillion. If this full amount is distributed equally to every person in the bottom 90%, as the question states (let's call this the "kill the bourgeoisie" scenario), each person in the bottom 90% would receive $235,000 on average. If we wanted to forcefully distribute the money while leaving the people at the top intact (let's call this "blunt force redistribution") such that the current top 10% has 10% of the wealth, then each person in the bottom 90% would receive $208,000 on average. I would definitely consider this a life-changing amount of money. [1] http://www2.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/images/wealth/Net... via http://www2.ucsc.edu/whorulesamerica/power/wealth.html [2] https://fred.stlouisfed.org/series/HNONWRA027N [3] https://www.census.gov/popclock/ Edit: Especially when you consider that this article[4] came out in 2013, a majority of people will be able to 1) basically completely exit debt and 2) start contributing substantially to the economy again. Not to mention afford college, afford healthcare, afford good food for themselves and their children, drop a whole lot of stress, and generally build their lives back up. There would be zero people below the poverty line. Who knows if the traditional refrain of "velocity of money increasing means inflation means collapse" would be realized in such a radical redistribution, and if a sudden and drastic shift such as that would end up hurting more than helping. We can only ever play the speculation game in matters like these. The numbers in the main body reflect also the worth of nonprofits. Not sure on the proportions on that one, but even if you take it to be 10% of all the wealth (IMO an absurdly high estimate) the number still shifts to $187,000 per person in the bottom 90%. [4] http://money.cnn.com/2013/06/24/pf/emergency-savings/index.h... >They would receive assets valued at 208,000$ at current (arguably inflated) prices, most of it not being cash. You might expect the biggest expropriation in US history to be somewhat upsetting to the markets. Technically true, but the path of this redistribution would be in the form of taxation and offered public services, which is extracted purely as cash. According to the Obamacare website, poverty levels are around $11,000 per person, scaling sublinearly with the number of people in a single household. If we use that as a baseline, we'd need to tax the top 10% about 5% more per year and redistribute that in cash or an equivalent value of provided services (education, healthcare, etc.) to create a buffer that effectively nullifies the concept of a poverty level. In reality this would likely be applied more as a progressive tax, so the top earners would be taxed more and more benefits would go to the people who are actually poor. This is running on the egregious assumption that people can only choose one option to make them happy, and that there are only two options to choose from. It may be applicable now for the most part (when people worry about spoiling the vote, they will support one of the two) but in a situation where other parties have a serious chance of gaining a seat and people have multiple choices they approve of, this theory begins to break down. This problem has existed long before the most recent iteration of healthcare "reform". People (real Americans!) have consistently voted in the representatives who are trying to undo a medical system that covers everyone because they are so enamored with the free market ideal and hate the idea of contributing to their country in the form of taxes. Would you please provide the exact law? MAPS[1] is a non-profit specifically dedicated to gathering and allocating funding for such studies, and considering how long they've been around doing what they're doing, I'd say they've figured out how to bypass the stringent requirements and remain on this side of the law. Full disclosure, I was involved with them briefly. The paperwork process needed to get the rights to run such trials lasts years, but they are eventually successful in making the studies a reality. [1] http://www.maps.org A lot of people in SV today are transplants. The process of exchanging keys will theoretically leak metadata unless you already have an established secure line. In which case you will not need to open a new one, defeating the purpose. Anyway, the most secure method of communication would be to leave all electronic devices somewhere far away and ideally locked in a solid metal box, then meeting in person somewhere where surveillance is hard or impossible. In the ideal case this will obfuscate all metadata including sender and receiver, unless someone happens to see you travelling to or away from the meeting place. This might be the most well-articulated breakdown of the tribalization of these issues that I've ever seen, and how unhelpful it all is. Do you write anywhere else? I'd be happy to read more of your writing. More ideological "free-market fanboyism." In a world where everyone has the money they want to (or must) spend, this is certainly true. But these voluntary interactions are unfortunately only granted to those who, before the thought enters their minds, possess the means to engage in them. The general trend that has become apparent for people who are not consistently able to engage in such interactions is that it's really easy to make more money when you have some, and very hard to make money when you have little. Any form of investment, monetary or otherwise, requires some upfront value to be presented. Usually this is capital. If you don't have this you are left in the dust by those who have the luxury to put that money up now. The end result is that those things which are valuable to those who can engage in voluntary interactions are supported while those that hold no value die from being crowded out. This is, from my perspective, the driving force for the libertarianism of modern SV: policies and actions which help people with money make more money will be adopted because they have the upfront capital, etc. to enact it. This will breed inequality as those policies in general are not helpful or even directly hurt those with less money. People will always do this. The goal becomes to leave the power in a democratized space, as socialism dictates. When labor members own their fair shares of the companies that are interacting on the market, they will make decisions socially and profit proportionally. Exploitation in its current form will be greatly reduced. Naturally any economic system bears its own unique issues to contend with, but these can be addressed in time for what seems at this point to be a net improvement in inequality. >the free market is economically more efficient You never specified your definition of "efficient." I can only assume that "value-generating at a high rate" is your working definition. If so, there is no connection between a high efficiency and a lack of exploitation. Exploitation of people via coercion, exploitation of a lack of regulations leading to concentration of wealth, etc. > You're using your own personal definition of "voluntary" which is not inline with the conventional definition. My definition of "voluntary" is equivalent to that of "non-coercive." I'm not sure that yours is the same. You speak about people choosing to use Uber as if they have a choice, and not as if they are coerced by the circumstances (lack of jobs in their field, outstanding debt, mouths to feed...). Your choice is to ignore these different scenarios and focus only on those who voluntarily take part in driving for Uber. This is a dishonest practice and does not reflect reality. > Someone being poor is certainly capable of engaging in voluntary economic interactions, and there's no evidence at all to suggest otherwise. If you have no money, then you cannot spend money. You have no value to contribute to an economy, and can only participate by receiving value at no cost, which never happens. The evidence is not needed, and is in fact impossible to provide, because this is a clear-cut deduction. If you think differently, you need to clarify your standing. > How is it apparent that the poor are unable to engage in such interactions when wages for the poor are growing at their fastest rate in history? Because poor people are poor... Having more than a tiny bit of something is still not very much. They can participate in more , sure, but is that enough ? Depends entirely on the context: where they live, what services are available there, etc. To put things a bit bluntly, most of the places in the world aren't very fun to live in for the reason that there's not a lot available and not a lot of earning potential to pay for what is there. Globalization still fails at the "last mile," with the exception of some supply chains such as Coca-Cola's. I don't disagree that some regulatory restrictions are making things hard for your everyday Jane, but the solution would be instead to regulate those at the top more, rather than regulate those at the bottom less. Using your hedge fund example from Brookings, the problem is not that other types of funds are not allowed to do the same things as hedge funds, but instead that hedge funds are allowed to do things that others aren't, leading to a massive concentration of wealth that wouldn't be possible otherwise. This is an uneven playing field but deregulating it only gives power to those who use force, physical or otherwise, to get what they want while leaving those at the bottom with little more than crumbs. I'm not sure why you are linking to those biases as I don't believe to have expressed any of them. Again, you will need to be clearer if your message is to be understood accurately. Hoo boy, this touched a nerve. How would you stop working for Uber if you couldn't get other jobs? How would you move house if you had no money to do so? http://alumni.media.mit.edu/~jorkin/goap.html One could argue that this perspective is essentially drilled into them (and likewise men for the stereotypical man things) from a very young age because we/they are surrounded by media, advertising, and humans that reinforce these desires and discourage others. How is the job market going to be skewed towards the employer? That statement needs some clarification. The way it seems to me, it would make sense that actually jobs would shift away from menial tasks (which will be replaced by automation eventually anyway) in favor of things that people actually consider a valuable use of time. You can't get people to do jobs they don't want to do if they don't have to do them . At least, not at a scale that leads to the situation you seem to be implying. If you had $2000 in your pocket every month why would you waste your time on a job that pays $9/hr? Maybe you'll find some people who take 5- or 10-hr/wk contracts so they have a little extra beer money, but it definitely would eliminate the need to submit yourself to the job market woes that currently plague the poor. People value their time with a money analogue, since this is a moneyed system we're living in, so you won't find many who will choose to earn less than what they can see themselves paying on a daily basis. Then the economic system that allows this to pass is unnecessarily endangering human lives.