I suppose there's a lot we wouldn't do if we apply cold hearted logical reasons. Sometimes it's nice to not apply cold hearted logical reasons (even though I do see your point). That said, one 'cold' reason could be being able to write a post about it that puts the writer and 37 signals in a good light. Another could be for the author to just want to feel better about herself, because she helped someone else and/or because she constructed a nice story (and we humans like stories)... This is amazing, and a bit scary... While I would not bet money on it, it might be possible that the NSA has dirt on these companies, or on their high-ranking employees, keeping them from taking a stand. I think it depends. I'm inclined to agree with Linus' approach, but I'll just argue that sometimes "abuse, swearing and provoking people" is the best approach. Some of the best lessons I learned was being chewed out by a manager. The magnitude of my stupidity or fuck-up would simply not have sunken in even if this manager had been factual and direct, without chewing me out. The same goes for my youth. I remember some lessons mostly because they involved my father yelling at me. I recall very few lessons where he sat me down and provided a detailed, factual argument of why I was being a dumb-ass. I don't get the impression that, in growing up, our ability to assess magnitudes of failure by factual analysis of the situation has improved enough to render 'chewing-out' pointless. I'm considering a similar thing. Do you know of any resources on do's and don'ts when setting something like that up? Could you show some evidence that previous generations were more mobile? I'm not disputing it, but I'm inclined to think we're not much more or less mobile than previous generations... I can confirm that I have lots of friends that 'just want to go somewhere' and base their decision on different whims. Anecdotal evidence, but still. Compliments on the thing as a whole, but one thing stuck out to me (negatively). When I read about 'tablets' and 'interaction' and saw the screenshot of how interfaces haven't changed much, I got rather excited about the idea of a word processor that truly tried to change the way we 'process words' on touch devices. Instead, it seems you've mostly focused on the stuff surrounding word processing. Which is a noble goal, but not what I was hoping/wishing for. I'd like to see someone reinvent the word processor, or update it for touch interfaces. In the same way that the mouse greatly changed the way we work on 'normal' computers, surely touch should give us similar new advantages. I've been following a number of projects that try to do this, but they are hyper-focused on just that text-input part. I'd love to see the best ideas from those experiments find their way into Quip. (This is just a general observation, not an attack on Quip. I can understand that you have chosen a specific focus that doesn't happen to be what I care about.) David Foster Wallace had some interesting thoughts on the importance of boredom. I'm on a mobile so I can't provide links, but google that! One of my favorites is the German title for 'Die Hard', which is 'Stirb Langsam'. The literal translation of this is 'die slowly'... I'd nuance this by saying that often it's more important to just set some kind of goal than to know what you want. Very often, the whole point of a gap year is to figure out "what you're going to do" and figure out "what you want to get out of it." In those cases, a gap year is better than just plowing ahead with whatever you're doing (and don't want to do). The following quote from The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle (by Haruki Murakami) pretty much expresses how I see this: "€œFor the time being, there is no need for either of us to be here. And if that is the case, I feel, it would be better for us not to be here." I mostly disagree with those who say that you need a plan or purpose for a gap year to be useful. Mostly, because I do think some kind of plan or purpose, however vague, is good, just to provide you with initial and general direction. A gap year is often exactly the kind of thing that can give you a long-term plan and a purpose, so waiting on these things before you take a year off can be counter-productive. I used to do a lot of hitchhiking for fun. When I went hitchhiking with absolutely no plan, I wasn't always happy with the aimless results. But when I'd set some initial goal, a random city or country, the result was wonderful. Very often I wouldn't arrive at this initial destination, but see many others instead. If a gap year is not going to negatively impact you, I see no reason why you wouldn't do it. Even without a plan other than partying! Indeed! I have some journalist friends who, as a group, spent months just to write one piece of investigative journalism. Another journalist friend once managed to work on something like that on his own, but only through crowdfunding. Good journalism is expensive! Indeed! I did a minor in journalism in the hopes of perhaps going in that direction professionally, only to realize that my idea of journalism was nothing like reality. We spent a significant portion of the classes just learning how to write news items. The teacher then told us that what we were doing one day a week for six months is what full-time journalism students spend an entire year doing, and that this is much of what they'll be doing once they enter the job market. She specifically advised those of us interested in being journalists to just get really good in our academic field, and move into journalism as 'specialists' from there. Ah, yeah. I do agree with that. A gap year with some kind of plan is (usually) preferable over just a gap year, but just a gap year is still better than staying on automatic pilot. Wow, even with what it can do now I can imagine using it for AR/VR games of laser tag or paint ball. The only thing missing would be feedback on your body for hits you've taking. At the right price, this might even turn out to be cheaper than proper paintball arena's. You can charge more, and there's no cleanup involved. You could even host these 'games' in real-world environments (with permission or otherwise). Imagine hosting counter-strike style games in empty buildings! That's pretty trivial to do with nginx though, isn't it? I have a server that can run php on certain subdomains AND folders, node.js on others and I suppose ruby would be pretty easy too. In fact, on one domain nginx sends part of the traffice /static/ directly to that actual directory, and anything else gets picked up by node.js. Or is what I'm doing really stupid? I'm not currently running anything significant on my servers, and this is not my primary domain of interest, so I've never checked how risky my setup is. Maybe you could tell me if that's the case? Hmm, does that matter if the company itself is in the U.S? I got offered a bike almost every night out in Amsterdam. I've had friends just pick up a bike instead of getting a taxi... 'COULD' is a complicated concept. It's something I struggle with too, when I watch movies like 'City of God', where mostly I ask myself 'why the hell don't these kids leave the city. or the country.' Or The Wire where a kid who 'got out' decides to come back. There are many factors that play a role in the options we have, and the strongest factors have nothing to do with what's objectively best. Psychologically speaking, it's a bit dangerous (and too easy) to say that poor people should just stop living their poor lifestyles and leave their poor friends and poor family for a world totally unknown to them. This is also true for addicts, or homeless people. I've come to know quite a few of both, and if anything I've started to respect the difficulty of their situation. Being able to reason about such things the way you do is, in itself, a privilege. I don't understand what you're trying to say. Could you elaborate? I respect your choice, but I think it's unfair in this case specifically (but in many other cases too) to say it's about 'pretty' and 'better advertising'. I read a lot on my mac, and I love the lack of scrollbar. It's one less 'element' on my reading experience (similar to almost all ebook readers not having chrome, like scrollbars and page numbers, or hiding chrome unless specifically requested). And because of how integral and 'decent' using the touchpad is (two finger scroll), I automatically scroll briefly to show the scrollbar in those few instances where I care about what position on the page I'm at. Of course, that's just one example, but I know many others who feel similarly. 'Apple knows best' doesn't just mean marketing and pretty, it often means decent choices that are good for a large percentage of people, and yes, you have to accept that. I find apple does do a lot of stuff that doesn't work for me. Even the lack scroll bars I rather hate when I use Finder (and don't get me started on that!). I use an android phone for that very reason. I don't always like the choices that apple makes for me, and I might reach a point where I opt out completely. I'm just saying that in this case I think apple made a risky but decent choice, that wasn't just about 'pretty' or 'marketing'. This reminds me of my experiences learning programming and web development. For a while I used Drupal for everything, because it allowed me to 'program without programming'. The views module (now in core drupal, or slated to be, I think), is essentially a visual query builder. What I discovered after a while, was that there was a tiny sweet spot where it was nice to do complicated things without writing code, but that it had huge drawbacks. Queries became ridiculous, for one. And very soon, the stuff I'd build using the Views module was 'complicated' enough conceptually that a normal SQL query would not only be much faster, but easier and quicker to write. The fact that this query could be version-controlled and didn't live in a database was nice too... Maybe i should've used the term 'advantage' then. I simply wanted to point out that the ability to choose/reason is in itself very much something you 'inherit', rather than some innate skill that we all have equally.