I strongly suspect that there are some experiments that can be done similar to the Cavendish experiment which could prove the Quantized Inertia theory, and might even get a share of a Nobel prize. They could be done in a garage, with some cheap electronics, servos, and a raspberry pi or two. The Amp Hour Electronics Podcast - all things electronics Business of Machining - CNC machining as a business Cortex - CGP Grey and Myke Hurley discuss productivity Hello Internet - CGP Grey and Brady Haran The Joe Rogan Experience - Long form interviews, typically 3+ hours Making Sense with Sam Harris - Talk about the meaning of life The Unmade Podcast - Brady Haran and Tim Hinde discuss ideas for podcasts yet unmade FPGAs have the wrong architecture. Routing fabrics are a premature optimization. They need to be a 2d array of 4:4 look up tables. One bit in from each cartesian neighbor, a latch, and one bit out to each of them. It's turing complete. You alternate the latch clocks, thus preventing all timing issues. The delays are predictable. You can route almost trivially. You can route around defects. You can prove that programs will work as designed. See my rants for the last decade about "Bitgrid" if you want to know more. If you have a symmetric grid, you can quickly rotate, flip, and otherwise transform the program. Since all the outputs are independent, you can have computation in a cell that has results flowing into the chip, and back out to the edge at the same time. Delays are simply a matter of counting how many cells a result passes, and thus a good signal to feed to an optimizing algorithm. Just because something "has been done before" doesn't mean it's not useful now, the context has changed. Electric cars were once the default, and then internal combustion took over... and now they are back... but the were definitely "done before". Bulk computation is what we need. The maximum use of all of the transistors in a chip, at the minimum necessary clock speed and voltage to get the job done. Delays don't matter at all if you get a result each clock cycle. If you had a systolic array that was generic and routless, you could very easily compile (at run time) the filter coefficients directly into the logic, updating as you go. I'd feed inputs from the left, passing them through towards the right, then reflect them back in a manner that would keep timing right. Sums would accumulate and appear as outputs on the left. If you clocked the whole array with a 2 phase clock, you'd get an answer out every cycle, once all the pipelines were filled. Delphi was amazing. The best GUI builder I've ever seen, fast as blazes... then Borland went bust, and it got killed by being priced into obscurity. What if we just took a bunch of old steel I-beams, cut them into sheets, ground and polished them flat, then scanned with a scanning tunnelling electron microscope and looked for evidence of interaction with dark matter? You could run an experiment with observations going back to the production of the steel... 100+ years of data at the get go. Consider this: Every day that Tesla, and the electric car/solar future is delayed, is another $5 Billion of revenue for the oil and gas industry. There is a strong incentive to spread every possible bad news item about Tesla for all the people in that industry which comprises 2-3 percent of the world's GDP. In fact, if you see light from 10 billion light years away, as far as the photon is concerned, it just left, traveled for zero time, and hit your eyeball. I'm amazed that it's less than a picojoule to do an 8 bit add. Most of the transistors in a modern computation environment are just sitting there waiting to be touched by an instruction (far, far more transistors in RAM than in the CPUs, overall).... computing prematurely optimized on the wrong architecture.... there's still a lot of room to grow, speed wise. It is possible to make secure operating systems, doing so has been discouraged since the demise of multics. A sense of futility is now endemic to the Information Technology community, because they think such a thing is impossible, they won't even try, and actively deride anyone who states otherwise. The security research required to build multi-level secure operating systems was completed in response to information processing requirements during the Vietnam conflict... there are multiple models which work... none of which are implemented. It doesn't have to be this way... look up capability based security. That was interesting, but I need to let those things sit for a day or two and stew in my brain. The frequency at which an MRI works is directly proportional to the strength of magnetic field,all the way down to that of the earth's magnetic field. The downside is that sampling time is inversely proportional to frequency... which makes getting high resolution at low fields impractical. Seems like he's made some trade-offs and likely some better signal processing to help make up for the lower field. I'm fairly certain I could explain the whole thing, all the way down, to any sufficiently interested person. I'll never forget the day that my chemistry professor explained how a transistor worked... no quantum mechanics required. Sure, I'd have to look some details up, but if I can learn it, so can you. So, if I understand this correctly... Gaussian Processes are a way of trying every possible function to fit a set of data points, being constrained a bit more with each new data point. All neural networks in the list, given sufficient size, are essentially Gaussian in their behavior, and thus share the same features and limitations. Right? Google Picasa - A photo organizer that works offline, and lets you run facial recognition on your photos to organize and tag them. It has a bug, and sometimes gets labels swapped if you have more than one in a photo, which then metastasizes to corrupt the samples used to compare new photos against. It was awesome, and now it's gone. The fix is described at .." rel="nofollow">https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... . it was simple, but elusive because of unsafe assumptions made in the name of performance. "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." The fix was to undo a seemingly safe performance tweak... From https://github.com/nedbat/coveragepy/commit/e4b8389b27ce4e76... "Put the filename calc back in _connect. Fixes #916 It was moved to __init__ to avoid recalculating, but the directory could have changed, so we need to wait to do the work. Instead, only do the relpath on systems that need it (Windows Py 2)." I did too... but plowed forward with a project in Python... until it stalled.... took about 20 hours and re-implemented it in Lazarus/Free pascal, and haven't looked back since. It's not quite as solid as Delphi was, but then again I don't have $5k to dump on a compiler right now. I wrote a co-operative multi-tasker for Turbo Pascal 7, back in the day. I needed to be able to pipe things between a few filter routines, and it helped make everything work. In the middle of compute heavy code, you sprinkled calls to "Yield"... and it worked. The article seems to be gone from the website... but my standard diatribe could still fit... here's the tldr: Current OS designs can't protect themselves because they lack "capabilities".. a concept created to solve problems during the Vietnam war, perfected in the 1970s and then forgotten by almost everyone... except a few folks, some of whom are at genode.org I was hoping to find something I could use on my PC, only to find it is a service, not an RSS reader. I used to use Turbo Pascal, then Delphi long ago... both object oriented, and useful as heck. These days I'm getting warmed up to Lazarus/FreePascal, as the Delphi price hikes killed it as an option. I have no idea what a "factory" is... and hope I never find out. C++, C#, etc all are too darned fixated on proving how clever the programmers and language designers are.... meanwhile we just get stuff done in the Pascal world. It's the C that's the problem.