This is like saying, "The police could get a warrant for your house anyway. I don't see why people get mad when they just walk in." The other agencies could get FinCEN data. They just had to show cause for it. I support a skills based test like LSAT for voting. It would be much less susceptible to manipulation and op-ed than knowledge-based voting. Sure, I think someone should know the Constitution to vote, but what if someone thinks I should know the Earth is 10,000 years old? On the other hand, a test like LSAT that proves you can figure out logical fallacies would mean the stupidest of the stupid don't get to affect my life. I'm not familiar with this kind of event, but are there not usually badges that designate different kinds of participants? The writer could have a "attendee" badge, while advertisers and pushers would have a different color/label on their badge. Some have suggested that DNS move to TCP, but I don't think that's proper. The nature of DNS lends itself to connectionless, lightweight communication. That said, could the next iteration of DNS implement application-level handshaking? The reason not to do this at layer 4 is because I, in the several minutes of pondering it, think it could break lots of security devices that track connection state across lots of computers in a network. Make some kind of C -> S request C S yes C S request C S no done I agree with the parent poster that package management and graphical environments on FreeBSD is NOT very easy compared to Ubuntu, for example. pkgng supposedly brings FreeBSD's package system close to Debian's which would be a great advance. I almost wonder why they didn't port Debian's system over completely. Is it a GPL thing, or did they do apt-get better? Android 4.0 on HTC/Virgin Mobile doesn't have the option. Well, the author was making a point about the way people interact with their omnipresent tweetdeck/camera device. He was painting a picture for the sake of making a point, not for the sake of "hey, I'm in Singapore". I am likely preaching to the choir here, but the following is true. If you don't like this 'externalization' discussed by the author, try this: Keep your phone off of your body more often. Going to get a haircut, or go to the mall for an hour? Leave the phone in the car. It is really freeing; you do not realize the subtle impact of that phone/pager/digital watch constantly on the verge of maybe someone messaging you. Try it out once or twice, especially if it sounds like it'd be tough. I understand how IMAPS, SMTPS, and SSL work. Not clear text... Kind of like the OP that suggests the same of driving. No one here seems to have mentioned the reason this law is still bad, even if it doesn't apply to personal accounts. Passwords authenticate you as you. It's preached constantly to people that they DO NOT GIVE PASSWORDS for others to use on their behalf! Even in IT, where people tend to know the implications, the trend is away from common accounts for work and toward individual admin accounts to increase accountability. If I, for some over riding reason, NEEDED to give a coworker my password for an operational emergency, I would change it as soon as possible. I would never give it to anyone at my company for records keeping or access. And firearms/firearm accessories stores around the world shrugged. Why are they always foreign? y cant they type normally lol Heh, downvoted. It is a legitimate question. It's rare to see well spoken spammers with proper grammar when interacting with them like this. You made it a semantic debate. "Don't use crypto." - you "That's terrible advice, we need crypto for x,y,z" "I don't really mean don't use crypto" "You just said that!" "You're just talking semantics." Well said; thank you. I suppose it's a confirmation bias: the most immediately noticeable spam is that with poor grammar, thus it's most easily identified with spam. I've been exposed to what bank fraud and phishing scams can be like, and the craft is really amazing. Not a big fan of on-the-job training, then? Instead of paying a nominal price for people relearning some primitives for a specialized area of IT/software dev, nowadays most companies want the new kids to go to $80,000 worth of college for the same. That way, the employer gets to skip training, and the student is less likely to leave because he or she has too much damned debt to be mobile. Maybe I'm projecting. cron is used on almost every production linux/BSD box on my team, and I'm sure there are many others who are similar. How many business workstations run Linux? How many enterprise mailservers run Postfix? How many governments have /actually/ switched to LibreOffice? Translated: >If I wanted to know what the major cybersec/surveillence stories were in the country with defacto control of a large portion of the world's internet, a hotbed of technological innovation, and the home country of this website, I'd turn to one of the least reputable news sources in that country. >Since its early days, Couchsurfing has had a gender imbalance, with more male members then females one. But it was not really an issue then, and more a reflection on the fact that men, unfortunately, have more freedom to travel then women. That phrase strikes me as odd. I would think it's because it's safer for men to travel alone than for women, not for some direct limit on their freedoms. why is mysql query bad? as someone who knows sql, I've always loathed over abstracted mechanisms for db calls. its also been a while since I've done web dev. Inherent in getting shadowbanned is not knowing or understanding why it occurred. My previous account had almost a thousand points, and though I made the occasional drunk rant, they were rightfully downvoted. To take away someone's voice, who clearly isn't a spammer, without them knowing, is a shitty thing to do. Ooooo, yea, you lost me when you attacked cryptography instead of sticking to the "spade is a spade" argument against being a dick online. No, I think people should be treated roughly in the same way they'd expect to be treated in meatspace. I know I don't always configure a server correctly the first time, but if my lead called me a fucking dipshit and a waste of time, I'd go find another job real damned quick. There's a certain level of banter and sarcasm allowed between friends and known colleagues, but strangers don't have that luxury, or shouldn't.