I think most people don't even know that much, this isn't something that is deeply covered in most intro to bio courses in college; you have to learn a bit about how DNA is packaged and transcribed which you'd get in upper division courses. At least in the field, there is no confusion. Non-DNA inheritance is inheritance of these epigenetic regulatory states in which you've described, but the term used specifically for this is transgenerational inheritance. I think the existing understanding of evolution is still fine. Darwin wrote, 1.More individuals are produced each generation that can survive. 2. Phenotypic variation exists among individuals and the variation is heritable. 3. Those individuals with heritable traits better suited to the environment will survive. 4. When reproductive isolation occurs new species will form. When Darwin proposed this, he didn't have any idea of molecular genetics, let alone epigenetics. Mendel too wrote about alleles but he didn't know about base pairs of DNA. Evolution really only concerns phenotypic variation, not the underlying basis for it, so it doesn't matter if the variation is due to a genetic or epigenetic change. They do: http://www.newslookup.com/rss/business/bloomberg.rss The probably had to make a lot more compromises having to wait around for inefficient transport, be it bus or borrowing someone's car. The exact same can be said for bicycles. They go the same speed, they have to be used in the street and not the sidewalk, and bicyclists can be just as careless and oblivious on the road. Yet there is no age restriction for riding a bike on a roadway; you can bike down a 45mph road perfectly legally the day you get your training wheels removed. The problem is not the scooters and who rides them, it's the danger posed by cars. Cars have to be physically separated from other forms of transport. Buses should get their own lane to beat car traffic, bikes and other lower speed vehicles like scooters or even runners should stay in the bike lane. This is a transportation issue, not a scooter issue, and you can't fix it with an age restriction. The ones used by bird and lime are around $500. How do accident rates compare for an 18 year old with 2 years of driving experience vs a 50 year old with 2 years of driving experience? Apple would rather you buy a mac at home, a mac in the office, and an ipad for the commute--all tied together and locked in the apple garden with an icloud subscription--than let you get away with all this use out of just one device. These rules are the laws of thermodynamics. The RNA world hypothesis proposes that self-replicating RNA molecules proliferated before DNA, which would be that simpler system as it doesn't require complex protein machinery. It's not corruption, but a lack of professionalism. I'll assume police in the Netherlands see their job as just an occupation rather than an identity. Some people in the U.S. imagine police officers as this 'lawman' figure like a young Clint Eastwood in a poncho rather than just a citizen with a shift job to work like a garbage man. This notion ends up normalizing the artificial 'us vs them' thinking that leads to so many of these escalated situations and tragedies. It doesn't help that movements like blue lives matter seem to be actively engaged in supporting this thinking. Can you only look at your widgets from the springboard? Still, that is terrible and depressing. Factor in maybe 2 hours for all of your meals (If you make them yourself) and you are looking at 17% of your day that's truly yours——less if you have errands. Even in the U.S. if your tips + tipped worker minimum wage fail to reach untipped worker minimum wage, your employer pays the difference (1). 1. https://webapps.dol.gov/elaws/faq/esa/flsa/002.htm I find that no one really bothers with the math anymore. If the bill is $11 most people will just put $1.50 or $2.00 rather than work out a fixed percent. I agree. Tips should be unknown to the employer. This can readily be done even with card transactions; staff usually swipe a card or enter a PIN anyway to use the POS system. One of my biggest hesitations with tipping in places where it is unexpected, like a muffin shop in the OP, is whether the tip goes straight to the employee whose performance I tipped for, split among all staff indiscriminately, or more sinister straight to the employer. >The restaurant doesn't still make money—the under-tipped employees quit to seek better employment, and at the going wage the employer is offering, there is no further demand for that job to replace the employees who have quit. Is this not true with every company in every industry? Pay is a major reason why people leave a job for another. If an employer is struggling to find labor at a low ball price, they will raise their offer. Employers pay the difference between tipped and untipped employee wages if the tips + wage don't beat minimum wage. However in regards to Dunkin Donuts, I'm not sure the employees can even accept or keep any tips themselves. Maybe a Dunkin Donuts regular can comment whether they can accept tips; many franchise restaurants have a no tipping policy. Do you use Square every day? The last time I went somewhere with specifically a Square reader was probably two weeks ago. Even if I went back tomorrow, am I going to remember my last experience enough to judge a tip? Even if I go to the same coffee shop and use the same Square every morning, unless I'm holding a grudge it's de facto back to front end tipping rather than upon services rendered. I think the IRS would spot this from a mile a way. You can't run a ribbon wire to the other side? Every aluminum Macbook makes your palms sweaty, the aluminum body is designed to shed heat. Even a charging iPhone can get very hot just browsing HN. I don't think Apple has ever produced a machine that runs cool to the touch. Don't think about the wiring in your neighborhood then You don't have to stab someone in the heart to kill them. You can definitely nick the femoral artery or damage the windpipe/jugular with a fork. Dead in minutes. Huh? Are you 8 feet tall?