Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... Is the Intel Compiler even appreciably faster these days? I thought CLang and GCC had basically caught up... That's what I was thinking; wouldn't Firefox be basically in userspace, and therefore not be much faster using an Intel compiler? I find that after I discovered tmux, I was able to use the command line full-time much more easily. Now everything I do is command-line-unix-ey, from my coding (with Emacs) to my web browser (Elinks). It's kind of a pain in the butt to learn, but I feel that it helps me stay focused on my work; there are a lot less distractions in the command-line world. I'll agree there, but I feel that that is a fixable problem overall; if I knew anything about ncurses I'd fix it myself :D. I still think using Elinks of w3m creates a more streamlined experience if your end goal is getting work done. It's weird, I always kind of wondered why Erlang gets left out of the FP discussions. It's not as dogmatic as Haskell or something, but functional-ness is kind of its bread and butter. If you take a language like Haskell, you can utilize an FRP framework like Netwire to write pure-ish code whilst having reactive things. I'm currently writing an ncurses application that does exactly that. Your link is broken; I don't think they use SSL. I don't really want to make a comment about the reasons "why", but I do want to say RIP Ian. I love Debian and it's derivatives. CrunchBang was the first distro I used for more than two days. I agree with the first point there. I was pretty excited to try an "open source version of sublime text", but the performance was so terrible I ended up just sticking with Vim. I know people are trying to back away from the console-ui editors, but you cannot deny that,performance wise, it's tough to beat Vim or Emacs. I don't know that I fully agree; I leave my Vim instance open for literally days at a time in a tmux session, which works somewhat as my "IDE". Much as I've heard I'm only supposed to do this with "real" IDE's, I have yet to really notice a single drawback. Does Excel count as a programming environment? If it does, I'd like to see if that outranks JS (my guess is that it does). I'd go one step further and even say it's arguably the most popular Reactive languages as well. It kind of feels like the author was just looking for reasons to be offended. This comment didn't really seem that offensive at all. Did nothing interesting happen in the tech world today? This is such a non-story, it's really weird that this is on the front-page twice. What the hell? This story has made the front page of HN three times now. Even if it were a "real", important story, hasn't it been thoroughly covered? If a web developer gets frustrated by having to support Internet Explorer 8, is that offensive? "How dare you! You're punching down at people who are stuck with Windows XP!" The internet is very good at being offended by everything. My point is that no one has this outrage machine when web developers whine about Internet Explorer, even though plenty of people are stuck using it for financial reasons, just like people who are stuck with five-year-old computers, and as a developer, I actually do find it frustrating when I have to support older hardware. I'll admit the choice of the word "sad" might have been poor, but it's hardly worth getting offended over. Plenty of companies cannot upgrade away from IE because the cost would be too high. I worked at a company that only worked with IE7 at one point. Sure, I could have said "just use Firefox" or "just use Chrome...It's free!", but that wasn't really an option. Now, granted, I'm aware that a company is not the same as a person, but it was just a dumb example I used to kind of point out that getting offended because Apple "punched down" is kind of arbitrary. Their web app broke when using anything but Internet Explorer 7, and they couldn't afford to upgrade it to modern web standards (they actually did get an estimate to do exactly that), so no, they didn't have a choice, really. I'm done with this topic; be as offended as you want. I'm actually kind of happy about this. While I don't personally use Atom at all, I think it's good that an open source editor is getting extremely popular. Much as I like Sublime Text, the fact that it's proprietary has prevented me from using it. I like Atom, but what's kept me with Vim is slight performance hit that you seem to have with Atom. I'm sure this will get ironed out more, and maybe it has been in later iterations. Have you managed to get good performance out of it? I always thought it was weird that it wasn't always publicly available. I'm ok with allocating taxdollars to funding new research, but I think that if my taxdollars go to something, I should have access to it. I can see where there should be exceptions like in cases of national security or maybe if minors are involved, but otherwise I think public stuff should actually be public. Is that true?! I think I might have a few new desktop backgrounds coming up... It totally makes sense. I kind of thought the whole point of public research was so that everyone could benefit. Much as I like Npm, I do kind of have to wonder if all this stuff is a consequence of having a centralized package manager. I personally prefer the Go solution of just specifying a Git repo.