I'm not a lawyer and I may be wrong but can't we use the patent vagueness against itself in a sort of "patent aikido" defense. It's seems like it would be trivially easy to release this source code given the way the patent is described. This source code does pattern matching for audio, sound and music. I looked at the patents in question. They only discuss this method for use with "audio files", "audio samples", "sounds", and "music". However the patent doesn't cover other types of waveforms with changing frequency and amplitude. With that in mind, couldn't you just change the language used to describe what you code does so that in now describes other types of waveforms that are NOT sound, music and audio? It seems to me that patent lawyers can either patent the implementation or they can patent the application of their implementation. Simply changing the application of the implementation you coded in a weekend would mean that the patents cited no longer apply to the code he wants to publish. Also, if these lawyers have never seen the code in question. How are they going to know you released it if it somehow gets released anonymously? David O. Sacks founded Yammer to solve the problem of excessive email between employees of the same company. Actually I did eaxctly what you suggested and contacted them to lower my rates. After escalating my inquiry all the way up to CEO Vikram Pandit, I learned that they do just change the rate to 29.99% for no reason. Here is the email I received today from a Citibank representative after sending an email to Vikram Pandit inquiring what I had done to cause my rates to go up. "Thank you for your recent email to Mr. Pandit. Since your inquiry is related to your Citi(r) Bronze(r) / AAdvantage(r) card ending in XXXX, he has asked that I respond on his behalf. Unfortunately, my recent attempts to contact you by telephone were unsuccessful. I certainly regret any inconvenience or difficulty you may have experienced in your attempts to request a reduced Annual Percentage Rate (APR) through our Customer Service area. Our goal is to serve our customers by providing superior service and products. One of the best ways to achieve this goal is to receive feedback, both positive and negative, from our customers. As the quality of the service we provide our customers is of great importance to us, I have forwarded your comments to management for review. Our records indicate that in October 2009, your account was included in a Change in Terms to the Card Agreement, which proposed to increase your APR from Prime + 9.99%, currently 13.24% to Prime + 26.74%, currently 29.99%. We consider a number of factors when changing terms. In order to continue to provide consumers with access to credit, we need to operate under revised terms, which include an APR change. These changes are being made due to the fact that our cost of doing business continues to be impacted by the challenging market conditions. Based on this total picture, we establish what we believe is an appropriate price for our products. While we realize you are not satisfied with the new terms, we believe the new terms are consistent with the current market conditions. As explained in the notification sent to you, cardholders were provided with the opportunity to opt-out of the Change in Terms, which would have immediately closed your account but allowed you to pay any outstanding balance under the prior terms. Our records do not reflect receipt of your opt-out notification; therefore, the new terms became effective on your January 2010 billing statement." You should also check out this article on Business Insider: http://www.businessinsider.com/citi-customers-reach-out-to-u... Apparently this was done to "force" to close their accounts according to one former Citibank employee who commented on the article. How about Portuguese? Brazil is a country that is up and coming just like Russia, China and India, making it a good market to get involved with as it offers growth prospects and market opportunities. On top of that, it's a great country to visit and vacation in. Besides pricing, be sure to keep in mind some of the technical limitations with Google AppEngine. Here are two serious ones: 1) Last I checked there was still no naked domain support. So if you plan on defaulting to http://mystartup.com/ instead of http://www.mystartup.com/ , you might want to check if this is possible yet. 2) HTTPS support is limited to https://mystartup.appspot.com/ . You CANNOT use https://www.mystartup.com/ last time I check. This is due to a technical limitation in SSL certificates that I'm not sure was considered at the time that Google designed the AppEngine architecture. There are ways around this, but it's messy and inelegant. One of the great benefits of AppEngine is using it as a cache server, because if I remember correctly this is either free or really cheap. I forget the exact details of how we worked this out at my last startup, but it's worth looking into because using Google's global datacenters for caching is much much cheaper than paying for AWS bandwidth and you also get much lower latency times. dotBen, I will contact the devs I used to work with and ask them about that and let you know. As someone who looked into phpBB and managed a vBulletin installation for a company I worked at, I will say that yes there definitely is room. I was also one of the first couple hundred users and one of the early active participants in two forums that grew to thousands of users (head-fi.org, thewolfweb.com), so I've experienced first hand the primary problem of forum admins: growing the community and handling that growth Here are the problems with the current options: -- phpBB and vBulletin are self-hosted. The new platform needs to be SaaS. -- Both platforms suffer from feature bloat, especially vBulletin. Forums aren't just products, they are tools for managing communities. Whatever product is designed to replace phpBB and vBulletin needs to begin with the basic premise that the forum participants are the users and not the forum administrator. -- phpBB and vBulletin right out of the box come with too many useless features enabled. Most are features you don't need or that you don't need until the forum already has a large number of users. They complicate the forum in the early days and hinder growth. A forum is like a shark. If their isn't movement/activity it dies. -- One key mistake almost all first time admins make is making too many forum "rooms" too early in the game. A forum should start with no more than maybe two to three "rooms". The software shouldn't prevent you from making more, but it should advise you against creating more rooms when the "activity level per room" is still low. The company who builds this software should actually discover the ideal amount of activity per room level to promote growth via aggregate A/B testing across all its clients forums. -- In fact, this previous suggestion is the first in a long list of features that help "prevent new forum administrators from shooting themselves in the foot" kind of like a safety switch on a gun. -- The new forum needs to be designed first and foremost to help its admins grow the user base and help stimulate user participation. This is key. Most new forum administrators don't have a clue on how to do this. I would say that the startup that tackles this problem would need to try a Mint Blog approach, which the blog educates the product's users on the topic of community management. -- Were I the product manager for such a product, I would read Clay Shirky's "A group is its own worst enemy" several times before starting and regularly while designing the product. The idea in that essay is really important to understanding the state of forum software today and the problem you are trying to solve. Avatars are an example of a problem with forum software today. The avatars in both programs can be modified to be any size and can include animated gifs and whatnot. Basically, the avatar features are currently configuration over convention. On top of that the current defaults for avatars leads to a situation where avatars are so big that they create a lot of whitespace between responses that interrupt the feeling of the conversation threads. Allowing animated gifs results in distractions from the primary activity. -- Invite features - Last time I checked, none of the current forum softwares are designed for viral/social growth. -- Migration tools are necessary. You should make it easy for phpBB users and vBulletin users to migrate to your new forum platform. -- Social network integration - The software should be designed from day one to have an API and to integrate with Facebook, Twitter, etc. -- Constant email notifications by default to stimulate user participation just like Quora does. However this needs to be simpler to "dial down" as a user becomes more active as it eventually clogs up the email inbox of that user. Quora's control panel for this isn't very user friendly as it is very granular. A better approach would be to sort the types of notification emails by historical frequency from those that user has gotten the most of to those that the user has gotten few or none of. This makes the decision very easy for the user and promotes them to only turn off the notifications that are actually inconveniencing them. -- I can cite at least one example that demonstrates that this is a product missing in the market: Zendesk. Zendesk comes with forum features, not because forum features are a necessary feature of a helpdesk, but because companies that need help desks typically need forums and there was no company that Zendesk could plug into via API for plug'n'play forum support. The forum software in Zendesk is adequate for most users' needs, but it doesn't scale well because it was always designed to be bolt on to the helpdesk itself. -- I haven't used GetSatisfaction yet, but I would imagine that this is a shared issue with them as well. -- Forums basically have two personas: hobbyists and shared-interest communities (i.e. head-fi.org, stevehoffman.tv, thewolfweb.com, church groups, etc.) and companies. That all being said, I would say that an similar product that is also needed, especially inside companies, is QaaS. Quora as a Service. A lot of companies want a Quora type solution first and foremost than a forum. I would say that Zendesk needs a product like a Quora-as-a-Service instead of a forum. I'm currently working on my own startup right now, but if someone were to want to build this, I would be very happy to serve as an advisor/board member for a small stake of equity. This is a problem that I've given a LOT of thought to and that I would love to see someone solve. why? The video for the app isn't very informative. It explains the problem, but does little to show how this app is useful and how it solves the problem presented for over 2/3's of the video. You sir are awesome. I am in a similar situation and this information is very useful. Out of curiosity, assuming I follow your advice to settle my debts, how would I go back to the US and re-establish a life there. Would following the above advice constitute "bankruptcy" or would it simply result in negative comments on my credit rating? If it would just result in negative comments on my credit rating, how long would they stay there? Apart from securing a mortgage, car loan or credit cards, what other consequences would I suffer upon my return to the US? What would I be unable to do? Would it impact employment prospects? If the credit collection agency violates federal law by claiming that they have ties back to immigration, what recourse do I have to file a complaint against them? It's the 7th of September, Brazil's Independence Day. Hmmmm... Given by the replies of others, I'm wondering if Google is showing a different homepage here in Brazil. It may help if you at least let people know the problem you are trying to solve with your startup or at the very least the problem domain. The reason I say this is because a good co-founder needs to be passionate about the problem. They need to be really interested in solving it to contribute meaningfully and come up with innovative solutions. What about living in a different country? One of my friends lived on $100 a month in China. Out there your 10k should get you 8 years and 4 months of living in Beijing. You certainly could last much longer in the countryside. You can supplement your money by teaching English. also, if you teach English in China, you typically get 16 hours a week of classes. This will typically net you an apartment and between 3500-6000 Yuan per month (about $450 to $800). You may be able to negotiate to work fewer hours in exchange for less pay and achieve your 1 hour a day or so dedicated to "other activities", i.e teaching. I'm in the same position right now. I am working on a startup with a developer buddy, but I decided to take a bit longer to launch to learn how to code what we are building. I use a 17" MacBook Pro for coding with Divvy to manage the screen real estate. I keep a browser, TextMate and Terminal open. Occasionally I will have a PDF open as well if I am learning something from an eBook. I also have a 30" Cinema Display that I use, but more often than not the portability of the laptop and the fact that I need to rearrange my windows when connecting the 30" display often prevents me from switching over to it. I have found though that the 30" display works well for pair programming if you enlarge the text in Terminal and TextMate or if you lower the screen resolution to 1920x1200. I agree with the distractions part. If I need to focus, email is closed as is twitter. Growl doesn't help either. sorry to be pedantic, but the lower bulk won't absorb bumps and drops. It will however reduce the impulse, because the lower mass results in less force impulse = F * dT F = m * a I would say that there isn't really a "Django slant" when it comes to UX and interaction design. Good UX and interaction design is completely independent from the framework you choose to work with. It's about psychology and human behavior and completely independent of the language or framework chosen. On the other hand, your choice of Javascript framework will probably have an impact, since they determine what UI elements you have in your toolbox. I would check out sites like A List Apart, 52 weeks of UX, Smashing Magazine, Boxes and Arrows, NetTuts, etc. to learn about UX design. That being said, it is my understanding that Django generally requires more configuration on a lot of things than Rails does. As a learner, this means that you may be spending more time on configuring Django for your app that may be better spent learning and applying UX concepts. Most UX happens at the HTML, CSS and Javascript layers of your program. On the other hand, I've heard more advanced devs complain that the conventions in Rails sometimes gets in the way of doing something different and that this isn't a problem with Django. If you already know Python, by all means stick with Django, however if you are learning the language at the same time as the framework, Ruby and Rails might be a better choice because of the company you will find yourself in. In my experience, I have also found that in general the RoR community is better with UX and UI, however I also get the impression that the Python community, at least in the US, is taking a lot more interest in excellent front-ends these days. It may be that the community in general is priding itself in UX or it may be that more startups are realizing that you can't have the Asylum run by the Inmates and are hiring full-time front-end developers from the beginning. Here's a list of UX Tweeps to follow: http://www.luminanze.com/resources/uxtweeps.html http://uxmovement.com/resources/4-best-design-pattern-librar... first of all let me just say ... it's about goddamn time they got their act together. 64-bit machines have been common for how long now? next let me say ... I hope HTML5, CSS3 and Javascript bury Flash quickly ... in a nice shallow grave. With IE6 dying, all that's left to bury is Flash. my man Pablo Picasso said it best: "Good artists copy, great artists steal." how are you going about shipping a glass container full of alcohol through the mail? When I visited the US recently to resolve some tax issues I tried to mail a bottle of Brazilian cachaça from NYC to a friend of mine in California. The US Postal Service, FedEx and UPS are refused to mail it except from one specific location prepared to mail glass bottles filled with liquid. On top of that they said that I need a liquor license to send beer through the mail. "The only thing worse than a pie chart is two pie charts." Edward Tufte You shouldn't use pie charts EVER, even if your client or customer requests them. Instead you should educate them why it's a terrible idea to ever use them and instead point them to the kind of chart they should be using, a bar chart.