Forget notoriety. University football generates a ton of money, and since we live in a capitalist society, the people in profit centers tend to get paid a lot than people in cost centers. If you have an email account somewhere with spamassassin, send some mails there, then look at the headers to see how SA scores you. Fix what's indicated and repeat. Not a 100% solution but it helps. Interesting bug here - the ip in the link is 209.85.173.104. The address of the site shown after the link in brackets is 104.173.85.209. I found the article to be pretty bad. It made me think of Marc Andreesen's critique of the Economist predictions - this one struck me as a technologist writing about non-technology, and badly at that. "On average, tappers expected listeners to get it right about half the time." Clearly the tappers were morons, because the minute I read that sentence it seemed off by several factors of magnitude. Both digg and reddit have karma systems so that each vote is not equal. I think that as a social news site grows (or any community), you have to subdivide the community somehow - essentially create a collection of niche sites. Who cares? I don't mean to be flippant, this just seems like the definition of something that only matters to a lot of self-important bloggers. That big 3rd paragraph seems to be the center of bogosity. "Her comparison helps to delineate differences between the two groups and provides a useful format for discussions." Translated that means - this is some bogus education theory that has no scientific basis behind it, and if you take action based on it, then whatever mess you create is your own fault. I had to take a survey course on education research during my postgrad days - the first thing the prof said was that basically education is a research ghetto where every half-baked methodology, and every bit of post-modern drivel can find a home. The "get your contacts from external sites" script may be a violation of the other TOSs, but more importantly it's a violation of your contacts' privacy. They didn't say you could give their info to facebook. They forgot to mention the rampant age discrimination. Why would any intelligent person go into a career where you basically become unemployable at 40? It's hard for me to come up with examples that would be relevant to you and that I can talk about, probably because it is illegal in the US (so they're careful). When I lived in Europe I would do a lot of telephone interviews, and in general people were impressed, but invariably they would end with "We just need one more thing - we need your date of birth for our records." I'd give that and there would be no callback. Once I lied about my birth date (a friend had told me that european laws allowed that). It resulted in the first offer I got during that search. The company I worked for (in Europe) at that time asked if they could put my age down as 39 (I was 40 at the time) on their about page. I can't really say that my latest experience was entirely about age, but it was unpleasant. Google my name (Owen Byrne) and it will be obvious. I built a fairly prominent website. Chances are you've heard of my "co-founders." but not me. Oh, hell. Lawyers ain't going to do anything about me mentioning the site. http://digg.com . You have probably heard of it. I was kinda shocked back in business school to learn that the age of an entrepreneur is a significant factor in success - the older you are the more likely you are to succeed. The explanation was that you have more contacts, more experience, and more money. That being said, there's probably no better way to increase your chances of success than failing miserably, preferably several times. The canonical example is Ray Kroc, who took over a little company called "McDonalds" starting at age 53. 47, co-founder, digg.com. Correct me if I'm wrong but hasn't "Comet" been around for ages? - the only change is that someone has put a catchy name to it. Or is it something more than using iframes to keep a connection open to the server and stream live data over that connection? Gotta give two thumbs up to that first point. I completely underestimated how emotional I am, and how much that interfered with my work. "Choose math because you will make more money." I could rant at length, but instead I'll just quote Greenspun: "Adjusted for IQ, quantitative skills, and working hours, jobs in science are the lowest paid in the United States." http://philip.greenspun.com/careers/women-in-science High school math starts you down that road. Other parts of his argument are better. digg.com got $50k from the founder of textamerica.com. We did some cross-linking at the time. Before that it was all Kevin's savings. He was a programmer once. Because we all say that. Many many times. I drove a Suzuki Swift (same car as the Metro) for a decade. Cost me $10k (Canadian back when they were cheap), never spent a cent to maintain it. Gas, I never noticed actually spending money on it ;-) It wasn't the cheapest configuration, though, it had 4 cylinders (as opposed to 3) and 14" inch tires instead of 13". I think the bandwidth problem can be addressed by learning about your router and blocking (or go meet and make friends with) the neighbour stealing it. But not blocking out casual users - ubiquitous bandwidth is the goal. I love the sentiment -- both subversive and welcoming -- like the best of the hippies. All you need is love! Though somewhere down the road, when the hippie experience turns into Altamont, is every person with a home network going to have a privacy policy? Will we all have to buy the same software the hotels and airports use just to avoid liability? For example, what happens if two people connect to your home network both without your knowledge, one does something bad involving your network and the other person's computer? Serial killer bad? Giant liability bills ensue. All too much. Make people engage, then engage them again, maybe one more time for the late comers, they'll find the signup. VCs like registered users, but if you do things right, and make it easy for users to register when they want to, they're an inevitable result of page views. I don't know. Are they? Putting it into a more emotionally charged version for us all - you can do a startup on your own and sell it for $1 million. Or you can be partners with someone who will do no work and take all the credit, but then the company will sell for $110 million, of which you will get 1% or $1.1 million. It's the VC value proposition ;-)