Your questions and answers aren't really "yours" on SE. That's the way it works. A bit unusual, but nothing wrong per se. Like Wikipedia, but that you still get credit for what you started. In my country (Norway) the seller, importer and manufacturer are obliged by law to fix or replace broken items the first 3 to 5 years after purchase depending on type of item. So warranty/guarantee is mostly useless, what the law provides us consumers is already better. Why is 6 months a more reasonable warranty? If my phone breaks down for any reason that is not my fault after 8 months, I'd expect to get a new one or it to be fixed for free. Politically, Norway is very left/socialistic. So that this "forces everyone" to pay for it is generally looked upon as OK, because one is not punished for getting a randomly faulty device. And it's great as a consumer, I get what I pay for, a functioning device. Well, the Norwegian government has decided that a phone should be expected to last for three years, a sofa for five etc. So a phone breaking down after two years from normal usage and no faults by the user is per definition a faulty device. This actually creates incentives to make more sturdy products and not speculate in planned obsolescence. > isn't it great for you as a consumer that you can take money from the manufacturer? That's not my point, and a gross misrepresentation of socialism. I know that in the end the consumers pay for it. But everyone chips in for those less fortunate to get a proper functioning device. >> doesn't seem like a game-changing difference to me The big difference here is that there is women selling these in private to other women. No man behind a counter. When the women come together about this, it may end up not being such a taboo, and they get advise on how to actually do this. So the game changer here isn't the price, but the community and independence for the women evolving around this product. That's kinda the point, though. Read the comments for that file. ;) > The other has refused to accept them, instead charging a fixed percentage service fee. Why not just show the real price in the menu? I feel offended when I've gotten shitty service and have to pay a "service fee". I also hate when my tip is what's paying the wages. Just set the price higher to cover the wages! They need to spend money on infrastructure/raw power for the interactive worm sims simulation. The code is open, so I guess that means you can host your own version if you'd like? Wow, cool that someone is sharing our project! It's for a course at my university called "experts in teams" where they combine master students from many programs in teams and give them tasks. A video with more shoots is available[1]. We got UAVs for the Norwegian oil industry as a task, and explored how they can be flown better in the future. Other teams with the same task made other cool stuff as well, for instance a custom drone for geological mapping. [2] [1]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANSjwWomIJ8 [2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5di01L1mot8 Ironic that your reply to a piece about strawmen is nothing but a strawman. Of course he is not meaning what you're saying, he's talking about context switching. If I have to wait 15 seconds for my tests to run, I start doing something else and my thought process around the problem is gone. I think it's only possible to up vote comments after a day or so, and no longer down vote. So when you say something controversial, the first hours you get a lot of both up- and down votes. But after a while, you only get the up votes. My student newspaper has written about the Moser couple and their research several times [1][2]. It's in Norwegian, though, so not sure how much of use it is to share (edit: apparently we have an English version of the second article, see response to this post). Does anyone have good resources about their research for a layman? Most international articles I've found contain very little other than the same stuff in this press release. [1]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/24478/ett-kart-for-alle-rom/ [2]: http://dusken.no/artikkel/22614/hjernefamilie/ Strawman... I'm neither against build tools nor the idea of a js build tool. Make would basically just run CLI in this instance, so it's exactly what I like. I like maven, but I hate when I need a special maven plugin for the tool I want to use. All these tools expose a nice CLI that can be used, no need to complicate it by adding more abstractions. If it weren't for how Grunt can watch files, I would have scrapped it for our project. Because the config Gruntfile for our build process is impossible to understand and maintain, but the end results are just some simple commands to various tools. Wow, cool to see my thesis here! I posted a picture of it [1] to r/bicycling yesterday titled I managed to make my thesis in computer science be about bicycles! , and it got some traction. I answered some questions in the discussion, if anyone is interested. [1]: https://redd.it/3p8hua Everything seem complicated when you dont properly understand the problem. This post is a good reason for why you shouldn't be picked. But that's not a library. It forces your whole project into a box in which it may not fit. Elm is not without problems as well, although they (him?) are working on the biggest pain-points. Not sure why you are calling off-piste skiing silly, a rich man sport and something one shouldn't do. It's an incredible feeling, lots of fun, and if you have to walk up the mountain first it's a nice nature experience as well. Yes, it can be dangerous, but it's a risk you can manage yourself. So it doesn't have to be very dangerous if one follows common advice and also don't ski where there is a high risk of avalanches. Everything carries a risk, my point was that off-piste skiing doesn't have to be too much more dangerous than more mundane stuff, like driving a car. > I'm having trouble beating a chess program I wrote. Not sure if I'm a bad player or the algorithm is decent Most beginners will lose to even a chess engine that only looks one step ahead, as it will not drop pieces in obvious ways, but the beginner will. Chess.js etc. is great btw. Last time I made some chess ai, most of the time was spent generating possible moves. En passant, promotion and stuff adds complexity. One thing I like about PHP for quick prototyping or one-off projects is that an error doesn't bring the whole server down. For instance, I held a workshop where I hosted a server the students were to do some requests to. I had written a simple Node application that read the json they sent and returned a result. What I didn't anticipate was that them sending malformed json would bring the whole server down. So then I had to add error handling and stuff. Of course one should normally do that, but in PHP the malformed requests would just fail, leaving other requests unharmed, which would be acceptable for this kind of project. You're not refusing my point by insisting on adding more complexity (a huge framework), when simplicity and rapid prototyping of a small script was the goal. This question is what I mean, extra stuff one has to keep in mind: http://stackoverflow.com/q/5999373/923847 Does it matter for a real project? Probably not, just some boilerplate. Does it matter when I want something quick up and running? Yes. Same for games written i Java, by using pooling and not deallocating until a safe spot. Was especially important in early Android, where a GC break would not just feel like minor lag, but actally make a really big stutter. I'd wish they were a bit more futuristic than having 9000 parking spaces. Why not offer buses from where their employees live or other means of transportation? It's easy to say that most people drive, but that's only because everyone always make that the most convenient mode of transportation. With some effort something else could be even more convenient. What does it mean being "supported", given that one already can use Kotlin on Android?