I'll raise the possibility of recycling the old "e" prefix, once more. e-rage e-despair (e-spair?) It might even be applied in initially unanticipated ways. E.g. e-lag (a takeoff of jet-lag): That tired, time-shifted feeling you get from 2 am "global" meetings, without the necessity of actually getting on a plane. It also can be taken to refer to things electronic, in general. Thus it might well be retroactively applied to activities such as programming the VCR clock, and the like. Whatever the phrase that sticks, an important component will be its easy pronunciation. "Road rage", "jet-lag". Simple and with preferred syllabic structure. For more on that, google some of Theo Vennemann's (linguist) work on optimal syllabic structures (I assume its out there somewhere). That was supposed to read: e-rage e-despair (e-spair?) Not all on one line. Guess I'm experiencing a little e-rage over this non-intuitive aspect of the comment editor. The links provided are "MacBroken". Here they are, fixed: http://www.satisfice.com/articles/hrbt.pdf http://www.stickyminds.com/getfile.asp?ot=XML&id=13289&#... http://www.cs.tut.fi/tapahtumat/testaus04/schaefer.pdf Or maybe it's NoScript getting in the way. Anyway... Yes. And self understanding can help avoid some of the counter productive if not destructive advice that comes from the "mainstream". It may sound like obligatory appeasement, but the "different not better" language really does come to apply to one's understanding as one ages. Particularly if you've not been successful, and observe those around you who were once a bit in awe of what you could do, having successful lives (in your own eyes) while you continue to flounder from one poor fit to the next. If I'd known then, what I know now, I could have made some better choices. I feel I've squandered a lot of what I have to offer. I'm most happy when I am truly helping others, but the course I've ended up on has left me largely at odds with one poor fit after another, wherein I largely end up making everyone miserable. Just by way of explanation, for myself I've taken some damage along the way that makes it hard to just change (the discomfort is very distracting; also, I need to maintain group health care coverage). I hope that messages like this will reach those who are like me, so that they might avoid forcing themselves into roles that promote such damage, physical and/or mental. Life's just plain not easy, for many, and there are no guarantees. I can only say that, for myself, as I've learned more about my own personality and how it does and does not fit into the world, I've become better able to cope. The author is describing a group of people who are very bright, but who also (in my case, at least) have a strong need for a social connection. Knowledge like this can better enable them to approach that on their own terms, and perhaps to then be happy with the results. I always like to have a peek at lists for something I may have overlooked (ooh, shiny!). This one is actually pretty good -- recommends a number of quality items. The average person here may already be familiar or have their own alternatives, but this list might make a good pass-along to less geeky friends. Maybe I'm fooling myself, but I definitely notice/perceive the need for glucose after extended concentration. Whether from a longer respite and a good meal, or from a modest intake of something like soda. With the latter, though, it is difficult to keep from overindulging and inducing a sugar buzz/crash cycle. Interesting. Someone posted this link over at Reddit. Gave me a chuckle. http://www.reddit.com/r/reddit.com/comments/70q4l/live_lhc_w... LHC Compact Muon Solenoid Experiment Webcams http://www.cyriak.co.uk/lhc/lhc-webcams.html For the web site, I find that I can switch to an SSL/TLS-delivered log on page by clicking the unsecured front page's log on button without entering credentials. However, the SSL/TLS-delivered page is broken in that some elements used in its composition are not secured. My understanding (not may area, so feedback welcome) is that this opens up security concerns; those unsecured elements allow the possibility for the page and its functionality to be compromised. I really dislike the more recent trend to "fancy up" submissions of secure information. Give me an SSL/TLS-delivered page with a valid certificate and which the browser can confirm as being (entirely) secured. Don't hide the security behind scripting and the like and ask that I take it on faith. UPDATE: I tried again, and this time the page was completely secured. So maybe my original concern is not present; however, it would appear that the site may be unstable to some degree. Again, not my area of expertise. But I figure here is as good a place as any for feedback to reach the developers, and/or to be corraborated by others' experiences. Has the Business Week site been cleaned up from its recent compromise (that was Business Week, wasn't it?)? I've been avoiding the site until I hear the "all clear". Thanks for this post/thread. I am extremely sensitive to (human) noise in my environment. For me, any degree of audibility can become very distracting and therefore frustrating. One exception is when there are so many voices that they become unintelligle; it seems my brain is then "willing to give up" and the distraction can be less. The presence of all that sound is still somewhat distracting and is tiring, but I stop being forced to perceive individual elements of conversation. I'd run across chatterblocker or a similar item but had not tried it. This is a good reminder to give it a go, the next time I find myself in an appropriate circumstance. I wonder, has anyone found quality recordings of crowds, e.g. of conversation in a busy coffee house or cafe? In lieu of a computer and program, I've wondered whether such a thing would be useful, but I do not have the recording equipment to make a professional-grade (and therefore, comfortable for long use) recording. In my struggles to get away from work environment noise, I've run across these resources: Direct Sound Extreme Isolation® Headphones http://www.extremeheadphones.com/ Ear Plug Superstore http://earplugstore.stores.yahoo.net/ Thanks. It's very informative to have the other side, as well. Tragedy, all around, it seems. Several additional products mentioned in the comments. In particular, this commentor points to a separate review he wrote that addresses some different products: http://bulletproofbox.com/web-based-rich-text-editors-compar... I remain surprised that Vinge does not appear -- to my limited knowledge -- to get the same attention that some other SF masters do. His works are excellent, particularly "A Fire Upon the Deep" and "A Deepness in the Sky". Probably should start with the introduction: http://www.stephenwolfram.com/publications/talks/mathml/math... (Just to hopefully be helpful. It took me a minute myself to notice the "previous" link at the bottom. Thanks for the article.) Blog post links to a RapidShare URL. Looks like the application comes from here: http://linux.techass.com/projects/etr/ http://freshmeat.net/projects/etextreader/ It looks to be pretty old; the previous to current version is listed with a date in 2002. But if it works (haven't tried it, yet), so what? Project Gutenburg hosts a file that appears to be one version back: http://www.gutenberg.org/etext/255 Now, for my "value added. For extended reading off the screen, I wanted to dim all but the foreground window. Whether reading a text book in an editor, or a text-ful web page, or what have you. After a fair bit of googling, I settled upon this (Windows only -- sorry) utility, Ghoster: http://www.donationcoder.com/Software/Skrommel/#Ghoster It can get a bit finicky with focus, and sometimes I have to hit the Windows key on the keyboard to get the taskbar to show, but I've never had a serious problem with it. I shrink whatever window until the contents have a comfortable width, flip on Ghoster, and have a less eye straining, distraction free read. And since the background is dimmed rather than completely blanked, I can still notice if e.g. an IM pops up. Thanks for this thread. I've been becoming increasingly concerned about both stability and liability in the face of today's legal climate. Even the little discussion community that I've managed on my own nickel I see increasingly as a potential liability. One nut whose posts get some official or professional attention, and my life might be made cr*p. Although I wasn't actively researching, this gives me some options to consider. Coming back from Europe in 87, to a small town in the Midwest, to realize that I was now a few keystrokes away from Europe -- via BITNET. SLEEPY, where are you? I still remember your text files. There is a shortage of work in the U.S. And despite the work being redistributed worldwide, the ability to travel to take that work is limited (various and numerous reasons; legal, social, and practical). Another aspect of the fallacy of describing the current world-wide economic system as "free trade". So, once again, we (this comment is U.S. centric) mortgage our future to pay for the present. This time, our intellectual and productive (as in real things, as opposed to words and paper) future. When we have no products to offer in return, we will be reduced to selling our capital -- the country itself -- in order to pay for the things we need. All the more so as other economies continue to develop both the legal structures and "service sector" workers to do to jobs that we were -- in grotesquely misinformed and/or misleading descriptions -- supposed to retain. Not to mention that, even if we did retain such work indefinitely, there's not enough of it to go around. Furthermore, not everyone's inclination nor ability lies in being a banker or a lawyer. A society consists of a diverse population; it is morally reprehensible to disenfranchise entire segments via such unsustainable market imbalances. groan Well, there's a plant in Japan that's apparently blogging. And the Swiss have recognized some set of plant rights. By that measure, vegetarians might be no better than murderers. In fact, their relentless focus on the exploitation of flora might even be viewed as a form of terrorism. Not to defend the theater aspect, but my (rather limited) understanding of effective security interview involves a series of questions and evaluation of performance across the responses. A single question by itself may not have much inherent meaning, but the composite can be quite effective. Can be. Not saying that's what they are doing in this instance. My own life situation is pretty messed up, so take this with a grain of salt. But: > I have always dreamed of becoming a scientist. I always loved maths, sciences, puzzles, theory but also programming and engineering. For hope, keep in mind that there are other people like you. And that some of them do achieve the kind of goals you state. > I find it the most soul-crushing experience to continue working while pretending that the whole thing is getting anywhere. If things have gotten to this point, you definitely need a change. Take it from someone who did not make the change: Continuing in such a situation leads to a downward spiral. I guess there can eventually be some learning value in the experience, but it is a brutal journey and the return ticket is not guaranteed. Evaluate what you have, and what is missing from achieving your goals -- or (they say it's the journey, not the goal, that matters) from making progress towards your goals. It sounds like you have a pretty stable financial and professional position. One that also provides you access to a lot of useful tools. How much time, effort, and "spirit" do you have to give to the organization in return for this? If you strike off on your own at this point, do you have a plan or some idea of how you will get these things: Self-sufficiency and the tools you need? Not that lack of a detailed plan should necessarily stop you. But do you know your next steps and have some comfort with them? I should add, too, that although some aspects of your current professional community suck, it can be easy to undervalue one's participation in such a community until it is gone. Sounds like there are people there who you respect. And there is likely professional and social contact you would miss. Being in such an environment can almost inherently help one to remain "plugged in" to one's field, as well as providing exposure to things one might not otherwise encounter or consider. So, you have yourself, and you have the situation you are in. What is stopping the progress? Is it the situation? For example, a heavy weight of demands for your assigned work may leave you with insufficient time and/or energy left over to pursue your interests. Is it you yourself? Do you need more external guidance to follow your desired path? (This isn't necessarily a bad thing, although it can have a bearing on the kind of work you may want to focus on. It may be painful, but it is a question that eventually needs an honest answer.) Are you a person who fundamentally cannot accept situations that you find "wrong"? (This, also, is not necessarily a bad thing. People who have refused to accept the status quo and/or incomplete or faulty reasoning, have eventually forced very valuable re-evaluations. This, too, can be a painful process and require fortitude.) While you are in your current position, you might focus on -- I kind of hate to use this word, not being the most social person myself -- networking. Try to get to know the people you do respect, and their work, better. Learn what other people are doing both at your institution and elsewhere. I imagine it's true in academia and government organizations as well as in business, that people hire people. If people you like and respect come to like and respect you, this may lead to new opportunities, and those will be with people you know and trust. Finally, I was recently in touch with an old friend who's part of the a very large research project. And, for all the intellectual brilliance you might imagine is there, some of the individual qualifications, or lack there of, and a lot of the personal behavior, as described to me was a bit stunning. There are some people there -- researchers -- for largely political or even bedroom reasons. There apparently is A TON of self-interest, and competition. Some of this appears to be inherent in research these days. Resources are limited, and the type A personalities will push hard to get what they can. People become very territorial. Aggression plays a significant role in at least some people's success. I say this looking in from the outside, based on this friend's comments; it may not be an accurate and/or an entire picture, but it's the one I've gained. My friend is one of those "brilliant" people who's always had to find his own path -- hardly mainstream and without the pretty, mainstream CV/resume some might be looking for. But, he can figure anything out, if it interests him, and is amazingly effective at "getting shit done". People who get to know him learn this and trust him. When someone else wasn't working out, one of those people brought him in to this project. My point is not to ramble on, but to say that for all the assholes, there are also good people out there, who "get shit done". And some of them get to know each other. It doesn't erase the bullshit, but it compensates. And apparently it lets them achieve their goals, if with some aggravation. Some of those people who "get shit done" will do so regardless of the environment. If there is an obstruction, they will find a way around it, or a way to obviate it. Or they may simply ignore it, come up with a minimum effort to supply required reporting, and get on with the things that matter (to whatever project they are officially on and/or to them). My description is, I guess, a bit simplified and even romantic. But in essence, it's how some people work. I'll try to tie this back to your situation. What do you feel are the real stumbling blocks? Is it the environment and what it demands? Or do you find yourself needing more direction? Regardless of whether you remain or not, you'll need some direction to pursue. Preferably one you are passionate about. You may not remain passionate about it forever, or even past the next year. But once you own it, environment becomes a means to an end. Hopefully not one you simply exploit entirely to your own ends -- sounds like you've already seen some of the effects of such an attitude in what you currently face. But one you turn, as best you can, to your purpose. And one where you contribute, because a better environment helps you meet your purpose. And if you do stay, perhaps a bit of that attitude might encourage your colleagues and improve the atmosphere a bit. Then again, I myself am currently in the pits. Take this with a grain of salt. But I'll submit my response nonetheless, in case there's any value either in or between the lines. P.S. I would avoid actively opposing people or engaging in hostility, even where justified. Senior researchers can burn you with a lasting mark. Rather, if you stay, I'd be tempted to think of it as more of a guerrilla campaign. One where you are out to achieve your goals while leaving any ignorant powers that be as blissfully unaware as possible. With regard to this, I will reference specifically health. I've had some persistent health issues that significantly limit my effectiveness. When they are ascendant, quite simply it is difficult to focus in the face of the constant irritation. (These result from injuries, and the medical community has been less than definitive and less than helpful in finding solutions.) My point is not a self-pity fest, but to say that, from personal experience, I've learned there are physical factors that can limit one's effort. I think that some people who have not experienced this, don't realize nor understand it. It is part of what makes community essential to achievement. We all learn from others, and passing on our knowledge is essential to continuing this progress. Similarly, people have times during which their ability to do for themselves is limited. At those times, the community can help to get them out of that low spot. (Whether family, friends, and/or a larger agency.) The result is hopefully someone who can once again contribute to the community. (Note that I'm not defining what that contribution should be. In that regard, I support a free market of ideas and personal interests.) It seems to me that for people who claim to value life, this should be a pretty basic understanding. And yet we have this persistent notion of the self-made person. In moderation, it's a good idea. Everyone has to find their own path and success. Taken to extremes, we end up with "survival of the fittest". This is a workable means of defining hierarchy, but it fails to investigate resource optimization where an investment in another may yield larger dividends. And it is at odds with that espoused viewpoint of "valuing life" in a general sense. It may limit the scope of cooperative ventures. And this is a time where human ventures are ever more complicated and in need of such cooperative effort. Individual effort is indeed necessary. But we need to look also as a community at what enables that effort, and where there are limitations, to work on removing them. And that I see as a group effort, not just one person grasping their bootstraps. The bootstraps are necessary, but they are no longer sufficient. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learning_styles#Other_models One of the most common and widely-used categorizations of the various types of learning styles is Fleming's VARK model: 1. visual learners; 2. auditory learners; 3. reading/writing-preference learners; 4. kinesthetic learners or tactile learners Visual learners learn through seeing (think in pictures; visual aids such as overhead slides, diagrams, handouts, etc.). Auditory learners learn through listening (lectures, discussions, tapes, etc.). Tactile/kinesthetic learners learn through experience -- moving, touching, and doing (active exploration of the world; science projects; experiments, etc.).