Real wizards code in Reality. I think the fundamental question is whether or not people in poverty can afford to buy food to eat. Not 'nice food' but 'food', period. The answer is usually - and increasingly - a very simple 'no.' Here are stats from one food bank org: http://www.trusselltrust.org/stats Or how about being too poor to heat your home? At least 15% of households are in fuel poverty: http://www.opportunitystudies.org/repository/File/fuel%20pov... Aside from the humanitarian questions, which should be self-evident, the reality is that poverty is a criminal waste of potential. At least some of those worrying about food and heat have - had - the potential to be inventors and entrepreneurs. That's not going to be possible while the culture they live in keeps them poor. Better than Gawker style: "The finance industry decided to screw over the nation's university students. You won't believe what happened next!" They didn't need patent law, because they had princes and armies. The also had a culture in which information couldn't travel faster than a man (usually a man...) on a horse, and patentable information could only be understood by a few hundred individuals in each country, at most. One of the points of patent law is to distribute the rewards of invention, so individual inventors - not corporations - benefit from their creativity. Patent protections aren't the only element in this, but they're one element, and a lot of 20th century products would never have appeared otherwise. It's simply not historical to argue otherwise. The 21st century works differently, but with the irony that the FOSS people claim their way is absolutely correct, and no other system is workable. Sharing certainly works if you have a day job that pays your bills. But innovation is not invention. Patents were originally designed for creative inventors , not commercial packaging operations like [insert corporate giant here], or freeware mash-up/YetAnotherFramework projects. In the US at least, the system has become a joke. But just because it's broken doesn't mean that inventors shouldn't be rewarded and protected somehow. Privacy concerns. Speed. Efficiency. Mobile data costs. >You have to be middle-class or higher in an advanced economy to use their system, in real terms. True for Apple PCs (except for the Mac Mini, but most people don't buy those.) Especially true for MacBooks. Not true at all for iPhones which are available on very affordable plans in all developed countries, and are ubiquitous, even for users who are nowhere near middle class. Microsoft is in transition. The idiocy that was Windows 8 all-but killed the Wintel desktop PC market. The server side is healthy, but desktop Windows is looking very shaky indeed. For better or worse, Jobs deliberately moved Apple out of Enterprise. We can argue about why, and we can argue whether or not it was a good decision. But Apple decided to focus on consumer computing - which strengthened the consumer brand and freed up development resources, if nothing else. MS is still trying to slide into all kinds of niches. It's succeeding in a few, but failing and flailing in many. Nadella will likely be more focused than spaghetti-at-the-wall Ballmer, so we'll have to see how that works out. Azure isn't solid enough as a cloud service yet - too many outages. Server is looking good. Office is kind of old and boring now, but still does what it does. So what can MS offer modern startups that they can't get better and/or cheaper elsewhere? I guess 'population' never included the original natives. Journalism thinks it forms a cornerstone of our democracies. But then it also seems to believe that we have democracy, which we plainly don't. I like the article. It has weaknesses, but it makes some good points. The bigger issue - to what extent should the media be about political empowerment - is another question. I'd suggest current branding/advertising strategies are entirely about disempowerment, because they train consumers to think and act passively. When you believe that politics is about voting for Product A vs Product B, which is almost like a Facebook like only it lasts a little longer, then you've already lost all your political power. Traditional journalism was sometimes able to hold power to account. We're not going to that from clickbait intent/interest marketing. Can anyone imagine Buzzfeed breaking the next Pentagon Papers? So who's going to hold power to account now? And how? I also live in Europe and I've had no problem paying Linode with a debit card. >The threat from Qutbism Islamic Fundamentalism (Wahhabi/Salafist inspired terrorism) is real and intelligence organisations work constantly to prevent attacks. Is it more real than the threat from a government forcing disabled people into suicide? Or retooling 'reform' on the economy with zero-hours contracts, depressed wages, and asset inflation? If anyone was looking to protect the elderly, the young, and the incapacitated, do you really think they'd hire GCHQ, Group 4, Capita, and the rest? Oh - and we know the spooks keep personal files. This has been going on for decades. Anyone to the left of Enoch Powell was fair game - including at least one former Prime Minister. http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2006/mar/15/comment... Are you telling us this has all stopped, because Internet, and because (we're told) you never saw it personally, so it doesn't happen? How many cheap, disposable, locally-networked drone-bombs could you make for the price of an F-35? How many could you make by spending 1% of the $1Tr tag the F-35 program has cost? Manned planes are the cavalry of the 21st century. They're glamorous and dashing, but also insanely high maintenance. On-board AI will only get better. And you only need one kill from a disposable unit to take out a manually-flown enemy. >In the last sixty years, a tremendous amount of money has been poured into education. That wouldn't be the last sixty years of explosive innovation and social growth, would it? You mean the most inventive and creative sixty years in all of human history? The problem now is that universities have become degree mills and social networking clubs. The subscription fees are insane, and because education has become commoditised, and too much of the process exists to exploit students instead of educating them, the results are becoming ever-more mediocre. But it would surely be possible to make useful adult education a part-time thing, with the rest of the time spent on useful work. It's not as if there aren't enough jobs that need to be done in healthcare, infrastructure maintenance, childcare, teaching, and all the other work that counts towards social, not investor, dividends. Unfortunately these jobs are deemed 'too expensive' and 'a drain on resources' - which is code for 'we're not going to make money from them in the next six months, so fuck everyone.' Stock prices are animal herd logic, not science. See e.g. http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=670404 If you believe that business should have long-term horizons and not simply be a machine for organising the maximum possible quarterly profit, stock markets in their current form are one of the least efficient ways to organise labor and capital. Inflated CEO pay is only one symptom of this. Just as an aside, I don't think ePub3 is going anywhere. Last time I looked it was an unholy mess and likely to remain so. As less of an aside, I think CC sharing and direct crowdfunding is the way things will go for creators. The only thing labels and distributors bring to the table for artists is public access, sponsorship, and promotion. A public creative network would bypass the first, support direct funding for the second, and promotion would become by fans for fans. I see no bad here - and if it means an end-run around the monopsonies and the death of the ad networks, even better. Neat idea. But if you were a time traveller, what would you use Google for, and why? I'm not convinced you're going to be Googling the future pope, because it's trivially easy to Google the current one. The possible telltales are not obvious. "so it's really hard to get a serious job in, say, software development, with just a few Coursera courses on your resumé" I think most wise recruiters will look for evidence of being smart, of getting stuff done, and of being a good fit. Unless you're in research, serious jobs are project based, not learning based. If you spend three years learning all you can about CS and making an Awesome Cool Thing, I don't think many employers are going to think 'Meh.' The situation in the UK is that degrees are getting more and more expensive and less and less valuable. It's making more sense now to go straight into work, even at intern level, than to lose three years and rack up tens of thousands in debt for no obvious benefit. If the teaching and learning were truly worth the cash, it would be no contest. But outside the Big Name universities, they really aren't. And even there, a big part of the benefit comes the networking opportunities. In middle league universities you don't get the networking, or the teaching, or the experience, or the industry connections. So what are you paying for? This seems like the beginnings of something essential. The current system is hopelessly broken and corrupt. It's not serving most students, it's not serving most teachers, and it's not even serving most employers. It mostly seems to be serving bean counters, bureaucrats, and property speculators, who are all making out like bandits. A serious disruption is inevitable. >than some imagined hurt to the economy Whose economy? I don't see how people who are working >80 hours a week are living in the same economy as the 'investors' they work for. Real spending power for most people has crashed since 2008; tech is a rare exception. How can that happen if these people are valued, equal participants in the national economy? Most EU unemployment is in the countries comprehensively raped by the IMF/EU Central Bank/European Commission cabal, who swooped in after 2008 demanding huge cuts in social spending so that the bond investors who were partly responsible for the crisis would be inconvenienced as little as possible. Greece, Portugal, Ireland, Spain and Cyprus have seen huge leaps in unemployment, underage prostitution, suicide, child and adult mortality, and drug use as a result. They used to be solid economies, with EU-wide unemployment running at around 7%. Now they're hollowed out shells. 'Employers' have nothing to do with this. It was purely a political decision, based on bad economic science (at best) and north-south racism at worst. Specifically, it's PR for nice lounges. Maybe YC can found LoungeBase[tm] - my new start-up which offers lounge services for customers of other startups. More seriously, I read Branson's autobiog recently. He likes taking chances, but if he hadn't had family resources to fall back on when starting out he would have been in jail. So that helped too. The professionals use StackOverflow. My problem with articles like this is that it ignores the fact that adults frequently act fearful and crazy too - especially when acting collectively and/or politically. You wouldn't have politics in its current forms if adult humans were fully rational and able to treat fear-mongering demagogues with indifference and contempt instead of adulation. Perhaps the real difference between adolescence and that kind of adulthood is the fact that adult craziness is mainstream and socially sanctioned, so it's not seen as crazy, while teen angst is considered proof of immaturity because it's not 'responsibly' frightened like adults are. Money is not merely a means of trading goods. Capitalist culture is essentially a Darwinian zero-sum game. Winners win big, losers lose freedom, basic necessities, and ultimately their lives - directly through a life of quasi-slavery working for someone else's benefit, and also through drastically shortened lifespan. Money is the game counter. Decisions about how much money is available, who has access to it under what circumstances, and how much freedom they get in return for that access, define the game. But they're not set democratically - they're declared by a fiat, by a priestly caste of economists and bankers who administer the game. The big difference between a Star Trek economy and this one is that in Star Trek, the game doesn't exist. Nor does the priestly caste. What happens instead is that individuals trust the culture to do everything it can to look after them, and in return the culture trusts individuals to contribute voluntarily without freeloading, or without having some kind of semi-psychotic 'use all the things' fit of pointless public consumption. It's effectively a trust economy, instead of a top-down planned economy like the capitalist system. Wait - capitalism is a planned economy? Uh huh. Didn't you notice? It's as planned as the Soviet economy was, but instead of the Politburo, the planning is coordinated by the priestly caste which sets the rules of commerce (e.g. 'corporations must maximise profits and growth at all costs, even at the expense of long-term social stability'.) In Star Trek, the economists have been replaced by planners who treat individuals like adults. The individuals act like adults, because they understand that the social benefits of volunteering time and talent vastly outweigh the personal costs, even if it costs them their lives. In capitalism individuals are forced to compete for essentials. This makes volunteering impossible for most of the population. It also turns the culture into a bear pit, and wastes a lot of energy on pointlessly damaging individual competition. >A large component of 70's stagflation was just supply shocks for oil. Why this never gets brought up, or is just brushed aside casually is beyond me. It's politically expedient to forget it - just as it's politically expedient to forget that the people causing the oil shocks and the people who benefited from them politically seemed (and continue to seem) to have some interesting relationships. Keynes is in danger of being written out of history, in the same way that dissidents like Henry George were. I'm not sure how many people realise the extent to which anti-Keynesian narratives were deliberately promoted and funded after WWII, especially in Chicago. The fact that Keynes is no longer considered an orthodox policy source is not an accident. >All statements are true, false, arbitrary, or nonsensical. And which was that? AI depends heavily on statements that are somewhat true and somewhat false at the same time. How distorted does a letter shape have to be before it stops being readable? How much does readability depend on context? How much does meaning depend on context? What if input is inherently ambiguous and noisy but there's a signal under there somewhere? As for smarts, there are different kinds: Abstract symbolic reasoning (e.g. pure maths) Using abstract symbolic reasoning to predict possible futures (physics, engineering, finance, AI) A talent for optimising choices towards an explicit goal through abstract reasoning about possible futures (all of the above, with brain-powered decision making) The same, but using unconscious processes ('intuition') that are not explicitly abstract or logical (all brain, no AI so far, but still effective) The author seems to be suggesting that the first two kinds of smarts don't necessarily translate into the second two kinds, for various reasons. And not all smart people realise this.