This design is like all others that involve separated, segregated facilities: Cyclists are at extreme risk of getting right hooked by turning drivers who will assume they have the supreme right of way even if they do see the bicyclists they mow over. Little tweaks like moving the stopping positions around have no effect on oblivious cagers. No it hasn't. Cyc has been widely reported on outside of academic circles for decades. It last got a lot a buzz when Watson was preparing to debut on Jeopardy. It can be viewed as a copyright circumvention "device". If they published the code in a book like was done with PGP it could be viewed has having a legitimate existence as a physical work. It is when you have a networked device that speaks X protocol. They were common in the 90's for test equipment and many are still useful today. These sort of legacy devices can't use newer alternatives. The copyright to the code of Popcorntime is held by its authors so a DMCA takedown on the code can't be issued on those grounds. However, it acts as a technology circumvention device (in a circuitous way) since it provides access to media that originally was encrypted. 17§1201 a.2: No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide, or otherwise traffic in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof, that— (A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of circumventing a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title; 17§1201 a.3.A: to “circumvent a technological measure” means to descramble a scrambled work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or otherwise to avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, or impair a technological measure, without the authority of the copyright owner; and They had a vague announcement about organizational changes a few months ago to a "flatter" hierarchy. It was the first hint of the layoffs that have now come to fruition. They still sell embedded DOS. Supporting legacy products is good customer service. It's not like they were spending tons of resources to maintain the code. It doesn't matter if there is an imbalance in the traffic flow. Verizon is being paid to deliver requested packets over IP. That's all they have to do. Singling out Netflix is pointless. If Netflix were replaced with 1000 video streaming sites with the same aggregate traffic volume who would they blame for all the data their customers are pulling in? Verizon desperately wants to avoid being a humble ISP with no way to pull the strings the way do with their telco service. That's why they're playing this game. while() doesn't cast to bool in C. It compares to integer 0 which will become an unconditional jump after optimization. Not to worry. Just the NSA deploying a MITM attack. The bugs will be ironed out soon and your transactions will proceed smoothly as before. Tcl and Python also have (multiple) bolted on OO systems that can be altered at will. It should be grounds for classification as a vexatious litigant since it clearly indicates that they're not serious about following through with a lawsuit and are just running a shakedown operation. They are moving in that direction because they are going to be swamped by cheaper Chinese clones. Some will inevitably have competitive or better image quality, features, battery life, etc. and GoPro must pivot to leverage of their first mover advantage in action cams. "I recommend using servers you've hacked or a VPS paid with bitcoin to hack from." Not a good idea considering Bitcoin isn't anonymous and a sufficiently motivated state can back track to an electronic purchase of bitcoin tied to your identity. He needs to randomize the 1P/2P assignment because Aquarius seems to prefer being on the right side of the tank and gets an unfair advantage as 1P. This is not really a Gamma correction issue (although gamma shouldn't be ignored for other reasons). It is the result of attenutation of high frequency information close to the Nyquist rate (1 pixel wide details) when downsampling. The applied gamma is adding emphasis to these high frequency details so that they survive the anti-aliasing filter and downsampling process. Maybe Watson's inference engine could be reworked into an automated PR generator and put them out of a job. It is still weird. * * is the other established convention used for exponentiation in languages like Python, Ada, m4, and others. If you're the IT admin you need to be sacked if you overreact without reading the full e-mail with this line: The "w0000000t" file is apparently part of a mass compromise of Microsoft FTP servers, which was found but not explained by a French security company named QuarkLabs in this slide Nothing in the message implied that the professor was responsible for anything other than trying to be helpful. Just be glad it wasn't "boffin speak" as the contemptuous British press are so fond of. There was a time when Apple only sold through franchisees and were unable to sell direct. And run like every other industrial egg farm in the US. The license only applies to derivatives of the markdown.pl code. The spec describes a "reverse engineered" implementation that is partially interoperable with the original but isn't actually derived from it. Reverse engineering for the purpose of interoperability is a legal activity in the US. Why would you need a third party to handle that? Just analyze your logs and spam the inactive users for free. The existing LTE version is now strangely listed as the "Gen 1" on the Motorola site.