I have one big problem with fingerprint authentication (really, any sort of biometric authentication). If I lose my password I can reset it. If I give out my password, either accidentally or under duress, I can change it. If someone wants something so badly as to copy (or take) a fingerprint, there's no way for me to "change" that password. The atmosphere of Mars is over 95% CO2[1] which I imagine could support the propagation of bacteria. The Moon doesn't have much of an atmosphere at all (a trillionth of what the Earth has).[2] [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_Mars [2] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Atmosphere_of_the_Moon Initial platform choice aside, I think this was the right course of action. For three of you (all technical?), launching on two high-quality platforms simultaneously would be asking for trouble. For those of us that don't have our iPad in front of us at the moment, could you explain the Bento IAP is and what we get for that $15? > I guess, but Zookeepers could also potentially talk about "What are the pros and cons of Gorillas vs Sharks?" And on an appropriate forum with as many readers as SO/SE you'd likely get well-thought out responses going far into detail regarding purchase cost, habitat maintenance, prevalence of skilled keepers, etc. Someone who actually was deciding whether to add a Gorilla enclosure or a shark aquarium would find it a very enlightening post. I understand you created SO/SE and want to see it move in a certain direction, but closing and deleting questions you don't like because it threatens your "science-in-the-small" goal is, I think, a terrible way to go about it. (FTR, I understand Jeff is not personally going around deleting stuff on the site) Thanks for the reply, Stefan, but I think you misunderstood what I meant by "appropriate" (thought I understand your use); I meant the zoological equivalent of SO/SE (Zoooverflow?) There's a world of difference between "I want to learn Perl or Python, what are the pros and cons of each?" and "What's your favorite programming cartoon?" I think moderation efforts would be much better spent directing the answers to the open-ended questions away from monoglotist flame wars and toward an honest discussion (there's that word again) of something. I don't think anyone would complain about aggressively closing questions like the one you posited. As a programmer, I've also dealt with the programmer ninja rockstar gurus who think anything less than 90% equity for building on top of someone else's platform is a personal insult to them. There are just as many jerks with over-inflated egos on the programming side as there are on the business side. FYI I found a typo on your FAQ page: What if I purchased the least popular t-shirt multiple times? Nice going! You will receive a coupon giving you free t-shirts in the same quanity as your purchase of the least popular t-shirt. The important part is that the article - and ultimately, the funding - are because of 9gag users uploading stuff they find on r/pics and r/funny, even though they'd never admit that (much like most Redditors would never admit the majority of Reddit's memes either originated from or are directly from 4chan). I'm sure it's no accident that there are 37 projects. I'd be more interested to hear feedback from people who aren't featured in the ebook. Looks interesting to say the least. FYI I did the Symfony demo, then signed in with Google and got a 404 error. It did save my progress, but I had to re-authorize before I could get back to the list of languages. Fantastic product, though. I see myself using this a lot. Any chance of a C# version coming along? This is an important question I think should be answered Tambur.io looks great. Another alternative if someone is looking for hosted SSL on a free plan would be Buddy http://www.buddy.com/pricing/ , free for the first half million API calls with unlimited applications. Pretty steep at $250/mo for 500,001-10MM calls. IIRC that's already something Facebook does with regard to the feed (as you mentioned). Say you get a friend request from someone you went to HS with, but outside of accepting the request you never interact with them on FB. They could post every day but you'd likely never see it. I would imagine that the strength of the intersection of their graph with yours would play a role in this as well. Can anyone who works at FB comment on this? I'd imagine this is one of the back-end engineering problems the developers there would enjoy working on. > Unfortunately SaaS doesn't work for us > I recommend you to use Zendesk Come on I'm somewhat curious why this spam hasn't been downvoted into oblivion. Am I the only one that's bothered by seeing that red dotted underline for ANonce, SNonce and Ack? As edw519 pointed out, I didn't do my research before making that flip comment. I didn't mean any offense by it and I apologize. I'm not a fan of loopholes either, but they exist and it'd be ridiculous to expect those able to not to take advantage of them. They'd just be burning off a percentage of their income. Everything Romney's done has been legal, if impolitic. I challenge everyone acting like he's the antichrist to show us their tax returns where they made a gift deposit to the US Treasury, because that's essentially what a lot of people expected him to do. I think if you were to look at all college dropouts (not just those that leave to go to SF) you would see it's certainly not a symptom of success. There are definitely successful people without degrees but it is the exception rather than the rule. It also depends on your definition of successful. By most definitions (including mine) this guy isn't. YC may change that, but it may not. I don't think it will have much to do with his degree, or lack thereof. If he lets you. Please take this with a grain of salt - I could only find it on Alternet[1] and I looked for the Gallup source they're referencing but shouldn't find it. The article is from December of 2011 as well. In the top 1% of US households (those with an income above ~$550,000 a year according to this article, but I've seen lower-end figures ranging from $380-660k/yr), 72% have a college degree v. 31% of the lower 99%. "Nearly half" of the top 1% has some form of post-graduate education v. less than 1 in 5 of the 99%. A lot of the 1% are CEOs, licensed professionals (JDs, MDs) and Wall Street executives, all positions the require baccalaureate or postgraduate degrees in almost every case. [1] http://www.alternet.org/story/153341/10_fun_facts_about_the_... I was being facetious, but this is actually an excellent point. Perfect example of something that's been available for ages but people somehow think they need a shiny web app (SaaS with a monthly subscription, of course) to do. Could this have something to do with the superstitious aspect of baccarat? The fact that the deck has been shuffled before it got to the casino but not even the casino itself has any way of knowing the order? The article mentioned superstition, but I've never played baccarat myself.