Really? You think? Gosh. If only this were /. & I could award you +1 for being so insightful. @OP: sad story. I am a little surprised, a little disappointed, and sad that it's only a little. It's a fair comment. Actually, I mostly use that blog as a place to post comments from online discussions elsewhere, often as much for my own later reference as anything else. I am taken aback to find that a friend has linked to it on HN and it's attracted so much discussion! If I had meant it to be widely-read, it would have been rather different and submitted for professional publication -- probably on the Register. The only point of yours that I'd disagree with is that I contradict myself inasmuch as Win10 is different from earlier versions. Yes, it is; but it is not _completely_ different. It retains many major UI elements, such as the taskbar, which function very much as they did before. There is something called a Start Menu again, but this works significantly differently from in earlier versions -- but then, it has been substantially reworked in previous revisions of Windows, as well. I don't generally use Windows much and have not done for many years. However, sometimes paid office jobs require me to, and I like to keep my hand in. As I'm used to launching apps with a search command in both OS X and Unity, I simply did so in Win8. I was not discommoded by the disappearance of the Start Menu. However, having one back again that's only superficially like the old one actually requires rather more adjustment, I have found. Win10 is quite similar to Win8.1 except that the Start Screen has been reframed as a menu, and the Charms bar has gone. Win8.1 was of course very similar to Win8. Win8 was different to Win7, but not massively; and so on. GNOME 3 is _very_ unlike GNOME 2. There is little commonality in the UI. I'd say GNOME 2 bore a closer resemblance to KDE, Xfce and LXDE than it does to GNOME 3. Of course, new versions of major Linux desktops have often prompted people to fork and continue the previous version. KDE 3 begat Trinity, GNOME Classic Mode begat Consort, and so on. Generally, these forks have languished -- remained obscure or died. The fact that GNOME 3 begot both Cinnamon and Maté, and that both of these have proved, relatively speaking, very popular and successful and seem to be in relatively rapid, active development speaks volumes, I think. Some years ago, I published an article about the factionation that GNOME 3 had caused: http://www.theregister.co.uk/Print/2013/06/03/thank_microsof... At that time, I saw it as a very negative thing: a loss of, er, unity. Now, I see it as more positive. GNOME 3 did re-enliven things and has brought us more diversity and innovation. Just possibly inadvertently. :-) Honestly, yes, I was unaware of that. But also being honest, I dislike hot-corner activation, which Unity also does. Screen edges are much bigger and easier to hit, as per Fitt's Law. That's fair enough. I set it to autohide on smaller screens, such as sub-14" notebooks. I do miss the old "dodge windows" config option, though -- that was very handy. A sort of auto-autohide that only triggered when you needed it. Thanks for that. JOOI, I was not notified of any such comment. I did get and unscreen a single comment, but it's a different (anonymous) one – visible there now. You should be able to sign-in to LJ to comment using any OpenID. In fact OpenID itself actually originated as an LJ-affiliated project by one of LJ's developers. I do learn to adapt to the provided UI on many devices and OSes /where I don't have a choice./ But on Linux, I do have a choice, so why should I spend the effort adapt to something that doesn't work the way I'm used to or in a way that I like, when I could just switch environments to something that I find more comfortable? When I worked at Red Hat, I switched from GNOME 3 to Xfce. Yes, it's old fashioned, but I can, with some effort, set it up to work much like Windows with a vertical taskbar – a layout I find convenient and flexible. As I said in the blogpost, on Windows I use a vertical taskbar on the left screen edge. On Mac OS X, I move the Dock there. On Unity, well, that's just where it is and it's hard to move, but I don't want to, so I'm fine with that. On GNOME 3, I get that too, but in a limited, rather inflexible and unhelpful, form. The primary question is: is there a benefit to me in switching and re-adapting to working in a system that's significantly unlike any of the others that I use? And the answer, _for me_, is no. I don't get enough reward to justify it, so I don't adapt - I switch to a desktop that works in something approximating the way I like. Although I've used Windows since v2.01 in 1989, I switched away from it at the turn of the century. Now, OS X and Unity give me a fairly consistent desktop. With tweaking, Windows and Xfce give something very broadly comparable. GNOME Shell is left as something of an odd-man-out. But that's just me. I am very happy to see its increasing polish and that it's winning people back. Aha! Now LJ is showing me 2 spam comments – but as I said, no notification. I've unscreened them. Sorry about that. My thinking is similar. Long ago, I outlined it on a mailing list as follows: I'd like to posit a progression of animal awareness. (In the full knowledge that there is no "tree" or "hierarchy" of evolution; the progression is merely a convenient way of presenting some data.) 1. Single-celled animals, such as amoebae and /Paramecium/. Many of these display simple taxic responses: they move towards light, away from heat, and towards or away from certain chemicals - they pursue concentration gradients. In other words, a single cell can display what could be called "voluntary" movement; it does not follow programmed paths but responds to its environment. You can watch a Paramecium in a microscope, swimming through a world of bits of plant and mineral matter in water. If they bumble into something, they recoil, and set off in another direction. If they catch a scent of something that might be food, they change direction and set off in pursuit of it. It's much like watching a much bigger animal, like a mouse, explore an unfamiliar environment. Surprisingly like. Similar behaviours can be observed in all sorts of small animals, like collembolans and nematodes. Small animals - even single-celled ones - interact with their environment, responding to stimuli in ways that are more than a simple, determinate pattern. They are not like a clockwork mouse or toy that always follows the same path. 2. If you put a woodlouse in a T-shaped maze - one junction, choice of left or right - and teach it that food and a damp place lie in one direction and bright light and dryness lie in another, you can teach an individual woodlouse to turn left or right consistently. In other words, a woodlouse has a memory. It can learn new behaviours. Woodlice have enough "brain" to at some level form a model of their surroundings. They can learn a very simple map. 3.Many small invertebrates form social colonies. In land-living ones, like ants and termites, animals leave a chemical trail as they move around, depositing markers indicating desirable discoveries. This is how an ant colony "finds" sugar in our kitchens, say. One randomly-exploring ant finds sugar, and retraces its steps home leaving a marker indicating that it's found food. Other ants follow the trail, reinforcing it, until a path is marked for the colony to move large amounts of food back to the nest. In other words, ants make and read signals for other ants. 4. Flying insects can't do this; there's no direct way to mark a trail in the air. So bees, as is well known, have evolved a form of symbolic communication: the "waggle dance". By dancing in a certain fashion, a worker can "tell" other workers the direction and distance to a food source. The dance indicates direction relative to the sun - bees can see the polarisation of light and thus see the sun even when it is covered by clouds - and distance, and it does so independent of the orientation of that bee while it is dancing relative to the sun. In other words, bees have symbolic communication. Their signals are not direct, one-to-one, follow this to the food; they are abstract and require interpretation. Obviously, this is innate, it is not learned behaviour, but individual insects learn the way to food and communicate this symbolically to other individuals. 5. Small mammals can be taught complex behaviours in the lab. Rats can be taught to press levers to obtain treats; mice can be taught to run mazes; "experiments" with wild squirrels have shown that the animals will perform an amazing array of actions to obtain a food reward. Many of these patterns of behaviour show that the animal is able to learn that unrelated actions can elicit a reward, showing some kind of understanding of cause and effect. 6. Non-mammalian vertebrates perform all sorts of ritualistic behaviour that is not directly related to finding food, a mate, predator avoidance and so on. Many birds have mating rituals; male bower birds construct huge and elaborate structures to tempt females into mating, which are presumably derived from nest-building behaviour, but actually the structures serve no purpose other than to be on some level "pleasing" to the females. Many migratory birds such as albatrosses and swans form long-term pairs which persist over years, sometimes lifelong. They can recognise their mate and when they rendezvous at breeding time indulge in long rituals which appear to stimulate and reinforce the pair bond. Obviously mate recognition does not involve some simple biochemical cue of kinship which might be used in a mother finding her offspring in a large, mobile breeding colony independent of environmental cues, such as penguins. Maybe penguins can "smell" or "taste" their own offspring by some form of genetic resemblance; I'm not aware of any research into this. However, even if they can, and don't somehow just learn what their offspring look or sound like, the same cannot apply to individuals recognising their mates, who are, by choice, usually not directly related. In other words, these birds "know" their non-related partners, can recognise them and distinguish them from strangers, and behave in entirely different manners around their partners to around other individuals. When encountering their partners for the first time after a protracted absence, they indulge in displays and other complex behaviours which are not directly survival-related. It is hard to watch such a pair being reunited without thinking that they "feel happy" to see one another. It is also a reasonably common experience to see one which is isolated and has lost its partner, witness its lack of animation, listless behaviour and so on, and the human reaction is to interpret this as the animal "feeling sad". 7. Anyone who has owned a pet dog has witnessed canine behaviour which at times closely mimics human responses: being hopeful, being excited, being sad, being afraid and so on. The null hypothesis here, it seems to me, is that the animal actually has these states of "mind", rather than that it is going through some completely different, separate, unrelated process which merely closely resembles human emotional states. To my surprise, as a fairly recent and reluctant cat owner, I have seen my cats exhibit what appears to resemble such complex reactions as a rapid survey of the surroundings to see if anyone witnessed an awkward fall. 8. Outside of the remit of pet animals in human company, though, mammals which live in social groups form a complex of often hierarchical relationships: dominant and submissive members of the group and so on. They perform patterned behaviours where different members have different roles; hunting animals such as female lions and wolves, for instance, cooperate, so that hunting parties contain scouts, flushers, chasers and so on. Many group predators display patterns of behaviour such as setting up ambushes. These roles are not fixed but are interchangeable between members of the pack. This demonstrates that the animals not only know of each others' existence, but of their relationships, since for instance in felines often only relatives cooperate. Elephants, wolf packs and so on may comprise unrelated individuals, though. Particular members of the group have expectations of the ways that others will act; cooperation must be learned, and members that do not cooperate may be "punished" by biting or by withdrawal of food. They also perform planned activities; ambushes or driving prey towards a pre-placed fellow pack-member indicates some form of awareness of the future. One cannot plan if one does not remember past events and strives to re-create things that have worked before; this indicates an awareness of time and of modelling the behaviours of other animals, so that there are expected, desired behaviours and unexpected, undesired ones, both in fellow pack members and in the prey animals. This implies a considerable degree of ability to form and maintain mental models of the behaviours of unrelated individuals. 9. Many animals have been shown to make and use tools. Not only chimpanzees in the wild, or finches in Gibraltar which use thorns as probes and levers to get at otherwise-inaccessible food items. Crows have been experimentally demonstrated to be able to improvise tools from available objects to get at food items. In other words, tool use is not always inherited behaviour or mimicry of others; the invention of novel tools has been demonstrated, outside of the mammals. 10. Again in the Aves, recently, a well-known experimental African Grey parrot named Alex died. Alex had been taught human speech; he was able to identify a wide range of objects and colours by name in English, to count up to five or more, to understand simple questions in English and formulate novel answers in the same spoken language. He was able to spell simple words out phonetically - "nuh, uh, tuh, NUT". He was able to express desires in spoken words: "wanna nut, now", even when this did not form part of the experimental dialogue. Many instances have show that his utterances were not simply mimicry of those of his trainers; he was able to construct sentences of his own, as well as parse those of his trainers. This shows considerable proficiency in manipulating an alien to him form of symbolic communication, very considerably exceeding the abilities of chimps and gorillas in the use of sign language. Video clips are available of conversations with Alex; they compel most observers to complete re-assess the presumed levels of intelligence of a bird with a brain the size of a walnut, orders of magnitude smaller than a human's brain. 11. Such symbolic communication is not unprecedented among wild animals. Social mammals such as meerkats have vocal calls which can indicate the type of threat that a scout has perceived. Many primates do similar things. Different groups use different sounds; these are not inherited actions, they are learned, or else genetically-similar groups in varying locations would use the same noises. Wild animals use symbolic communication to manipulate the behaviours of others, sometimes even in an altruistic fashion - favouring kin over themselves. 12. As previously discussed, chimps have been observed to lie, meaning that chimps are not only able to model the behaviours of other chimps in their troupe, they also model the mental state of those others. This is not to say that a butterfly with eyespots on its wings is consciously "lying" to predators, but when a more complex animal such as a chimp gives false information to other chimps, I think that what it's doing is certainly trying to manipulate another's mind, implying that it knows it has a mind. What I'm trying to demonstrate here is that there is a fairly simple, steady, observable and demonstrable increase in the sophistication of animal awareness of the world. Few aspects of human cognition are unique to humans; just about everything we do except writing - a recent human innovation, not an evolutionary one - various animals do too. Animals can be shown to possess and perform just about every mental trick that we do, from symbolic manipulation to abstract thought. Cognition is not a uniquely human behaviour and neither is self-awareness. We're just better at it. It's a difference of degree, not of kind. Now, this being so - and I think it is unarguable, but I welcome attempts - and the basic aspects of stimulus/response being readily demonstrable right down to single cells, what I want to ask is this: Where is the step from simple reflex action to perception/thought/response? Even in humans, functional NMRI has shown that the cerebral impulses governing physical actions arise before the conscious mind is aware of them. Whereas we do undoubtedly reason things out and act on them, in much of the basic action of the human brain, the conscious mind is merely a spectator, watching what's going on "beneath" it and then rationalising after the event that it "decided" to do that. Thinking is not, I submit, some special event in the brain. It's merely a slightly more sophisticated version of the very simple environmental modelling that even small crustaceans like woodlice do. Right down at the level of animals that have no brain, merely a small loop of nerve tissue around the mouth with more ganglia than elsewhere, animals take a step back from simple direct-wired stimulus->response, filter the incoming signals, form a model of what's going on, and act upon it. This, I submit, is the simplest kind of "mind", and the difference between it and us is that we have an awful lot more neurons and much more complex neural networks in between "in" and "out". It is a difference of degree, not of kind. Purely quantitative, not qualitative. A woodlouse "sees" in exactly the same way as we do. There's no deep difference. Many insects and birds and fish see colour better than we primates; they can see more colours, more differences over a greater range. The bigger the brain, the more complex the pattern-analysis; the bigger the patterns that can be identified. What happens, though, is still the same: a sensor detects a stimulus, sends an action potential down an axon to a ganglion, where it triggers a cascade of other action potentials that propagate across a network of neurons until they either elicit a response or not. The difference is that in humans, the cascades are bigger than they are in other animals, except whales, dolphins, elephants and the like. In at least some of the great apes - chimps and orangs - some of the impulses originate in some circuits whose job is to monitor the activity of the rest of the brain; there are circuits given over to modelling the activities of the rest of the brain, and there are circuits given over to modelling the model. The senses include awareness of brain activity: a feedback loop. The brain model includes a model of the brain model. Where, in this model, do "qualia" occur? Where is the great marvellous miracle over which so much paper and so many innocent electrons are expended? To me, it all seems fairly simple and clear. I don't understand why there is so much debate. What, you mean apart from every Unix ever? (All right, all right, excluding Mac OS X. But it's weird.) Beware of echo-chambers. http://n-gate.com/ Exactly! What is the point of recreating something _resembling_ a Model F but that doesn't have the same layout? Ctrl to the left of A, Caps Lock out of the way at lower right (in just the right position to be remapped as RAlt or Compose). What thought process goes "we'll recreate this classic device but we'll remove just a couple of the features that make it distinctive"? How is that ever going to be a recipe for success? I think a few [[citation needed]] comments are required in there. :-) There are, or were, 4 forks of AmigaOS around. From memory, here is the breakdown… * AmigaOS 3.5-3.9. By Haage & Partners. Proprietary. Runs on original 680x0 hardware. Based off the original binaries, with many added components and some bug-fixes & updates. * Amiga OS 4.x. By Hyperion, originally licensed by Amiga Inc. Proprietary. Based on officially-licensed original sources, rewritten for PowerPC. Runs on some recent licensed PowerPC-based Amigas & some PowerPC accelerators for original machines. * MorphOS. Proprietary. a 3rd-party recreation, sponsored by Genesi, natively for PowerPC, with rumours of an ARM port. No original sources used. API-compatible with AmigaOS 3.1. Runs on unlicensed, non-official more recent PowerPC machines. Rumours of developers not being paid. No development in a while. * AROS. FOSS. Runs on x86, with ARM, PowerPC and 680x0 ports available. All are API compatible with Commodore AmigaOS 3.1. AFAIK, all include emulator(s) so they can run original binaries. Nothing is very compatible with 3.5-3.9 as they were 3rd party extensions. None of the successors are very compatible with each other. AmigaOS 4 and AROS are experimenting with multiple-core support. Personally, I don't see a lot of future for any of them. The original AmigaOS was something of a triumph, but it achieved its small size and good performance because it targetted the 680000 -- yes, it does full pre-emptive multitasking, but there's no inter-process memory protection, no virtual memory, and poor hygiene between OS and apps or between different apps, making it hard to adapt to more modern hardware. AIUI the communication mechanism between the kernel and apps uses shared memory, meaning that even Commodore itself was unable to enhance it to use the MMU of later 68030-based Amigas, because that would have broken backwards-compatibility. If anyone fixes that, that will make it less Amiga-like and less compatibile with the old OSes. I have the demo version of MorphOS running on an Apple Mac mini G4. It works fine and it's fairly quick (until the demo version times out after 20min and slows down.) But there's no Wifi or Bluetooth support. It looks and feels like, well, a fast Amiga 1200 (the only original hardware I own.) In other words, very retro and a bit clunky. The Mac mini is a machine built to run Mac OS X 10.3 or 10.4, glossy modern 21st century OSes with transparency, scaling, versatile networking and filesystem support, and some high-profile commercial apps. MorphOS feels like a 1980s OS with some bells and whistles glued on. AROS probably has the brightest outlook and I can see a niche for it as a low-resource graphical OS for low-end ARM machines such as the Raspberry Pi. But the capabilities of such machines are improving fast - the RasPi 3 has 4 x 1-GHz cores, a capable GPU (which need restrictively- proprietary drivers), a gig of RAM, Wifi and Bluetooth. AROS runs under Linux -- the native port isn't finished -- supports 1 core and no wireless. It hasn't caught up with the hardware as the hardware evolves to leave it behind, becoming more capable of doing justice to a modern graphical Linux desktop. I've occasionally played with Gobo for years now. I am delighted to see it coming back to life of late. One thing I've always thought would be ideal would be if either or both of the 2 Linux desktops that natively implement the idea of application-directories were top support Gobo app-dirs. Those 2 are GNUstep: http://www.gnustep.org/ ... and the ROX Desktop: http://rox.sourceforge.net/desktop/ GNUstep implements NeXTstep/macOS style app dirs: a top-level Appname.app folder with an OS X-like structure inside it. ROX Desktop implements Acorn RISC OS-style app dirs, called !Appname ... and containing a different but comparable layout. A fair point. I would have liked to see what his existing writing partners -- Neil Gaiman or Stephen Baxter, for instance -- could have done. But it's not what he wanted. Strongly agreed. Especially since multiple successors to Unix already exist -- notably, Plan 9 and Inferno. It wasn't for x86 only. It ran on almost anything: ARM, SPARC, PowerPC, you name it. In its more mature form, as Intent/Elate, it is _the_ single most radical OS there's ever been, pretty much. It makes Inferno look conservative & staid, Plan 9 no more than a tweaked Linux distro, and Minix 3 a tweak of NetBSD. It's also been on HN before: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9802379 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=9806607 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15470338 https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=15527936 Boustrephodon works very well for _words_ -- but badly for numbers. Even Roman-style ones. I suspect that put it at a disadvantage. No, it is not remotely contentious. The actual situation is that the petrochemical companies are spending a large amount of money on spreading FUD to obscure just how dire the situation is. They are immensely wealthy, meaning that they are immensely powerful. Concerted action to combat rising carbon dioxide and methane levels would destroy them. So, they are spending a lot of money fighting efforts to control fossil fuel use. Since the science is completely clear and unambiguous and there is no reasonable doubt whatsoever, the easiest tactic is to fog the issue. To spread suspicion that there is contention. To pay for contrarian researchers to say it's unclear. Additionally, it is important to realise that our times are ones of major cuts in funding for science, basic research, academic institutions, and so on. This means that research organisation and individual scientists have to chase industry sponsorships. The majority of geologists, mineralogists, palaeontologists and so on work for petrochemicals companies, or work for companies or organisations that are funded by petrochemicals companies. So they are muzzled: they are not allowed to speak. I personally have spoken to 2 such individuals recently. In public, both say "it's unclear, there is conflicting evidence," etc. Their employment requires this. In private, off the record, they are blunt. "We are fucked. Completely, totally fucked, beyond any hope of remediation or moderation." No, it's not controversial or unclear. But there are legions of conspiracy theorists, religious advocates and assorted nut-jobs who delight in seizing on any hint that it's not certain and spreading FUD. And there are those who don't care because it's clear that stopping this process will be vastly expensive and very bad for the stock markets and so on, and they care more about money than the planet. This seems insane to me but I know such people personally. It's quite common. Equally, media organisations come in 2 forms: those committed to balance and impartiality, who convey both sides' views, 50% each -- the real science (99%), and the paid lobbyists and fringe lunatics (1%). And the other kind, who spread lunacy (InfoWars.com etc.) or what they are paid to spread (Fox News, News Corporation, etc.) So the media representation is that there's controversy and it's not certain. There isn't. Go look at the scientific view, and we are completely fucked. We are in the exponentially-rising part of the curve of the 6th great mass extinction event and it is not meaningfully possible to stop it. It is, of course, possible to work to make it not quite so bad, but it will cost trillions of $/€/£/whatever. The rich don't want that. They're mostly old. Companies are immortal or nearly, but they, by design, chase the easy money and the safe bets. The industrial revolution and the economic system of the world is based on machine power replacing human and animal power. It will continue to pursue that until it collapses. At this point, changing that requires replacing the current military-industrial complex and economic system of the whole world. That's as hard or harder than cleaning up our act, so it's not likely to happen -- not until it's too late. That's a foolishly simplistic view. From simple models -- e.g. foxes and rabbits: https://niko.roorda.nu/computer-programs/fox-rabbit-theoreti... -- to more complex web models -- http://journals.plos.org/ploscompbiol/article?id=10.1371/jou... . In any such models, sometimes, with extreme population growth of any one member species, the result can be collapse so severe that that species goes totally extinct. We're not looking at a simple redistribution. We're looking at exponential explosions, and they tend to be followed by a total collapse. You're kidding, right? IBM actively shuts down whatever emulation efforts it can... e.g. https://www.theregister.co.uk/2008/07/02/ibm_buys_psi/ Are you thinking of OPL? OPL -- Organizer Programming Language -- was the default Psion high-level language bundled with all their EPOC machines. It's a block-structured BASIC-like language.