I think if BART owns the repeaters or cell towers etc. then they have every right to turn them off whenever they want. With or without permission from the carriers or occupants. I found it confusing at first but I believe it's trying to say that you don't have to sign a contract to get the basic wifi iPad, unlike with the 7.7 galaxy tab which starts out at $499 with a 2 year contract. If you buy without the 2 year contract it would cost an enormous $699 which is less than the carrier iPad at $629. Be grateful many people don't have these opportunities. We all pay the same for tuition if weren't not from that state. I've suffered working in a restaurant for the past 6 years and low rate college pay jobs. At least we can still afford tuition when a lot of people can't or don't even have the option to go to school. I have always wondered if crimes are getting more violent or if the amount of coverage we give the violent ones has increased. The closest I will get to the news is the Daily Show, because at least they poke fun at the American media for how ridiculous they can be. The pinch and zoom feels much smoother on Safari, it's especially helpful on my laptop when viewing from a distance. Tha being said I'm really tired of being in the "walled garden" I have a Windows desktop and Andriod Tablet that would love to share iCloud tabs and bookmarks. Chrome can do all of that. Glad to see at least one of my senators attended those meetings and doesn't remember being briefed about phone metadata collection (Johnny Isakson R-Ga). But then again the Director of National Intel James Clapper said that he understands that "collect data" would mean they take a book off the shelf and read it. Not that they have a giant bookshelf of data that is possibly yours and mine. Just another politician type doing some CYA. We will see more to come. [1] http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/intel-dir-james-clapper-lie-c... They have an option to log in to the command via a web interface in case you block yourself. Just got graduated and got a job in the software industry. Learned a lot from reading hacker news articles. Thanks HN When I first read this I starting thinking this is a good start but I think these companies are just trying to save face. Now that these programs have been exposed in more light both sides, the government and the companies who participate, are just trying to minimize the impact without telling the full truth about other programs. http://www.theatlanticwire.com/politics/2013/07/nsa-admits-i... The website is unreadable on a mobile device. I can't zoom out. They are only paranoid because they know they have introduced backdoors into products their countries produce. Do you really think the US/UK/AUS has not introduced something into a Cisco product or some other hardware manufacturer in their respective country. Just look at what has come to light with the PRISM program. They already have access to the major software companies what makes people think they havent done some secret FISA order to Dell/Cisco/HP/Apple etc. edit: typo Recent Kennesaw State grad here. Some classmates and I had a few ideas for start ups but didn't have a place to further our knowledge and learn how to get started. This would be great for the Atlanta area I know of other start ups in the area but they usually aren't from college students or recent grads. It would be great to have a place to share ideas with younger people and hack ideas. From the article: “Everyone’s thinking this, but no one’s saying it public, so everyone thinks they’re alone,” he said. “Ninety-eight percent of society has issues with this…But no one speaks up.” While I think some people don't how to speak up, beside calling/writing my congress person, many don't care either way. In fact, many older people I have talked to (I am in my twenties) dont have a problem with what the NSA is doing. They dont really mind if their data is being sifted through as long as its being used to "Find Terrorists or what have you." My problem is the lack of oversight and the fact court that has approved 1,789 out of 1,748 requests (97.7%!!!!). Not only that but they have legal justifications for what they are doing, therefore since its legal its allowed, forget the morals/ethics involved. Who's to say they won't turn this around on the public at large because it will prevent smaller crimes instead of terrorists. Also whats to stop the government from calling people who oppose their views terrorists and then just spy directly at American people. Does anyone else find it odd that he immediately went to the US's biggest rivals. I mean right away he ran to Hong Kong (China) and now he has accepted asylum in Russia. I mean these countries have huge interest in this guy. He knows intimate details about how the USA gathers intelligence. I mean I wonder what kind of info he has given (if any) to these countries. I am sure Putin would love to get a hold of those laptops he took with him. Yes but Latin American countries wouldn't have as much interest in his Intel as the other Russia and China. If he was just seeking asylum Ecuador would have been a much better choice for him. They have already given Assange asylum so I would think that would have been a better first option than HK. Yes but the point is he brought his treasure trove of intel with him. In a sense "Americope" is already a reality. They have already used their power to divert the Bolivian presidents plane and restrict the airspace that Snowden might have used to get out of Europe. When these Snowden leaks first came out I was hoping that Europe would stand up to the US but the fact is that many of the Intel agencies in Europe are either in on the various programs or benefit from them via funding or some sort of data sharing. I never realized that the small beads in hygiene products was actually plastic. How many times have I ingested these over the years and if they are killing fish, what are they doing to my body? I wonder how much pollution these are causing in smaller lakes and rivers? I agree, if industry leaders jumped on the band wagon like they did for SOPA we may have a chance. Some of the big tech companies are already willing to fight back we just need to gain momentum for the cause. Some legislators are with us but I doubt the senate will be on our side. I think that the damage is already too great. They are probably already in all the hubs, exchanges and its not like they will give them back. It's no surprise that they are collecting all the cell data too, whether it be metadata or content. Who knows what kinda stuff they have in the actual hardware beside the repeaters they have on the fiber cables. My question is how do we enact a change. The genaral public (non-tech people) may not fully understand the implications of what they are doing and how much of our data thy are taking. If the large companies are just going to bend over how do we do something? I've meet them too as long as out keeps the terrorists out they're fine with it. Open source software would help especially open source networking software. Just say NSA this or Snowden that. Bootstrap is great but I usually end up having to override a lot and it ends up becoming a pain sometime. Also if the responsive theme isn't set up right it can end up looking like a disaster. Now that we are seeing more and more publicity surrounding this issue and companies are at least attempting to be transparent, how can we spark a fundamental change in the way the Govt sees this issue. The public need to hold these people accountable in some fashion, criminally is probably out of the question. Whether it be by some investigation committee by congress, supreme court intervention, or simply voting the current incumbents out. We need to stop the Govt from just abiding by the letter of the laws and not by going with the Spirit of the law. The Government shouldnt be finding loop holes in their laws or playing games about the meaning of words when the are questioned by officials. What about the view counter on my Geocity site? I would look at it everyday to see if someone happened to stumble on my site.