How about just googling it? "ua 941" what about gopher:// !!!! No discussion of C++ should go without mentioning the C++ FQA (Frequently Questioned Answers). It carefully explains every single thing wrong with the language, and there's a LOT to explain. http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/ Skip to http://yosefk.com/c++fqa/defective.html for a great overview. And if anyone ever mentions "templates" again I'm gonna smack them hard. Considering Nolan has managed to tank a number of startups over his lifetime post-Atari, I'm guessing he has experience from the other end. Anyone still holding uWink stock out there? I'll second that. Qt is a beautiful toolkit. It's just enough C++ to be useful, and avoids all the templates and obnoxious flotsam that makes that language such a horror. Signals and slots work great, and other tools (qmake for example) are a pleasure to use. I just take it as an indication that people in the IT/computer fields just don't have any exposure to this kind of work, and they are curious about it. How many kids graduating with a CS or IT degree today have ever wired up a circuit? Or played with a microprocessor and hooked something up to it? I bet that number is smaller than you think. GPS won't help you enter a URL from a magazine ad. QR is a nice idea, fills a niche, and since you don't need a standalone barcode reader like the CueCat anymore this might have a chance here in the USA. Threading. Which is what Wave is trying to offer. Yeah, some of us are late on this story. Considering a second HN post just above this one (The girl who cried webmaster) refers to the same story, and the original post on that blog was deleted, I have no backstory. Can someone fill us in? I'm in agreement with the article, but I think it's more of a way to leverage a bit more publicity for the Pre. It can go both ways: 1) Apple does nothing and Pre makes it a selling point, or 2) Apple sues them and Palm makes themselves the victim, crying for equal rights for all media devices under iTunes. Palm gets publicity as the underdog, and Apple is the big bad Death Star. At best, Palm capitalizes on the anti-Apple sentiment out there. At worst...the Pre loses syncing? Right, and just like in #2 all the existing Pre users cry all over the internet claiming Apple took away their right to enjoy their music using iTunes. I'm also wondering if enough complaining could grab the attention of the government. Okay, so you won't buy one. But I would, just to websurf sitting on the couch. I want a form factor like a magazine or book, not a 5 pound laptop. That's pretty much correct. WindRiver was gaining a lot of ground recently in the embedded linux area, especially doing baseports of the kernel to new processors. Considering a lot of those new processors are ARM-based and Intel would like some embedded developer love for Atom, it looks like a purely strategic decision. Considering they were part of the Android open handset alliance (I believe they helped with the first kernel on the G1), it'll be interesting to see what happens with future development in that area. Most of the new Android handsets are ARM cores (Google wrote an ARM-optimized libc especially for the system). VxWorks had a reputation of being extremely expensive. Long time back we asked for a quote to use Vx in a casino gaming system. They asked what our annual revenue was before giving us a quote. We decided at that moment to write our own RTOS. I wonder if things like that eventually came back to haunt them as the OS world went open source. I don't recall any paperwork at all circa 1992-1994. You filled out an e-mail form and sent it back to NSF. It was pretty much all automated. Go check out the fine print where AT&T wants $400 from you to break the contract on your existing 3G and buy the 3GS. Yeah, Apple skipped through that part of the presentation REEEAAALLLY fast. Guess they don't want to be the ones to give the bad news. Hmm, didn't fix my iPhone client. Try again! Yeah, I'm not convinced that Google departing this market would lead to it's demise. The void would just fill up with other advertisers chomping at the bit for that cash. That's probably why Google it still doing it. Man, I hope you never wind up in a hospital with your nurse reading that comment. This line really bugged me: "Google may also face some touchy decisions. For example, its YouTube subsidiary uses Flash for its video, but the inclusion of HTML 5 capabilities in browsers might cause YouTube to rethink that decision, notes Fette. "It's a cost/benefit analysis that they'd need to make." I know Yahoo! doesn't like to drink the Google koolaid, but they should have at least paid attention to the fact that Google has been converting the video on YouTube from FLV to H.264 for some time now. They launched it alongside iPhone (no flash player there, remember?) If HTML5 got enough momentum, you'd see the FLV content on YouTube disappear overnight. Very true, and something I realized I didn't mention. But I think that shows Adobe is hedging it's bet on FLV and the ON2 codec. I asked a coworker who went to WWDC about this incident, and it went down nothing like Marco said. Yes, Apple engineers skipped the Q&A, but were all available at the foot of the stage after the presentation to take individual (and off-the-record) questions. After working with Flash Lite for way too long, I gotta agree. I'm still convinced it's all about . All this clamoring for Flash on iPhone, Flash on Android, Flash on GE Ovens etc is all about people getting their video (cough cough PORN) on their handsets. Give them H.264 and a -tag enabled browser, throw in a little JQuery for animating menus and eye candy, and we'll leave Flash in the dust for good. Javascript is the new bytecode. Why not just buy a new one from Unicomp with modern USB ports and etc etc?