I appreciate an entertaining advertisement as much as anyone. On the other hand, the most clever way of shoving a boring product down the consumer's throat in recent years seems to be ads like "HeadOn: Apply Directly To The Forehead" and their online equivalents. There were American bombs being dropped on Germany, but that doesn't mean we have an animosity against Germany today. We were allied with the nationalist Chinese—the ones that lost the civil war and ended up ruling Taiwan. And at any rate, America's most major, most trusted ally in WWII and since has been Great Britain. According to Wikipedia, GTE was independent even during the AT&T monopoly. It wasn't until the Bell Atlantic merger that they changed names to Verizon. "The problem with Apple in the 90s was that they stopped doing this. The Mac had a great run from its debut in 1984 through the end of the ’80s, where both the hardware and software improved every year. Then that stopped." Even that is somewhat misleading. The original Macintosh operating system was designed specifically for singletasking on the original Mac 128k hardware--a design choice that hamstrung Apple for years afterwards, and became the root cause of Apple's need to completely replace their operating system. It's not that Apple gave up on incremental development and started on quixotic missions to the next big thing. It's that the system architecture of the Mac OS was years past its prime and Apple couldn't fix it iteratively anymore. Wikipedia's content policies are a fair deal more strict and paranoid about intellectual property law than the law itself is. Hypothetically, just interviewing the candidate at all should be enough, since a job interview is just an opportunity for the candidate to sell themselves. If they're good at sales, they'll sell themselves and make you want to hire them. Interviewing CS folks is hard in comparison because selling yourself in an interview is a talent that has almost nothing to do with making software. It's like they took a credible micropayment system, but decided to make all the micropayments entirely worthless. If you could cash out accumulated "credits" for real money, or earn "credits" for something more substantial than status updates (who's going to micropay you for a status update?), or even spend micropayments on something that's actually useful, it might be the start of an idea. Buying extra RAM from Apple is for the birds, really. You can buy third party RAM for cheaper and install it yourself, no problem. Fourth biggest: US, USSR, and China were the top three. "At least then we can vote the sons of bitches out if they pull shenanigans." This is a tempting argument that people come to when they describe government-run programs in democratic political systems, but it's ultimately flawed. None of us is very likely to, 2 to 6 years from now, vote against the politician who appointed the bureaucrat who appointed the bureaucrat who pulled shenanigans, based solely on that one, singular issue. It would take an irrational level of monomania and obsession to track down the elected official to hold responsible and vote against him with no consideration of who the opponent is, whether he would do any better of a job, or how the candidates would perform on any of dozens of other issues. All of this, of course, assumes that the district in question isn't gerrymandered to the point where any opposition of the incumbent is futile. Even without gerrymandering, I somehow need to convince half the voting public to vote against the guy for me to get his shenanigans out of my life! Whereas in a free market, if Dell pulls shenanigans you can buy Lenovo next time, and it doesn't really matter what the rest of the voting public thinks about Dell's other product lines or how charismatic Michael Dell is on television, because you don't have to put up with his cheap laptops anymore, regardless of public opinion. Health care is a heavily regulated market, not a free market. It's optimized for the profit of certain large firms. A socialized system might perform better, but a legitimate market system would likely perform better, too. It's not the free market that's failed, it's crony capitalism. Or, put another way, crony capitalism has succeeded in enriching the cronies, but failed at serving the consumer. But, as the article says, their "moderate successes" have failed to be profitable. A startup can get away with not figuring out every monetization angle and focusing on developing cool stuff, as long as they're profitable overall. But once the startup hires a non-technical CEO and IPO's, the CEO's job is supposed to be monetization. Sure, some things can be out there to build public goodwill and brand image, but when you're a publicly-held for-profit, "cool technology" is no longer the benchmark for the CEO's success. The first comment notes that the security risk is in the protective relays. Well, maybe. It also carries an implication that digital relays are in and of themselves a security risk. I intern at a major manufacturer of digital protective relays, so I know how these communicate. (None of this, as far as I'm aware, is trade secret.) The purpose of a protective relay is to detect a line fault (lightning strikes, arc flash, the distribution line is knocked down). Upon detecting a line fault, the relay trips a circuit breaker to protect the rest of the grid from voltage irregularities. Relays are located along major distribution lines, and to find the substation these relays are located in, all you really have to do is find a major distribution line (easy enough from the air) and follow it until you reach a substation. There are maps of the major electrical distribution lines, and they're not difficult to find. The "smart grid" depends upon digital relays, but the grid has been smarter than we've given it credit for because digital relays have been around for 25 years. The power industry is very conservative—electromechanical relays worked for decades—so digital relays were a hard sell in the first place. So certain features were added to them. The first was fault location—a microprocessor-based digital relay, even in 1984, could calculate the location of a fault and store that information upon detection. Digital relays were and remain significantly less expensive than electromechanical relays, so they were originally sold simply as fault locators. (Due to cost, power consumption, testability, and maintainability, digital relays have advantages over electromechanical relays anyway, but these advantages weren't enough to convince power companies 25 years ago. Even now, 60% of North American relays are electromechanical, and 90% of world relays are electromechanical.) Over time, more features were added. One feature, developed largely in response to the New York blackouts a few years ago, is synchrophasors. Synchophasors allow a control station to monitor the voltage angles on distribution lines and maintain better control over them. This is a very, very time-sensitive process, but it also requires relays, synchrophasor processors, and computers loaded with control software to be networked together over large geographical areas. I'm not an EE so I don't have a full appreciation of what this means, but it's important. A typical protective relay from a top-of-the-line manufacturer accepts connections over an RS-232 serial connection, but it also supports TCP and telnet over an ethernet interface. Relays will often be connected to a single communications processor that will allow several relays at once to communicate over large areas. These comprocs, again, support RS-232 serial connections as well as networking. If you can access a comproc, you can access any of the relays, clocks, or other devices connected to it. That means you can cause trips, alter settings, and do all sorts of nasty stuff. Which makes it vitally important that power companies do things like change the default passwords and secure their communication networks—something largely outside the manufacturer's control. It's possible (and encouraged) to implement it securely but in practice it's not always done. Code review meetings with projectors and so forth might be a dying practice (I wouldn't know), but there are tools like Code Collaborator that allow for asynchronous code reviews. CC seems to be widely used. Apparently by "Silicon Valley", the Wall Street Journal means VC's. That has some interesting consequences on music quality. I find that pop music usually sounds good enough at first but upon repeated listens gets very tiresome. Whereas good music may sound rather uninteresting at first pass, but upon repeated listenings, one discovers the depth of the song. Were music enthusiasts in the past more sophisticated listeners? Even more provocatively, has recording technology allowed us to create more sophisticated music? Has that indeed happened? There's no real indication from what I've heard that this has anything to do with the economy. Gun sales spiked as soon as Obama was elected. I think Time is trying to fit this into the overall narrative about the economy when, in reality, they're just six months late on the story. The thought processes of suicidal people don't tend to make sense to me, either. Suicide is often a fairly impulsive thing, and suicidal people can be deterred by even slight inconveniences. That's why things like suicide barriers on bridges work. Guns are a very attractive method of suicide—they're rather instant, painless, easy to use, and so forth. I'm in favor of gun ownership, but suicidal people, deprived of easy methods of suicide, will often reconsider entirely. The moment will pass and they will not kill themselves. Of course, some people decide to kill themselves and remain very determined about the process. Not all suicides are alike. As I said, I'm against gun control too. But I'm also in favor of facts, and the facts seem to indicate that having more guns around just might allow more people to impulsively kill themselves. It would also be nice if tree-structured discussions (like HN) were preserved instead of just hacked apart into series of seemingly unrelated comments. Grouping together HN comments without the tree structure would be far less useful than respecting tree-structured discussions but intermixing trees from different sites. I wonder how much longer it is before the looters discover the angel investors and seed-stage investors. While that's true for consumer goods, one would hope that a power company would know well enough to change the default password. I seem to remember a lot of large institutions and techies kept using Windows 2000 for years after Windows XP came out. IM's are too synchronous if the developer doesn't manage them properly, or if the software makes itself obnoxious enough. Email is a better example of asynchronous communication. No, but indentured servants did enter into contracts to make themselves slaves (for a limited period of time) and that's no longer allowed by law, either. I agree with you that "slavery" was a sloppy argument, but indentured servitude is a better one. Of course. iPhones are a fun platform well suited for a single programmer to spend evenings writing apps for. Nokias are a "serious" platform designed for "real companies" to devote teams of "software engineers" to develop software for.