I think the hacker expectation is that a free open mobile OS would not be tied to a single programming environment and making it easy to port the mass of existing qt code would be useful. Outside the US coupons are not a big business, at least in the countries I know. So I wonder if it will translate as profitably in the rest of the world. I cant imagine anyone switching to Silverlight now, its already dying, as MS have admitted, they only cant kill it before they release HTML5 for WP7 later this year. Regarding this as pruning knowledge is rather exaggerated. First wikipedia deletions are not deletions, they are just hidden from most users but can be viewed or restored. Second this is not primary knowledge it is a very short and incomplete summary of the primary sources. This recipe was published years ago in the book For God, Country and Coca-Cola by Mark Prendergast. He found it in the archives while researching the book. It is not the current recipe, as some changes have been made. Its an excellent book too, with the history of the new coke fiasco and the early years. PhoneGap sees itself as a temporary measure and everything should be a browser capability. They bridge the OS capabilities that are not available now in the browser. Same issues with s3 with sync updates. Might be easier to work around as you have etags but wont work out of the box. I have indirectly heard of someone writing a Javascript client for git using the http transport. It should be doable though a fair amount of work. I don't think discovery and recommendation are worth much. I pay for Spotify for the access, I would not pay for recommendations, which can be built on any addressable technology via social networks anyway. Spotify already have negative margins though so 30% wont work. To stop subscribers copying all the content and then unsubscribing. For services where most of the value is in the back catalogue this is a risk. There have been some attempts to make a line oriented XML format so that shell tools work; doing the same thing with JSON is possible too; there are a few ways to do it. Have been meaning to give it a go at some point. In my view it makes more sense than building a new set of tools, especially as the Jshon ones do not really seem to compose properly. References for XML: http://www.lbreyer.com/unix_xml-1.html http://www.ofb.net/~egnor/xml2/ http://gnosis.cx/publish/programming/xml_matters_17.html Most of the operations do not map any json to json, so you cant pipe them. The whole design principle of the unix command line tools is that they all map lines to lines so anything is composable. So for json I would want a structure match corresponding to grep, filter and map operations, merges etc each of which maps valid json to valid json. LuaTeX looks promising, embedding Lua as a scripting language over the underlying algorithms. The LuaJit FFI includes a C parser so you can pretty much just paste in the header file. http://luajit.org/ext_ffi_tutorial.html - its not complete yet but seems pretty nice. You could do something like that for Ruby. For Lua it is also much faster than using the standard C bindings as the optimizer can see what is going on. Having an FFI like this in a language is a really nice feature. If you are obsessed by creole cooking and have some old books as part of your web content, sure. I cant see them making up more than a small proportion of a great creole cooking site though, you need new content, commentary and so on too. Cook all the recipes in the old books and add pictures and descriptions... If you seriously believe that show the evidence. You have the geocities archive and the wikipedia dumps. I think you will not find thats where wikipedia was sourced from. For a start most of it was written much more recently than that. Yes, as the article points out, if you don't go mad and apply far too much compression like so much recorded music does. Over compression is hideous... I stopped using my G5 because there is no ppc support in v8 and hence node.js. Most of the new JITs dont support ppc. I havent got rid of it yet though and I dont see the point in installing Linux until Apple stop security updates for 10.5 which is some way off... Useful for testing code where endianness matters. Yeah especially as the Atom N550 which has been out for a while has 64 bit support. Any article that calls a cpu a brain has no place on hacker news. Only seems to be 2Gb RAM support too, single channel, non ECC. And Atom is very slow... I dont think its worth using the Ubuntu install its just too old. At the moment easiest to install by hand, and script something for production. Use Linux containers (lxc). Exactly what you need... He doesn't seem to have tried Tsung which is a good solution for this scale of testing. 18-5-2 using two windows, one to see what it would do and then choosing what beats that in the other. The moves drop off the bottom so this strategy gradually loses efficiency, but its enough to beat it... My first computer! Although I started programming on the Acorn Atom just before that. The combination of wobbly RAM pack and thump sensitive keyboard was not a good one. But those were exciting times. I am not sure that it has its place in distributed systems. That sort of tight service coupling was the SOAP model. A REST model will tell you the valid actions at runtime ie the valid moves or actions as URLs, a looser coupling and also safe.