It's apparently more complicated than that. Here's a review by one of her former professors: http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/books/review... Yes, Javac is open source. You can't get any more official than that. http://openjdk.java.net/groups/compiler/ Neat. Is there a class hierarchy browser? I've always thought of humor as a way of gaining trust. A joke that succeeds proves that you share a common understanding about some aspect of life. This is why explaining a joke never works (if you have to explain it, it proves you didn't understand each other), and why it's much easier to get a friend to laugh than a stranger; if someone already knows and trusts you, any little thing will remind them of that trust. It's also why insider jokes are only funny to insiders; they are a way of proving shared knowledge and cannot work without it. It sounds like these researchers showed a special case of this: if you want be the leader in a situation then you need to be able to get people to trust you, so naturally would-be leaders will tell jokes in an attempt to create and reinforce trust. Also, if you're not a leader and you tell a joke then it could be considered a challenge by an insecure leader, so this will be avoided by people who don't want to rock the boat. But to say that jokes are only about aggression is too much. If everyone in the group is comfortable telling jokes then that's a sign that there's a lot of mutual trust. Compartamos in Mexico is a for-profit bank making microloans. There's some controversy about that: http://www.nytimes.com/2008/04/05/business/worldbusiness/05m... A bigger difference is that the donors aren't the customers. A charity has positive cash flow so long as it pleases its donors, who don't necessarily know what's really happening with the people who receive the charity's services. "According to Ithaca Fire Department statistics, Lowe was the fifteenth person to die in Ithaca's gorges since 2000—and the fourth to drown in that particular pool since 1986. When most people think of gorge deaths, they think of the jumpers who have given Cornell an unwanted (and unwarranted) reputation as a suicide hot spot. But Ithaca Police Officer Doug Hoyt estimates that about half of those fifteen deaths were accidents caused by turbulent water, slippery rocks, fallen trees, and a host of other natural features. The local community has mourned each death. But Lowe's passing—coming in the wake of the drowning the previous year of Jeevan Mykoo, a thirty-year-old tourist from Ottawa, and the 2006 death of Navin Parthasarathy, a visiting graduate student from the University of California, Santa Barbara—has spurred a widespread debate about how to deal with the dangers and appeals of one of Cornell's great natural attractions." http://cornellalumnimagazine.com/index.php?option=com_conten... Bugs in things that radiation at people make headlines and people tend to remember them. It's called availability bias. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Availability_heuristic Canada's also turning parts of Alberta into a wasteland. http://www.flickr.com/photos/pembina/sets/72157621954583656/ I'd recommend Partners in Health, which has run a well-regarded hospital in Haiti for decades. More here: http://www.standwithhaiti.org/haiti/news There's no way to answer this question unless you say what the server is supposed to do. Why do you need "low-level control"? How do you plan to deploy the server when you're done? Who will maintain it? This is a repost of an article that's at least a decade old. It has references to jre 1.1.8, green threads versus native threads, and so on. How is that making fun of anyone? It's true, and people who actually take care of retarded children and adults have to come to terms with it. Who's going to take care of them when you can't anymore? The shock comes from finding selfishness in something that isn't selfish at all. How many people would volunteer to take care of retarded children they don't know for even a day? Absolutely! There are lots of one-person projects on Github; I have a few of my own. They already do what I want, but could be expanded to be useful to more people. Anyone who wants to dive in could make a big difference. The tricky bit is that I'm not really looking for one-person open source projects to contribute to, so how would I ever notice them? It seems like there's an opportunity here. There are contracting firms that take a far smaller cut. However, they won't find work for you, so if you don't find it on your own then you won't be paid. A reasonable compromise would be to require providers of alternative medicine to show that it's not harmful . Maybe it doesn't do anything, but that's for others to decide. Those are the standard claims, but drowning the reader in code that consists of lots of tiny, obscurely named functions (most of which you just defined), combined with abstractions based on high-level mathematics, limits your audience to people who would be comfortable reading mathematics papers. That's pretty much the opposite of making it easier to understand something. I like Haskell for the intellectual challenge, but if the aim is to write clear example code that will be understandable to a large audience, you'd be much better off writing it in Python. It's amusing to hear the common myth that the Linux kernel is a huge project. No, a huge project is something like Gentoo or Ubuntu. Try to put all the source code for every package in a Linux distribution into a single Git repository and it (obviously) will fall over, because it would be tough to fit that on one machine. So if you're using Git, the best practice is "don't do that, then." But I work at a large company where all the source code is in a single repostory . Being able to do a partial checkout (your package and its dependencies, on the head branch only) is essential for us and it's not a workflow Git supports at all. I do agree, however, that Git is fast enough for any open source project out there. It's just not scalable to large organizations. For Java I agree, more and shorter methods are better. But then I see Haskell programs with zillions of one-line functions and higher math to do trivial things, and then I can understand where he's coming from. In Ubuntu it wouldn't make sense because they're taking most of the code from upstream anyway and it changes slowly; I was just using it to give a sense of scale. The scenario where a single repository becomes handy is when you want to change a method in a shared library fix all the callers in the same commit, and you can do that because the code isn't public and you know all the callers. (It's much the same reason Linux prefers drivers to be in-tree.) But I'm not sure I entirely want to defend this model; just pointing out that it exists, and the people who like it aren't going to change how the whole company works just to adopt git. He forgets that feeling bad about previous mistakes helps you remember them and improves future decision-making. Someone who could immediately put previous bad choices out of their mind once they've made a decision probably wouldn't learn much. It's understandable that people get tired of repeating themselves, but on the other hand, if you're trying to be a leader and you're not selling your ideas to everyone around you who might listen (and using this as practice to improve your ideas and your sales pitch), you're not doing your job. I may not buy your argument but I'll respect you more for genuinely trying to sell it to me on it than for ignoring me. For phone numbers, this library might help: http://code.google.com/p/libphonenumber/ It seems like isBlank() would mean null or empty or all whitespace? No, you can't install your own C libraries. There's an imaging library built in: http://code.google.com/appengine/docs/python/images/usingima...