Encryption would only stop attackers that are too stupid to grab the encryption key that would be sitting right next to the database. Browser would need to decrypt it, after all, and if browser can so can anyone else. The violation is that adblockers were blocking ads in other 3rd party apps. Manipulating other apps is the violation. This has nothing do with the blocking ads on the web like people are saying. These instead block ads in things like Angry Birds and other apps. > First, Android hasn't solved the updating problem. Sure it has - buy a nexus device, get updates. The rest isn't Google's problem as they aren't Google's devices. > It lacks code-signing Wrong. > Apps have access to a shell. So? The shell they can access can't do anything the app can't. That's like saying apps can run code - no shit, what's your point? > App Permissions, though many people think they help with this problem, actually have nearly no effect whatsoever on the ability to root/jailbreak/privilege escalate on Android. Of course they don't, because those are completely unrelated. iOS's code signing and other stuff hasn't stopped it from getting jailbroken. Complex systems have bugs, who'd have guessed it? Also rooting is an actual feature on some Android phones (such as all Nexus ones) - not an exploit. > Apps can dynamically update their own code at runtime. Yup, and as a result Android users get to enjoy real web browsers, for example. And languages with JITs. > If you wanted to develop a mobile/embedded platform to bring a new generation of users onto the web and into your customer base, you should have spent about 5 minutes figuring out how to do it without opening them up to harm. Android is the way it is because it wasn't believed these design features (aka safety) couldn't be included in the beginning. Wrong. Android is easily the most securely designed OS out there that still allows side loading, period. Not claiming it is the most secure, as there are obviously bugs, but the most securely designed. Desktop OSes are incredibly bad here, and iOS only manages to prevent it by stripping you of all your freedom. Gmail's IMAP supports the IMAP push extensions. I don't know if Apple's Mail app supports them or uses them, but just because it's IMAP doesn't mean it isn't push. Of course they don't deny indirect because that would be a lie. Everyone provides data indirectly via a thing called "warrants". Google publishes how many indirect requests they comply with right here: http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests Kind of like this? http://www.google.com/transparencyreport/userdatarequests If you believe this "PRISM" thing exists at all how the media is painting it, your data isn't safe in ANYONE'S hands. Google has way better lawyers to fight that stuff (and clearly DO fight this stuff - see the National Security Letters thing) than most other cloud companies. Google & Facebook have literally said exactly that. You are just refusing to believe them for some reason. False, national intelligence is still covered by Google's transparency report - see the NSL (National Security Letters) part. Google has been by far unquestionably, undeniably the MOST transparent. They were the ones that started disclosing government requests in the first place. They are the ones currently fighting against National Security Letters as being unconstitutional in the courts. If you can find a more transparent company when it comes to government data requests I would love to know about that company. And no shit Facebook and Google are in damage control mode. They'd be in damage control mode regardless of if they are guilty or innocent, this is a huge PR disaster for both of them and nobody seems to give a shit what the facts are - this went from a few bad power point slides to national panic overnight. Being under a gag order is VERY different from being under a "legal obligation to lie". There is no such thing as a legal obligation to lie. You can be under a legal obligation to not disclose it, or to not talk about it, yes, but to lie about it? No, absolutely not. Maybe these companies have VOLUNTARILY lied, that's possible, but that's also rather unlikely as that would suggest they are friendly with the NSA for some reason. Correcting your mistakes is not shameful or pathetic. Simple, you say "no comment". Companies do this all the time. Of course we can go back to business as usual post-PRISM, because PRISM turned out to be absolutely nothing. It's a mundane, boring data storage & analysis system for data obtained through FISA requests about specific individuals. It's not a data dump from major tech companies, it's not a warrant-less spy program, etc... Here: http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2013/06/08/18850035-intellig... The people up in arms aren't thinking logically, they are thinking emotionally. That's a terrible way to make any sort of decision. > It is a low view of the NSA to think that they do not have the ability to real-time decrypt SSL certs from every major SSL cert authority. For most SSL certs this is probably true, but Google uses perfect forward secrecy which makes this very unlikely if not damn near impossible: http://googleonlinesecurity.blogspot.com/2011/11/protecting-... > I still find these numbers fairly high. If cops need a warrant to get into my home why don't they need one to get into my "facebook home"? The COPS do - they are required to get warrants for data requests and those warrants can't be overly broad. The NSA are not cops, though, and somehow ended up with different rules. > but they mention nothing about the allegation that NSA didn't need to submit these requests. That's because everyone has already denied that claim. If you didn't believe them the first thousand times they said they don't do that, why would you believe them if they said it yet again? What are you looking for? The statements have all been made by those companies, and they all deny that any sort of broad data access by the NSA happens. Either FB|Microsoft|Google|Yahoo|etc... are all lying, or Snowden didn't understand what he leaked. I'm betting the later. > The government has already shown us how they are fully capable of lying, and even worse - forcing companies under their control to lie. The government can, and does, lie. The government can NOT force other companies to lie. Nor is the claim that Facebook & others are under the governments control remotely supported by anything resembling evidence. Pretty sure the NSA isn't that stupid to leave that loophole wide open. Similarly Google probably isn't allowed to disclose the past 6 months even in aggregate since they already published specifics. Most links I encounter on the internet are underlined in addition to colored. Apple has historically changed almost nothing between the developer previews and the public releases. There's no reason to think they will start now. Strong selling point WAS consistency. It clearly isn't now, as iOS 7 is hilariously inconsistent with itself even within a single screen. Scrolling repaints the content (expensive) Changing a translate3d does not repaint the content, it simply translates a GPU texture (damn near free) Sadly desktop browsers haven't caught up to their mobile equivalents yet and still have brain dead scrolling.