I have been using RimuHosting for my own projects and for customers for test deployments for years - so far I have had good experiences with them. They did complain once that I was using too much CPU, but I checked, and found problems (my fault) with a Merb deployment). Use the Apache Benchmark "ab" program, and measure the number of requests per second for your application. It is number of requests per second that should interest you. If you do not have ab installed, try: sudo apt-get install apache2-utils then: man ab I would try to build something like clusty.com, except I would try to identify themes in user search requests and track these for each user over time, using click throughs per user to keep search results on theme. I can't agree with him about organic food health benefits. When you eat industrially raised food (oil based fertilizer) you get a smaller spectrum of minerals, etc. And, as my young grandson once said: "why would anyone want to eat food with bug spray on it?" That said, it is a matter of free choice - my wife and I gladly pay slightly higher prices for locally grown organic food. If not organic, we then at least favor locally grown food. SOAP is so 20th century :-) Seriously, a long time ago I implemented SOAP for a commercial J2EE product, and used SOAP, but I don't use it anymore. Good riddance - REST style is easier to support and use. I just wrote a book for APress on Web 3.0, and my pitch was that it is more about publishing and reusing data. That is good! I like the bit about unselfish writing. I tr to do that but can't always pull it off. A subjective rant: I tried to get into Python about 5 years ago - worked through 'Dive Into Python' and used it for several projects. Once I tried Ruby for a few projects, I never looked back: I now only use Python when I need a library that is only available for Python. So, try both for a few small projects and take your pick. BTW, I think that being proficient in just one scripting language is enough. I split my work time between Ruby, Common Lisp, and Java - perhaps not an optimum choice, but flexible enough for most problems that I need to solve. AppEngine is pretty much awesome when you want to reduce web portal hosting costs. I am rewriting/augmenting a Rails web app in JRuby + Sinatra + DataMapper so it will run well on either Java AppEngine or one of my own servers using (C)Ruby. If my project gets a lot of users I would like to keep my costs down. (I usually deploy to Amazon AWS, but if you can live within the AppEngine restrictions, then AppEngine is even cheaper than Amazon.) The ability of receiving email sounds good, but I usually only use this for new account verification - with AppEngine you can just use Google accounts. I tried to convince one customer to use Heroku, and we did for a while, but they ended up paying big $$ to RackSpace. Considering increased admin/engineering time, I have little doubt that they would have been better off paying $500/month to Heroku, rather than RackSpace. Another customer wanted to use Heroku, but we ended up building our own system using multiple EC2s - again, long term the hosting costs will be much less, but the admin/engineering costs especially during development were a large expense. For my own web portal project? I am using AppEngine (code in JRuby+datamapper+Sinara, but I am considering a rewrite in Java because of the superior tool support). I have a small Myers Parrot - he is most of the time pretty cool, although he occasionally de-evolves into a miniature raptor. I usually work out of my home office, and he is usually happy enough sitting on my shoulder while I work. Parrots are not low maintenance though, requiring lots of attention. I took yesterday afternoon off work and my wife and I took my parrot to a local park (Sedona Red Rock Crossing - google it, then click images, you will be glad you did :-) Anyway, my bird was so happy getting a ride in the car (he loves the car) and a few hours in the park, that he will be a "good boy" for a day or two. The point of this little story is: parrots are good pets if you give them lots of attention and don't let them get too bored (they are reasonably intelligent). Use ice and ibuprofen to reduce swelling - once swelling is reduced, things get better. (At least this was my experience.) Bing is not so awful. Actually, I like Bing better than I thought I would; for one thing, the background pictures :-) Also Microsoft is very generous with providing free REST style search and spelling APIs (it took about 2 minutes to write a Ruby client, which I posted here http://markwatson.com/blog/2009/06/ruby-client-for-search-an... ) I am pretty much "anti Microsoft", but I try to not be dogmatic about it :-) I used C++ when I worked on game AI and a few Nintendo U64 games, also for some virtual reality stuff for Disney and SAIC. Right choice for the games, in retrospect probably not for VR. C++ is fine when you need high performance and can live with more expensive development. I wrote this - a little out of date, but hopefully a good and short introduction. What was fun about writing this book was that many Lisp heavy hitters helped out with ideas and corrections. BTW, I am working on another Lisp book, specific to Franz AllegroGraph (RDF, SPARQL, etc.) I plan on releasing a free PDF, with a print book also available. Very cool explanation :-) I have several little writing projects that I distribute, but I chose the Creative Commons 'no commercial use, no derivatives' license because that was what I felt good with. People who create stuff have the right to choose the license. I just had an Apress book published, and the contract gives APress the distribution rights - fine with me since they effectively paid me to write the book: their advances allowed me to have a really good time and spend most of my time writing for 4 months. (I enjoy consulting, but writing is even more fun.) Thanks! You may be over generalizing. I think that it depends a lot on the client. For clients who often try to get more work for their money, I agree. Good clients will offer a little more money for small change orders. And, all that said, this is why I most enjoy working on a time and materials basis. Hello dwiel, I did something sort-of like this about 12 years ago. My wife and I sold our house in San Diego and moved to the mountains in Central Arizona. Definitely lower cost of living. We bought a small, very well insulated house, and except for travel (for fun) and health insurance, our living expenses are very low. We find our fun in hanging with friends, cooking, hiking, etc. Living away from large cities == great life style. Highly recommended. I have to admit that I find more value in just using RDF and RDFS, along with simple to install and admin RDF data stores like Sesame, and perhaps Redland (nice, but does not fully support RDFS inferencing). Something that works for me is always keeping Sesame running (and OpenCyc, but mostly for learning/experimenting - I have never done anything practical with OpenCyc, after years of playing with it) on a server on my LAN at home. If you always have a RDF data store available, then it is easier to use it as an alternative to a relational database, if that is appropriate for a project. Anyway, I like "semantic web 'light'" :-) I spent 2 ours this morning playing with RDS - not really a waste of time since I deploy most of my customer's projects to EC2, etc. Sort-of kicking the tires. Anyway, it is easy to use, and not having to deal yourself with failure recover, managing a EBS volume if you run MySQL yourself, etc. makes it look like a good service once it comes out of beta. A few things: right now, you can't pay a reservation fee to get the really cheap EC2 rates. (Basically RDS is a managed-for-your EC2+EBS.) Also, it would be great if they also support PostgreSQL. I don't really agree with you unless you work for a very large company that has an economy of scale. Think you can compete with AppEngine for cost per computation/bandwidth/storage? Developing for AppEngine is a bit restrictive, and Amazon provides much more flexibility for not too much more money for computation/bandwidth/storage. Also, Amazon associated services like S3 and SimpleDB really are inexpensive for what you get. I used to base my consulting business on deploying customer aps to VPSs or cheap servers. I think that Amazon and Google AppEngine are the future. Well, I think this white paper goes a little overboard, but I might point some customers and potential customers to this PDF anyway. I love Ruby as a language (I have gone from roughly 50% Common Lisp, 50% Java to using Ruby for about 1/2 my projects - all in a 3 year time period). Just a matter of letting go of the desire for great runtime performance :-) My older brother taught me to play when I was 8 years old (a long time ago!) - now I can give him a 9 stone handicap :-) Once, in the late 70s, I got to play the womens world champion when she was in San Diego - awesome experience. Go is a beautiful game, but not for everyone. This looks good, but I have not tried installing and running it. Something similar I have spend some time playing with (no real projects with it yet, though): gem install cassandra cassandra_helper cassandra This installs all of the Java libs required to run Cassandra and provides a nice Ruby client.