I presume they aren't interested in anything that AMD is selling right now, but rather Llano, AMDs APU (CPU and graphics on the same die) which has had test silicon going out to partners recently. If there are only 100 widget and there is a price such that there are exactly 100 people willing to pay the price for a widget, not only is it ok to charge that price but its probably the _socially optimal_ price for the widget since it will be the people who want the widget most who will get it, rather than the widget being distributed randomly. So the markup isn't something insane, but rather what the manufacturer should have been charging in the first place. The only bad part about reselling is that the manufacturer doesn't capture the extra sale price and invest it in making more widgets, so everyone can be happy. I found it really odd how much the MC scores increased relative to the Xeon in the one Linux benchmark they ran. Maybe there's something about the that Windows handles NUMA that doesn't agree with AMD's system? No, the critical difference is that as things currently stand none of the people involved in the drug trade have any reason to cooperate with the authorities. And really, once alcohol was legalized look at how quickly the mob violence around it disappeared. I seem to recall hearing that when alcohol was legalized the number of people drinking roughly doubled and the number of alcoholics went up by around 15% (there seems to be a correlation between substance abuse and willingness to break the law, surprise surprise). Whats that economics law that says something like "Once pressure is put upon an observed regularity in the markets for control purposes it tends to disappear"? When buyers only cared about the truth of a rating they had a pretty good reason to want the ratings to be as accurate as possible (counteracting the seller's incentives). But as soon as reserve requirements are dependent on how what the credit rating says suddenly both the buyer and the seller have an incentive for things to be rated as highly as possible. If I might ask, what windowing systems do you have experience with? While its true that desktop Linux has been lagging behind in a lot of areas it seems that a lot of innovation in window managers is happening there. Having multiple workspaces each with its own reasonably sized set of windows really eliminates the need for expose for me. Well, thats how it is at work where I use a default GNOME workspace. One the laptop I'm using right now I'm running a window manager called Awesome (its a silly name, I'll agree) that actually assigns one or more tags to each window and displays a set of tags to the main screen at once. Mostly I just have one tag per window and display one tag at a time and it ends up working like multiple workspaces, but sometimes I'm working on something where I want to toggle another window in and out repeatedly. Since Awesome has a tiling as well as a stacking mode, when I toggle the new window in all the other window rearrange themselves to accommodate it And using a tiling window manager makes it easy to do everything with the keyboard instead of having to use a mouse though you can use your mouse too if you really want to. Thanks to that and vimium I'm not sure I've had to touch my mouse yet today. Yeah, according to people around MIT talking on zephyr we get our water from Fresh Pond. Yeah, though people have made better user interfaces for it. The particular space between Twitter and IM that it sits in doesn't seem to have been colonized by anything better yet. EDIT: Though I'm sure there are people here who'd be happy to try :) You should be able to find the MIT opencourseware lectures for 6.004 (the introductory computer course) online somewhere. The idea, I think, isn't that this grey goo would get energy from dirt and rock and literally consume the Earth. Rather, it would use dirt and rock plus solar energy to grow and if its efficient enough out compete existing plants. The other bad possibility is that some nanite comes along that can digest typical organic matter but that can't be digested in turn. Then it proceeds to much on the biosphere while leaving the rest of the planet alone and just eat all the organic life (that hasn't hermetically sealed itself away). Either of these scenarios would, of course, be Bad Things. I'm not sure either is actually credible, but I'm not aware of any reason to declare them impossible. That's what I've been using for all my IMing for the last Month or so and I'm loving it. If only it worked as well for web browing... EDIT: Actually, how hard _would_ it be to make screen work with x-forwarding? This is unfortunately outside the area of my EEly expertise. Apparently Glen Beck mentioned it. Via Marginal Revolution, http://hayekcenter.org/?p=2719 I'm not sure about Dalvik on a chip, but ThumbEE is there in ARM A8s just for accelerating virtual machines. And I know at least two people using linux on their T510 laptops so I can tell you that that works. Actually people tend to really overestimate how important trenches were to the stalemate. Sure, it took a lot of effort to break through a trench line but both sides were perfectly capable of doing it when they could devote enough resources. The problem was that railroads meant that the mobility of the defenders was always much greater than the mobility of the attackers and telegraphs meant that the abilty of the defenders to coordinate was much greater than the ability of the attackers to coordinate. The internal combustion engine and radio changed this when WWII rolled around. There were also very many places where things could have turned out differently. For instance, if the Germans had stuck to the original Schlieffen plan and managed to outflank the allies they might very well have captured Paris right at the start. The post is from the forums attached to the realworldtech website. Even worse, accepting a password with special characters in the "Change Password" screen but having it not work when you try to log on with it. Evolution is just a way of explaining how someone came to be, not how they work. Being a good materialist I do think that people are reducible, but we certainly haven't been able to figure all of the steps out yet. If BMW was the only car brand out there, then yes the emergence of the Corolla would actually represent new competition. Don't the existence of thing like the Gödel sentence show that there are things that are true but which humans can't prove, contradicting the claim that this is an important distinction between humans and computers? I was annoyed at how the article just blithely asserted that wavefunctions collapse, as if that wasn't a matter of ongoing debate. In fact, Penrose is remarkable among big name physicists for being sure that wavefrom collapse occurs. http://www.hedweb.com/manworld.htm#believes "People must choose, when a computer need not choose." Perhaps I'm not understanding something, but that seems to be obviously false. A human always has the option of being unsure in the face of non-computable statements like "You can't know that this sentence is true" or such. Ok, I'll confess that I'm not sure what you're talking about when you mention second order systems. However, Godel's incompleteness theorems (plural) were a lot more general than you're suggesting. First Theorem: "Any effectively generated theory capable of expressing elementary arithmetic cannot be both consistent and complete. In particular, for any consistent, effectively generated formal theory that proves certain basic arithmetic truths, there is an arithmetical statement that is true, but not provable in the theory." Second Theorem: "For any formal effectively generated theory T including basic arithmetical truths and also certain truths about formal provability, T includes a statement of its own consistency if and only if T is inconsistent." It wasn't that Godel proved that Peano arithmetic was incomplete that shocked mathematicians, it was that he showed that _no formal system_ could ever be complete as long as remained consistent. Of course maybe this second order system isn't consistent, in which case there's no problem. After all, I'm fairly convinced that human reason isn't always perfectly consistent, so it makes sense that we can avoid Godel's theorems. Of course, I see no reason we couldn't make a slightly inconsistent computer either. There are several obvious explanations like that we evolved conciousness in order to be able to explain ourselves to other humans. But I thought Chalmers believe that the physical world was "causally closed" and that therefore a purely material feedback process like evolution couldn't select for qualia?