Webkit is LGPL, Chrome is based on Webkit, and the entire OS is built around Chrome. It's also speculated that their "new window system" is built on DirectFB which is LGPL. It makes a nice story, but I think a black triangle moment is something programmers should strive to avoid. Progress should be incremental and visible as much as possible and the system as a whole should always be in a working and testable state. Working on something for weeks before getting it into a testable state is a surefire recipe for an over-designed system with superfluous features and long debugging sessions. Turns out software isn't like buildings. Buildings can't be refactored during construction, nor do their requirements change halfway through. Developing software incrementally requires diligence in refactoring to keep the code clean, but development goes faster despite the "extra" refactoring time and the end product is better for it. Every week you can't show visible progress to a customer is a week your code drifts farther from their actual desires. The feedback loop is essential to writing good software. It may be difficult to achieve at times but it should always be our goal. Just look where the money is: they didn't list stats for ad clicks but I'm willing to bet IE6 users click more than their share of ads, and Firefox users less. In your example there are ways to do development incrementally. You could generate some files that only use a tiny subset of the features of Parasolid, in only one version. Once you have that working you can add feature and version support incrementally guided by your customer's priorities, which they might not even be aware of themselves but can easily be found by testing your code on a sampling of their most important files. Your incremental progress is loading of files with progressively more features, closer to your customer's files. It might turn out that you can avoid implementing every version and feature of the format, and it's much easier, faster, and more accurate to figure this out by testing working code than trying to write a spec ahead of time. I prefer the analogy posted by norkakn on reddit: http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/90tge/hey_rprog... L1 - There is a sandwich in front of you. L2 - Walk to the kitchen and make a sandwich RAM - Drive to the store, purchase sandwich fixings, drive home and make sandwich HD - Drive to the store. Purchase seeds. Grow seeds..... .... ... Harvest lettuce, wheat, etc. Make sandwich. One better: OpenGL in Firefox via Canvas: http://blog.vlad1.com/2007/11/26/canvas-3d-gl-power-web-styl... I'd argue that most simple UI animations are in fact presentational, not behavioral. One of the nice things about defining animations declaratively in CSS instead of procedurally in Javascript is that browsers will have control over the implementation. Your browser could easily have a "no animations" mode, or selectively disable certain animation types. Browsers can implement animations much more efficiently if they don't have to call Javascript every frame, and they can also separate animation from whatever else the page is doing; animations could be slowed or stopped in background tabs or low-battery situations while the page's Javascript continues running. Everyone is focused on this removal of the null check by the compiler, but to me that's a red herring. The real bug is the fact that SELinux allows you to map memory to address 0! Fix that and this is much less serious. GCC's code isn't incorrect. As per the C standard, after you've dereferenced a NULL pointer then all behavior is undefined. If GCC emitted code that launched ICBMs after a NULL pointer dereference, that wouldn't violate the spec either. The real WTF here is that people are still building "secure" software in a language where programmer mistakes cause undefined behavior... I'll grant you that OWA does work in Opera (and other non-IE browsers) but it really sucks compared to the IE version. Perhaps you've never tried it in IE; if so then you don't know what you're missing. Thankfully, Exchange 2010 will finally bring full OWA support to non-IE browsers. http://www.robichaux.net/blog/2009/04/exchange-2010-owa.php I've always thought a YouTube jukebox would be a good idea. If this gets popular, though, there's no question it will be shut down, if not by the RIAA then by YouTube itself. My feedback: needs more AJAX. Clicking items in the interface like "friends" or "music" shouldn't reload the page and stop the playing song. Also, get rid of modal dialogs. (For example, when adding a song or playlist, give it a default name instead of asking for a name in a modal dialog.) Also, don't ask for my real name up front; wait until later. You should budget for your free service under the assumption that people will create multiple accounts. Then you should allow merging multiple free accounts into one paid account to provide a tempting upgrade path for multiple-account people, who after all are among your most dedicated users. If you can detect multiple-account people then you can advertise the account-combining feature to them directly. I guess you and I have different conceptions of what's "perfectly sufficient". My guess is that GCC's dead code warning is produced in a pass that runs before the optimizer and isn't smart enough to prove the code is dead. A "radical" new router? Perhaps a more apropos 80s adjective would be "tubular"? edit: OK, HN doesn't like puns? Good to know. I don't think it takes any faith to say that a sufficiently precise simulation of the physical characteristics of the brain would produce output similar to that of a real brain. To the contrary; saying otherwise would require faith in new physics (some sort of "spiritual energy"?) that we have no evidence for at this time. 30M synapses * 2^28 ~= 10P synapses That's 56 years of Moore's law. I think you're right that they'll have to do something other than scale up. Luckily there's room for tons of optimization, especially if your goal is an AI instead of a medically accurate simulation of the brain. Simulations like Blue Brain will reveal the key features of neurons as they relate to computations performed by the brain. That will allow us to drastically simplify future brain models without losing accuracy, possibly even wiring them directly into hardware. I think it's plausible that this approach could yield a humanlike AI within 20-30 years. The technology to end humanity is already here (nuclear and soon biological weapons). In the long run superhuman AI may be the only thing that can prevent us from destroying ourselves. Even if it were desirable, stopping the advance of technology is impractical. If superhuman AI is possible, it will be built. A more practical argument would be that superhuman AI should be strictly controlled, though advancing technology will eventually make that difficult too. The only solution in the long (really long) term is for us to become superhuman ourselves and attempt to preserve the things we find important in the transition. What's broken is the C preprocess/compile/link process. C needs to get a modern module system and ditch the antiquated preprocessor and linker. It is possible to do strace-like stuff on Windows too as evidenced by Process Monitor. http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896645.asp... If scanning atimes is too slow or unreliable, perhaps fabricate could be updated to use procmon? I doubt you could make the border smaller than a pixel; pixels are tiny these days. Having worked with display walls in the past, even a 1-pixel border between displays is really distracting, to the point where I'd rather just use the 2 displays separately as in a normal dual-head setup. If you really need a borderless display the way to do it is with a projector. You can seamlessly combine projectors to create a display as big as you want. Normally the projected images are overlapped a few pixels on each side and blended together to cover up alignment issues. I'm certain this is how they make that enormous display that towers behind Steve Jobs during his keynotes at Moscone Center. If you're interested in joining the displays from multiple computers together, check out http://code.google.com/p/synergy-plus/ . It's like VNC in reverse. Also, X Windows theoretically allows moving running application windows from one device to another but I don't think any implementations really support it. Basically, if this thing is for real, it's the most important invention since the transistor. It completely replaces batteries in every application with better performance in almost every dimension at lower size, weight, and cost. It's quite likely that the EEStor guys are fraudsters or crackpots, but it's fun just to think about the possibilities such a device would unlock. Cheap electric cars! Phones that charge in 10 seconds! Rechargeable batteries that never need replacing! The American cultural thing you're missing is that it's now considered gauche to brag about how you don't watch TV, even if it's true. For a while not owning a TV was fashionable; now there's a stereotype of "goody-two-shoes" people who go out of their way to avoid watching TV and brag about it repeatedly to anyone who will listen.