It seems there are two things going on here. 1. Upset that people are now reacting negatively to this change as opposed to voicing criticism earlier 2. Being upset that criticism exists (2) is the sort of problem I can't help with except to say maybe grow a thicker skin or be a bit more aware of what it was you signed up for, but in regards to (1) - It's important to note that the people heavily invested in your project (enough to follow every new issue on Github and respond to them and have opinions) will be very different from your mainstream users. There is no shortage of people who heavily use a project and yet probably don't follow them in any way. So it's important to note that using that source of feedback likely subjects us to bias. Should I, in making a critical statement, be denied because someone else (or maybe several other someone elses) already have? It seems a bit odd that if I'm a critic that my ability to exercise my freedom there is constrained by whether other people have. They probably get a bonk on the head and checked for a concussion. Better then being hit by a delivery truck I suppose. There's a huge difference in quality between a $200 smartphone and a $6,000 high end DSLR camera. This is concerning. While TLS interception may be desirable by some, this is a dangerous precedent and I hope the de facto standard for all software will be to block and disallow this kind of behavior, and warn when it's been enabled ("This connection is not fully secure"). Agile is a very loaded word. One meaning of Agile is a very specific kind of process, the other meaning and perhaps closer to the original manifesto is what you're describing with the "non-agile" team. Certainly their job isn't to illegally deny him his right to representation or confiscate without returning his headphones? The CC conference is hardly some blackhat meetup. Likewise, Romania is by no means our enemy. So a guy, who has followed the law entirely, coming from a friendly country from a well known meeting, should be denied his basic legal rights and have his equipment confiscated... why exactly? What law did he break? How did TSA (or what you actually mean in this case, the CBP) "save us" from this gentleman? I've been on the opposite side of this. My own experience was that the person suffered from a mix of being a slow typer, and also didn't assemble ideas well before communicating them. For me at least, this was bad enough that I had to write as the person talked and rephrase their words back to them to make sure I had turned it into what they meant. A DM in a chat is precisely the place for those kind of convos (especially the "Well what about X, Y Z.. wait, nevermind, I figured it out" kind of comments which I'm especially guilty of). Just spend some time getting your thoughts distilled down before you start typing. If all websites fall into one of two categories: fast or slow, and you penalize one, it's the same as helping the other and vice versa. I mean, really, that's most of AMP: a restriction on a bunch of elements that may slow things down and a bit of special mark up so things can be further accelerated. If most websites actually did load quickly, then I don't think AMP would have a reason to exist. But if most websites can't manage to slim down their bloat, then one potential answer may be to take away some of their toys (and I'm not saying it's the right answer, just a large part of AMP). Imagine someone unable to read - they lose access to an important source of information. Lacking basic computer literacy is similar - they lose access to news, modern encyclopedias, research, political announcements, etc. Those resources are critical to being an educated citizen and being able to participate in the democratic process meaningfully. An educated driver may not be able to explain in technical detail how an engine works, but they can explain the basic rules of the road and understand that a car needs oil, gas and basic maintenance. They likely have a basic understanding of what a modern combustion engine is (it takes in oil and gas to produce rotational energy) and understand that emission standards exist and that they have to follow them to some extent (they can't dump oil in their backyard). Google Home is starting to get there, especially in the games where the total set of commands and responses is much lower. It definitely has room to grow, but it'll get there given time. VR was terrible in the 90s, now it's breathtaking. Computer science != learning to code There's a danger in mixing technical spec information (a phone number can contain non-numeric characters) and non-technical spec information (women...). Some falsehoods are provably correct/incorrect, statements about people don't fit into that mold. I switched over a large group of friends from using a gazillion hangouts to slack and it's mostly been an improvement. That being said, there's a lot less of us: around 30. I'm definitely disappointed to hear about this. The pricing model sucks for us as well since it means $60 a head to add someone to the friend group if we wanted to pay for slack. If we could pay a fixed price and get a slightly better message history and more integrations, I'd gladly pay it, but per-head is just ridiculous. We also use Discord for online gaming since it's easier to invite people outside the group. It's been absolutely fantastic, but we had issues with some people not having access at work. Yeah, it's "gaming" related. Which to be fair, is why we use it... They clearly indicate otherwise. Slack is certainly meant as a productivity tool, but they make several claims: + For all kinds of "Work" + For teams of all types and sizes + Bringing people together to make them productive Compare that to the messaging for say Hipchat: + "Team chat built for business" + Enterprise features + Loved by your IT team (Edit - Formatting) This reads like a general lament about the world at large declining. That doesn't terribly surprise me. More/larger products, more opportunity to miss bugs or not be agile enough to work on them. Emails seem to be going out. I got one a while ago. I suspect this was an initial response geared towards the general audience and a more specific technical response will be forthcoming. They do rob sites of the ability to load 14 fonts, 2Mb of javascript and a gazillion images before letting me read the two paragraphs I want. Just like they also rob you of forcing me to take a survey first, or hounding me for my email, or otherwise preventing me from doing the single thing I want to do (read your content). Your site should be sticky because you have good content, not because you've tricked me into clicking more links. In general, users do make their choice. Product designers counter by making it more difficult to leave or get content. I'm a firmly bitter user who has stopped frequenting a lot of websites because they don't load well or don't give me what I consider to be an acceptable value prop (I'll happily turn off my adblocker if your ads are well behaved, I won't take a survey to read a one paragraph article). But most users, and especially most non-technical users, aren't willing to take that same stance despite being very frustrated. It seems to vary between "well that's just how the internet is" to "I don't know any other sources". Having google prioritize non-terrible sources is a big boon to those non-technical users in my eyes, cemented firmly when I watch my mom or other older family members try to search the internet. 1. Lots of users care. Watch any senior citizen on a mediocre PC surf the internet for twenty minutes. 2. Google did and still does. Load times were still unacceptable across the board, usually not because they had to be but often times because the people running the websites don't care enough to. Same as for HTTPS. 3. AMP is a more drastic reaction. It appears to be working. That being said, I would like to see AMP become enacted only on sites that do actually take a long while to load. At the same time, AMP is still opt in. This isn't forced altruism, but you can play nicely or be lowered in rankings in response. -- edited for formatting It's funny because I'm the exact opposite. I have to have paper books for my pleasure reading, but most of my technical or higher brow books I keep digital since it's massively cheaper and easier to search/bookmark/leave notes/etc. :( -- clarification Technically all it means, if the error is as advertised, is that the uefi bootscript failed to match. Now, it could be as simple as that UEFI was customized by a vendor. Or it could be something less innocent.