This is fantastic, great job! Two years of OS updates and three years of security updates. The devices that google had and weren't using Qualcomm CPU got updates for a lot longer (e.g Nexus Player). It gets very, very annoying for Google to try to support phones that use CPUs that don't update or release anything anymore. Please explain. > consumers would dump those ISPs in favor of others. Competition does not exist in the US for ISPs. > Some Companies Take Up More Bandwidth Than Others. They pay for that bandwidth and we pay for the connection. Asking companies to pay more so they're not artificially throttled does not make sense in the actual world of the internet. > The Government Still Allows Discrimination In Traffic. Saying because there is vague language in NN we need to get rid of it entirely does not make any sense what so ever. You don't demolish a building because the window is broken. > Barriers to Entry Are Created NN removes barriers to entry for many startups that simply can't pay the "troll bridge" of the ISPs. > Technological Stagnation These ISPs that are for the removal of NN were given billions of dollars in tax breaks to make the internet better in the US. NN has nothing to do with development of the internet, and using Europe as an example is pretty stupid. Europe has NN, they also have heavy governmental regulation in terms of the last mile. Saying NN is bad because it doesn't solve that problem is like saying oranges are bad because they can't power your car. It's a totally different matter. > Internet Taxes Could Happen If these taxes are used to deploy more public owned fiber lines, I'm all for it. > Content Restrictions From The Government NN has nothing to do with this. Can't you export your contacts? Most of them come with the email too. I've used firebase before, the default settings have proper read and write settings per user. So are you implying monetization make you all the adjectives you stated? Does someone have a nice guide to do full disk encryption, and other recommendations so that we can at least be a little certain our data isn't being tampered with? The problem is the deep integration between iCloud and Apple devices. Lots of stuff can't be just backed up to a different cloud provider/do locally. You need to document it better. Right now this just looks like a side project that is forgotten. Nothing against you, but good documentation is necessary for acknowledgement and adoption. They'd need to move their servers to google cloud platform. And then they'd still be blockable if Russia decides to block Google entirely. In that case it is definitely possible for them to circumvent the ban. If that happens, Russia would have no way of blocking the app other than DNS blocking which can be simply mitigated against as well. See this is the issue. When looking at the support of terrorist organizations, you need to look at it from both sides. America and NATO have waged wars in basically every neighbour of Iran except a few. They've been directly helping Saudi Arabia with selling them a crazy amount of weapons. Saudi Arabia is a state that has many times threatened Iran. All these support for different factions are a geopolitical game. Criticizing Iran for playing the game doesn't make sense as the second they stop their statehood is threatened. I just would like to add that I hope they stop, but I know why they don't. Now about the nuclear weapons. This is simply not the case anymore. Let's tackle what you said about that one by one. - Iran is developing nuclear weapons. - No they aren't. The agreement they made with 5+1 clearly puts Iran under a magnifying glass of scrutiny. The EU and the white house have said countless times that Iran is keeping their side of the deal up. - Threatening Israel. - This is true, however, Israel is the only country that hasn't signed the NPT. Yes they can technically make nuclear weapons now since they haven't committed to not making it, but at the same time saying Iran threatens them is an understatement. There have been dozens of Israeli officials that have threatened Iran with war. AIPAC has been seriously lobbying in the US to go to war with Iran. So it's not one sided, it's not like Israel is this shining rainbow and Iran is the evil fire nation. Let's stop looking at stuff in black and white. They added two more caffeinated varieties. The collusion investigation and Muller's potentially damaging report? Why? Gender is a spectrum and you can fall anywhere on this spectrum. It is also not biological, it can change anytime and multiple times. As dragonwriter put it earlier, your claim relies on two fundamental assumptions that are plain incorrect. You didn't make an argument. Your "transpose" is literally called a strawman argument. How is this Microsoft's fault? If drivers are getting no updates, how should the OS help? What do you define as a mental disorder? Anything that differs from the norm? How do you define the norm? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gender_identity Even if it is, as you put it, a mental disorder, let's not use that as an excuse to dismiss it, alright? >> Lol Is that your response to this? "Lol"? Nice way to have a discourse. Looks like you've made up your mind and are dismissing anything that is different with your opinion. >> which claim? The claim that this creates abuse potential. >> [citation required] What do I need to give you citation on? That same-sex abuse can happen? Or that sexual preferences are by default hetrosexual? Pretty sure both of those are a non-question. > Can I claim to be a female today and use girls' shower? Yes, if you absolutely believe you are a female then yes. I don't believe you using a girl's shower means you're abusive. I don't think I have the right to take away your freedom to be who you want. > Seriously? Feminists demonize men for inappropriate looks, but you think that shared locker rooms are not a problem? Do you not think this is a blanket statement? Who do you see as the manifestation of feminists? Feminism is a vast movement. Judging an entire group because of a vocal minority is kinda like saying muslims are terrorists because of 9/11, London, etc (this isn't my argument, but I'm just saying how absurd it sounds to make a blanket statement against an entire group) Its DNS. How do you propose they have access to the data? Sure they are. However, all dns servers are going to have this issue. Even most selfhosted ones, like a self hosted pihole use Google DNS as its backend. The data is far less valuable than your original claim of "Why would someone route their traffic through your servers" which sounds like a VPN/Proxy. AES-GCM is great tbh. Authenticated encryption built into one. You're literally active on his website :P