Agreed. Totally open office sounds like a disaster. I'm on a team of about 10 people, mostly developers, with a few QA specialists mixed. 3 are remote. At my office, we have normal cubes on the first floor. But, we spend 90% of our work hours in a "lab" on the second floor. The lab has one central conference table, so we're all facing each other. So, if we need quiet time to talk on the phone or concentrate, we go downstairs. But, the default for most of the developers is upstairs. Our analyst splits about 50/50. I really like this arrangement. I find I'm LESS distracted when I'm working in a group, even it we're just sitting around the table and not actually talking or pair programming. Of course, we can also work from home should the need arise. Overall, my employer is pretty flexible about all of this. Correct. PG County is only "low income" relative to its neighbors. If memory serves, it's the wealthiest majority minority county in the nation. Keurig machine in the kitchen here. I'm sure it offends the coffee-snobs, but it works for me (I drink tea, not coffee, so just use it for hot water). "My feeling is that consumers are so used to weird domains at this point that nobody really cares about particular domains..." I'd love to see some research indicating this is true. While I certainly am used to "weird domains", I still often default to .com when trying to find things. If I want to look at Ford's current line-up, my first instinct would be to try ford.com. Of course, that fails spectacularly when searching for Nissan cars. But will Israeli security practices scale? Ben Gurion served a bit over 13 million passengers in 2012. JFK served over 47 million. Sure, but it's located below the donation section, which still claims to be ad free. And the site itself is JAMMED with affiliate links disguised as pretty pictures. She can justify it however she wants, but at the end of the day, she's misleading readers (IMO). I'm pretty sure he's saying the guy/gal working from home with 4 kids running around can't be a productive employee. Which is probably true for most cases. Kids can be a giant distraction. "People said the same thing about the huge, bulky cell phones that came out in the 1980s." And, I can count the number of people I knew with those early, bulky cell phones on my fingers and toes. It wasn't until the smaller, cheaper cell phones of the 90s that everybody had one. Will Google Glass lead to something useful? Perhaps. But, will it be a game-changer today? I doubt it. And he's correct about speech interfaces. So far, all of the readily available consumer versions are horrible. "pot use in Silicon Valley... is lower than average. I've seen ... employees openly smoked pot in the office, ...pot smoked at parties etc. and a handful of friends smoke" Based on my experience in the DC metro area, pot use in Silicon Valley is FAR higher than here. Aside from a few friends who smoked in the their teens and early-20s, I don't see it much at all. Maybe DC is even lower than average because of the high concentration of government jobs (and the accompanying clearance process)? Yeah, I don't get it. It sounds like a noisy restaurant. clang bash bang The few people I know who have spent time in Amsterdam also had the same comment. To the point that it was a running joke. Yes. In the last decade or so, the Virginia DMV has been painless for typical tasks. Most common tasks can be performed online - registration, license renewal, even obtaining titles after paying off loans (assuming the dealer/bank held the title electronically). The few times I've had to show up in person, I've been in and out in 30 minutes or less. Question... How do YOU choose the wines you buy? I enjoy a good wine, but never bothered refining my taste for regions, pairings, etc. Instead, I found a good, local wine shop. When I need a bottle, I just ask for what I want... "something to go with a duck dinner", "something to drink on a hot, summer night", etc. So far, they haven't let me down. I probably average $20/bottle - certainly more than strictly necessary for a good bottle - but I figure it's almost guaranteed I'll enjoy the bottle, and it's going to a local, family business, so I'm ok with that. I'll give the benefit of the doubt, and assume "low cost labor" is something close to "first year employee wages". And, not every smart kid is cut out for starting a business. I wasn't. Too risk averse. I like to build software, I'm pretty good at it, but much prefer the comfort of a salary. No comment on banking interns, but I occasionally mentor developer interns. We always have real work for them to do. Usually prototyping something using a new technology that we're considering. Or, prototyping a new product that hasn't been resourced yet. They work a normal work week. 40-45 hours/week. No clue what we pay them, but they are paid and provided housing. We usually hire a few of them full-time when they finish school and they're generally very successful employees. I assume they have a good time. They're 20-21 years old; I hope they do. Stressing at a desk sounds like a pretty lame way to spend your 20s. "Noting also that this played out over many years." Not so. The article states the liens can be sold after a year and foreclosure initiated after an additional 6 months. In several of the cases listed, the original home owner was in hospice care or otherwise unavailable. I don't disagree that the city needs a way to recoup unpaid taxes. But, there has to be a better way than this. Yes, which is why we have the large number of new for-profit institutions. Many of these new for-profits deliver degrees that aren't the paper used to print them because delivery a quality education isn't easy. Yes, very common, at least in the wealthier regions. Many kids have a car available as soon as they can legally drive. That said, I've noticed a trend among my son's peers. Many of them delayed driving until they left for college. Not sure why. When I was that age, everybody skipped school on their 16th birthday to go take the driving test. Correct, it does already exist and it's even more diverse than you indicate. Community colleges (2-year), state colleges, private colleges, state universities, and private universities. All on a continuum, with a fair bit of overlap between categories. I'm sure everybody that attended a top school has a story about the rich flunky down the hall, but it's still the exception, not the rule. This is close to my current office environment. I have a typical cube, located in a typical cube farm, if I want some relative peace and quiet. And the team has a dedicated "lab" where I spend most of my day. It's not a totally open-plan area - just a conference room. Never more than 6-7 developers, of whom 4 are on my team, and the rest are transients from other teams working on related projects. I prefer the lab and only head down to the cube if I need to take client calls. Several of the developers prefer the cubes and spend most of their day there, only coming to the lab for a few hours/day. Not really. While I'm sure you could grab the brakes hard enough to launch yourself over the bars, there is a LOT of braking power to be had before that point. I ride close to 6000 miles/year, most road cycling, racing criteriums and road races. Going over the bars because I simply grabbed the front too hard isn't even the top-20 things I worry about. How many islands (or what % of total land mass) does a nation need to be considered an archipelagic state? You go to the theater for the "unique" concessions? I guess stale nachos and overpriced M&Ms are "unique", but I'd debate if they're a reason to go to the movies. :) Strava does allow users to flag segments as dangerous. I've flagged quite a few on a local multi-use "bike" trail - there are just too many pedestrians, joggers, and horses to try and chase the clock. Being fast on a cross-country trail is about conservation of speed, not just going fast on the downhill segments. Several of the fastest mountain bikers I know grew up racing motocross and bmx. The speed they carry through corners if amazing.