Current job: front end developer for a well-known mapping product (no, not that one), although my contract ends in a month. Side projects: http://markdownnotes.com , and many, many others. I also write picture-rich articles about history: http://en.nicolasbouliane.com/blog/the-berlin-airlift You hit the nail on the head with LinkedIn. Those who actively browse it are not your target demographic. Some of them may care about the finished product, but you'd better save it all for the technically-inclined people. My biggest gripe with them is that lots of people can write code that gets the job done, but people who write maintainable code are much rarer. That sounds a lot like it. It seems impossible to get filthy rich in Canada and even less in Germany where I currently live. As a Canadian in Germany, you seen nuthin' The German tax ROI seems much better to me, but I miss my $575 Montreal rent. That's correct. You need the Meldebescheinigung (given during the Anmeldung) to open a bank account, and you need a bank account to find an apartment, and you need an apartment to do the Anmeldung (it requires a fixed address). It's pure madness. I actually run a blog documenting the (sometimes insane) German bureaucracy. It's not nearly as bad as people think, but things like getting an Ausländerbehörde (immigration office) appointment can be a real pain. Fortunately, it has improved a lot in the last 3 years. The Settle in Berlin article is completely outdated. http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/berlin-auslanderbehorde-sam... There's already such a thing. Local subreddits, Facebook groups, GitHub issues etc. They all have their regulars. I'm fairly involved in my community with http://allaboutberlin.com/ , and I've made a few IRL friends just writing for that website. It's still possible: http://motherfuckingwebsite.com/ When I made All About Berlin, it was just HTML and CSS. Nothing complex there. I eventually added Disqus and Google Analytics, but it's still possible to build simple websites. > The set of all sets in a space, X, is called the power set, P(X). The power set is massive and, even if the space X is well-behaved, the corresponding power set can often contain some less mathematically savory elements. Consequently when dealing with sets we often want to consider a restriction of the power set that removes unwanted sets. I wish people could teach math in plain English. I don't know why the math and physics world refuses to write for the reader. I took this class before, and I still don't know what the author means by "less mathematically savory elements". Here's you explain things to humans: > There is a set called the power set that contains all the sets in a space. This set is huge, and it contains [less mathematically savory elements]. This is why we usually use a restricted version that removes the unwanted sets. Seriously, there's no point to this sort of fancy language. Math is already hard. No need to make it harder. It's based on my comprehension of his paragraph There is a set. It's called the power set. It contains all the sets in a space. The Fragebogen zur steuerlichen Erfassung. Every freelancer and small business owner in Germany has to fill it. It's long, it's complicated, and it's full of things that are hard to understand. I wrote a guide on how to fill it ( http://allaboutberlin.com/guides/fragebogen-zur-steuerlichen... ), but I wish there was an easier way to fill it. I live in Berlin too, and I do that a lot. I put my phone in my pocket, take random directions until I get loss, then slowly find my way back. I discovered a lot of things that way, and learned to orient myself in the city. I also saw lots of nice little gems that go unnoticed if you are not paying attention. A useful one for Berlin: trains usually drive on the right, so you know which way a station is by looking at the train signs. I can't speak for you, but I only heard about GDPR 6 months or so ago, like most people outside of Hacker News. Most small businesses only heard about it in the last 6 weeks. Sure, the regulation was there, but nobody talked about it, and it's unreasonable to expect people to magically learn about EU regulations, especially if they don't live in the EU. > I've done full compliance for six companies and it cost less than £250 each What about your salary? There are legitimate reasons to need to know how your website is being used. Submission statement: I compiled this guide over the last two months, covering all the little laws I needed to follow to make my website compliant. Since the GDPR regulation is full of little holes, I tried to refer as much as possible to other sources. I am aware that some things are missing. Online merchants have to follow quite a few more rules, but I'm not qualified to explain these. That's what Toyota did for a while. They recycled existing technology to make their little engines better and faster, instead of developing new engines at a much higher cost. On the other hand, there is little incentive to spend a billion dollars developing a one dollar product if it gets copied by everyone else. It can incentivize stagnation. What if the discovery process is risky and expensive? Protecting the idea is what pays the investors back. This also reads like opinion dressed as fact This is good, because that process now becomes the API's problem and not yours. Their tests cover it, not yours, and it makes your work simpler. I've always made my own themes, and even those can be fairly slow without the standard caching plugins. Optimizing Craft CMS sites was a breeze by comparison. Nobody pays for content. Let's stop pretending it's a usable business model. Even paywalls are hated by most, and banned by some communities. If you block ads, they'll simply make the content an ad. If restaurants offered meals for free, people wouldn't complain about the ads on the menu. No restaurant offers free meals though. Should we start charging for everything we see online?