http://qz.com/367310/how-to-kill-a-doctor/ You really think being a doctor is easy? I do both. My last time leaving a job I told external recruiters both what I was making and I would not field interviews for less than X+$21,500. Between all of the recruiters I worked with, I had 10 phone interviews with companies and a job offer within 2 weeks. I declined 5 or 6 in person interviews. My answer to that question would be, when I am at work I give 120% of my effort to my job. I build skills and I do research the latest trends in the industry. However I believe a good work life balance is important. When I leave work, I spend quality time with my family and at the gym. When I was looking for a job eight months ago. I had interviews with 10 different companies in the course of three weeks. I was not offered one job probably because of the attitude I expressed above. I accepted a job where the manager emphasized his belief in a work life balance. It's a buyers market for qualified experienced software developers. I won't jumped through unnecessary hoops to get a job. "and if you don't impress the hackers, your days are numbered" http://m.slashdot.org/story/21026 "no wireless, less space than a Nomad. Lame" Well yes he does make most of his current income from ads - mostly from his podcast. But he made most of his wealth from his equity in Tumblr as the first developer. He also sold Instsgram to another company and makes money from the OverCast app. I don't think it's a disdain for .Net. It's more of a disdain for ASP.Net Webforms. I'm definitely not a youngster (I'm 41). But he's been doing Asp.Net Webforms for 12 years. He hasn't shown a "knack for constant improvement". He hasn't been keeping up with the frameworks and technologies that MS has been pushing - Asp.Net MVC, WebApi, Entity Framework, etc. If he has been doing WebForms instead of MVC, he's probably not up on all of the basic table stakes client side stuff like BootStrap and JQuery. I know at 41 years old, if I want to stay in development and not go into management and command the salary I want, I can't be complacent. The minute that my company stagnates, I must find another job. That means for me, being a full stack .Net developer: 1. Web - Angular, JQuery, CSS, TypeScript, and Bootstrap 2. Server side web - Asp.Net MVC, WebApi, WCF 3. Knowing how to speak the language of an architect (DDD, Design Patterns,everything that Martin Fowler writes) 4. Database theory and maintenance and EF. 5. Testing - front end and back end automation testing. I'm not bragging, I know lots of developers who can tick off these checkboxes. If you're not willing to aggressive learn, this isn't the field for you. MVC is a lot easier for someone who grew up developing on the web. But if you aren't skilled at hand rolling your own HTML and you don't know client side frameworks that can take the place of the bloated but easy to use WebForm controls, MVC is a lot harder. WebForms hide the real web from developers. I disagree, I've worked with many great tech recruiters during the past 20 years that know the market. I've never had my resume submitted without my permission. The last time I was looking for a job with a certain salary, location, and work environment, they were extremely helpful filtering out the jobs that didn't meet my criteria. Employers rarely post salary ranges and it kept me from wasting time by just telling recruiters I won't interview for any job that pays less than $X. I had 10 phone screens with different companies and an offer within two weeks - without blindly applying for a job that would have paid much less than was acceptable. I hate to be that guy, but.... "That I’d been told $75k was reasonable, and that I would have to look for work elsewhere if it was going to be $44k." That was a dumb move. Why tell the boss anything? He should have thanked the boss, gone back to work and started interviewing while he had a job. He let his pride get in his way. And let's not gloss over the fact that he made at least a few million from his equity stake in Tumblr when it was sold to Yahoo. He was the first employee of the company. From everything I've heard on his podcast, it is strongly hinted that he really never needs to work another day in his life. I'm torn. I have 3 older Rokus that are in need of an upgrade. I'm trying to decide between a new Roku and an Apple TV. Roku Pros: -Has an app for the iPhone that I can use when I misplace the remote and can use the iOS keyboard for text input -Has a native Amazon Prime client. -Find remote feature -Remote with headphone jack -Dedicated app for Pandora and Spotify Cons -anemic app store outside of streaming video -No AirPlay -processor not as powerful AppleTV: Pros: AirPlay Support More powerful processor Better apps Cons: Doesn't support Apple's remote app (yet?) Fragile remote On screen keyboard seems like a pain No Amazon Prime support without using AirPlay No headphone jack on remote No Pandora or Spotify app (yet?) He tested ChromeCast and the Amazon Fire TV (which is based on Android). But with Google's spotty record when it comes to TV devices (Google TV, Android TV, Nexus Player, Nexus Q), can you blame him? I don't get it. Is Apple against programmers publishing their own source code? If the authors are giving away the code anyway why not just put it on GitHub and let anyone clone it and use it? Ahhh. In that case, I can understand why Apple wouldn't want to encourage this. if he just open sourced it, Apple wouldn't care about him distributing it or using private APIs. If someone never discovers force touch shortcuts, does it make the phone less useful? On the other hand, almost 8 years after multitouch, even people who are not tech savvy inherently understand pinch and expand so eventually it will become second nature. My bigger issue is that I think it will be confusing to people thinking that long touch doesn't work when they are pressing their screen to move icons. Even more confusing is the home button. Double press to go the home screen, double tap to activate reachability, and long press to activate Siri. "Few business models can afford a 30% tax. If you monetize externally to the device, this tax can be avoided." What do you think the "tax" is when you sell something wholesale to a distributor that then sells it to a retailer? Cards Against Humanity is always doing something crazy. When they sponsor the Accidental Tech Podcast and instead of a sponsor read, they have John Siracusa review toaster ovens. That's not true. Apple allowed third party browsers - as long as they used WebKit - from day one when the app store opened. Apple doesn't have to "allow" you to install apps on the Mac. I've got an even worse Ux experience for you. The podcast app. The sleep timer, forward 15 sec and back 15 sec buttons are completely invisible. You have to know where on the screen to press to get to them. So which should I believe, a random poster on Hacker News that says that Apple forbids employees to contribute to open source, or the fact that Apple has many published open source projects? Why am I suppose to feel bad for these adjunct professors? They seem to fall into two categories - either they are full time professionals who take on a teaching job just as supplemental income, or they chose field and/or degree for which there weren't a lot of job opportunities. I would never support my child getting a degree in Ancient Chinese Art History, I don't care if it is their "passion". As Scott Adams said "Passion Is Bullshit." So it was for the enjoyment -- there is nothing wrong with that. I also did a part time "job" that paid almost nothing compared to my real job, but was for "passion". But I wasn't crazy enough to make a career out of it like the subject of the article. "T-Mobile knows exactly what it's doing. If they had announced an open platform with open specs for implementing low-bandwidth video," Every streaming platform since RealVideo in the mid 90s has had a way to detect bandwidth and send low bandwidth video based on the amount of bandwidth available. You can download a free streaming server right now from either Apple or Adobe that can do it. "and then said "if you have this, we'll use it", the end result would be that everyone could benefit from an innovation of theirs." Does he really need to provide a link to Apple's or Adobe's free offering or the $600 WireCast solution? I've set up an bandwidth adaptive streaming solution for around $2000 (Mac Mini + BlackMagic Intensity + camcorder). "He's smart enough to know that favoring companies that "have the technology to do this" really means favoring large corporations, which is bad for the little guys." This "technology" to stream lower bitrate video based on available bit rate has been around for 20 years. if you're a small outfit, you probably don't have enough video that you need to pay someone else to transcode. You can do it yourself using freely available tools Like HandBrake and some simple scripts, and throw a few spare computers at it. I know that Apple has some tools that use QuickTime to do it - and yes QuickTime uses standard H.264 encoding. If you care about mobile, you should be encoding for low and high bandwidth anyway. Again, I mostly deal with live streaming but the $2000 solution I mentioned above allows you to simultaneously stream at multiple bitrates.