Which tasks are hard to accomplish? You realize you can tell it to use your system default to read a given format right its under behavior in preferences Whine much please provide an example of a) an application like calibre with a better ui and similar features or b) how the ui should work. You may be incompetent You couldn't be more wrong. Maybe if you have 4 plugins this is a workable strategy. What if you have 20 or 50. How on earth do you update any of them cleanly? Perhaps the reason pulse and gnome were disliked has something to do with distros that don't support the old versions after a new one comes out and foisted unfinished buggy releases on their users before either was ready for prime time? Why didn't you just pirate the songs you had already paid for? Or perhaps your reading comprehension sucks If you use firefox on the desktop and on android you can easily sync your passwords for anything browser related without any third party extensions and without trusting unencrypted data to a 3rd party. Rasberi Pi 2 $35 crummy usb drive $6 Keyboard from thrift store $2 Mouse from thrift store $3 Monitor from thrift store $10 A functional computer for $56. Not the best but probably a lot faster than the one you paid $2500 for. When I tried it Netrunner was an abortion. Its first stable release crashed more, both individual components and the whole damn thing, than Windows ME. Even the name is stupid and sounds like a 10 year old thought of it. While awesome in theory, it seems pretty easy in generic pentadactyl to focus a text field, hit ctrl+i, and have an instance of vim where after you :wq the contents of the buffer will be the contents of the text field. Also compared to a real vim window this lags terribly. Its also worth mentioning that its totally broken if you use vim-startify https://github.com/mhinz/vim-startify . Except every linux distro on earth...ever. Its sufficient just to NOT overwrite the mbr with your own bootloader if you see one is already there. Pretending this is hard is pretty disingenuous. How long have you worked there? Didn't you download gigabytes worth of os in order to run this in the first place? Come back when you can write excel as an excel macro. The argument that spreadsheets are easy for non programmers to use is not an argument for replacing programmers current tools with structured tools. Nor an argument against. The sandbox is a false or perhaps in your case imaginary sense of security. Malicious packages are still possible Its still unsafe to run software from anyone you don't trust Worrying about getting root is beside the point when almost everything valuable on your system is whats available to your user A app store situation where alternate repos or ppa need not exist because everyone can just add packages to some huge store is a horrible horrible idea. Unless you know they have the internet. That book is available from several sources. Safer. Its a matter of degree. Why does there need to be a way to takedown hate speech? Moderation provides a way for communities to decide what they will and wont accept and you can choose what communities you would like to be a part of. If a person spews hateful garbage all over the forum report or comments look to the people that run the community to take out the trash. If they wont find a different community. There is no reason you ought to be able to shut down speech because YOU find it offensive. It sounds great when its happening to a lunatic spewing hate but its a perfect tool to squelch free thought and discussion and it can and will be used for less benign uses if you put that tool in the hands of government. The poem made more sense than Janina Point by point - A private passport service that nobody accepts is no more valuable that the group of people that trust the people doing the verification which as of now is zero. In fact since nations are the arbiters of identity within their border there is not much chance of this changing inside this decade. - She admits she doesn't understand the technology at all just thinks it fits in with her super unrealistic libertarian ideas - All governments are bad because they are all in debt! Governments and people budget differently you can't reason about a government as if it were a massive version of your family. This is economics 101. - The blockchain will help us replace the nation state! The blockchain could provide the basis of a currency, distributed dns, identity etc I'm not seeing how distributed identification has anything to do with replacing centralized government or that that's even a good thing paying for just want you personally use and want is in fact an incredibly stupid idea. The kinds of things you actually WANT government to take over are exactly the kind of things that the free market is bad at and precisely because it is bad at it. How much national defense do you want this year citizen! - Getting fake married on the internet is so much safer! Of course because its not real. Real marriage implies legal and moral obligations. Those obligations are complex because peoples lives are complicated and include lots of complicating entanglements like money, shared obligations, houses, kids. In fact if you acquire all those complicating factors you wont find your fake marriage much easier to extricate yourself from. The more I read the more embarrassed I am for her. I'm pretty sure you could do that with nix and skip the docker part She had a affair with a married senior partner who was also a lecherous jerk at her prior job, betraying both her spouse and her fellow cheaters spouse. Then when he, the lecher, was under fire for his treatment of another female subordinate she defended him.