Hm? Windows was first released in November of '85, and the first release that achieved significant popularity was released in '87. Do you mean to say IBM regarded the Apple Macintosh as a toy? I guess I can understand the first two, but you'd take Java over Ruby? Really? I've always wondered why Nokia doesn't do more marketing in the US. I've never had a bad experience with a Nokia phone, and I definitely plan to keep buying phones from them for the foreseeable future. Their development process looks pretty nice too, though they could use a few pointers on making a professional website: http://developer.symbian.org/ The biggest problem, as I see it, is that certain apps only work with certain phones, forcing wonderful things like OggPlay to make extensive lists of which phones they support, and you could conceivably end up having to do research before buying a phone to see if it supports what you need, which is too much effort for most people. I think that Dalvik provides a great way to address this for Android, but we won't see a whole lot of Android phones for some time now, probably not until Q1 2010. Symbian and Android are far more open, though, which I think is what has some people irked. I can't imagine it does any good for the environment, at least not until >five years from now. Producing a car isn't exactly easy on the environment, and requiring people to buy new cars isn't going to help. The title is somewhat misleading; what's actually happening is that they finally observed spin-charge separation: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spinon The results around 22 aren't too surprising: most people will probably quickly figure out that the target cannot possibly be above 66.67, but few will realize that this implies that the target will be below 44.44. If you assume the guesses will be randomly distributed from 0 - 66, you get a target of 22, which isn't a bad guess for most of the times this experiment was performed on the proles. I have a personal stenographer. >without a proper solution that doesn't involve the words "boycott" or "jailbreak" Why not buy a different phone, perhaps one that does what you want? Eric Schmidt and Scott McNealy are the trivial ones, I guess, though Sun never got into the consumer market. Perhaps Shuttleworth? Sounds overblown. Carbapenems ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbapenem ) are beta-lactam antibiotics that are resistant to all [previously] known beta-lactamases. This seems to be a newer beta-lactamase, but that certainly wouldn't confer resistance to non-beta-lactam antibiotics like chloramphenicol. It's a matter of serious concern like any other new antibiotic-resistant bug, but it's by no means "resistant to all known antibiotics". In fact, MRSA was already resistant to carbapenems, having lost all D-alanine residues in it's cell wall. Phage therapy is also an option for bacterial infections that are resistant to all available antibiotics, though it's not very popular in the West (it's mostly used in Russia). That ignores the size of the polynomial, doesn't it? If the fastest polynomial-time proof finding algorithm is O(n^50), it's not going to do much good. "Since then, it has found its way into all major operating systems, including GNU/Linux, BSD, and Solaris. It's also available for the Microsoft® Windows® operating systems as a third-party commercial package." I don't think that you can really exclude Windows from the category "major operating systems". It might not be your favorite operating system (it certainly isn't mine), but give the devil his due. I liked the idea behind http://twi.bz/ , which at least shows the domain name behind the link. It doesn't make for quite as short links as tr.im &c though. What about moot and weev? They're not members of the open source community, but they are notorious. I think it was really a joke he played on the Rails guys. The original presentation is here: http://www.zedshaw.com/repository/rubyenrails2008/build/ruby... and it seems to me that it'd be easy to realize it was more or less a joke; the tone of the presentation didn't seem very serious ("Sounds like Erlang, so it's fast!"). On the other hand, maybe that's how Rails presenations typically are; I was never part of that scene. 12chan? Perhaps, but they would no longer have an incentive to kill people as they were going about it. That's really what we'd like to end. If they had a public presence (which they'd need if they were going to compete in a world of legal weed),they wouldn't be able to commit violent crimes. Hell, they probably wouldn't be as bad as most businesses. Now Google shows this comment page first and the Badabingle search engine second. It's funny how quickly the updates come. Hell, the way things work these days, he could leave a comment on a popular news aggregator: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Factor_(programming_language)#c... or even just a post on twitter: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leave_This_Town#cite_note-1 Is it worth arguing over which blogging software is better? Use what works for you. This guy's points -- Wordpress is the Windows of blogging, etc -- some people are looking for Windows. A lot of people host Wordpress on cheap Dreamhost accounts and don't want to think about security; they'll probably just restore from backups if something goes wrong. It's the sort of thing that I'd figure makes security guys pull out their hair, but it's the market wordpress serves. seL4! ...wait, that's cheating, isn't it? I came here to post this. The solar "gold rush" of 2006-08 was precipitated by companies like HelioVolt claiming they could achieve panel production for under $1/watt. Cheaper solar panels won't kill the industry, it will make it economically viable on the large scale. If this article's predictions are correct, it's probably time to invest--if you know the right company, that is. If you ask me, #3 should be "aerobic metabolisms". It seems like a pretty significant development. This lua paper looks interesting, though I don't like the way they pass code as strings: http://docs.google.com/gview?a=v&q=cache:G3KOwdPfnsAJ:ww...