mmap of course? Light is the only thing thats done it for me, ever. In high school I made myself get up and turn on a light, which was permission to go back and lie on the bed for another 15 minutes. Without light, I've never been able to get up. The funny part is I sometimes forget this for extended periods of time and suffer awfully trying to get up in the morning. Ah! One of my favorite topics! Inkboard was a fork of inkscape that was an experimental collaborative whiteboard. It uses XMPP, and some pieces of it were merged into Inkscape proper well after the fact. Coccinella is a perl/tk IM client that uses XMPP to do whiteboarding. shit was at 75% less than a week ago, of the 10k it was requesting. talk about a fast shift. Threaded model has two detractors; Foremost, context switching. This is a non-trivial process: on-die caches get flushed, virtual memory has to get re-mapped, registers re-loaded. This is by definition lost time, time the OS is spent not doing your workload. If the number of context switches gets too large, a system is spending an inordinate amount of time performing context switches, and less time doing "real work" inside threads. You cite two isues, slow and not scaling. Second, memory usage. Each thread has its own stack space, which consumes a fixed memory size. As to "slow" and "does not scale;" slow is relative; the amount of time spent context switching is very dependent on a variety of workload factors. Threading _can_ be slow. Scaling, on the other hand, is less unequivocal. A quarter million active threads, each doing very little, is not a good thing: too much memory, too many context switches, and too high a latency. The problem is not threading per se. It's pre-emptive multi-threading, where a programs state is transparently pulled from the CPU by the OS and serialized to someplace else, and another programs state is de-serialized and loaded in transparent; that is, without the loaded or unloaded program knowing. Erlang and tasklets are examples of userspace or lightweighs threads where pre-emption is not permitted, and the context switching penalty is negligible. Instead of threads being ignorant, and being preemptively swapped in and out, they are coordinated and actively yield themselves back to the scheduler, thereby reducing the context switching penalty. ryah immediately posted the following series of tweets, to such effect: "Thanks-some valid criticisms. The story doesn't stop at the process boundary. Concurrency through Spawning&IPC should be discussed" "ie, "actors", although not explicitly given that name, are baked in. I just don't feel then need to put them inside the same process." asked about impl discussion; "Not really. It's not fancy: unix socks, no framing protocols, no RPC daemons. But using what's there is a valid concurrency solution." the particular danger i'd cite w/r/t JS is that its a much more flexible language than many, and that there's not the same level of entrenched best practices and tooling to enforce best practices. in other words, everyone knows JS, granted, but they know very different styles of it. consider the plethora of means of doing inheritance that exist for JS. There are features you miss by relying on IPC. UNIX Sockets are zero copy, sure, but you still lose performance doing the marshal/unmarshal tasks, and that could be largely avoided using shared immutable memory. I'd much rather node have a multi-threaded Web Workers implementation of nodejs that uses immutable shared memory for message passing. Not coincidentally, I'd much rather push the real distributed scaling problems (such as coordination and marshalling/demarshalling) up to a much much higher level in my application stack. As it stands now, I need multiple marshal/unmarshallers, for the IPC layer and the app's scaling-out/distributed layer. the entire point was that it's not mapreduce, it's a stream processing system. try http://wiki.s4.io/Manual/S4Overview#toc1 for a " what is S4 " intro. The architecture resembles the Actors model, providing semantics of encapsulation and location transparency, thus allowing applications to be massively concurrent while exposing a simple programming interface to application developers. and S4 is a general-purpose, distributed, scalable, partially fault-tolerant, pluggable platform that allows programmers to easily develop applications for processing continuous unbounded streams of data. go stream processing. also see Flume for related recent works. Any delay in rendering web pages is due to the network. many many webapps do not use the network, and any latency experienced comes from the page's own processing, the browser & the os. i'd throw ANDROID-1147 and ANDROID-1376 in the Android technical management "absolutely really just doesn't get it" bucket. otoh, the issue Charles Ying of Satine.org rages aobut, ANDROID-6914, seems much more questionable to me because the issue itself is really complex. the two tickets, "Support for external keyboard, mouse" and "Browser doesn't render SVG images" both strike me as absolutely essential to making smartphones competitive with PC's. people have been happily attaching fold up keyboards to Palm Pilots for a decade now, SVG is perhaps the only sane route forwards for resolution independent apps and animation, and Apple has found religion on both these topics-- yet Android is obstinately behind. otoh composited gpu acceleration is not nearly the huge obvious win C. Ying boasts it as. the gpu is more power efficient than the cpu for intensive applications, but a smartphones natural state is not intensive use. mr guy of android points out a number of complexities-- opengl drivers only supporting a single context, opengl acceleration proving less speedy than software implementations. it places huge emphasis on driver support, which any embedded wonk will tell you is a scary prospect. although gpu acceleration is becoming better supported, keep in mind that the smartphone market expands, both up and down, with broadcom & others putting out chips designed for sub $75 smartphones. android is definitely not winning the race for the top atm, but performance has always been a rather lonely market-- that said, unsmooth experiences dont fly. software graphics focus insures a base level of performance for everyone, and strikes me as the right place to start to insure a speedy experience not subject to external interrupts. the current silkiness situation is a little sad. it'll get better. more relevant to me is Android not playing in the ecosystem-- external peripherials, UPnP/DLNA, SVG-- these are the real things that will make or break not Android, but the open digital web, and Android is failing, badly, even in compare with non-web-enthusiasts Apple. Samsung cared, and they spend X million dollars building new devices that made use of the hardware they had onboard because they cared. As a result they can run a browser at 720p smoothly on their phone. Innovation doesnt come from asking people what they want. It comes from finding new markets and making new means. The argument in favour of a GPU-accellerated GUI which is not mentioned here is battery life. I haven't been testing this side of things, but just because a CPU can do a 60 FPS GUI doesn't mean it should. Deferring it to the GPU would certainly reduce power consumption while navigating a UI. Both Charles Ying of Satine and wzdd seem sympathetic to this notion that the gpu is a power saving device. Surely it is when doing complex work. On the other hand, most smartphone usage consists of relatively simple screens and basic if any transitions. If it's only going to take 3ms of CPU work to run a 150ms animation, by all means, figure out how to keep the OS from interrupting the high priority graphics task and make the CPU do it. Particularly if the GPU would have to be on across the entire 150ms. If not, what is the cost of copying the graphical content between the GPU and the CPU? How much CPU does it take to initialize and set up the GPU for this extremely simple task you ask of it? Is the CPU going to be able to sleep while the GPU is running the animation, and if not what kind of context switching and control costs are going to be imposed on the CPU to manage the graphics state? We've barely begun to see multi-core cell phone GPU's, but the point of the GPU is basically to run lots of work at a nice low clock rate where voltages can be dropped. If you dont have a lot of work to do, there's really no sense waking up the GPU and having it's extremely dumb poorly-branching cores chug away at figuring out, say, the SVG animations that a semi-competent ARM core could knock off right quick. You're just wasting power turning on the GPU. Smoothness and polish, I suspect, are much more a questions of resource allocation than CPU capability, particularly when you've got a sub 640x480 surface and a 1GHz core. One of the reasons I'd switched to Opera over Mozilla/Firebird/Firefox was because it remained consistently responsive. A page would be freaking out dog slow doing heaven knows what... in firefox, the browser would be frozen, in Opera, I could continue interfacing and issuing gestures and keyboard commands. Even on my old Fujitsu P1120 - a dog slow 800MHz Transmeta Crusoe beast with 223 MB ram - Opera, while not visually responsive, was at least queuing my operations, and would respond as fast as it was able. There didnt seem to be any event queue in firefox; if the browser was freaking out, keyboard commands &c would be outright dropped. hubs cannot insert data. the only function a hub serves is to assert that there is new data on the feed, and that clients should re-request the feed. a malicious hub could continually signal clients to keep fetching the feed, triggering a Denail-of-Service on the feed. that's really the only possible mis-use. hubs can also proxy. ycombinator could run their own hub that could subscribe to someone else's hub and notify by proxy all of it's clients. this negates a lot of the "big hub" mumbo jumbo you seem to fear. to answer your original confusion, the problem PubSubHubbub solves are two fold. foremost, 5 minutes is a long time in some worlds. second, every client subscribing has to pole every 5 minutes, asserting an etag and/or if-modified-since, which the server then has to look at and validate. with pubsubhubbub, results are "instant" and the server doesnt have any load when nothing new is being posted. this is indeed a big deal. to your last, a micro hub will have no additional load, so long as the micro hub has any subscribers. I'm not sure why you'd say puppet isnt a server provisioning tool. This managing of configurations you talk about, the way puppet interacts with package managers to install packages, these are the tasks I think about when I hear server provisioning. remember when Steve Jobs announced the iPhone, and said the only applications for it would be web applications? [1] and how, across the next 5 months before native apps were announced, people alternatively wondered how they were going to possibly develop for it, or whether it was going to be a second genesis for the web? yeah, good times. [1] http://www.engadget.com/2007/06/11/apple-announces-third-par... Fuck yes. This isn't about GB/$. This is about IOPS/($ x density) and Throughput/($ x density). Databases and datastores used to be limited by iops, and SSD's are altering the balance of where that bottleneck occurs: we've already seen absurd 9x SSD systems[1] and 24x SSD systems[2] running off three or four SATA/SCSI cards; this offers those levels of performance in a single package. 3GBps is 24Gbps. A mere two of these will max out the IO Hub on a Nehalem, which is good for 40Gbps[3]. As for getting that data into the CPU, the top of the line MP Xeon offers four QPI links good for 25.6Gbps a piece. That's 100Gbps, which four of these could provide, and it stands as a fixed upper bound for how much data an SMP (4-way in this case) system can be fed (and thus crunch) at once (and uses expensive 4-way cpus to do it). The throughput limit is now (erm, will be) the platform, not the IO storage. This is huge. Wait, no, strike that, it's incomprehensibly small, small and fast. References: [1] "Battleship mtron" http://www.nextlevelhardware.com/storage/battleship/ [2] "Samsung SSD Awesomeness" http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=96dWOEa4Djs&fmt=22 [3] "Building a Single Box 100Gbps Router" via http://shader.kaist.edu/packetshader/ I'd love to hear about the ASIC this runs on. Will it present SATA's AHCI interface? Will it eschew SATA altogether? Warranty is key here. That and having prepared ops. Which is no different than it was with HD's. But for the sake of it, let's run the numbers. A 700GB drive being written at 2GB/s would fully cycle in 350 seconds. That's 86400/350 is 247 cycles a day (amusing 247 ~ 24/7 coincidence spotted). Assuming a 10,000 cycle life, that's 40 days of operation. Go to 100,000 cycle life and that a 400 day lifetime of non-stop full-speed writing. And worth every sweet cent of that somewhat short life, in this commenters opinion. I'm sure that the half rack of HD's it'd take to get this kind of IOPs wouldn't have an in any way improved expected lifetime cost. If you just need throughput the story may be a little different. Samsung has spent considerable effort getting better utilization of the PowerVR GPU, originally for the Galaxy Tab. It's really quite a shame these kind of under the hood optimizations are so far out of the mind of consumers; factors such as responsiveness and scrolling quality severely impact perceived experience, but there aren't good metrics and consumers don't know to look for them. To talk briefly about one item here, embedded systems dev kits; They strike me as a ludicrous 'pay to play' scheme. The old standard is that you have to buy a $2500 dev kit for every developers, and that standard has kept the individuals and enthusiasts out. OEM's ought have full design files for multiple reference board available, and sell implementations for something like cost. Much of this trenchant multi-level commercialism (developer kit company, silicon company) was natural for the way the software tooling used to work; one off debugging interfaces (also frequently $1000+) talking to each vendor's proprietary compilation/debugging toolchain, booting each vendor's own bootcode and running drivers developed by the vendor. Thankfully the open source stack is getting better. Another commenter discussed a sustainable bicycle part company ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2629346 ), and I see a similar parallel in that chip companies ought be investing in sustainable openly accessible tooling. SoC and high speed serial radically simplify many aspects of board design, chip companies ought be actively promoting the other side of easy accessibility & be working to produce open source drivers, facilitate tool support from the likes of OpenOCD, uBoot, &c, and doing every thing they can to reduce barriers to entry. linux can still boot without a /usr. this was a commit; how many people ran it? on the other hand, delete the boot.ini[1] and most windows systems cant even boot. now deploy that boot.ini deleting build on an MMO (eve online) and watch the fur fly. that, ladies and gentlemen, is how you earn a :golfclap:. [1] http://google.com/search?q=ccp+boot.ini I'm really excited I don't have to build my own XMPP Muji client[1]. Hang-outs are something I've wanted for a long long time; passive virtual spaces. Goonfleet used to go crazy with Stickam, but it was more event oriented, less passive. Hopefully this can be a good marker in helping people actually communicate and build community over the net, v. individual play. [1] http://telepathy.freedesktop.org/wiki/Muji I haven't heard anything about API's or developers. Another annoying case of "do no evil" not implying anything about actually pushing the state forward or helping. I'm not altogether that interested in the greater of the two silos, although I am excited by a state of play other than facebook moseying down the field palming the ball in one hand.