I think that if I wanted to help out a developer, I'd rather cut out as much middleman and pay directly or through kickstarter. If there were a middleman, I would especially rather it have the character of an entity like kickstarter, as opposed to an entity that tries to get a piece of your attention so they can sell it to a group of bidders. The problem with Chinese characters is that they are idiosyncratic. For example, I orally tell you "mao mi": how do you write it? If you've never seen it before, your chances of figuring this out is very sad. You claim that 90% of Chinese writing are phonographs. Perhaps this is true to the most technical sense, but to most students this is useless. Try taking that 90% claim into a Chinese language test at university. The teacher will laugh at you as you arrogantly think you can decipher the phonetics of characters just because you know the "radicals". There is absolutely no reliable system for translating radicals to character phonetics, because it's all just so messy and hit and miss. Of course, every language has bonkers exceptions. But Chinese is actually quite bad. For example, if I tell you "mao mi", and you had never seen the characters before, you have about no chance to figure it out. Conversely, if I show you the characters, but you've never seen them before, you have absolutely no clue what character it is. Sure, there are radicals. Don't count on them to tell you anything remotely useful. Sure, some characters do tell a proper story with their radicals, but it's laughable to count on them to tell you anything. I'd say that the higher $ man who lives in the city in a compact space with a compact car is more well off than the man living in an inland state with lots of acres and a hunting cabin. Why? Because the man in the city can purchase that anytime he wants. Just like you can go take your money to China right now and teach English as a side thing. So that subjective value can still be wrapped around an objectively lookable thing; it's just that the city man is not indulging in that lifestyle yet -- or perhaps he wishes to take that wealth elsewhere. You are not doomed if you have the wrong genes, but from what little I know it does seem like an environmental stress explanation is rather appealing for addressing why mean schizophrenic onset occurs later for those in highly structured environments, such as the armed forces. Hey there, do you have any place to direct me to look for mediators or malleable predictors of life outcomes for young men with schizophrenia? I've heard from a HN commentator that Neovim has given up on its principle goal of refactoring, and that progress has largely been due to uncrustify. Can anyone else speak to the health of the project? Are you guys ever thinking of a Linux version :( You have completely ignored the author's central point: that the movement toward privacy also makes you criminally suspect. Industrial / Org psychology is a rather new sub discipline. It's still hard to beat a metric like general mental ability in predicting job performance across a variety of jobs. I have difficulty digesting the concept of qualia as well. In my view, qualia refers to a phenomenon, but tries to deny that it is a phenomenon by arguing that it is something independent from the physics of perception. I believe that if anyone ever tried to devise a machine to represent the boundary between physics and qualia, such as an artificial intelligence or brain, the hardware of that AI would provide a means to decoding subjective experience into objective terms. Qualia would cease to be a useful term, and we would instead rely on a more objective look of individual perception, all while losing no advantages for abandoning "qualia" to the word graveyard. This might be a retarded question, but a simulation of a thing must always run more expensively / slower than the reality of the thing, right? And couldn't they build an organic material AI with inorganic interfaces for external manipulation? Github isn't the only choice, but I think it's the preferred choice for a code sharing community because they basically give their product for free for open-source projects on public repositories. And it's easy and good looking. Bitbucket distinguishes itself from Github by making itself free for small teams only, but allowing you free private repositories. Seems like they are more interested in businesses and proprietary code. I'm afraid I don't actually know any numbers on Linux users' willingness to buy software, but I am aware of the reputation that Linux users generally prefer their ecosystem of free apps. However, I bet that many Linux users are also Windows or OSX users, and if a password manager is to be effective, it has to be omnipresent. That's why I have begrudgingly paid for LastPass, while my dual Windows / OSX license for 1Password 4 has sat unused. I tried for awhile, but I couldn't stand the gap in coverage. So I narrowed it down to RoboForm and LastPass, and I chose the latter because it seemed more popular and I hoped that to predict company longevity. Because as nice as lifetime licenses are, once software is no longer supported, esp. for things like intelligent form-filling, chances are you won't want to use your software anymore. It's not immediately apparent from the front accessible parts of Bitbucket's website, but if you refer users with a provided link you also get up to 3 extra free users. In your description, mathematics is the pure study of theoretical computing machines. However, I think that the act behind mathematics is what people are interested in -- general or capricious analogy-making ability. That's what we want to develop in young people. We want the thing or process that operates the math, including novel operations for novel situations, and I believe that analogy-making is that thing. And this is may be why people have an emotional resistance to arithmetics in school. Because arithmetics is an instance of math, but what people are practicing is a particular instance of operation, rather than the skill of operation. I'd say that Chinese is honestly a harder language because it is filled with too much idiosyncrasy. I think most Chinese people cannot decipher the meaning or pronunciation of new Chinese words they've never seen before. And if they've forgotten how to write a character, then they are doomed without outside reference. I can use a word in English I've only seen or heard once in a novel event, and have a hope of using it passably. Even looking things up in the dictionary is hard... for Chinese people. I've seen Chinese parents pride themselves on how skillfully their children use the dictionary. That's because it's hard and worthy of pride; the radical system is so random and unnecessary from an outside view. Chinese is worthy of the reputation that perl has had, and for the exact same reasons: it's capriciously idiosyncratic and ruthless to non-native speakers. I'd also note that non-native language acquisition has been looked at by the US military, and I'm sure across the world, and I doubt that all languages are rated equally. I'm quite sure that Arabic and Chinese rate as very hard languages. Actually I do must question what progress philosophy has made. Is there a bedrock of philosophical knowledge upon which we can rely and do interesting things? Try attacking the problem head on. Science most definitely does not stand on the theory of philosophy (if so, which theory does all of science depend upon?), and neither would it have disappeared from across cultures simply because the west forgot to introduce science itself to the rest of the world. The fact that science arose independently across cultures tells us that it does not rest on any rigorous philosophical theory. But who gets to space flight without some theory of gravity and motion? It's because space flight does depend on a tall body of theory. Science is simply a community and inter-generational task of causal modeling via evidence. It cannot be denied simply because the west forgot to tell the rest of the world of philosophy. Science was invented by no philosophical theory. Humongous western development may have been spurred by the worldview of western philosophers, but science does not need such roots. This is not the same as Newton laying down the groundwork for a physics. Now that is a pillar of theory that a community builds around. That's no sarcasm by the way, but rather it is awe and respect for a theory that can act as a pillar or bedrock of continual community growth and stable theoretical illumination for hundreds of years. Have philosophers finally built any pillar by which they may create tall structures? Or is everything they make made of sand, and thus their buildings are only waist high after thousands of years across cultures? At most, science only needs 1% of philosophy in order to have some self-perspective. But let's not go too deep in, because we know that pillars of sand cannot build any cross-cultural theory beyond waist-high structures. Perhaps it shocks your moral sensibility to generalize across humans, but it is perfectly legitimate for anyone who is seeking the truth to do these things. For them, the primary question must be "to what degree is a generalization meaningful?". When we say things like, "The African American population in the US is materially disadvantaged.", that statement does generalize across many individuals. But it's also potentially very useful or actionable. Also, anyone who says they judge people as individuals is probably bullshitting to the max. It sounds cognitively overburdening and wasteful. What examples do you have (Go?), and do you have any charts that you drew insight from to say that? Of course, I have already been Googling the issue, but we aren't necessarily looking at the same sources. So where are you getting your information that Python is losing to the "it" languages? That argument sounds rather dark, as the same thing which illuminates the criminals -- guess what -- also illuminates the people. And journalists, lawyers, and associations that digest information for the people. So now the overwhelming majority of the world goes dark on the law because a minority of uniquely dangerous criminals are lawyer-like Westboro Baptists with bombs. If terrorists wish to confine their behaviors to the technicalities of western law because they would rather get arrested than shot, that is actually a highly desirable outcome. We should seek to capture all criminals alive and decently, and gather what data they have to attack other networked crime. Seriously, law-conscious Westboro Baptist terrorists would be a positive development. This is no different from a criminal learning about the circumstances in which a cop might shoot them, and thus opting to drop their gun in certain situations. The criminal is being more legally conscious as part of their strategy. While wrongdoers who play legal strategy can be a frustrating nuisance, but the alternative is secret legal memos, which I find more frightening. It doesn't make sense to me to say that torture is ineffective simply because subjects have incentive in the face of torture to say or believe anything. For example, it doesn't matter if a person keeps on outputting contradictory claims of reality. What matters is if this person can produce evidence of novel knowledge. And of course even if someone delivered information in a non-tortuous interrogation, any government would fact-check. I also don't believe it's very easy to confuse someone's existing memories. I don't think I can simply torture somebody, with professionals and equipment at my disposal, and cause discrete changes in beliefs ("My real name is Reek!"). These world governments no doubt have data on varying techniques of torture, and I have no doubt there has been a very long race, begun awhile ago, to map out the theory of torture, and I think it is a bit preliminary to say that torture doesn't work until we get a hold of some systematically collected data. What I had in mind when I was thinking of novel data, would be someone who can authenticate the value of their potentially false claims by stating something that nobody else could know. Like the serial killer who states special information. An alternative situation could be those who are looking for cryptography keys. I still believe that the presence of novel data could help a torturous interrogator sieve desperate lies from actionable data. Confirmation of novel data that nobody else could've known authenticates the value of your knowledge. Government may have been reckless before by acting before confirming, but if they just include a confirmation step, then they could have a means of differentiating actionable data from junk. After looking over the site, and doing some Wikipedia searching, it does appear that there are ways to reliably damage or confuse memory, even in innocuous settings. Such as ads meant to manipulate memory. The last point is the one I wanted to make, because I felt that arguments about the efficacy of torture is similar to arguments about the financial costs of the death penalty -- it's a highly ephemeral and gambling argument that hinges on the state of science or technology. So I was wondering what happens to the discussion on ethics once we begin to accept the efficacy of torture? It would only be a partial explanation, though, since the mother's career by itself doesn't appear to have the same relationship.