As far as I understood the article, David had this accident in Argentina and the local authorities are investigating the matter. Daniel then left the country, going back to Brazil. Presumably -- but this is pure speculation on my part -- they asked him to return, in order to answer questions, and he declined. Argentina issues an international arrest warrant, so they can interview him. Daniel travels overseas, immigration at the airport scans his passport, the arrest warrant pops up. Everything from that point is purely automatic. Its language semantics are a sweet spot for me. And in my kind of web applications I handle massive load via HTTP Caching, leaving your "fast" language without cache-aware architecture far behind, thank you very much. The language does not implement caching. Your application architecture needs to take server caching into account. And in my experience, devs who focus so much on the "fast language" part, do so, because they don't actually know much about caching. And no, this statement is not universally qualified. I don't understand why you would want to implement HTTP caching in a language's runtime. Honestly, I don't even see where and how you could even do that. Of course "you don't implement caching". I think it was clear that I was talking about designing a cache-aware application. Cf. http://www.mnot.net/cache_docs/ . Okay, then I misunderstood where you were getting at. My fault. No, it didn't. The United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit did. I have played with GPG time and again, my Enigmail/Thunderbird/OpenPGP card setup is fully functional. But what's holding me back is webmail. I don't use the web interface often, but it has proven to be absolutely crucial to be able to get some important mail (boarding pass, mail explaining how to get somewhere etc.) from any computer. Doesn't help. First, I'm not remotely interested in running my own mail infrastructur anymore. Been there, done that. Today it's much too hard to get mails accepted by others. But more important: iPads don't have an USB connector, my mobile phone doesn't have one. Friends have Macs, in other places there might be other crippled devices. The web is a universal building block. USB sticks are not. A password manager does not encrypt or sign mails. My friend's computers don't have PGP installed. Neither do "surf terminals". I certainly cannot install PGP there. Everything that requires some special software to run is a non-starter. That's wrong (you may mean "in the US", though, I don't know about that). And incredibly stupid. Of course it is desirable to give the attacker a chance to retreat by firing a warning shot. If he continues and you're in imminent physical danger, you shoot at the legs. And only if that did not help you go for the torso. (If there is enough time, if the killing shot is the only one you're ever going to get to fire, then that it is) That is equivalent to abolishing rule of law. And leads to an immediate race to the bottom of human sentiments and emotions. Feel free to google for "Gesundes Volksempfinden" (~"healthy people's perception"). The central pillar that allowed German jurists in the Third Reich to distort the existing law at will. The German civil code has been changed often, but fundamentally it's the same now as it was in 1900. Pretty fascinating how it's now seeing the fourth totally different political system. Well, but I know about what German courts require in cases of self-defense with a gun. I'm sorry to hear that the US have not developed some sensible framework of self-defense. I find the Florida system eminently sensible, even not going far enough. Maybe just because I'm kind of used to it. German self-defense law is even stronger than all those Stand Your Ground laws in the US. I guess only here law professors can write about the "ignominious/dishonorable flight" when discussing options against an attacker. "Justice does not have to yield to injustice" is a very common saying. But even if the law allows you to strike back, it's usually still a good idea to retreat. :-) A saying from an aquaintance who works as a public prosecutor in capital cases: "Generally it's preferable to discuss the limitations of self-defense with the prosecutor, than having the family discuss with the undertaker." Ambiguity does exist in natural languages, and it is obviously no big problem.[1] Unfortunately, technically inclined people like to apply their domain specific "knowledge" (compiler cosntruction?) to everything and come to incredibly bad conclusions. Ex falso quodlibet. It gets especially bad when technical guys talk about law and juristic methodology. Demonstrated daily here on HN. [1] BTW, linguistics is descriptive, not prescriptive. You immediately disqualify yourself from any linguistic discussion when you claim that native speakers are in error. > Reasonably foreseeable outcome. In German law that's even intent. The weakest form of intent, and not always easy to distinguish from wanton negligence, but still. The difference is probably that in your case you're showing self-produced evidence that you can easily and arbitrarily create, while in the case of physical shipment another party confirms the shipment. I passed the last course and cannot recommend it enough. I'd love to know the answer to the last week's programming problems, though. I only got part of it. Luckily, criminals (and innocents) don't get to dictate the process and legal rules of criminal investigations (and extraditions). We call it rule of law. You may have heard of it. I do not see where I actually commented on the merits of the case or the extradition request. Maybe you can enlighten all of us? Encrypt your content with AES-128 with a random (from /dev/random) key; write the key down as 32 hexadecimal digits. Nobody is going to break it, ever. Don't you advocate the use of urandom, or is there a subtlety I haven't got yet? Over the last days I've been looking into the whole "never use urandom for crypto" meme that permeates practically every Linux and general tech message board (and that I had believed for years). And I've come away with the conclusion that not trusting AES (or another modern block cipher) to be "good enough" for the CSPRNG, but using the output for... AES (or another modern block cipher) is quite comical. Germany's best-selling PC magazine c't periodically distributes "Bankix" on their CD. It's a Linux live system (with permanent storage on a USB stick) geared specifically towards online banking. I believe that quite a few people actually use it. Of course the hardware is the same, but you get a clean single purpose software system. Gutmann's cryptlib, as well, I guess.