That, and that governments do what they promised they would do in the Paris agreement. It should really not be that controversial. Off topic, I'm wondering, do people on here tend to have subscriptions to sites like wsj.com that are behind a paywall or is there a known way to get past it without one that I just don't know about? > That being said, the dismissive use of 'Happy Pills' is a bit problematic IMO, for some that is the most effective way to heal depression 100% agree. For some of us, a low dosage SSRI is all it takes to unclog the brain and start the healing process. This video shows the thrust and motion vectors: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=HyJHX6MZOWg > Even if every car on the road had the ability to respond instantly to the car ahead, being forced to brake hard still risks loss of control especially in bad conditions Driving on the road is not some kind of high speed car chase. If one had left enough space to the car in front based on the current road conditions and speed one wouldn't have to brake hard. Anyone can adjust their speed to increase the distance to the car on front. Often arguments sound like driving too close or too fast are inevitable facts of life. Right now that's Signal. The same way you could be on Facebook and not being radicalized at all. At the end of the day it's people who chose to be misinformed, who chose to not question, not look elsewhere, not to be skeptic about how content is making them feel. Facebook just shamelessly takes advantage of people's shortcomings, for profit. Is this wrong? Am I misunderstanding anything? I'm genuinely curious. I feel that it's a choice because it's under our control what we do. We chose to believe, we chose to hate, to judge. Believing everything FB puts in front of you in their feed is just lazy. We have to do better than that. Absolutely, it's more than just Facebook but also other social platforms and "news" outlets. And in some countries definitely the political class as well. They struggle with the size of their mobile apps so they've got that going for them For me that's still what it's best at and what it should focus on. "Paper", Signatures, Password, to me that feels like they're desperately trying to find something to not just be a reliable external hard drive for people. Oh and of course their number one ambition, trying to convince me to upgrade to whatever more expensive plan they have. What?!? I have to try that. I hope I can get my codes out of Authy somehow. Looks neat. Hopefully it'll be available on non Apple devices someday. > All data is encrypted even if is stored in iCloud, so you never have to worry about nasty hackers. That looks like there's a word missing or something. Are you implying that the Switch hardware isn't good enough for its games? I have yet to play a game that doesn't run well. Maybe I should try Witcher 3. One day we might see an article like this, marking the beginning of the end. Looking back 1y+ I wouldn't have thought that something so life altering was about to happen, yet it did. I remember news stories about a respiratory illness but didn't think much of it. Now I often read news stories, hoping that that's not going to be the next headline I don't think much of of, but will think back to in a year's time as something horrible that has happened. I think parent is talking about professions where the scientific method is followed. It's not about how "sophisticated" something is. I remember my partners parents saying the same about star fish population around Hornby island. The time frame matches up as well. Do what you want others to do as well. Yes you can't change everything yourself, but as a community you can. This is a problem of individualism. You can't fix that with more individualism. While I don't agree on the premise here. There's never gonna be the one thing solving the whole problem. It's gonna be the sum of a million little things. Don't let good be the enemy of perfect. For many it was the prospect of metadata being sent to WA's big brother Facebook. Personally I don't want anything to do with the FB ecosystem so I deleted my WA account. I didn't have anything against WA per se, I really like the app , just the connection to FB is unacceptable. Obviously not "absolutely every company in America does this", this sounds like an attempt to normalize it. It makes me sad to time and time again learn that the low prices of services I love are unsustainable and instead subsidized by treating someone unfairly downstream. I wish I could be told what the ethical price for something is and I might actually pay it. And if that price is too high, then maybe that service shouldn't exist in the first place. That's right. I don't think I said otherwise. Any reason you couldn't replace "Postgres" with "a database"? I didn't find anything Postgres specific other than maybe "SELECT FOR UPDATE SKIP LOCKED" which you can do without.