It's less a fork and more of an add-on, PC-BSD (now True-OS) is FreeBSD with a fancy installer and a preconfigured desktop. TrueOS server is FreeBSD with their admin tools installed. Kris Moore, the creator, is a member of the FreeBSD core team, the projects are close. Licensing issues make this unlikely, a big reason Lumina was developed is to be able to ship a BSD licensed OS with a GPL free desktop environment. How are either of those negatives? The entrenched parties would have had a list of approved questions to avoid such a mistake, they are all humans and can't be expected to call up every detail of any issue at will. And trespassing/mischief would probably make Stein the most law abiding candidate in generations. He knew about Syria, he didn't immediately associate the word Aleppo with the Syrian situation. He just finished discussing Nader in 2000, the next question could have been about anything and parsing all your knowledge is not an easy task. I care more about the crimes committed than whether the justice system decides to prosecute. This was happening to me, there was some problem with the electricity in my apartment. I can't recall what the electrician said, there were some switches that only 1/4 were working, and if 2/4 had been it would have fried everything. They fixed it in about an hour. From his website > He studied at Yale, where he graduated magna cum laude and phi beta kappa with BAs in History and Literature, and at Columbia, where he was a FLAS fellow in Persian and South Asian studies. The open source drivers aren't configured correctly, Southern islands cards are close to feature complete with Radeon. Turn on DRI 3 and glamor. The author directly addresses this, and hits it dead on with >Most of the unhappiness about Secure Boot is not really about Secure Boot the mechanism – whether the people expressing that unhappiness think it is or not – but about specific implementations of Secure Boot in the real world Maybe the UEFI specification should have implemented a way to distribute keys, though that would have been seen as a way to lock out smaller Linux distros. Maybe the ability to self sign keys should be part of the specs, I'm not sure it isn't, but that adds an additional security risk with fresh hardware. How is this different than every other instance of signing for verification? Are you opposed to package managers, publicly posted hashes, GPG, and even TLS works with the same method. What about it verifying the operating system makes it more prone to being misused? It's protecting users from running unsigned operating systems on their computer, protecting the user from a malicious operating system having full access to their computer. You're arguing against the implementation, which both the author and I agree is flawed, where hardware manufacturers are the only ones regularly controlling keys. >Secure Boot" specifies that this trust should be anchored in manufacturer-designated entities using public key signatures. No, it doesn't. It doesn't specify how the keys should be dealt with at all. The implementation currently has manufacturers controlling that aspect, which the author views as flawed. So you've never heard of Nixon? "Half the muders of Norway" means about 15, at least from 2014 data. A lot of different things could lead to fifteen murders in a year, one person who doesn't like refugees could do it. No, I have no references at all. I'm saying that eleven events is hard to draw meaning from, a wide range of things could cause that to happen and it's not necessarily a sign of a problem. Opposed to Bush's course, which only let Russia start one war. Plus,saying Russia started the Syrian war is a huge stretch, the US had already been involved for years. The guarantees aren't useless due to Obama, the US followed the memorandum and sought UN Security counsel intervention. Russia broke the deal, what do you think the US should do about it? You would never flip a county. You would increase the percentage your candidate wins by or the percentage of the population that voted. It's raw votes that matter in states, and it's much safer to set up in your home turf. If you're getting a desktop for half the price to do your real work, why buy the Macbook? How does being better than an eight year old laptop make it clearly the best computer on the market? So you don't need a powerful machine, but you're still willing to pay a premium for one because it's small with a big battery? That makes even less sense. That source can't get basic details correct, Trotsky spent about a year in New York not a decade. It doesn't even attempt to prove it's big claims. You posted the source and then said "this is a fact and gets hidden because it could cause antisemitism." The source is antisemitic garbage, it doesn't even try to establish a connection between Schiff and Trotsky before blaming Schiff for all the deaths of the revolution. Very, as I said you presented it as a source for your very ridiculous claim. Expecting other's to check it is silly, you're unwilling, and the source gives you no reason to believe it's true. Trotsky was a loyal agent of myself until his death. That's got as much proof as the page you linked. There's a difference between being open to ideas and believing any shit someone says. He accomplished very little while suffering from schizophrenia, most of his work occurred years before he became ill. No, he may have had a disposition towards schizophrenia earlier in his life, but he developed it around 1959.