Stupid requirement that does nothing but discourage the use of other related MS services --- the ones MS actually earns money from. Your vote don't matter --- in half the cases. Half the states are already decided with near certainty. California is voting for the Democratice candidate, South Carolina is voting for the Republican. If you vote for or against the pre-determined candidates in these "one party" states --- your vote don't matter. The only case where your vote might matter is in a swing state. The really amazing (and illogical) thing would be if more than 50% voted. I'm not arguing against all voting. Just pointing why it doesn't matter in a lot of cases. In the cases where it does matter, vote. Google killed Mozilla --- by lulling them to sleep with the promise of easy money --- all while they worked hard to position themselves to take over their market share. Now the easy money is history, and so is their market. They're both "magic fairy dust". Melding code and data into an "object" is a natural thing to do --- in some cases. In others, it creates more problems than it solves. Similar holds true for functional programming. Bottom line --- there is no universal "right way" to develop software. LOL! Did the AI hire a patent attorney to file the application? Maybe the AI would like to sue the patent office to overturn this decision? What was that? Don't be absurd? My point exactly! Open source is only free if your time has no value. Just use Brave. It is more widely compatible with similar if not better privacy. ...if a person's skill can be validated... Just as important as skill is productivity. And both are more difficult to access remotely. Credentials have limited substance in the US labor market. In India they have even less --- in my experience. There is no way to sugar coat this --- India has a credibility deficit in my opinion which translates into additional management oversight required. Because at this stage of the game, "artificial intelligence" is still an oxymoron . It's really just a database developed through trial and error (aka "training") that we "hope" contains enough differentiating data points to produce a reasonable, weighted "best guess". I really think your approach is kinda inside out. The real question is, what are companies in India willing to do to gain credibility? Assembling a "warm body shop" doesn't add much. Pick a problem space to specialize in, assemble a competent team and develop an open source app for it. Then use this as "proof of work" for marketing purposes. You undoubtedly know Indian culture better than me --- what do you think is the most likely response to this sort of selection process? No one understands Indian culture better than Indians. I'm sure the marketplace will reward you with all that you earn and deserve. Best of luck and we'll see you out there. "Open source" is primarily a coding phenomenon. But an operating system is about more than just code. It is the central component of a computing ecosystem. And producing a viable, productive ecosystem requires much more than just open source code. It requires design, implementation, incentive and marketing. If code was all that was needed, Linux distros should be dominate by now. Instead, after 30 years of effort by some of the best and brightest and billions of lines of code later and the result is --- a big yawn from the general computing public. But, but, but Android. Well, Android isn't totally "open source" now is it? Key pieces of the ecosystem are not really "open" at all. And these key nuggets capture the incentive that propels the design, implementation and marketing forward. Bottom line --- it takes more than an engine to produce a best selling car. And likewise, it takes more than charity, good intentions, free labor and open source to produce a truly viable and popular operating system. My answer should be obvious. They are using what they feel best addresses their overall needs. And like the general computing public, their needs extend beyond the availability of source code. Haiku looks like an interesting project. I like the concept and the consistent design, but ... it is still missing one critical feature ... a viable business model. Linux is an example of what to expect without this critical piece. Decades of manhours from some of the best and brightest, millions of lines of code ... and a miniscule marketshare on the desktop. Yes, I know. Linux is most successful where only a shell interface is required. But this is not what Haiku is about. Haiku lacks a lot of features the Linux kernel has, but the overall system architecture and design is significantly cleaner and less fundamentally fragile. Yes, absolutely, spot on. But an OS does not exist on it's own. I'm afraid it will all be for naught unless you (or someone) has a viable business model to push the surrounding ecosystem forward. Dedicated, embedded, custom made, single purpose GUIs where the OS is buried so deep that most users will never find it. Again, not what Haiku is about. Small but still significantly more popular and vibrant on the desktop than Linux --- due to it's business model. It doesn't need one --- as long as it only aspires to be another hobbyist OS with a miniscule desktop user base. Linux was a starting point --- that it's gone well beyond, Please stop moving goalposts. I think we need to re-examine the playing field here. Correct me if I'm wrong but Haiku appears aimed strictly at the desktop as a general purpose OS. Cellphones, servers and embedded systems are all out of it's league --- and thus the success of Linux in these areas is not really relevant to the topic at hand. ...AFAIK would be more than 30M users. I would presume these are more technical users --- with a strong preference for open source. Does this sound like who your product is for? It is all about identifying your target market/audience. I thought DuckDuckGo was the working antidote to Google. It's hard to imagine what they can provide that will justify $10 a month. Just say "no" to Apple --- as most people already do. They have their captives, fans and "subscribers" but for most, their approach is a non-starter and has been for at least the last decade.