Good APIs are like good code. You don't want to get creative. Instead, you want the API to be usable by being immediately familiar. Follow the lead of popular, well-designed APIs (Parse and Twilio come to mind). You should follow a predictable pattern, which minimizes the amount of time required to learn your API. For example, if your endpoints are in the "/[noun]/[verb].json" scheme, then you should stick to that all the way through. I suggest starting out by strictly adhering to REST standards, and then choose areas where you want to be flexible to increase usability (allowing POST calls to be overridden and interpreted as PUT calls, for example). Check out this checklist: https://mathieu.fenniak.net/the-api-checklist/ I can also enthusiastically recommend Apiary ( https://apiary.io ) for designing and mocking up your API. It's absolutely fantastic. PayPal is accepted in the Play Store. Do some research. You've seen GoldenEye too many times. Evil is selfish, not indiscriminate. Terrorists generally want control over some general area (or their own lives). They don't want to destroy human society. Society is what gives them food, shelter, and all the other things people like to have. What you're describing would take not just one person who wanted to destroy all of human society, but quite a few of them. I'm resisting the urge to offer you a tinfoil hat or ask if you're joking. Instead, I'm going to reason through this. The scenario you describe is unlikely. Before such a global catastrophe happens, it's likely that a smaller catastrophe will happen. Like the Titanic, the world will be shocked into preventative action. Governments will make laws. After that, the difficulty in collecting such massive amounts of information will be greater than the value in that information. Even now, requiring proper software security practices would prevent information-theft from being a viable business. You might get the occasional massive haul, but it wouldn't be an epidemic. Vladimir Putin is mad. He has done much madder things in recent months and years. I recommend BillGuard or something similar for anyone who is worried about losing payment information. Also, use/promote http://twofactorauth.org I like Facebook. It helps me keep up with friends in distant places. If you find it to be pernicious and intrusive, don't use it (or use it differently). Don't impose your dislike on others. "Peeing in the pool" is a great metaphor in that regard. Please let me know the URL as well. I'm concerned that the code base is open to SQL injection. I'm not a Python developer, but it looks to me like you're taking input from the user and putting it into queries without filtering it. That said, my nonprofit helps other nonprofits use technology, and ALL of them want a volunteer-tracking system. This is a very useful, worthwhile project. I tried Sublime and Atom and stopped using them because they didn't understand code. Netbeans has been my go-to editor for a long time now, and the reason is because it understands code better than any other editor I've used. It's actually uncanny a lot of the time. I'm going to try WebStorm soon, but at the moment, Netbeans (with some reconfiguration) helps me work the fastest. Edit: to elaborate a little bit, Netbeans does a great job of guessing types and arguments by itself. When it has javadoc-style comments (for any language), then it uses those. The autocomplete is really fantastic. Looks pretty interesting. I like it. I actually think it might have more of a market for planning sprints in Agile development, although having priority + deadline on each story would probably have the same effect. That said, I'd never use this if it didn't integrate with Google Calendar and some widely-used tasks APIs. I've experimented with too many event/task managers to count, and getting it all to work the way I wanted was always kludgy. I now have a perfect setup with Google Calendar, Cal, and Any.do, and my fingers are crossed that those services will last. Your landing page needs examples. I'm about 20% sure I understand exactly what the purpose of this is. Also, something like this should be marketed as, "You know that thing you've been doing the hard way? We're helping you do it the easy way." I don't really understand what it is I've been doing the hard way. If we haven't already been doing something that you're now making easier, you should go back to the drawing board. It's hard to create new behavior. Amazon has outages, too. I'm sure you've thought of that, but don't assume Amazon to be available 100% of the time. You could start out pretty simple: price, comfort, and location. Business travelers, whose companies are paying for their expenses, will care little about price and a lot about comfort and location. Poor college students taking a weekend trip are going to care little about comfort, but a lot about price and location. You don't need many dimensions to satisfy a large percentage of users. Sublime is dead. No one is actively developing it. There's a rich history of piggybacking on dead software, and I (and many others) clicked this link because of that piggybacking. I completely support and admire someone who is trying to further the development of Sublime without having the original code base. Sublime Text 3 Beta was announced in January of 2013. It's safe to call it vaporware at this point. Updating your editor, adding plugins, or changing to a new editor is never an issue of "fully capable" or "good enough". It's always whether there are new ways to save time. Lots of people thought editors were "fully capable" before the "go-to any symbol" functionality was introduced (possibly by Sublime). Now they can't live without it. But besides all that, Sublime has lots of bugs that impact daily work. If it were in bug-fix mode, where plugins were adding new features, that would be fine. That's not the case. Atom is awesome, but I agree that the plugins aren't mature enough yet. Netbeans is fantastic for PHP editing, except the go-to-anything functionality is terrible out of the box. Even after configuring, it's not as good as ST. Other than that, it's excellent. Why? It's very possible I just don't get this. I don't have a CS degree, and I develop backends for web apps. Maybe I'm not the right audience. I'd love to find out why I've needed it in my life, though, if you can explain further. Right now, here's why I wouldn't use it: 1) It makes code less readable. It's anti-sugar. It's not obvious what code using plumb will actually do. This right here from your PHP examples is just insanity: -- $f = plumb(['strlen' __([] , "foo")]); $f(null) === 3 $compose = plumb([[[2 , __(1 , 0)]]]); -- I have absolutely no idea what that does, and in 10 years of writing backends, I don't think I've ever written code that I'd want to replace with that. There are so many brackets and parentheses, it makes my eyes hurt. What if there were 1 nested bracket in the third line instead of 2? If I were scanning for bugs, I might not catch that quickly. 2) It makes code less usable. This is similar to the above, but has more to do with handing code over to someone new. If I were scanning some code and saw: -- count = plumb([len , "baz"]) count(None) == 3 -- I'd say, "What the hell?" And then I'd have to look up what the plumb() function does I thought I was looking at Python syntax, but I'm actually looking at Python + plumb syntax, which takes time for me to learn. 3) It doesn't seem to add functionality. What am I missing here? What task were you previously coding that was so difficult that you decided to create plumb? This reminds me of "PHP functions in [insert other language]" libraries or "OOP for JavaScript" articles. Instead of figuring out how to do what they want in a native way, people coming from another language will try to shoehorn the lexicon they're familiar with into a new language. That hurts readability, portability, and performance. Yes, it sometimes makes sense to add a new "syntax" (in the form of sugar) to a widely-used language. jQuery and its competitors are the only successful examples of that I can think of, though. Again, really, really curious about the reasoning behind this. It seems like you do have a CS degree, so you could probably teach me a thing or two. The "delaying expensive function calls" part gave me more of a clue than anything. I still have to admit that I don't get the benefit of plumb over existing lambda syntax, and that benefit still would have to be weighed against the additional requirement of learning plumb syntax for someone new to my code base. I did read "When not to use Plumb" but, from the example, was looking at a single line. I meant that that single line is difficult to look at and say, "My bug isn't in that line." In the US, the "making it easier" part can make you liable as well. In fact, a huge amount of copyright-related cases have considered this exact issue. Take a look at all the P2P suits, as an example. In my uneducated opinion, I believe this would be similar to YouTube. YouTube allows anyone to upload anything, and they aren't required to preview the content before it is publicly available on their site. However, they must comply with DMCA takedown requests. I think ClickShirt would have to do the same. Anyone can print any image until the owner of the image issues a takedown request. The added wrinkle is that anything being put into the ClickShirt system is from a different website -- it's hosted somewhere else, not on a user's computer. That's different from YouTube, because it's fair to assume that ClickShirt is ALMOST ALWAYS using copyrighted images. Regardless, I think they'll get shut down in the US. This isn't the kind of thing that courts are very lenient about. Neat idea, though. Would be cool if they did a reverse image search on Google to find the largest-available version of the image. No idea if that's available via API, though. One-off t-shirts are expensive. I recently got 8 t-shirts made by Custom Ink, and each one was $40. I didn't even choose the expensive American Apparel shirts, either. Custom Ink is probably one of the more expensive companies (and I chose them because of their excellent customer service), but you get my point.