I remember trying to install and run this 2 years ago. I checked up on it from time to time, but since it seemed dead I stopped following it(although there seems to be code edit that was an hour ago[1]). [1] http://svn.gna.org/viewcvs/etoile/ I think some of this speculation that this man is some cunning, super-intelligent villain gives him, an average human being, too much credit. Honestly, these "theories" are too outlandish to really be about the actions of a mere human being. What is honestly more believable, that he is some "super PR genius" or, perhaps, just had more than he could handle? I was going to suggest I do the same thing. Well, just upload it somewhere for someone else to find...accidentally, you know. I once had a physics professor (who I admittedly was not too close to) who loved mathematica and is quite the evangelist for the tool at my old school. However, he once met Stephen Wolfram and didn't feel that he had "a high opinion" of my professor. Regardless of his ego, he has somewhat earned the bragging rights given that he is responsible for mathematica and wolfram-alpha. I'm eating (cereal though, no meat) and I'm not sure I can continue. Whenever a "New Study Confirms" something, we need to relax for a moment before we throw off the signs and proclaim that we've always been at war with Eastasia. I remember a group that claimed that an experiment had found that some tracked neutrinos had violated special relativity[1], one of the pillars of modern physics, and I too remember the excitement that developed afterwards only to dry up when it was found a faulty fiber optic connection was to blame. It's not like the benefits of breast-feeding is some pillar of modern medicine, but when just one study is accepted to a journal (and I'm sure there are others), it hardly merits a complete rewrite of medical textbooks. Remember, the important thing in science is _consensus_. As far as I can tell, the consensus is that breast-feeding is more beneficial for newborns. So for now, let's trust what the majority of doctors and health professionals have to say. Now, with regards to the article, it offers very damn strong evidence against this hypothesis, especially the controlling for different parents. It would be interesting to see in a couple of years if more studies corroborate the conclusion of no net benefit to breast feeding. [1] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Faster-than-light_neutrino_anom... As a grad student in physics, I'd vote for the inclusion of the Dirac equation or Klein-Gordon (can't put the whole standard model in there) and may be the Einstein Field Equations. Other than that, I agree with most of the list. I haven't heard good things about Black and Scholes, though. EDIT: Oh, and I thought of another. No doubt: [X,P] = i h/2pi Definitely more important than Schrodinger. One could argue that with i^2=-1 and the taylor expansion of sine and cosine and the exponential, one get's that. Those are the sourceless Maxwell Equations I'm assuming in vacuum. The divergence of H isn't zero either (divergence of magnetic field strength is) unless the magnetization is divergence-less. For the reasons you said, I don't think that this is a general algorithm they are teaching. May be it is a stepping stone to get to understanding of what division means first and then they'll teach them long division. Clearly this is an inefficient method for larger numbers, so I don't see how this can be expected to be useful as a go-to algorithm for calculating division. Read the GP's link. You'll see that the COMMON core (despite its name) does not quite do that. It is up to the states and I think even local districts to decide how to implement it. The idea is that a common core is to set up ideas that every student should learn (that's the COMMON part), not _how_ they should learn it. That's a bit of interpolation there. I will admit that we are given very little to work on, just a piece of paper with the algo partially done on it by a child... I'm assuming you think that because of the "10x8" on the side and it could be easily "20x8". It looks like they are teaching it by places, and the 10x_ represents the order of magnitude that is currently being operated, and she was to see how many "8"'s in that magnitude are in the number. That was my assumption, at least. I actually didn't catch that! That's hilarious. I mean, it would seem easier to steal the cargo at the airport before it got on the plane, just bribe a few ground workers, I guess. Steal some passports, hijack, then divert the plane just for cargo? It wasn't the cargo; the only reason to hijack the plane would be either the people or the plane or both. Or, it was an accident. I have to pay self employment tax since I'm a graduate fellow, so I have a larger amount in my bank account than I own. My vote reflects the money I own. Curious, if you don't mind. Are you under $1000 because you have money elsewhere, or is it for more upsetting reasons? I tend to be more liberal in my politics, but I don't think people making "too much money" are a problem. That sounds like envy, to be honest. The problem in America represented by this poll aren't the ~40 people who upvoted >$150k but that the sheer majority have [1] http://money.cnn.com/2013/06/24/pf/emergency-savings/index.h... The gp is implying that they are jealous of a 14 year old. Anyone from Taiwan care to comment?(I'm sure someone from there frequents HN) While I applaud the effort, the only issue here is the sample is restricted only to "Googlers." That's a bit of bias for their sample already. Google is hardly an average company, so the results they glean from their employees might not generalize as well. These guys are assholes, but the issue remains a huge problem. I just hope people can see through the idiots to see that the issue that they are complaining about is real. I starting playing around when I was 14. Now I'm 24. Wow, how time flies. Of course, I have nothing on some of you old timers. That was enjoyable. Save some of the odd "nothingness" talk, it was a fantastic demonstration of the freaking scale that cosmological physics takes. Think, and people have modeled these scales so well, it's hard to freaking believe. One of the relevant issues here is that the top colleges have are essentially a better bet wrt prestige vs. other colleges. The fact that the college educated adult in the US is not as capable as the average college educated adult in a developed country world-wide (in OECD countries, see[1]) to me tells me how there is some truth to this perception. There is no denying that a physicist from Harvard is far above the average in the world, the problem is that if you're not from Harvard, statistics like these seem to imply that you aren't even prepared to be average. The problem here is that the Ivys suck up all the intelligent people and professors and the rest of us are left with less bright people (bright no doubt, but not "Ivy" material). Unless you can make it into the club, you won't be as prepared as your smarter and/or luckier peers. The problem is that we in the US are doing fantastic in raising up the best of us (those who get into Harvard) but the average has obviously fucking languished. Personally, one way I think we can help at least somewhat is for government not to exclusively fund only these Ivys, but to cut off some for the rest of us (you know, judge research by its merit). Other than that, I'm at a loss for ideas It wouldn't be too bad to not go to Harvard if the local state uni wasn't that much worse. [1] http://www.oecd.org/statistics/datalab/skills-outlook.htm Not sure why I was downrated. A rebuttal would be nice.