There is another level to this anecdote, and that is how HN readers respond to it. It seems that some of them identify with Charles, and some with Alan. Some identify because they are or act like Alan and Charles, or they choose the opposite because they had a bad experience with someone like one of them. In other words, in this case the reader identified with Alan because that best describes how that reader works and acts, and they are just instinctively defending their position, even though, clearly, the parable portrays Charles as the better of the two. (Of course, that could be my bias, as I identify with Charles). It's the low latency that works more than the actual trading algorithm. Algorithms eventually get diluated into the market as there are so many of them. So are you suggesting that IKEA is in the philanthropic business of propping up developing countries? At a loss, they will provide local workers with employment, will hire local construction companies to build unneeded crap just to help them out? Really? I know a large part of IKEA's corporate structure is a non-profit organization, but trust me, that is only to evade taxes. This is a giant corporate entity vs. a giant corrupt government. IKEA is complaining against the complicated bureaucratic nightmare that Russia set up so that it would be easier to extract bribes from companies like IKEA. _Technically_ IKEA is one breaking some local construction safety rules. Somehow I don't see Russians re-writing their crappy laws and regulations to suit IKEA. They might let IKEA ignore some of them... but that is exactly where the bribes come in ;-) So far IKEA is going about it the right way -- shaming Russia on the international level. Great idea! After bombing and raping these people for years, let's now kill their ability to communicate by DOSing their cell network. USA! USA! USA! They have built a section of a brain that has 10K neurons and 30M connections between them and they claim all it is needed is to "just scale it". They might be able to scale the number of neurons to the right amount in the near future (many estimate the number of neurons in the human brain between 10G and 100G). But the biggest problem is the number of neuronal connections. Current estimates on the number of synapses in the human is around 10P (P for peta- i.e. 10^15). That doesn't sound as easy as "just scaling it up". It seems most articles and discussions about the brain talk about the number of neurons and how to get enough processing power to simulate them, the way I see it, the bigger challenge is to be able to simulate the connections between the neurons. The worst part about the polygraph (besides the fact that it is pseudo-science, they migth as well be using voodoo dolls), is that it punishes those who are honest and rewards good liars. Over the years, they eventually they end up with a bunch of lying sociopaths. Once millions of people have bad credit scores and bankruptcies in their credit histories, the social stigma of a bad creditor gets diluted. That becomes a self-reinforcing process. The more individuals default, the less defaulting looks bad. I believe that it was social and moral norms rather than clear cut financial analyses that stopped people from defaulting. It seems those moral norms have changed. People have simply lost faith in the system. They don't care about being nice little creditors, wrought by guilt if they overspent or made bad financial decisions, when the government is handing out hundreds of billions to to-big-to-fail banks. Then as if mocking everyone, banks go ahead and hand out tens of millions as bonuses to their CEOs. I cannot see anyone watching this circus feeling too guilty about screwing up and then not paying back $10000. Everyone, wants a bailout. We've been using CentOS in-house but shipping on Redhat RHEL. I imagine that is fairly common. I wonder if Redhat asked the guy to kill the project (for a small compensation of course), so the only available RHEL binaries are produced and sold by Redhat. We would essentially be forced to get licenses for all our testing and dev machine, which is not cheap. This is definetly troublesome and suspicious. > Besides, the problems now at CentOS are administrative. When the lead developer disappears for a month, without saying anything. Another developer leaves, disgruntled. Nobody knows what happens with the money from donations. Those are very serious problems. The kind of problems that kills a project. I am sorry for overreacting in respect to Redhat. I know you guys are great. We use your product. (Although we do like CentOS more for us dev people and for testing, because it saves us tens of thousands dollars ;-) it's meaningless to say that it's a "new beam of light with identical properties." You can think of it as information (bits). The same information that was encoded was decoded later. It is not as if photons are items on the macro scale, that were somehow labeled (for example, photon #134), then disappeared and reappeared and the scientists compared the label and proclaimed that its the same photon (#134). And my business is my business. We used to use CentOS and now we switched to another open build of RHEL. I have nothing against them, they all seem to be great guys, I would have a beer with them. But the image of the project as a whole has suffered, and because of a lack of perceived stability and reliability we decided to switch. Scientific Linux ( http://www.scientificlinux.org/ ), it's maintained by Fermilab and CERN. I hear you. I would rather choose Ubuntu, but we have to be compatible with RHEL since we have to ship our product on it. We need all the dev boxes running something binary and library-level compatible with it, and then it is easier to have all our servers on same architecture as well. I like it. Using '=' for assignment makes less sense than using Of course, assignment is a very common operation and I would rather use 1 char (:) for it rather than two ( However, if the coffee shop is full of people with laptops, not buying any drinks or food, then customers who walk in, hoping to get a coffee and a muffin, will walk out, because there are too many people there, and not enough seats. The goal of the owners is to module the amount of people sitting in the coffee shop. They (the owners) can setup a schedule to simply disallow wi-fi usage and turn the power off on some outlets during certain busy times of day (lunch for ex.) That is a little subversive because it will be perceived as a confrontation. The other way to do it, is to simply ask the patrons to purchase more food and indicate that the coffee shop is struggling financially. Being honest might work a lot better. So if there is a slow car there, what do you do? Does everyone wait behind them until they turn/exit or decide to switch lanes? So the difference is between "left is a passing lane" and "no passing on the right". In other words, it could be the slow car in the left lane that is breaking the law because it is not passing, just staying there, or it is the other cars that pass on the right that are breaking the law. I am sure the police would rather have both -- ticket those hanging out in the left lane and those passing on the right. Win-win for state/local budget! They showed their lack of technical proficiency. CPU caps should be enforced without having to edit partitions, adding ssh keys to users accounts, asking for root passwords, or manually killing Apache. So to put it bluntly they are very nice and helpful, but stupid. I wouldn't trust them with my data. But I can see how some customers might prefer them, as there is always a nice person on the other end of the line... > ... which can be used only in-process, not between processess. You can use them between processes if you use shared memory. This is useful in realtime or any other low latency applications where one reader or writer cannot be blocked for more than a couple of hundred microseconds. It is basically reimplementing the semaphore but it is controlled by the application. There are no system calls, no threads being suspended. Instead of the busy while loop it might be possible to use a fixed count of iterations or a specific timeout value. This is useful but in a very narrow context. Yes, it is implemented by the hardware. In x86 I believe it is the CMPXCHG assembler instruction. GCC, for example has __sync_val_compare_and_swap(...) function that give you access to the hardware compare and swap. > Hundreds of thousands of mostly very smart and highly educated workers who could be starting companies are not. Alright, but millions of Americans could be starting companies as well, but are not. In fact, America is _not_ as an entrepreneurial country with lots of little small business owners as we'd like to think. That is the propaganda bullshit we get fed on every election cycle "we got help America's small business. We gotta help Joe The Plumber...blah...blah." In fact America businesses are mostly large behemoths employing tens of thousands of minions. There was just a recent report from the Center for Economic and Policy Research ( http://www.cepr.net/index.php/publications/reports/int-comp-... ) that compared employment in small businesses among the developed nations. US is consistently at the bottom when it comes to self-employment or employment in business with less then 20 people. The biggest reason -- the high cost of health insurance. So I don't buy the bullshit about "if immigrants could only start their companies, then our economy would boom..." Unless, of course, the author is implying that immigrants are going to run sweatshops where employees don't get health insurance... > But those same startups have to jump through a million hoops just for the right to exist in our borders. > I don't claim to know to what extent our economy could be affected positively or negatively, but it is real. The question then is, who are we trying to help here? Do we want to help the immigrants or the American economy? Unless, we can show how the hassle of immigrants trying to setup startup is seriously damaging our economy, then this starts to look more and more like we just want to provide some convenience for the immigrant workers. Of course, we should provide convenience, and should certainly not make it difficult on purpose, but that is not a top priority. We shouldn't be called xenophobes if we don't push this task to the priority of our things to do at the moment. I agree. This is like trying to fix the high rate of injuries by getting more band-aids. To me it seems the article is advocating changing the legislation to make it more convenient for immigrant workers. That is of course followed by a stern warning to us 'xenophobes' that if we don't our economy will be ruined. They should instead advocate for punishing large corporations for gaming the system, underpaying H1-B employees and depressing everyone else wages. For every 'smart' and 'bright' H1-B visa candidate there are a thousand of unqualified ones, with flaky academic or employment history record. The reason they are here, because they are willing to work for %30 less than Americans are. It's nice to help India's economy, or China or Russia. Unfortunately, US is not in the charitable business of helping developing economies.