Mediatemple. Excellent. We. Yes, Yodlee is crazy expensive and doesn't seem willing to negotiate with startups. CashEdge may be a better option. And, as has been noted, you could handle the top 5-50 institutions yourself which would get you very broad coverage. If you want regular credit card processing, have a look at WorldPay. If you want alternative payment processing, PayPal or Google might be good options. $5 per fax is not cheap. The defenders here are using fairly tortured logic. Startups should spend energy on thngs that matter, not email. No wonder Loopt got left in the dust. Definitely PayPal. Not only should you be able to get 5% + 5c, it also is just rolling out a much better UX for digital goods and more importantly has 200+ miliion ready to pay. This is terrible advice. TextMate...like I'm guessing most Mac users will answer. Kod looks promising. Looks cool, I expect to give it a try. Was leaning towards SimpleGeo. Doesn't look very promising to me. How will you be populating the database? Will this be better than Google, Odesk, Yelp or 1-800-Dentist? It looks far to open-ended to me to be of any value. $20 sounds low. $50 is reasonable. There actually are not too many good providersin this space. The only I can think of off-hand are Phonebooth and Grasshopper. Most of the others are much too cumbersome. DotCloud is interesting but I think I'd prefer a set of comparable Fabric scripts and an AWS account. But that wouldn't be a very good business I suppose. People probably think that Yammer purposefully makes it difficult when the reality is that 1) departing customers are a small fraction of users and 2) it's difficult to prioritize highly a feature to "close an account". I didn't understand a word you wrote. This is wrong. All you have to do is return a "200 OK" and PayPal will stop sending IPNs. You don't even need to perform the validation postback at all. It's completely optional. REST is totally useless since no one really knows wha it means and there are few if any APIs that come close to being "RESTful". REST's proponents, including Roy, have done a dreadful job educating on what REST is. As I commented on the Rdio thread, it would be nice if the complainers actually suggested how the API in question could be designed more RESTfully. I'm just saying the validation is not required. There are different ways to ensure the IPN is valid. Except the guy gave two other examples of impossible-to-search-for Microsoft-given names: .net and c#. No. I always like to do something practical, not a mere exercise. So my first choice is actually building something with a full-stack framework like web2py. You can easily create a db-driven web site in 30 min - 5 hours. I hope people recognize that CL's continuing longevity is because of it's simplicity, not in spite of it. Has anyone actually run in to this problem or is it speculative?