I can think of three reasons universities would do this. First: Universities do not generally take pride in having a commercial "business model" approach. They almost all say education, rather than profit, is their aim. They say they don't charge $x because they want to extract the maximum rent from the market, they charge $x because that's what it costs to provide the course. What better way to prove this commitment to education than to charge much less for a course that costs much less to run? Second: Sony chariman Akito Morito reportedly once said "My job is to make our products obsolete before our competitors do." If online learning is the next big thing, you want to be at the cutting edge of it. You don't want to end up a local bookstore in the age of Amazon, you want to be Amazon. Third: 120,000 people signed up for the first MITx course (only 7,000 people went on to get a passing grade) and the system handled them OK. You can accept much less profit per student when you've got a thousand times as many students. Of course, there are more experiments needed to determine whether they can provide useful credentials people will get their wallets out to pay for - but people are used to paying a lot for university courses. If they made just $10 to $100 per student per course they could be looking at some serious money. Yes, I absolutely expect there will be test centres where students pay to sit the exam in exam conditions. There's no other way to produce credible results. But the test centre would only need to be a tarted up cybercafe. Do you envisage the course material and exam being designed by MIT but the exams being administered by some other party, or would the other party also design the exam (as is the case with CFA)? Not all drones have to be quadrotor helicopters; with a fixed wing drone you can glide over your target with the propeller stopped and make very little noise. Well, when public companies plan acquisitions and mergers, it's essentially always claimed that they're going to make the company they acquire more valuable. You spend $100,000,000 of your investors' money on Nullsoft because you think with you on their side, they'll be worth more than $100,000,000. So it comes as a bit of a surprise when they become worth radically less due to mismanagement - not because mismanagement is unusual, but because mismanagement persists in spite of the large costs. Gladwell's theory, as I've heard it, is that mastery demands 10,000 hours of good quality practice. When your developers cost $75 an hour including overheads, paying people for those 10,000 hours is an extremely costly proposition. The article is poorly written. Points 1 and 2 are about knowing yourself and your own rhythm, making one think the article is about caring for one's own mental health while working long hours. Point 3, however, is about long hours being performed by one's employees. That third point makes it sounds like the article is not about a person who has themselves worked ridiculously hard, but about someone who has cracked the whip over people working ridiculously hard, giving advice to others who want to do the same thing. Understandably, people are a lot less sympathetic to this! When I say $75 an hour including overheads I don't mean a salary of $150,000 - I mean a salary of $60,000 plus tax plus health insurance plus pension contribution plus office space plus a desk plus a computer plus the calls to IT Helpdesk plus the line manager's time plus any commercial software plus other developers' time coaching plus the 20% cut paid to the recruiter plus the HR and payroll people's time plus networking and internet connection plus the backed up storage space on file and mail servers plus the car parking space plus a phone line plus cleaning plus the break room food and coffee. Of course these things are company-dependent, but I'm a comparatively junior developer and for purposes of internal costing my employer costs my time at $75 an hour. When I was in college, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket was eating badly instead of eating well for two weeks. Now I have a regular job, the opportunity cost of a $45 ticket is much lower - I'll have to wait a few weeks until I buy that DVD box set of 'House MD'. So now I can buy tickets that before I could not afford. Have I become a more dedicated Louis CK fan? Or have I just become a richer fan? You know how web developers are constantly bitching about incompatibilities between web browsers and javascript engines? That's how. Well, a lot of recruiters present themselves to employers as helping with their recruitment problems, rather than exacerbating them. The "rational" thing for a recruiter to do is to post fake jobs with huge salaries to jobs boards to get in resumes; and to offload filtering for quality onto clients so as to get more volume through; to shop resumes around clients in descending salary order so lower paying places only get candidates rejected by other employers; and as soon as the contingency fee comes through, to call the employee at work and try to get them to hop somewhere else so you can collect another contingency fee. If all recruiters did this no-one would work with recruiters - businesses only work with recruiters because those recruiters claim they aren't going to act in this ("rational") manner - they claim they're going to look out for the client's interests. For a recruiter to make this claim while simultaneously proving it false shows a bit of cheek, and obviously makes one doubt the sincerity of the claim. If this store sells physical objects which get delivered by mail, isn't it more like a regular online store? I'm not in recruitment myself, and I agree that ideally you want your employees not to leave even when contacted by a recruiter! I assume the idea behind refusing to work with recruiters who have been unethical in the past is to create a disincentive, in the hopes of reforming the economics of recruiting so you can get recruiters who will work with you rather than against you. You'd imagine there would be some recruiters who would aim to behave ethically and to cultivate a reputation for being ethical, as that reputation would be valuable to a recruiter in terms of getting clients. The one time I was job-hunting I saw some pretty unethical stuff - I once had a recruiter e-mail me a programming test along with a solution another candidate had submitted, and almost every recruiter asked for a summary of technical interview questions so they could brief other candidates. I would have thought using unethical recruiters would actively hinder your recruitment process - so there'd be no market for their services. I mean, evidently it doesn't work that way, but I think that's the aim of refusing to work with certain recruiters. I work for a company that uses Google's apps internally. We have less than 1000 users. We get sales and technical contacts at Google with real phone numbers and everything. If you think there's a market for Google's products but with better customer service, you could form a startup reselling Google's products, with you providing customer service and escalating to Google whenever appropriate. Once you have a few hundred users I assume you'll get the same support level my employer gets. To be fair, if your application revolves around producing a tweetspam-filtered copy of Twitter's stream of tweets, it's not really possible to make that twitter-independent. Competitors like facebook and google+ don't really have a spam problem. Perhaps they meant to block Kama Sutra App™, Kama Sutra of Vatsyayana, Kama Sutra! - Manual of Sex, Kama Sutra: Manual of Sex, Kamasutra™, Kamasutra 3D, Kamasutra by Vatsyayana, Kamasutra for iPad, Kamasutra fun, Kamasutra Museum 3D, Kamasutra Museum 3D HD, KamaSutra Posiciones, Kamasutra The Game, Kamazootra, Kamazootra Lite, 101 Positions of KamaSutra, Kamasutra (Deutsch), Kamasutra - Sex Positions Guide and Kama Sutra, KamaSwami, or KamaSwami for iPad. Perhaps it was only through confusion that they blocked iKamasutra. Many websites have adopted the donate-to-see-no-ads model - Slashdot, Reddit, OKCupid etc - but as I understand it none of those have exactly thrived on the donated money. Has it been more successful than I've heard? A lot of people recommend you shouldn't badmouth your previous/current employers in a job interview. Which you can use as a reason not to say why you're not with a previous employer. Personally I'm interested in the design of a many systems - but I can see a case for wanting other systems to present a single well-defined, correctly implemented interface. There was a time when, to make a program with sound, programmers had to handle different sound cards differently. You used to get settings in games to choose whether your card was Sound Blaster 16 Compatible. Were those the good old days, or the bad old days? I'm not sure professional networking is something that can be usefully automated. I mean, a LinkedIn network is to a real network as Facebook friends are to real friends. It sounds like you would enjoy http://folklore.org/ You don't think the leap-hour will be a new millennium bug? When you look at how much people crap their pants over the leap second - a relatively common thing - I dread to think how unprepared people would be for something 3,600 times less common. Let's say I own a business importing widgets. If there's inflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% more valuable. If there's deflation of 2%, the stock I hold just became 2% less valuable. In other words, in a deflationary economy there's less incentive to invest in productive activity and more incentive to stash cash under the mattress. And it's not just held stock that works this way - it's also capital investments like that new more efficient widget-making machine. To be fair, at the bottom end of the market safes are competing against Kensington lock cables and hiding valuables on the top shelf of your wardrobe. If anyone broke into my home I assume it would be a brick through the window then in and out in five minutes grabbing any laptops, jewelery and cash rather than a planned attack with thermal lances and diamond core drills! Of course, within the current justice system it will often make sense to hire an expensive lawyer. You are in a spending arms race with your opponent. The problem is this is a fault of the system. We want a system that produces the fairest outcomes possible, and there's more than one way unfair outcomes can be produced. Under the current system, if I had a patent and Oracle infringed upon it, I would be denied justice because I don't have $100M of cash to pay to litigate. If we had a German-style fixed fee system where any patent dispute could be resolved for a flat fee of (say) $20,000 I would not be denied justice. The rich would not have an advantage over the poor in court. On the other hand, this would deny Google and Oracle the opportunity to spend 5,000 times as much to get the dispute analyzed in (what was presumably) a great deal of detail. Is that a bigger injustice than the fact I couldn't receive justice at all? Personally I see this Oracle/Google dispute as like Bastiat's parable of the broken window - this case represents a net loss to society of $100,000,000+ as surely as if Oracle and Google had broken one another's office windows to the value of a hundred million dollars.