give me 2 ounces of whatever he's smoking... seriously ... hole diggers? are you serious?!? this article is like that idea I get just before I wake up or as i'm soaping my ass in the shower and think it's brilliant. Then I think about it for oh ... maybe a few hours and realize I was a big idiot for even beginning to think that I understood the concepts involved. I then usually eat a sandwich Even large producers of content consume more content than they produce. For every blog post I usually view 10-12 sites/articles/posts myself from external sources. This is news? I usually don't plug anything here but this is directly related to my latest weather startup: http://www.OtherWeather.com Better interface and layout than weather.com (less ads), social influence (each forecast is rated and users ranked), Google map mashup, user profile pages and weather widgets/forecast RSS feed. I just launched, and haven't had the time to promote but check us out. digg, reddit and any other socially influenced news site will always "devolve" into the mainstream and people living closer to the edge will always seek out more focused and intellectually stimulating sources for news and discussion. the networks that understand social influence and are brave enough to see where it can take them are the ones who will survive. Not the ones looking to control and guide the process with 'editors'. this is old, boring and obvious news/content. I get clients online monthly with payment processors and live payment gateways and explain it to them a lot clearer and more concise than this article (and they arent web geeks that read 37signals blog). Good rule; If it isn't Auth.net or Verisign it probably sucks. a little late to the game, but it's pretty sad that it's still happening in 2008 Lots of work is done behind the scenes at Apple/Wired to make articles like this happen. I read recently an article in Wired about MS's Channel 9, where the reporter found out that MS had been researching and courting him and Wired for a long time to assure the article was written and published. They had pages of notes and documents relating to the reporter and has staffed peopled to assure everything went smoothly. /Pay no attention to the PR people behind the curtain best two replies ... ever good piece on NPR a couple weeks back about how small independent coffee shops do better when Starbucks comes to town ... a few guys are actually targeting property next door/near to a Starbucks to open coffee shops (and seeing big profits) maybe Y! canned him because he was drinking too many free lattes and twittering at least 18 times a day. /tongue firmly in cheek mmmm correct, I'm sure Y! encourages social participation and a well caffeinated workforce. Our name was based on established (oldish media) competitors and a requirement to have the main search word/term in the URL (not for SEO but rather to avoid the confusion most 2.0 startup names incur) http://www.OtherWeather.com If it benefits the user to enter real information (or plausible) then you won't have problems with bogus data. Example; social network. If however the email is only the key into the site, expect a lot of temp emails (with confirmation) and bogus (without). If the service is free I've seen as much as 25%, lowest being maybe 8%. If it's paid you hope for 1% and dream of 3-5%. We're bootstraping http://www.OtherWeather.com with some help from a silent private investor (very small money). Would take investment if it was presented, but working on marketing/pr now (yes part time grrr). We could do the ol' VC dog and pony show but we're wary of wasting our time when we could be building value of the site (instead of making PowerPoints and buying suits). I've found that college is great for the 'pluggers' in life. Those kids you remember from high school who asked question after boring question and spent hours on their home work while you spent class time hacking your graphing calculator and spent study hall exploring your high school's network. Sure they got better grades than you, but instead of an A on your test you got a B- and worked 10x less to get it. College is also great for the socially motivated who love to party, 'hook up' and generally spend the entire day trying to sleep the previous night's craziness off and plan for the upcoming night debauchery. how does this "how to" apply to anyone else but himself? How about a website where corporations can submit information on unreasonable-sucky users/customers. They could then share that data and deny you service based on your unreasonable expectations (like compatibility with BETA software used by I'd build that. Who wants to bet, that when solar power becomes as cheap or cheaper than fossil, oil prices will magically plummet with some half-assed explanation as to why. Sort of like the reasons prices are increasing now, just in reverse (except no one will care) “It will lead to what’s known as cloud computing, where people keep all their information online and access it from anywhere,” Oh jees not this again. Doesn't this 'grand idea' come up every 5 years or so and just die when people realize they don't want their photos, personal documents and media stored on some corporate servers (where it can be analyzed, and sold to the highest bidder) Oh and with 50% of Americans still on dial up, I don't see this super fast kick ass Internet taking over anytime soon (not when there's money to be made selling small incremental speed bumps over many years similar to how cell service has evolved here) Pretty standard puff/PR piece but the "install under Windows" thing is pretty cool. The most interesting part: "MADD is heading the opposition, .. arguing that the 21 law has saved more than 20,000 lives. Choose Responsibility disputes that figure. Other factors, it says, have also contributed to the decline in deaths, and fatalities among under-age drunk drivers have fallen by only 13%." And those factors are? I'm not saying the 21 law is responsible but what is the debate here? I suspect when you mentioned "Africa" you didn't mean http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Africa ? SA is pretty modern, stable and has some money (middle income) although it is not free from problems (like any country) You don't value your own company, value is set by the market, and in this case the market said 20 mil. Will it increase or decrease depends on the actions of Xobni and the market. The arguments that the founders "know their potential value" better than us is completely irrelevant. Don't you think MS investigated the company first, it's offerings and it's future before making an offer? I own a startup and think it could be worth billions someday... does that make it so? Does this help? http://www.anddev.org/first_android_hardware_development_boa...