Assume you accept his argument that the open source process is such an advantage and that the market is efficient enough to punish companies who use open source code but don't reciprocate. Why then isn't the market efficient enough to punish those companies who have an irrational fear of the GPL (and therefore refuse to take advantage of the majority of open source code)? This appears to be his only stated problem with the GPL, and I thought the GPL is anti-business meme would have died long ago given the continued success of Linux. Quote from Chris Blizzard: "The proposed spec [...] is a pretty light wrapper on top of OpenGL ES 2.0, with some changes to support some JavaScript pleasantries." http://www.0xdeadbeef.com/weblog/?p=1207 So it's more like a port than a new standard. I'm also not sure how much your complaint applies to HTML 5 since that was originated by browser vendors wanting to standardize the new stuff they were already implementing and to reverse engineer and then compatibly implement how old stuff was implemented in Internet Explorer. I think the issue here that he is referring to (obliquely) is the disagreement on video codecs. So to take your img example it would be analogous to a specification for img where Firefox was supporting PNG (but not GIF) and Safari supporting GIF (but not PNG) and IE supporting neither but Microsoft is at the same time pushing a closed source browser plugin that can show images in a Microsoft proprietary and patented format that sits outside of HTML. That would be a "sad web" too, even if it technically had images. He's not (imho) against the video tag in any way, just pointing it out as an example of the (inherently) political squabbling and consequent craziness that surround standardization in a multi-billion pound market. That's a standard free-market, laissez-faire take on things, but not entirely accurate. The usual IT factors of lock-in, path dependency and network effects have their place. As does the frequently underestimated, yet monumental task of getting effective interoperation even when all parties are willing and able to do so (neither of which is generally the case). Minor browser engines such as Webkit, Gecko and Opera can't change the market much on their own. They need to be interoperable to some degree for people to start using their additions to the standards on the wider web. HTML5 (nee WHAT-WG) was initially those browser vendors coming together to work on exactly that. You give Canvas as an implementation before standardization example, yet it was far more iterative than that with Apple's original implementation (for use in the walled garden of their widgets) being presented for standardization with the explicit idea that it was good for Apple if there were interoperable implementations out there. It's a pretty good example of Co-opetition. ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coopetition ) I don't understand why "SQL caching" means bypassing Rails. I mean if you do whole page caching then you bypass Rails, after the first call. But if you're only caching the SQL call then you still need something to format it into HTML, which I'm guessing in Twitter's case is Rails. You're also conflating Ruby (the language) and Rails (the web framework). Your assumption here is that Bill Gates was born with "off-the-charts intelligence, business savvy and entrepreneurial drive" and nothing about his upbringing affected this in anyway. I think even the strongest genetic determinist would have to concede that's not true, which throws doubt on him even having these qualities if he'd been born and raised elsewhere (ghetto, communist state, refugee camp etc.) Do you have a link to these stats? I don't think most people in the UK would even know what an home invasion is (I know from Ice-T) and Wikipedia claims it is notoriously hard to get stats this topic since it's not a defined crime in many jurisdictions. If you take a step back from this you realize that the news industry is the middlman. People want the info or news, prior to the web you needed printing presses or a tv station to deliver it. This concentration of power has led to all sorts of power-crazed idiots getting involved to push their viewpoints and crowd out their opponents. To add insult to injury they make all their money from providing eyeballs to advertisers leading to the same race to the bottom you see happening online. A great deal of this is similar to the findings on management and creativity and/or stress and creativity. Stress kills creativity because it creates a chemical reaction that forces your mind to focus intently and over-rely on previous experience. This might help if you need to run away from a bear, but might hinder if you're trying to solve a tricky problem that requires exploring and potentially letting go of assumptions. Similarly it's very tricky to "manage" creativity or any task where you can't specify and measure either the process or the outcome (preferably both). You may sadly realise this covers most white collar work but it only really gets talked about in relation to obviously 'creative' things like advertising and R&D. The basic of management there is "don't", though there are some things that help such as "clan controls" where you hire people with a particular value set (e.g. scientists or open source programmers) and encourage them to be evaluated, outside of work, by their peers. It might be worth pondering a comparison between an leading advertising agency work areas and Google's famous playgrounds. This guy proposes that the bits of the company that can be managed traditionally (sales, clerical workers) thrive on (or are even addicted to) continual stress and this causes a hidden rift between them and the programmers (etc.) who absolutely require at least some time in the stressless mindset in order to do their job. It may already be too late, PHP on the JVM: http://www.caucho.com/resin-3.0/quercus/ Note, I know nothing about the project, just first result from Google. I knew something existed because I'd read about IBM's Project Zero, but I think their implementation of PHP on the JVM (called P8, iirc) is closed source. One of the comments claims it is called a Tuo Quoque (You also) Fallacy. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tu_quoque The bit at the start, with him rolling square blocks reminded me of this video of a bike with square wheels: http://www.youtube.com/watch%3Fv%3DLgbWu8zJubo How is the validator gem used in rails? I'm thinking of starting a rails project and I'd like to validate every single produced page, every time it's produced. I'd assumed the best way to do it would be cache the output and run the validator 'offline' but I couldn't find any rails or rack projects that do this. I liked the bit about unspecified failure modes in HTML 4. Very important point, though I feel somewhat sad that such persuasion is necessary. My way of looking at it is: you're trying to produce a certain kind of output that is externally specified and there are available 3rd party tools that can validate it. Why wouldn't you automate testing? Are you reviewing this as a startup idea? Your response seems a bit harsh for an open source educational charity. One benefit of open source is that Qimo could disappear tomorrow and others could carry the torch and build on anything of value they produced. I use OS X myself and am aware that they have a simplified Finder for kids and old folks, but I see value in having something to put on old junker machines for kids, particularly younger ones that are more likely to spill paint on them or whatever. You're right that the web is important for accessing the widest range of material. The only real knock that Linux has from the point of view of web kiosk for kids is the lack of shockwave plugin that some older content on e.g. the BBC kids sites uses. Also, did anyone else think that Qimo sounds too close to Chemo (as in therapy)? No. This is a neat hack but is so narrowly applicable it's not worth bothering about for most folks. You ask designers for input but I think it's an engineering choice to use simple and straightforward technologies you (and colleagues) fully understand rather than meddling with neat hacks, particularly if you're deploying out to the user browsers, which is a quagmire even if you're not getting too fancy. Of course if you're in an environment where images are impossible/banned for whatever reason (and you can't use proper CSS gradients) then this technique could make you look like a magician, but I can't think of such a situation off-hand. This is a fascinating topic (HTML5 allowing web apps on phones and similar devices to become richer and provide an alternative installation route than the App stores controlled by platform owners) but this article is vague, desperately seeking conflict, and has a troll-y headline. This is another example of what-aboutery, but relevant I think: Anyone remember the guy who testified to congress that the US Embassy in Iraq was being built with the exact same kind of slave labor as is apparently common in Dubai? His testimony: http://oversight.house.gov/documents/20070726115247.pdf quote: "My statement will address labor abuse, human trafficking, and other concerning issues that I personally witnessed at the construction site of the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad" Another source, with a similar story. http://www.antiwar.com/ips/phinney.php?articleid=9919 It's a bit of a misleading title, it's not all about procrastination and it's not much of a howto either. It's about how you can do many things better than standard economics would indicated if you take into account the irrationality of human beings. For example, everyone leaves reports to the last minute. Commiting to earlier deadlines makes no sense to a 'rational' human being, but can help actual human beings. Here's a link to his research paper on this topic: http://www.predictablyirrational.com/pdfs/deadlines.pdf And his book site: http://www.predictablyirrational.com/ And if (when) the client changes their mind? Eric Meyer talks about the neat CSS used to generate the graphs from tabular data here: http://meyerweb.com/eric/thoughts/2009/04/07/findings-of-the... It's a vote. So if you've got an account and have edited more than 25 times then go take part. Can anyone point to some more info on this? I was excited to hear about it when it was first announced but it seems to have gone awfully quiet. Are the ARM developers just not big bloggers? It seems there's a fair amount of work in bringing up a distro to target the various ARM hardware out there so it would be good to hear an overview from someone in the know. Unfortunately Microsoft can easily take the hit for sums that seem astronomical to ordinary people (or even ordinary businesses) and then turn round and use that as justification for their own patents. Just like when it gets fined hundreds of millions by the EU, it can use these numbers to elicit sympathy, while I'm sure internal calculations show greater profit from ignoring the law or playing the patent game, even after subtracting these costs. After all if they didn't profit from it, then they probably wouldn't do it. "I hear how we are to release early and often, which means less testing". In the parlance of our times: You're doing it wrong.