> They pay VAT for sells in your country. It doesn't matter if it's consumer or a company paying the tax, the amount is added to the price. If you want them tax then increase that. VAT is tax for consumers, not corporations. > Why do you feel entitled to profits of the company that isn't based in your country? Because those profits are made from sales in that country, and every physical company selling in that country pays their taxes, just because Internet-based companies can avoid having a physical presence to perform their sales (Amazon still has warehouses), doesn't make them exempt from the same logic. Are you aware that "the government" changes every ~5 years and the majority of recent French Presidents and their parliaments have been on different political spectrums? There is no "they". So what Sarkozy's government was doing was radically different than what Hollande tried to do in the first part of his mandate (he rolled back quickly when he saw it's not making anything better), and it's also different than what Macron is doing. At least the last one is actively trying to improve on tons of things, including what you're bitching about - regulations. You're so far behind. They rebranded Lync to Skype for Business, which at least looked like regular Skype, trying to target younger people, but really sucked. Then they abandoned SfB and now we're on Teams, which imitates Slack and integrates SharePoint and all that shit, but works relatively well even if it's UX is pretty poor, there are bugs and it's cloud-only, contrary to the old SfB. GDPR and the California law inspired by it. And not everyone lives in the US. How much do you think it costs in USD for an app developer in a developing country to create an app, and how much is that $99/year as a percent of yearly income? > but they will still prosecute individual soldiers when they feel like it, e.g. Graner and England for Abu Ghraib, but obviously not for war crimes And were they brought to justice and sentenced for their crimes? No. A sham trial isn't sufficient for war crimes. Don't worry, nobody actually trust the FAA anymore. It will take decades to undo the damage. > The industry was very heavily regulated globally before Chernobyl and Fukushima, but look what happened Gross incompetence and huge design issues 40 years ago on one hand, and complacency+incompetence that required a huge natural disaster to pose a problem, and even then it resulted in less death and destruction than the evacuation, the natural disaster itself or your regular fossil fuel power plant? Not sure that's a good example. I'm sorry, but from a neutral perspective (i'm not American), but what's the problem here? He was(probably still is) a science denier or egotistical ( knew there was an issue but thought it won't impact him during his lifetime). Yes, he deserves for his house to burn down as a lesson, and if he had burned with it it would have maybe taught that lesson to other idiots in power refusing reality. Natural selection. No, the real problem with WordPress is security and code quality of plugins, of which you require a lot. You could have just used the same Hugo version as initially. It's a moving project and yeah, there have been a lot of changes, with some breaking ones (usually for good reason). How so? Incentivising people to help (via PR) is great. It's like incentivising people to donate blood or similar "everyone benefits" scenarios. (Yes, of course, blatant spam doesn't help anyone and is disgusting, I'm talking about in general) How are they different as long as they are not spam? Good contributions are good contributions and help, regardless if there's a crappy t-shirt or not in exchange for them Isn't it worst off? It's a meaningful contribution worse off. Do you take the same stance with people who are paid to make OSS contributions? At this point, as a non-American, i feel like you people accepting to have a credit rating system is ludicrous. It's fundamentally broken, has been exposed multiple times, requires gaming to work in yiur favour ("open a credit card as soon as you can, pay little things with it and pay it off immediately to beef up a good score") and brings nothing to you , the people. For comparison, in France, the national bank keeps a record of all loans anyone has taken. When you apply for a new loan, the bank will check with the national one your history, and decide based on that to lend or not, and inform the national bank of their decision. I suppose Americans can be afraid that "the government" will know their loan history in such a system, but it's not like they can't currently ask and het that information, and they're still more trustworthy than commercial companies that don't care about you ( their clients being banks and companies) or your data beyond their sales. But it's not like anyone on the US would dare to destroy a profitable industry. No, the FBI already said, "antifa" is not an organised group or movement, so you can't label an idea/ideal/goal "terrorist". Seems to work great in the US, where the nutjbobs with guns and "muh free speech" are at the forefront of fighting against democracy and defending the party and officials doing the most to harm it. And even if Google did do the same kind of shit with Android, it has an open source base, and there are distributions ( LineageOS to name one) over which Google has no control whatsoever. > The US Constitution does protect Americans from the federal government, though, far more than almost any Western nation Citation needed. ( And don't forget, there aren't that many federal Western nations, so the entire argument is close to nonsensical) > .com, .net, .org, .edu, and .gov are very much US-based and US-centric TLDs, .com, .net and .org weren't created as US-centric and it's a tragedy they are ( and it's an even bigger tragedy that .edu is US only). .org is widely used around the world though. Check out the Suez Canal, nationalising foreign assets is perfectly fine according to international law ( of course, subject to conditions). And what kind of imperialistic argument is that? A sovereign country managed to get rid of foreign control, nationalised foreign assets that were exploiting their natural resources and shipping off the the profits offshore ( the original concessions being given while Iran was under UK control), and they're the bad guys and deserve a bloody coup? Again, check the Suez crisis, that's not how the world works anymore ( most of the time). India is nuclear heavy, China has a serious nuclear focus and is actively decarbonising, so what are you talking about? Various African countries can be helped to pick/prefer carbon-free energy options. You can check out Drone.io. It's based around plugins, which are basically Docker containers which accept env variables for configuration and a volume with the code (which Drone clones from git). You can easily write custom plugins in any language you want, test them, and run them locally outside of Drone with little configuration. There are way too many CI tools out there, covering myriads of use cases and niches. Jenkins doesn't do anything better than any other tool. The Guardian. They're good quality, have great investigative journalism, and seem to care about things that actually matter ( e.g. environment and climate change, Panama Papers, Snowden, etc.)