What do you think a formal language is if not mathematical? Researchers invent little languages to distill the problem to its simplest components so its solvable, and then they generalize to other domains, if possible. That's how math is done. Completely disagreed. There is a lot of language creation , but little language innovation . Ruby, Python, Perl, Lua, JavaScript are essentially all the same language. Java and C# are the same, and very similar to the scripting languages just adding static typing. C++ is similar to the previous 2, just removing memory safety. What was so innovative about any of these languages? They are the same old imperative OO paradigm that first appeared in Simula and Ada back in the 80s. Examples of languages that are innovative are Mozart/Oz, Haskell, Alice ML, Coq, Agda and Mercury. These completely redefine what it means to program, and all of them were created in the last 15-20 years. And if you think there haven't been great strides in each of these domains, then you're simply not familiar with them. > How's that stateless, then? The protocol is stateless, not necessarily the application and/or session. The state is serialized to/from the client as needed. > If it's really stateless, that replay can't _do_ anything. A stateless pipeline may front a stateful backend. An application commit point may be reached which should invalidate all possible previously valid requests. It's definitely a necessity. > You really have to wake up, guys. Wake Up. It's not you, who are spending your lives looking over your shoulders. It really isn't. So. Whilst I do not agree it was the best of actions, I wholly defend the right of anyone to take it. And will therefore stand by them if they do. I just want to highlight that you're supporting an exaggerated public shaming for people who were just exchanging words in a semi-private conversation. Not even particularly offensive words at that. Words that are and were clearly misconstrued. And you defend this behaviour because many women suffer sexual abuse? Tell me, should preachers be forbidden from speaking in public because some people were caned by priests as children too? Should visible minorities be cautious around everyone because some people have been mugged by black men? Joking around is immature, particularly sexist and racist humour, but it's not irresponsible. Suggesting that public witch-hunts are the way to solve these problems is just plain irresponsible. > If you're implying that "easier to reason about" for a compiler is equivalent to "easier to reason about" for humans, I think that's a fallacy. It's easier to reason about for the developers who are writing the compiler transforms, ie. humans. Well, as but one example, computer crimes are more harshly punished than in the past, and sometimes get harsher sentences than causing bodily harm. EFF's link to its previous story is broken. > (what serious attempts have been made to shut down Wikileaks)? Shutting down payments was a serious attempt [1] [1] http://rt.com/news/wikileaks-lieberman-king-mastercard-visa-... > Governments have a legitimate need for secrecy in some situations. If FBI investigations of white collar crimes were posted on a public website, for example, there would be a dramatic rise in both flights and wire transfers to Belize. I think this argument is based on a strawman. The 'secrecy' most people assume and that the government wants is 'keeping secrets indefinitely at their sole discretion'. The 'secrecy' needed by your or any other scenario is merely a time-limited secret, ie. that all information must be released publicly once investigations are completed. The former is intrinsically harmful, the latter shouldn't harm anyone. DDoS hardly cause damage, just loss of revenue, yet they carry very stiff penalties. > I could be in the minority, but to me, our society has become very desensitized by sharing with Facebook leading the charge. There's a difference between people voluntarily sharing information with a third-party, and having that information forcibly gathered without your knowledge. There has to be a line. > String is very much in the "leave data alone" mindset, baring its guts as a [Char]. Now you're stuck: you can't change its representation, you can't easily introduce Unicode, etc. You're conflating the fact that Haskell had poor modularity when it was first conceived and String first defined, with the claim that only OO can provide the necessary modularity. Clearly ML modules provide and always provided the necessary modularity to abstract over string representations, but there's no OO in most MLs. And now with support for ML modules as first class values, we don't need objects for modularity at any level of programming. > The big advantage of OO is that it acts as a distillation of how humans think. We're accustomed to thinking in terms of 'things that do stuff'. Let's not confuse "how humans think" with "how humans ought to think to self problems effectively". There is little evidence that OO is any better than other principled approaches to programming. > Yeah i just see Go as an alternative for web technologies I don't see any web technology Go could replace. Not even dynamically typed langauges. > The era of unrootable devices, unbreakable DRM, and inescapable walled gardens? No such thing. There is no protection once someone has physical access to the hardware. > Haskell is a garbage collected, lazy, pure language which makes it unsuitable for many of the domains C-style languages are used in. Don't be so sure! [1] You could simply use Haskell as a metalanguage to generate a C program that does what you need, just like they did with copilot. No Haskell runtime needed. [1] https://github.com/leepike/copilot-discussion I think you mean GHC's type system, since Rust is arguably quite close to Haskell 98 in spirit, ie. algebraic types, lambdas, pattern matching, traits = single parameter type classes. These days you're better off with Minix 3. It's documented much better, with a book to boot, it's a much better microkernel than Mach, and it has a lot of activity around it. > The end goal of having a .Net project be compile-able on Windows, Linux and Mac is going to be awesome. Except msbuild can't easily support builds across different version of .NET on the same platform. I hate digging into its needlessly archaic build files. > The single people strongly resented that because they felt they were being forced to work harder for the same pay since they made different life choices. That's funny, because your life choices always determine how hard you have to work for the same pay in every other context, so why not this one? For instance, try making the same income after committing some crimes. "Computer" is a very general term. Most computers people use on an everyday basis aren't running Windows. For instance, all of your tablets and phones are Android or iOS. Windows phones are virtually non-existent, and Windows tablets are more common, particularly for businesses, but not as common as the corresponding consumer tablets. So PG was right in a strict sense, but not if you narrowly take "computer" to mean "desktop" or "laptop". > I often wonder if the whole idea of "typing" is the wrong decision in language design, if we shouldn't come up with something better. Not sure what you mean by "better". A "type" is a proposition about the program. You can't get more general than that. Any static checking system will have an interpretation in terms of types, so it's hard to see what could possibly be better than a type system. There are just different type systems with different properties. > at least some of which--specifically information concerning intelligence operations the NSA conducted against Huawei-- we know for a fact he shared with them. Where is the evidence of this alleged fact? > He claims (with no way to verify) that he did not give them any classified information. Innocent until proven guilty. > If he had stayed in the United States, he would have had a trial. Very debatable. > Also, including time without instructions is almost pointless in the real world as Ikea ships instructions. Not pointless, they were testing consistency with past results on differences in gender-based spatial reasoning.