University has never really been about real world application. The professors and lecturers that i've encountered are really smart people on the cutting edge of thier fields, if they wanted to lecture about these technologies tey would have no issues. University is really about teaching you the principles which rarely change much, then depending on your course building up to more real world situations. Theres no point focusing a whole course around the newest technologies then having someone not have the flexability to adapt to new changes or work in an older area. they could just captcha the poll, it's not like they really need the random votes of people to lazy to fill it out in the first place. seems like ip authentication is useless now because of the amount of proxies avaliable to people. I'm guessing that this wouldn't be competitive in the market at a higher price point? From a personal viewpoint if I was going to pay for a backup service i'd be open to paying more. I guess free alternatives would make that hard to be a competitive business move though? For many startups I don't really see a great advantage to a formal office setup in the in initial phases. In the current climate where funding is had to come by solutions like this make a big difference. Even if it is good enough, the perception of what is good enough is constantly changing. At a point in the past the steam engine was probably considered good enough. I think it would be a dangerous thing for the technology industry to fall into the trap of thinking what we have is good enough and killing innovation. Even if the product is good enough there has to be a driving force to constantly improve. There is lots of possibility for computing that just isn't attainable with current machines. Things that probably weren't even thought of when we were back a stage from where we are now. Seems there were many advocating real estate as a safe investment during boom times. Just goes to show that there is no such thing as a safe, high growth investment. Gauging by my mostly non tech inclined friends list the average person is only interested in quizzes and top5 lists in terms of apps. Still considering giving facebook a try for promotion of the site I'm working on but don't hold high hopes for a lot of traffic coming from it. Any information source as rich and as useful as this would be impossible for the indie iphone developer to obtain for a decent price or free. Apart from social networking based information which would be a very competative market on the iphone already. I think the real money for the indie developer is in casual games. At the time though the things that were happening with the internet were all largely new concepts. New graduates who had been studying heavily web based technologies would have had the advantage over an older person who may have come from a DOS background. These day's although still evolving I would say web based technologies are a lot more stable. Unwritten hacker news law that every coding horror post has to at least get a mention. For someone like myself that hates working with flash but likes JavaScript i'm glad things like this are being made. This is one of the ares which will really pay off from the new wave of browsers competing to create the best JavaScript engine. Unless specifically stated otherwise most major sites would be tracking and storing IP addresses. I have been using the prototype based one. Good to have something like this around if I look to try and standardize everything in JQuery later on. We should see this for what it will most probably be. One step on the path to creating a search engine which understands and computes your question based on the sum of all knowledge on the internet. I think it can rival a structured dataset if it is done correctly. The big advantage that google has, and I know there was a paper they put out about it a couple of months ago, is that they have access to such a large source of data that they can use a great deal of sources to weed out the noise by only using the stuff that appears over many sources. Then you could also assign sources a reliability rating based on how acurite the information they provide is compared with other reliable sources. Kind of like a new pagerank but for data integrety. I'd pay for my hotmail mainly because it's an established mail account that's used everywhere plus I like what they have done with the windows live mail program. I'd probably pay for a lot of other random small sites to if a single micro payment provider got universally supported. 2 javascripts running the same algorithm with slightly different performance might not actually make a large difference in who ends up winning, or you would see lots of draws just because in the alloted time examining a few but not a lot of extra moves and probably no more moves ahead might not help much. There is of course though a fine line between going the extra distance for a client and being taken advantage of/ underpaid. Sounds like more of an indicator to me, so they can go talk to the person if the red flags go off. On there size scale many people would probably slip through the cracks if they just used a regular method of trying to get to know all the employees that work under them. Can't say I've ever had a problem paying a decent amount for a book. Never been a fan of ebooks either. I think we'd be in a lot of trouble if most traditional journalism disappeared, so much blog information is just opinion on news generated by traditional journalism or opinion pieces. While in the web company area that hacker news covers this may not be the case a lot of blogging is. This idea is about as old as google itself. I find the fees for recieveing payments from ebay auctions kinda stupid. Just eBays way of hitting you twice. Wordpress defiantly encrypt there passwords in some unreversable format using a salt. I don't think SSL is really necessary for a community site like the wordpress one. It can also work the other way though, relaxing during senior year could put you in the wrong frame of mind entering college and result it you not putting the effort in there either.