The specification for this standard, along with the fields, lengths and meanings are in this document: http://www.iata.org/whatwedo/stb/Documents/Resolution792_Jun... Also W/m^2 Really? Mini-hell? He posted a request for the author to take it down, the author agreed in the very first reply to this request, and as far as I can see, it was acted upon in less than 12 hours. The flap that followed was a disagreement about the style of Zed's request. A semantic argument, which is pretty far from an ongoing personal torment. I'm not defending Martin, by any stretch. I'll agree with your assessment there. On the other hand, I don't think Zed should be particularly surprised by his reaction. Nor do I think he's ignorant to its cause. I've had power transfer switches fail more than once. Just because you have a redundancy available doesn't mean you are reducing failure points in the system. "Maybe some people had pointed out the problem and the fix before.." How modest. Or, run egress traffic shaping. Put a hard limit on the upload rate from your PC to your device, put this at about 98% of your actual "line rate." Problem solved? You do the egress shaping at the router, not on each individual machine. And you shape the entire interface, not individual traffic flows. As far as jitter in the outgoing rate, that's what the buffer is there for. What shaping helps you avoid is: a) filling the buffer and those side-effects and b) prematurely filling the buffer at a high rate while the rest runs at a low rate. I've been doing this in my home networks for years, and this is exactly what egress shaping does for me. The local router drops packets, the internal clients back off. The reason he had those problems, I'm guessing, is that he never setup traffic classing filters. Generally, I've never run _just_ TBF/HTB + SFQ. I've always run them hierarchically, HTB on the top interface, then several HTBs feeding into that one. Each of the lower HTB queues has a different amount of "flow" allowed to it. Once you approach it this way, it all works rather nicely. As the multiple queues allow you to spread bandwidth, but also priority into the higher level queue. I can run telnet/ssh sessions during a torrent swarm with no issues. In my experience, they're available as soon as WBEZ finishes airing them for the first time. They don't have battery backups? The rate card can change as often as the ratings are released. From an "old media" perspective, pricing is pretty volatile. I'm not entirely sure what you're trying to accomplish, but the USPS TIGER database can (sometimes) be useful in this area: http://zip4.usps.com/ncsc/addressmgmt/tiger.htm It depends.. if they're issuing /64's, they're actually issuing networks, not host addresses anymore. I'd rather not have my entire network be renumbered every 6 hours when my DHCP updates. Precisely.. I'd also like to know under what circumstances this would actually be used, and be a useful safety feature to have implemented. At the very least, there should be a significant warning in the cockpit when "dual input" mode is active. That is an incredibly dangerous "feature." What? The attackers had an easier time because hijackings didn't usually involve flying into a building / killing everyone on board. Prior to 9/11 most hijackings were about taking hostages, flying to a friendly country, then awaiting your ransom. As a passenger, your job was just to sit tight, don't do anything stupid, and wait for the resolution. The hijackers didn't have to socially engineer anything, they just relied on the assumptions of the time. After 9/11, passengers got more aggressive. The shoe bomber and the underwear bomber were shut down and restrained by alert passengers. I would typically agree with you; but the thing that I have really enjoyed in the transition to iproute2 is that ip handles all of: link state, address configuration, arp, tunnels, routing, transformation and a few other obscure things. It brings these together into one tool and unifies the argument syntax for all of them, I find it much easier to play with the network stack using 'ip'. If it's about violations, or money, I can't strictly tell; it's one of those things that depends on who you talk to: http://lwn.net/Articles/475901/ That they use the money for "good things" is great; however, if you're trying to get greater compliance then perhaps this approach is flawed. If they're placing too high a monetary value on non-compliance with the license, then you could easily see why these companies would push back and seek these types of alternatives; or flat out deny the use of (L)GPL software in their products entirely. In the end, this is probably the opposite of what the SFC intended and may result in the loss of their greatest legal tool. I think the problem is that you honestly believe that he was genuinely telling people that they should die. It's an expression, and not terribly uncommon, either. Leadership doesn't require politeness. Fairness is probably what you really want. Sorry to be snarky; but, compare $0 (Audacity) to $225 (reaper), $500 (cubase), $600 (vegas), $130 (Propellerheads). Not an uncommon story, I suspect.. but, Roger? You can.. at least I do with UPS all the time. It's called "hold for pickup." You put your name and phone number on the package, but use the address of the UPS shipping facility itself. When the box arrives there, they give me a call, let me know it's waiting, and that I have 5 days to come pick it up. Yea.. I do have to drive to pick it up, but at least I'm not at the mercy of the driver's schedule. Once it's there, I can get it when it's convenient for me.