"Moreover, you're forced to write artificially short routines, routines of a length that research has shown to have a higher defect ratio" [citation needed] So far I've only seen advice to write shorter routines. Oh, no, no more ads please. I will gladly pay just not to have something taking the real estate of my screen and trying to interrupt. I am with 37signals take on this: asking money for your work IS ok! http://www.37signals.com/svn/posts/1615-how-did-the-web-lose... And before jumping either to CSS hacks or CC remember that often there are ways to avoid hacks altogether. As Andy Budd once told at his talk at @media conference in London it is so sad that too many webdevs think that CSS hacks is the normal way to do things. They are not. Instead of thinking "what hack shoul I use to fix it?" one should first think "how can I rework it to fix it in IE without hacks?". When there are no hacks there is no problem of "where do I put my hacks in?" to solve. I think I have used only one hack: _width to solve broken box model in IE5 (which is no longer relevant. And I don't count setting display: inline on float to avoid double margin bug in IE6 as a hack.) I just wonder how many 5 years business plans written in 2007 had "the global financial crisis" item in them. So much of planning. Flying with your eyes covered by a paper with some wishful thinking on it isn't any better. What? Some random guys put nonsense like "37 signals is not committed blah blah blah" and 37signals should be polite with those bastards? And in case you missed the news, 37signals' main income is not ads on their blog, they have pretty successful web app business. Posting that for "generating page views" sounds ridiculous if you know at least a bit about the company which posted it. For startes GetSatisfaction accused 37s of not caring for their customers. Publicly. I think it takes a malicious amount of ignorance to come up with the text they did. And this is hardly an open letter, reads more like PR spin. I think they've missed "Internet Explorer 8.1 leaked": http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/03/31/breaking-internet... Though technically that would be March 31st fools… Far from it. Daring Fireball—best writing abbout all things Apple you can find on the net. When I see DF post marked with a star in my RSS reader I know that high quality read waits for me, with some work, thought and insight put into it. Or maybe I am just a DF fanboy… Speed is very important. However: how much time does server spend running your Ruby code? I think I saw somewhere it is about 5% of the request time. There is DB, network latency, all the client side cruft (twitter did not get even assets caching right yet). Article says they are leaving Ruby in place for the front end, so most likely they do understand where bottleneck is, and where it has nothing to do with a language. I just hope that other won't jump to porting their code without understanding the reasons. It should be pretty embarrassing to spend six month porting the codebase just to find out that reducing time server spends in your app code from 5% to 1% did not impact the overall speed of your site. It would be interesting to see more details about those queue processing problems they have though. Because acting this way assures that the problem will be noticed and acted upon. Private letter would achieve nothing at worst and maybe some tweaks to 37signals page on GS at best. Customers of the other companies would get the same confusing message making it easy to take GS pages as official support. As you can see I don't believe in GetSatissfaction "mistakes". All the design decisions (which eventually led to the trouble with 37s) they took look very logical. The same way why ease of use of something makes that something better (or more pleasant to work with). You can also try free http://www.virtualbox.org/ from Sun. Once again I am glad that Apple does not do what it supposedly "should" do. Current design has some advantages: namely your controls are always more or less in the same place. You don't have to reach in your pockets, grab around yourself looking where did you clip that damn shuffle — just grab the wire and you are done. Proposed design has more flaws than advantages, not to mention the cost of such interface. One guy named Steve Jobs once said, that design is not how it looks but how it works. He had a point. Funny you mention performance headaches that Ruby on Rails has. Someone actually benchmarked PHP frameworks against Ruby frameworks, and guess which were faster? Video is here: http://www.merbcamp.com/video/katz3.mp4 Slides are here: http://www.slideshare.net/wycats/merb-camp-keynote-presentat... They do not. CSS is for presentation, and presentation usually differs from site to site. That means that you either have to tweak a lot, in which case using framework does not make much sense, or you have a lot of unused code in your CSS which makes the "maintainability" point moot. In my view CSS frameworks are the crutch for CSS challenged (as WYSIWYG HTML editors are for code challenged) and should be avoided. I also have no idea how the word "Semantically" made its way to the title. So far from I have seen CSS frameworks add very little to the semantics, take more away, and are very likely to induce an acute case of clssitis to you HTML code. Not to mention "CSS reset" which I think was stupid idea from the very beginning. I am not talking about innovation. I am just saying that you dont need a framework for two column layout. Who talks about cutting edge? The simpler you design is, the more overhead you get from using a framework. I did like both books by Cederholm, so I also recommend Web Standards Solutions: The Markup and Style Handbook Interesting, Apple reports "almost" 29 billion in cash and best non-holidays quarter results in company's history. During the worst economic downturns in decades. The horror. How can you call images in that presentation porn? I might be offended by the word "bread". Is this my problem or anyone's using that word? One cannot please everyone, and there is no need to feel sorry _every_ time you fail at that. Remember infamous Danish cartoons? Do you think cartoonist had to apologize? Boy, did he offend someone… My point was, if someone is offended by that presentation, he (and I mean he ) should have his head examined. There are people that can be offended by most ridiculous things and I am not going to consider myself responsible for all their quirks. Too much fear to offend someone just dumbs us down, makes daring thing less likely (I think it has to be someone with DHH kind of personality to create RoR) and generally leads to kind of lukewarm relationships, hypocrisy and "thermal death" of society. I am all for solving real problems, not imaginary ones. I have seen quite a few women in IT, and it did not look like they had any problems with it (suffice to say one was the head of the whole IT organization I was working for, other three - heads of departments). All were judged by the competence, not their sex. It is interesting to see that the mere idea that _maybe_, just _maybe_ women in general are not inclined for this type of work (hint: dealing with abstractions, not real people and relations) is instantly rubber-stamped as sexist. I am going to stretch it here, but why isn't anyone fighting to right the underrepresentation of males among persons giving birth? And I don't buy the reality of some "feelings" that are so much on display in this case. Well, if fully dressed women make you uncomfortable, I cannot help there.