In the code the link points to, I just see another C-like language. What "good ideas" should I be looking at? I am not Oberon expert, but in any other language I'd say this code is pretty bad: - logic errors: We keep going even if error occurs (none of the error checks have return in them). - In two different source files, "System" is imported under two different names. Is this just to confuse the readers? - Hardcoded string length (Mod.s:17). If someone to change the message, you have to be very careful to update the length. - Arbitrary constants (why '2' in Mod.s:23)? I used to program in Pascal long time ago (Turbo Pascal dialect), but the link does not show any of Pascal-specific functionality. Where are types with unusual range (var i: 0..15)? Where are arrays with non-zero based ranges? Where is the neat interface/implementation separation? Is there runtime-based range checking? Because I do not see it, and I bet if I changed this "17" to "117", it will just send extra 100 bytes of un-initialized memory over the socket. This particular code does not have any pascal-y language features. What is the point of the post? If it was to demonstrate that Oberon is good for teaching / real stuff / general purpose programming / something else, then it failed. To me, the points of the post is: "hey, this language is not dead! We can now fork() and do socket ops!". Is this intentional? Do you have quantitative information about that? I was always wondering how big is Fukushima's nuclear incident zone (in km^2) today. How much bigger is it compared to coal waste ponds / landfills, or hydroelectric dam which provides the same amount of power? Looking at Stripe's API docs, it seems their preferred payment technology is javascript popup which asks for CC number directly. If the technology has been 'properly implemented', only Stripe will see the credit card details, but as a consumer, I have no way to tell if the technology has been implemented properly. As a result, I feel it is much safer to avoid typing my credit card number into random websites. Thus, my first reaction to a site which asks for my credit card (directly or via Stripe) is 'OK, are there any alternatives which take a safer payment method' Replace "containers" with "virtual machines" (because really, the containers are secure only until the next kernel exploit, which happens fairly often), and you get Qubes OS: https://www.qubes-os.org/doc/architecture/ It tries to move everything into containers, including hardware drivers, and if you read their architecture paper you will see their design ends up being nontrivial. I feel that author is very enthusiastic, but there are some pretty serious errors: "... fight between Docker and systemd is inevitable" -- this fight has been going for a while (at least a year): https://lwn.net/Articles/676831/ "... The reason why you'll do this, rather than compose everything yourself, is compatability. Whether it's kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants or a hundred variations that make your OS build different from mine. Building and testing software that runs everywhere is a sisyphean task. " -- kernel versions, file system drivers, operating system variants (in form of docker daemon version) are still going to be around and would still affect containers. So you traded "test on Fedora, RHEL, Ubuntu" with "test on AWS docker, Tectonic, OpenShift". Yes, you no longer have to worry about .so versions, but there are still plenty of reasons to test in multiple environment. "... the operating system is an implementation detail of the higher level software. It's not intended to be directly managed ..." -- yeah, so I have this proprietary SAN.. or a dual 10G cards which need to be tuned and bonded... or a mix of fast and slow disks... or even any non-trivial RAID setup... Those things are the most annoying parts of managing your own servers and unfortunately they are not going anywhere. Isn't the 'disconnection support' (and by extension, roaming) one of the big points of tmux? This is one of the reasons why I never bothered with mosh -- I have screen/tmux, what's the point? I have cryptsetup, so I am probably vulnerable, but I do really care -- I do not have BIOS password, nor do I physically disable my USB ports. If I wanted to get a root shell with the disk still encrypted, it would be much more convenient to just boot from the USB stick. And in the case of "libraries, ATMs, airport machines" it is likely there will be no boot-time passwords at all -- regular login process will likely be more convenient for many reasons. yes, but the same could be done by simply booting from USB stick. How does this vulnerability makes it worse? (unless one has BIOS password and strong physical security) Related comic: http://www.smbc-comics.com/comic/dinosaurs what's next, eye-stalks? The problem is, that legislation does not actually protect citizen data. All code is still controlled by LinkedIn, and Russian goverment still have no idea what it does. If FBI (or CIA or any other agency) comes to LinkedIn with an order, then does it matter if the technician serving the request pulls the data from Russian, European or US database? The data will be delivered anyway. Moreover, the law does not actually prevent the companies from storing data somewhere else -- Article 12 mentions many allowed reasons to send the data to other countries. What this law, however, allows is for government to apply pressure on the company by treating to seize their servers (such as this case: https://torrentfreak.com/police-shut-down-russian-rapidshare... ). I see no other reason for the law. The whole point is that AWS (nor any other outside party) would not find the keys. The article explicitly mentions: On servers in a text file in ~/.aws/credentials (where a lot of tooling saves AWS credentials) On your developer laptop in the same locations In application or systemd environment variable configuration files In files named ’credentials’ or in application configuration files in private, sensitive Github repos Unless amazon somehow has access to private github repos, they should not see the keys > Unfortunately the comments are a pile-on of negativity, rather than a discussion of possibilities. I don't think that how the community is supposed to work. HN is all about discussion of existing content. It is simply a bad form to go to discussion of "blockchan for big banks" article and start talking about "blockchain for ad networks". Yes, maybe someone out there is making something where blockchain is genuinely a right technology; if you find such a project, submit it to HN and there may be actual positive comments on the blockchain idea. Or even better: write a blog post about real-life problems which are best being solved by the bitcoin blockchain, and submit it. I am sure people will read it with interest! (I am not being sarcastic here -- I am genuinely interested about useful bitcoin applications) "This cafe was closed for food safety issues twice, so they are now operating illegally. Their burgers are very good -- why not try them and see what the fuss is about" > fraudulent-transaction-free processing network How so? Are you saying that when a trojan on my machine accesses my bitcoin wallet and sends all of my bitcoins somewhere, is it not "fraudulent transaction"? Because these things happen, you know. What do you use instead of "docker build" and "docker pull"? What do you mean? My Dockerfiles already use distro's package manager to install packages. Do you you mean "create a long-lived LXC container and use distro's package manager to install packages as needed?" The problem with that approach is you have no idea how to duplicate the server, nor how to roll back the changes reliably. For example: - Your distro upgraded a library, and the upgrade introduced a bug. For extra fun, this was not security upgrade so unattended-upgrade process did not install it, so only half of your servers have the bug. - Your package list is incorrect. Somehow, your old server ended up with an extra package (previous software version? installed while trying to troubleshoot problems), and your new server does not have it. - You have leftover files -- either from the previous version of your software, or from the package you have had installed before. These are definitely fixable in LXC with enough effort -- after all, Docker is not magic, and you can achieve a lot with LXC + shell scripts, and even more with LXC + shell scripts + chef. However, Docker is just so much easier and reliable than writing these scripts by hand. Yes, but other languages would use optional or special null-like value which cannot be automatically converted into integer. This would be totally devastating to many people who do not earn that much. Before, you could stash $200 per month to make a nice "rainy day fund" in case you lose job, get sick or your car breaks down. Now you would not be able to do so -- just work work work and don't even think about leaving your job! And the worst part, it would not even work against rich people. So I got 2bil? Great, I will buy 5 houses and a furniture factory. And move the rest to my shell company in Caribbeans. Uber, Lyft, Sidecar, Flywheel, etc... Because Java and C# are not system programming languages and are not intended to replace C? Would I want my init system written in Java or C#? Hell no. Would I want it written in Rust? Yes please maybe it will crash less and have fewer CVEs. I have a belief that every time a C developer switches to Rust, users benefit (unless developer goes crazy from Rust's cognitive load, but this is a separate issue :) ) Agree. We have strerror_r -- why not add getenv_r? Is there any technical information on how the database works? For a supposed Sqlite replacement, there is a surprising lack of the information. The only reference to concurrency mode I have found is this: > All changes to an object (addition, modification and deletion) must be done within a write transaction. > Write transactions incur non-negligible overhead - you should architect your code to minimize the number of write transactions. So is there a single write lock? If you try to start two transactions, will the second one be delayed or retried? Can reads proceed while the transaction is processing? > Results instances are live, auto-updating views into the underlying data So if I am doing x.first, x.second while the object is being updated in a second thread, will I get mixed state? Is database crash proof? If the phone runs out of battery while in write transaction, will the database get damaged? ... so many questions I see the reason for the complains, but I do not agree with the basic premise. It should not be "I hate almost all software", it should be "I hate my employer and the job I am stuck in". I mean, this person is writing for Solaris/Illumos (judging by SMF references and autoconf complains). Yeah, running modern stuff on solaris sux, unless you have a sysadminny mindset. This is clearly not for him. Fine -- different people like to optimize different things: user experience, internal code beauty, maintainability, code robustness, number of platforms supported. No one should be forced to work on stuff they don't like. There are lots of jobs, and most of them do not require SMF, DBus, /usr organization, or volatile variables. Thank you for the comment. It is nice to be able to talk to someone who believes in Urbit ideal. I have a question for you: there are many advantages of running things on huge scale. How do you see Urbit will solve it? For example: - webserver: I used to run a personal web server, and then I noticed that I have to throttle the speed to avoid ending up with a huge bill, and when the colo is down, the server is down. I keep all my data in the cloud now, and due to economy of scale, I do not have to worry about availability, ping times, or bandwidth limits. How can personal server compete with CDNs? - I also used to run my own mailserver, and it was always a pain to keep spam away. This is a complex process which includes tuning spam filters, deciding which DNS blacklists to use (oh controversy!), deciding if I want to use DCC and at which stage. And I had to re-tune periodically, otherwise it would eat my automated messages... At the same time, Google (for example) has it easy -- at their scale, they have all the information they need to decide if the mail is spam or not. - Social media: no, I have not run my social media server :) But I cannot understand how do you get started. The main point is network effects, and even Disapora, which has been around for a long while, is not that popular. Plus spam and viruses, of course -- how do you prevent that? If my friend gets a trojan on her machine, will her account be able to spam entire network?