> Adobe has no intention of ever announcing an EOL for Flash That's irrelevant, Adobe is known for keeping dead products afloat. The Flash platform is gracefully becoming another Director or Cold Fusion which are still being sold. Poor Objective C, nobody likes you. http://www.tiobe.com/index.php/content/paperinfo/tpci/Object... I agree, but if you consider the success of Chrome OS it's clear that for a lot of users a simple OS is more than enough for their computing needs. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. It's actually just one guy behind Sublime. Probably the reason why it is sinking. What do you use CUDA for? Could you post the link of your blog? I'd love to read about that. Well, since you are a developer you don't have so many performance of hardware requirements. The pro user described in the article doesn't really apply to you. > who should Apple cater to more? That's the real question, and of course we will all be biased here. For someone like you it's fine that you can't (for example) get the latest GPU technology, but for someone that works on digital effects that is a very real issue. It is a fact that Apple used to cater to such audience before, and the whole point of the article is if Apple is leaving that audience behind or not. Thanks, there are plenty of great tips! I'm in the market for a powerful desktop and I considered getting a 2012 Mac Pro. It would be awesome if the 2016 Mac Pro was a tower design. Alas, we can only dream. That would be awesome, unfortunately it is not possible yet. http://www.highpoint-tech.com/USA_new/series_RS6361A_specifi... > Supported PCIe Cards: Any Thunderbolt Aware PCIe cards including Audio, Video Capture, Ethernet, Fibre Channel, and Storage/RAID controller cards No GPU support. Interesting! Maybe this will replace GSAP in my projects if it has better performance. Voluntary newspeak Visual programming is exploding in Unreal Engine with Blueprints to define in-game behaviours. https://docs.unrealengine.com/latest/INT/Engine/Blueprints/i... I for myself think visual programming is not really programming, since by following that train of thought any GUI like Photoshop Actions could be considered programming. Thanks for the link. First time I hear about ShiftIt. About moving to folders with the keyboard I use Alfred which is a spotlight replacement and it has history of commands. You could even have your own extension (called workflows) to customise this as you wish if you know a bit of coding. Check it out, it's extremely powerful: https://www.alfredapp.com/ > The inability to search within the current folder is also a joke! You can search in the current folder. It's a setting in Finder > Preferences > Advanced > "When performing a search". Yes Sublime is more responsive, but for me it's just a minor annoyance. The benefits of a community over a one man project who has a tendency to disappear are more than evident IMO. That must be why there is a new forum. :) Everything. The design and the code seem to be from 10-15 years ago. I agree. It's one of the things I always change on a new Mac or OSX install. You can change that behaviour in System Preferences > Mission Control > Displays have separated spaces. It doesn't make much sense that the options is there... Windows 10 is much more optimised than OSX. In my experience it runs faster and uses less memory in the same hardware. But yeah, it's ugly, and it lacks things like Spotlight or Quick Look which make your life a lot easier. Try to eat a steak with a hammer, and then argue that hammers are terrible. No shit Sherlock! Don't use inheritance to solve all your OO problems. Ever heard of Design Patterns? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Design_Patterns My theory is that Apple does not want to be seen as trailing behind Microsoft Of course one can interpret things in any way... What if instead a Mercedes representative had said: > People with cheap 5 year old cars is sad Just before presenting its new car? Would you think the same? What is this group the author mentions? > Chrome has had such a problem with performance they formed a special group just to work the problem, but in nearly two years time that group has yet to produce anything tangible.