Finally something I know about. Feel free to ask and I will try to answer :-) On 2.: you decide who you share with. People can follow you but they won't see anything you don't share with them. Absolutely yes. But of course it depends. Making sure to stay in the drivers seat instead of selling out to a big company was the first step. Of course, if corruption is rampant everywhere this is much harder. Also setting targets and staying true to them seems to be important. Today the target is not to use anything from their oil fortune except the interest. This is something they seem to fight about every year but the majority seems to say no to the party idea every time. The nearest I come to knowing anything about this is having used a waterproof camera-on-a-cable hooked up with fishing gear. (However good friend of mine has worked on support vessels in the North Sea and had some amazing stories, complete w/pictures of big angler fish, Lophius piscatorius I think, caught with high end ROVs.) Partly agree. For now it seems to be keeping them afloat into 2050 or something provided they don't come up with something really stupid before that. After that they have the worlds 3rd largest Thorium reserve. One good thing I think is at least they are not spending it as they extract it, rather investing it globally. Or ctrl + a in some cases (unixy thing, works in linux terminals as well) A gentle pop over telling them the phone number to customer support? Next day the email address to helpdesk, next email address to executives etc Still faster than the download - wait for Acrobat/Foxit Reader - wait for marginally faster loading document cycle anyway isn't it? There are some interesting stories out on the internet (google for "419 eater" or "scam baiting".) Unlike this story they are often well documented (and in some cases, funny, like tricking the scammer into providing a c64 carved out of hardwood.) Be sure to read their guidelines before trying anything similar as scambaiting can be dangerous. Posted as a response to "Scammed". This site contains a lot of stories as well as a brief on ethics amd, -ahem, basic HSE info for people wanting to get involved. Or take the approach Netflix did: http://techblog.netflix.com/2012/07/chaos-monkey-released-in... Does anyone have pointers to anything like this, freely available, for modern shipping? (i.e. after GPS and AIS) Yep. Use that a lot as a reference. (AIS transponders send quite a lot information and also a lot of people upload photos of vessels that can be viewed at marinetraffic.com) There are also a few other projects that have overlapping data. (aprs sites, e.g. aprs.fi - more of an amateur radio thing but will still pick up lots of interesting signals) (Edit: perhaps more interesting to people around here an usb/serial ais receiver can be had for a few hundred dollars and there is a site called http://www.aishub.net/ where you can get access to the firehose provided you cover your area. Disclaimer: I never tried aishub.) I think the post is more about older ships logs. For shipping there are rules in place on who are allowed to turn of tracking and under what circumstances. Also even if "security by obscurity" etc is heavily used it doesn't mean it is a good strategy : ) While I haven't designed my own furniture I insist that it should be real honest wood (now). Which means I can just give it a polish if the kids scratch it. Or sand it if necessary. Also a lot of the furniture is bought from someone around here who had found something they liked even better. Because a kid can write a working trojan that escapes AV detection? (Two very young studends I know did, POC took less than 50 loc in AHK. That included a plausible "installer" as well as auto update feature). For anyone who hasn't read it yet the last tweet on that account is gold. I see a lot of people like me in this thread: We like Apple and Mac but certain aspects are less than ideal in our setting. For me I have found elementary os (linux based) to be a good step closer to perfect for me. ("Normal" alt-tab, menus follows windows (if they exist at all), etc.) All while being fast on less than stellar hardware and pleasing to my eyes. (For people who love Mac: Don't even try. I can almost assure you'll find some color nuance, alignment issue etc. I'm serious: You guys see stuff like this, I can't even see all the colors.) Can we kill a subset of the gear buttons, specifically the "mystery" ones, as well? Especially in Mac apps and wannabe mac apps. The copy button is quite obvious, -compared to a lot of others. As much as AGPL annoys me the pony developers seems to understand it and use it in a reasonable way. What really annoys me is 1. when people stamp a AGPL license on something (that was previously licensed under GPL or even less restrictive) and claim that it is still just GPL and everyone could still continue using their system as before. 2. when people make something brilliant and only offer it under AGPL without providing a commercial licensing option. Equally seerious question: Didn't you just answer you own question before you asked it? The application worked fine as long as long as dns worked the way it was supposed to. However robust an application is it can't handle being fed html ads instead if application spesific json. When you are finished rethinking this you can go on to think a second time about censoring your wifes Internet access. Do onto others etc.... Correct. I'm only pointing out that in this spesific case it had nothing to do with the robustness of the application. More specifically: A better application might have warned you about the failing part so that you won't have to go looking for it. Fixing the problem would still include either replacing OpenDNS or working around it. > I also don't think OpenDNS is a tool of censorship, as it is so easily circumvented. Was the first version of Great Firewall also no censorship since it was easily circumventable? > I hope my children learn how to circumvent tools of censorship and this can be their first practice. Children, yes. I didn't comment on them.