God, what a waste of talent and technology. It's not entirely their fault. The places where polio still exists are very isolated, and often actively hostile to Western medical teams. Matters have not been helped by the CIA (and others) using vaccination operations as cover for their spies. Whoops! Does HN really not have a duplicate-checker? Well, your two anecdotes certainly sold me. Clearly, poverty in America is entirely the result of careless people making bad choices. I've never heard of that. What is it? Maybe http://1871.com/ I had trouble taking this article seriously because it kept referring to David Foster Wallace as "Foster Wallace". His last name is just Wallace. It's not a compound, hyphenated last name or anything strange like that. I think the argument is that Google and others stand to lose a great deal of business around the world if they're seen as a front for US government intelligence agencies. That gives them a real financial interest in opposing this kind of surveillance. This seems like a really silly PR stunt. If you're interviewing for a job that pays tens of thousands of dollars, why do you care about $1000? It'd be like Amazon offering a "Launch a bestselling book, get a $500 gift card" promo. This seems like a really silly PR stunt. If you're interviewing for a job that pays tens of thousands of dollars, why do you care about $1000? It'd be like Amazon offering a "Launch a bestselling book, get a $500 gift card" promo. So, uh... don't do the puzzle? I don't really see the problem here. I really doubt this puzzle constitutes "work" (in the sense of being beneficial for Facebook's bottom line). This seems analogous to an audition to me. > It would basically just be based on luck, whoever could land the higher yield jobs. The honest truth is that it's already mostly luck that determines who gets the big payouts and who doesn't. There are so many factors beyond your control that play into your success. From that perspective, a society where we were up front about that fact would at least be "more fair" in the sense that it would reduce lauding some for their unearned success while disparaging others for their equally happenstance failures. > they have duties towards their fellow man, that's why! That's exactly what he's saying. It's a company, not a person. You are not its "fellow man"--because it's not a man. It's a legal structure that exists to generate profit. How do you do that by accident? Somebody had to design, implement, and test a feature to sniff and store data off wireless networks. Most likely, yes. You can tap a fiber optic line without breaking it by bending it such a way that light leaks out: http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/it-security/protect-your-ne... Currently, it's kind of semi-privatized: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Postal_Reorganization_Act But Congress still has oversight over it, and it's legally obligated to service all Americans. There are some people who think we should go further, and fully privatize it: http://www.downsizinggovernment.org/usps What a joke. What you've written could be said of any well-paid job right up until it's eliminated: "Telegraph operators were paid well and felt themselves part of an honored profession. It was a good way to make a living for a lot of people."[1] Companies would be THRILLED to eliminate developers and no longer have to pay them. And plenty of people are working on that problem: "Imagine sitting at a Salesforce event in 2008 in Chicago while Salesforce.com’s CEO, Marc Benioff, swiftly works an entire room of business users into an anti-software frenzy. I was there to learn about Force.com, and I’ll summarize the message I understood four years ago as 'Not only can companies benefit from Salesforce.com, they also don’t have to hire developers.'"[2] [1] http://www.appalachianhistory.net/2010/06/3918.html [2] http://programming.oreilly.com/2012/10/salesforce-developers... "faster growth" != "most beneficial" Plenty of stupid, useless (or even just nonprofitable) companies experience meteoric growth until a fad passes. "very leveraged strategies" What does that even mean, in this context? "Leveraged" has a specific meaning in physics/engineering, in finance, and negotiation, but I don't know what it would mean in the context of sales. Like go into a lot of debt to spend money on marketing? Maybe spambots are a very leveraged strategy. Wait, isn't this exactly the same as "Coin" which got a lot of buzz today? C Seems like this was written by Steven D'Aprano, not Guido. This is great, but why does everything have to be a video these days? Whatever happened to just text + screenshots (if appropriate) It's so much faster than a video. Steve Jobs? Wut?