A math IDE. I think Wolfram Alpha may do just that, then again dealing with formal maths is not my thing. An IDE makes sense if it can encapsulate the symbols and terms you're conveying. How many programmers sit down with notepad or vi and write huge programs? Yes, some do (and I have), but it's far easier with the IDE. People don't like most advertising because it's lying to them, or at least covering up it's faults (turd rolled in glitter). I mean, what company is going to pay to tell everything about their product. There going to show it in the best light. When people buy something they want to be informed (doesn't a free market require this?). With sites like Amazon or Newegg you get more information about the product and similar products that is supposedly neutral. They don't care 'which' product you buy, as long as you buy it from them. The customer benefits by exposure to more choices, better products, and possibly better pricing. This does not work as well for vendors, they do not care who you buy from, as long as you buy their product. If it did everyone would use chrome/firefox with adblock. A huge portion of the population seems to put up with all the ads thrown at them. I think a number of people are worried about Apple shooting themselves in the foot, or screwing their customers. Apple's handling of software development in the '80s almost killed them. Microsoft's 'steal it, pirate it, just develop for it' mantra got us to where we are today. Apples default of signed programs is probably best for consumer safety, but many times the best ideas don't win the market. Where is the other half of the equation. What's happening with Microsoft in the server room? All these tablets and phones and other assorted toys don't make very much of their own data. They are fed with huge server farms. I don't see Apple making any of those servers and server operating systems currently. This. It would be better for the author to understand the legal requirements and the legal history of cable TV. The technical side is only a small part of the equation here. He would be dealing with regulations at local, state, national, and international levels. http://www.fcc.gov/guides/regulation-cable-tv-rates http://www.fcc.gov/encyclopedia/evolution-cable-television#s... So I guess the real answer to his question 'Ask HN: I want to build a cable company. How would I get started?' is here. http://www.fcc.gov/ You can't just spray anything on the board. Most coatings would separate from the board over time with due to thermal or mechanical stresses. There are many coatings that do work for this, but cause additional expense due to additional labor in finishing, and possibly design to make sure the components that need protected most can actually be coated. I want you for a customer. I'll sign a contract to bill you for $100 an hour. Then when I send you the bill I'll make sure it's for $125, because hey if you don't like the price, you should have used someone else. I'd say yes. In the bad old days, you only got to number 1 because of payola. Chances of an unsigned Korean artist getting there. 0. He for sure did not fit the boy band/pop star profile. Now you can go from someone mostly unheard of to a global superstar outside of traditional channels. Now, if you are already someone signed on a big label and have a big name, then 8.1M may not be huge, especially for how popular it was. "From just those sources, PSY and his camp will rake in at least $8.1 million this year, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of publicly available information and industry estimates. But for online music sales in South Korea, he'll earn less than $60,000." This is the important part of the article. He earns around US$0.00015 per song sold in his own country via online sales. He earns a hell of a lot more via Youtube and iTunes. What gets him up to 8M is other advertizing deals. Webtrak4.1 Profile for physcab.* "Buys K-Pop from Amazon.com" "Visits RedTube at least 3 times a week" "Spends at least 15 minutes in gay porn section" "Made campaign donations to Republican National Convention" "Attends Clivesville Baptist Church" * no this is not really his web profile. But this is the kind of things web bugs leak. And while your life my be so boring that it doesn't matter to you, may other people have information they would rather not share with every stranger on the net. Reminds me of the '90s when WinNuke and Smurf attacks ran wild. Remember one attack that caused our Linux boxes to panic, but I can't remember what it was called. It's not surprising that we're seeing stuff like this in v6. IPv4 has had the bugs hammered out from years of attacks, v6 not so much. http://blogs.computerworld.com/mac_os_x_java_fiasco_apple_st... http://www.the4cast.com/apple/apples-flashback-fiasco-what-r... 2 years apart, same outcome. Apple has a terrible track record of fixing bugs. As of so far it seems giving them a minute, week, or month has no difference. In the past other vendors have had issues with timely fixing their bugs or trying to squash disclosers, that's why lists like full disclosure exist to this day. And as the complexity of the documents increased the likelihood that some bug was written in to the interpreter increased geometrically . The thing is we had all the things you say are great, and in spite of this we have created the browser as an application environment. Evidently people don't want a document web. Adobe PDF and Word are evidence that document readers attempt to become web browsers with time anyway. >It's possible to build something without holes. http://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2009/10/proving_a_comp... I'm guessing you're planning on releasing your document viewer/OS sometime around the head death of the universe. In which time your program don't exist because your OS/Word processor business doesn't survive on the taxpayer teat. The problem is for businesses, most customers pay lot for features and new shiny and give a lot of lip service to the security part. The problem for open source is, most developers spend their time on features and new shiny , and the security ramifications are an afterthought. why have not other conscious beings 1. We are the first, or we are the first to get close to the singularity in our light cone. or 2. Generating energies or over coming the challenges of even traveling close to the speed of light is hard. or 3. Space is big. You just won’t believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it’s a long way down the road to the drug store, but that’s just peanuts to space. or 4. They have. No, it sounds like you are just an introvert. Since introverts are a smaller percentage of society, and they communicate less with others, it can easily seem like there is no one else like you out there. " Introverts are easily overwhelmed by too much stimulation from social gatherings and engagement, introversion having even been defined by some in terms of a preference for a quiet, more minimally stimulating environment. " That's why going out in to society seems like a job to you. I'm not sure about the just fine. If you were not in a complete free fall you'd be smooshed (I'm guessing W = m · g is nasty at black hole gravities). I guess my question is how fast you'd be traveling by the time you got near/in the even horizon. Anywhere close to 'c' and things would look a lot different. The problem that you are missing here is one of history. The phone company you so quickly push people to use has a long history of monopoly and abuse (at least where I'm from, where the telephone was invented). For the longest time you could only connect blessed telephone company equipment to your line, nothing else was allowed by law. It wasn't until people fought back that we could even use acoustic couplers. The telephone company was government sanctioned, but it was still a private company just like Facebook is. So instead of telling people to take it, do like or predecessors and fight back. I'm pretty sure if this was back in the Ma Bell days, you'd be telling the crowd that 'Real Friends' send letters via post! Or, people can get angry and say "Hey Facebook that is shitty behavior, I reserve the right to go elsewhere.", and otherwise bitch to everybody and make news about it. In which Facebook can decide to stay with their course, or they can decide to back down. Just because you want to act passive aggressive about the situation, doesn't mean that is the best solution to the problem. A little bit of aggression can keep companies more in line. I cannot imagine a world where people just took whatever they were given silently. I do believe it would look something like slavery. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bread_and_circuses Ob. xkcd http://xkcd.com/1145/ See ALT text. At the time the cable was installed (72ish?) 230kV was a very high voltage cable. The type of cable that now commonly carries that voltage underground is HV XLPE http://www.fujikura.com.sg/hv_xlpe.htm At the the maximum voltage over XLPE was 110kV. Sticking 2 of these cables side by side would have other interesting effects. http://www.emfs.info/Sources+of+EMFs/Underground/multiple.ht... It appears oil and paper systems are still used, but I don't think they use the high pressure oil system like the one in the paper. http://www.hitachi-cable.com/about/publish/review/__icsFiles... Ecology is the scientific study of the relationships that living organisms have with each other and with their natural environment. An ecological fallacy (or ecological inference fallacy) is a logical fallacy in the interpretation of statistical data where inferences about the nature of individuals are deduced from inference for the group to which those individuals belong.