Some entertaining bits from the article: "How many Mac applications still support OS X 10.2? 10.3? 10.4?" "Then why should we be so conservative when it comes to C++, the very core of what we work with?" "C++11 is a much more productive language than C++98. We as an industry can, however, only reap that productivity gain if we stop throwing C++ productivity out of the window by the bucket-load in the hopeless pursuit of compatibility with non-standard implementations." I'm as much for iconoclasm as the next person, but this whole C++ madness is starting to make me worry. While the rest of us have been off in the trenches of maintenance and production, some cabal of academics and chuckleheads has been cooking up this monstrosity of a language, and now it is finally coming to a head. Folks, conservatism in software design is appreciated--in language design, essential. Python 3 is still not support by many useful libraries. Perl 5, over ten years later, is still in production and use. ECMA/Javascript is only now really taking off, after 15 years. And on the darker, even more depressing side of things, you've still F77 codes in "production" and active maintenance --a friend of mine who is a graduate student is dealing with this right now. These are souls being fed to the gaping maw of legacy code. I'm sure C++ has some interesting features. I understand, for example, why the "auto" keyword is being given new meaning (because the syntax of the STL, classes, and templates is so mindnumbingly awful!). I understand why explicit defaulting and deleting of function might lead to cleaner code (regardless of, say, an explicit that already exists). I understand why I might want 3 different declensions of 'u' in front of a string to support various forms of Unicode (where is your liberalism about forcing everyone to using UTF-8 and being done with it?). I also understand that D probably has a better execution on these ideas than C++. And that Javascript and C# have a better implementation of lambdas and closures. And that for raw power and readability, C with embedded assembly (still!) can probably eat the lunch of any C++. (for an example of rational language evolution, see C1X: http://www.open-std.org/jtc1/sc22/wg14/ ) And that C++ still doesn't have anything other than a crackheaded set of half-idioms for exporting classes for dynamic linking in a crossplatform way, or even for binding to another language! Go ask the poor bastard who wrote SWIG's comments on the same--he quit programming for several years to stop dealing with C++'s increasing garbage. I feel reasonable in saying this: C++ is not going away soon. One day (even sooner if you are in academic circles and dealing with libraries) we maintenance programmers are going to have to start dealing with code written to take advantage of the new features in C++11. And on that day, all of us will be wondering why the hell we are still using that katamari of language features, instead of something less baroque--perhaps Perl. The issue is that there are already many better, cleaner languages than C++98/03. C++ is a good language, with some clunk to it. The best parts of it are arguably the bits inherited from C (which C++11 looks like it might break with). The OOPy parts (classes, polymorphism, etc.) have been done better by languages like Java, Javascript, and Smalltalk. Templates exist to get around grossness of the rest of the language, and were done better by Java's generics anyways. Multiple inheritance was done better by Java in the form of interfaces. The rhetoric is that these changes somehow simplify the language--that's cool and all, and may even be true for the most trivial of examples or the most basic of beginners. The problem is that these new features are going to be released in the wild alongside many libraries who don't use them, being old, and who won't be updated, being cumbersome or trusted. And so, the burden of making the ends meet is going to fall on the rest of us who now have to support, in effect, two languages. If the improvements are incremental, then this wasn't worth doing, If the improvements are such a new, cleaner, simpler language, why the hell call it C++? Again, see D. Lastly, most of the fixes are syntactic sugar which do nothing to help fix some very real issues with the deployment of the language. How do I bind these things to other languages cleanly? In C this is trivial--why isn't this fixed in C++11? How do I load libraries of classes dynamically at runtime? From C wrappers? When interfacing with old libraries (which actually do exist), how often am I going to have to write some kind of NULL-nullptr glue code? Why do we not have variable length arrays (they're in C99)? Thank you for your helpful response! C has an unfair advantage in this regard, but it's just not that hard to integrate C++ and C. This is very true... as you pointed out C is very primitive in a lot of respects, and this doubtless simplifies working with it from other languages. The question is, how do I easily call the new C++11 code from something like Lua, Java, Python, Ruby, etc.? How weird will my wrapping code end up looking? I'm sorry to harp on this, but I'm in the middle of a medium-size engine codebase written in C++, and even with our restraint so far on the use of some of the more advanced language features, things like smart pointers and whatnot are so useful that they become a concern (multithreaded code without smart pointers is a recipe for madness). I've been writing some C++11 with C++4.6.0 and a bunch of old libraries and haven't run into that. I don't use pointers in my code very much, so I don't think I've even had to use nullptr yet. Out of curiosity, how much have you done with OpenGL/OpenAL/OpenCL, etc.? Have you had any issues there yet? I'd like to know if that stuff fits okay with C++11. "cell phone: don't get one if you can't afford it (ditto for a regular phone)" This is kind of a tricky thing, right? Phone access is still essential for job hunting, and payphones aren't terribly common anymore either. Borrowing a friend's phone is sometimes possible, but for getting a callback? Not so much. Same thing goes for internet access (which, of the two, I think would probably be a better investment once a job is secured). Even so, low-wage jobs are often very dependent on scheduling and thus require a phone to get updated about shift changes. (note also that yes, you can get net access from unsecured wireless networks [increasingly shunned due to piracy and access concerns] and public libraries [which may not be convenient to get to]) Simply not getting a phone (generalize to point of contact if desired) is not really a good option. I've been working on a project in this same general area (crowdfunding) and this scares the everliving bejeezus out of me. Perhaps the only real revolution we can do to improve the system of capitalism is to increase the ability of creative minds to gather funding and address the needs of the masses. If everyone is a capitalist--if everyone is able to easily seek funding to address public needs--then things can get better for everyone. This is the sort of thing that prevents that. :( Are we just buying you stuff? Much as I appreciate rules fetishism, this is the sort of view that screws up my country. Look, elsewhere we've seen the wide variety of visas aimed at the "rich", "investors", and "job creators". So, clearly, enforcement isn't uniform across people who are immigrants. Moreover, in your presumably simple moral system, any law regardless of how unfair in specification is fine so long as the implementation is uniform. (note here I'm interpreting "fairness in enforcement" to mean uniform, as if we actually take into account "fairness" in the conventional sense your own statement is reduced to uselessness... and I'd rather not believe HN is frequented by the sort of drooling pedantic imbecile that would be necessary to make such a claim) This being the case, you apparently would have no issue with a law that requires police officers to beat twelve citizens every day, provided they aren't biased in their selection? So, I picked up this book on a whim from Half-Priced Books about six months ago. I've since loaned it out to a mechanical engineering friend of mine, and he's finished it; I'll be loaning it out again soon--it's one of those books that I consider essential for spreading the good word of CS/EE. ACTUAL REVIEW/SPOILER CONTENT: So, the book does start pretty slowly. It considers the case of signaling with flashlights. This motivates semaphores (not the concurrency type!), which in turn motivates telegraphs. The telegraph repeater and its automation is used to motivate logic gates. Around here (forget exactly whether it's before or after) the author diverges for a chapter or two into boolean logic and counting mechanisms. Then the idea of storage is brought in, then the idea of state machines. Calculation is brought in, and soon the author has a simple little ALU. The author talks about wiring up an interface for this, and then there is talk about interrupts, operating systems, and also real embodiments of this sort of hardware--6502 or 8086 assembler is introduced and discussed. The writing is geared such that someone in highschool shouldn't have trouble understanding anything, and there is enough history thrown in with the light style that it isn't a chore to slog through. WHY THIS BOOK IS NOT A WASTE OF TIME: So, I've already taken the introductory computer engineering/CS classes during my time at university. I've already read a lot in high school and a lot after college on computers and their architecture. This is not a new subject to me. Why is this still a good read? Folks, our professions (whether you are a mechanical engineer black-boxing gear trains, a software engineer black-boxing Java/Scala/JVM bytecode, or a Perl hacker black-boxing the very mouth of madness) are all rooted in abstraction. Everything we do, everything we touch, is a slice of a pyramid of (sometimes shaky/leaky/smelly) abstractions. The great thing about Code isn't what it teaches you about programming (it doesn't cover much other than assembly, if that) or computer engineering (no help soldering or designing ring buses or whatnot) or even mathematics (boolean algebra is pretty straightforward in its presentation); instead, Code focuses on bringing us to a functioning microcomputer from a flashlight in our bedroom, without ever skipping a layer of abstraction. Even if you already know each slice (in broader detail than presented), seeing the entire journey is at worst enjoyable and at best extremely educational. SINGULAR OF FACT (ANECDOTE): I just thought I'd mention this as well. As my ME friend (at that time, roommate) was chugging through the book, he'd randomly come up and ask me questions or points of clarification. This culminated one evening during dinner. He, my other roommate (a Linux sysadmin/applied mathematician), and I (software developer and former ME) were enjoying some Indian food, and the ME began bugging us about interrupts. He couldn't understand quite what they were useful for. So, over the course of four or so hours, we probed him with questions geared towards increasing his understanding. Something along these lines transpired: ME:"So, what are interrupts good for?" SD: "Well, they're good for getting the processor's attention. How would you handle checking if a button is down?" ME: "I could have processor check a line in." SA: "And if that check happens to miss the button press?" ME: "...erm, I could have something else check it, faster." SD: "And how would you check it?" ME: "You...could have the switch be controlling a bit of the memory, I guess." SD: "Congratulations! You've invented memory-mapped I/O!" SD/SA: SD: "But you still haven't told us about how to solve interrupts." ME: SD: "Let's think about the problem. What you want to do is have the processor poll the button, right?" ME: "Yes." SD: "And only do this when it's needed, right?" ME: "Yep." SD: "So, what if there was some kind of way of signaling the processor that data was ready?" ME: "...oh. I guess you could use a pin for that." SD: "What would that pin do?" ME: "I think it would have to tell the processor to go handle input." SD: "And how would that work?" ME: ME: SA: "What happens if I want to go somewhere else to handle my interrupt code?" ME: SA: "You've just invented the interrupt trap vector!" ...etc... So, by the end of the night, with proper questioning we'd gotten him to come up with MMIO, with virtual memory, with paging, and eventually gotten him to consider how to implement concurrency via scheduling and his newly discovered virtual memory mechanism. It was delightful, and wouldn't have been possible unless he'd been getting the lay of the land from reading Code. edit: oh god the spacing edit2: processor's, not processors With all due respect... "I think this is a completely misguided assumption. Maybe this is true these days. But it wasn't always true, and it shouldn't be true." What the past state was does not matter a great deal in these issues--today's problems are what stand between us and the food on our tables. If you read that economic growth as not being responsible for funding of higher education, you are similarly incorrect. At the national level it's about having strong soft power and at the personal level about it's about "keeping up with the Joneses" re: income. "Higher education, especially in the liberal arts, is for training students to become good community members, citizens and leaders." It was my impression that high schools and parents were the mechanism for indoctrinating youths into community values. Moreover, without playing too hard to personal experience, if my classmates at uni are tomorrow's leaders I'm a great deal concerned. "It's about giving them the cognitive, rhetorical, and even emotional skills required to solve the hard problems that we face as a society. And there is a lot more to solving those problems than promoting "innovation" or "economic growth"." What are these "hard problems"? Hunger? Disease? Working boring jobs to shuffle little bits of paper around? I'd wager that the root of your "hard problems" is ultimately scarcity in one form or another, and the only way to address that is through technology, and the only way to get that is through STEM training. "We subsidize higher education because producing citizens with those skills is valuable to our society." You echo your given quote here--you instead handwave the "skills" involved whereas the quote specifically suggests that economic growth is the valuable criterion to pick skills with. "Are liberal arts programs perfect? No. Do they cost too much? Maybe. Would it be good for society to have more people going into STEM fields? Probably. Does all this mean that liberal arts education is "oversold"? Certainly not." I agree, disagree, agree, and disagree again. Liberal arts programs seem to consist primarily of a great deal of reading and research, augmented with the professional musings of an elder in the field. Is my impression incorrect? If it is not, is there a particular reason why it costs so much when that material is so cheaply available? I'd appreciate clarification on this matter. "Indeed, it is rare to see people express just how valuable the liberal arts are, and why." You know, there is at least one simple explanation that suggests itself for explaining this phenomena... Thank you for the additional information! That chart did seem somewhat limited. From the article: ""private" does not add anything new to a property. If you don't want the property to be used outside of the class ... don't use the property outside of the class. "const" does not add anything new to a variable. If you don't want to change the value of a variable ... don't change the value of the variable. "freeze" does not add anything new to an object. If you don't want to change the shape of an object ... don't change the shape of the object. " Now, having started to dabble a little in Rails and Node--and hence getting exposure to Ruby and JS--I do have respect for a lot of the interesting things you can do in those languages. That said, I've also got a experience dealing with libraries and software engineering on various sized projects, and I'm sensing a pattern here. It seems like good practices (encapsulation, static typing, etc.) are being ignored because they get in the way of "free programming". Now, is this actually an accepted attitude in the web development world, or are these people actively promoting terrible design practices? I understand that programming routines for web pages and the like is not the same as for thick-client applications, but is the use of your library by other people through an interface or namespace collisions really not a large concern? BeOS died because Jobs torpedoed their negotiations with Apple with his return from NeXT. Prior to that, the odds were good that BeOS would become the next OS for Macs. OpenGL is a good API, but it's design is fairly terrible, and its implementations range from quirky to terrible (cosnider Intel's support for anything above 1.4). The notion of internal state is fine and well for only the most trivial of programs--once you start doing something requiring multithreading nothing but sadness awaits. So, where in this article did the author actually state why Objective-C fixed C for them? Where was a listing of C's failings or Objective-C's strengths for their projects? This is not really a good submission--it's got the rhetorical content of a tweet. I'm sorry, but I must disagree with the spirit of your points. Scientists publish in slow peer reviewed journals, because scientific publication has to be peer reviewed. The reviewers are a very small selection of other scientists, who are expert in the field of the publication. So, when you throw work out into the open, anyone with an interest in your topic (your functional peers) will be able to do their own analysis of your work (a review)--some sort of peer-review, if you will. All without needing to go through a stodgy paper review process. This way of work is important to keep quality excellent. We certainly don't need more quickly published junk that stirs the world but is found to be inaccurate later. So, if there is one thing we've seen in the programming world, secluded cabals of experts don't always result in excellent quality (I submit to you, OpenGL, C++, CORBA, for a few examples). New patches are submitted to open-source projects all the time; some are accepted, some are rebuked publicly, and some merely catalyze interesting discussion. "Stirring the world" is hardly a bad thing--in the case of Fleischmann-Pons, the debunking happened quickly and the world was free to move on. In a similar avenue, one of the reasons that the eCat story is frustrating is the lack of transparency (both from the inventors and the media refusing to even air solid rebuttals)--were the information more open, we could sort it into bunk/science and move on. Can we accelerate the process of peer reviewing? I doubt that. As I have written, the reviewers are other scientists who have to find the time to read and comment new articles. The more time they spend with this, the less time they spend doing research. So the small amount of experts usually is responsible for being slow. So, you make the (valid) claim that the process can't go faster, predicating on the scarcity of experts. You seem to have the answer at hand: get more experts. This can be accomplished by either getting more researchers reviewing, or loosening the restrictions on who is considered a valid source. Indeed, places like StackExchange have shown us how to pick out decently good judges of these things--we don't have as great a need for the older method of establishing experts, anymore. 2. The author writes, we could make progress faster. Please: why? It seems to be a sign of the time that we want to accelerate everything. It is most likely that this will only produce more noise. We need to slow down our lives and our thinking to stay accurate and produce real value. In order to help motivate the need for faster progress, please note the following: Earth has over 7 billion people now. ( http://www.unfpa.org/swp/ ) The bottom 50% of people in the world (rightly or wrongly) own around 1% of the wealth. ( http://escholarship.org/uc/item/3jv048hx#page-4 ) We (at least those of us in the first world) don't have a lot of time left, unless we can find ways of solving the Big Problems. Progress in tech is likely the only palatable solution to this predicament. We can't really afford to slow down now. I am glad that science results, at least in my field, are still reliably scrutinized by many. This way I know that reading and spending the time to understand the stuff is worth my time. I'm greatly concerned about this sort of attitude. Might I suggest that an occasional dalliance in "time-wasting" articles might prove refreshing, and further that it could help ferret out ideas that would otherwise be overlooked? edit: Modified for civility. Sorry folks. Out of curiosity, is there some place to locate a clear listing of the seminal works in your field? I'm genuinely curious how much of the difficulty here is actual breadth/depth of the subject matter, and how much of the difficulty is due to some systemic inefficiency in the way research is published and consumed. Thank you sir/madam for an opportunity to better explore the depths of my ignorance. I have previously wondered what sort of use abstract algebra and geometry would be put to outside of various parts of applied mathematics or physics, and I would now appear to have an excellent example. :) As I've mentioned in another reply, I'd like to see the system cleaned up and made more accessible. I'm a mechanical engineer by schooling and a graphics programmer by trade, so I don't frighten easily at math or algorithms. That said, this paper gave me quite a start. How deep down the rabbit-hole would you say it is in the field of computer vision? Is it fairly advanced/niche in application, or is it about some sort of foundational knowledge that is supposed to be known backwards and forwards by practitioners of the art? I feel as though a better way of presenting the papers might aid in understanding (clear list of dependencies for knowledge, clear list of applications, clear note of "hey, this is a minor optimization, so don't sweat the details if you don't get it", etc.), but my personal metrics for judging this may not be correct. Any feedback would be appreciated. All that being said; you can install gnome in ubuntu 11.10. You don't have to use unity. Or, even more simply, we can install Mint. :) Also the random pandering involving child pornography. THINK OF THE CHILDREN. Gah. "Google just said that content owners are responsible for rogue websites. That can't be the truth." Yes, truly, in a free market, seller policies cannot possibly influence the creation of market alternatives. Provided that it is used as a preamble to signify agreement, and that then this agreement is expanded upon by the author, I do not see any problem with it. It's kind of like explicitly using the "this->" or "this." formation in C++ or Java or what have you: sure, it may seem needlessly verbose, but it usually doesn't present a major issue when parsing code and can often help make sure you are in the right area when thinking about things. "This." is useful, provided that it isn't all that's said. This article was a bit annoying to read, as it was full of a lot of the deification of Jobs that's been around since his death. "What it was that Jobs actually did is much of the mystery of his life and his work, and Isaacson, frustratingly, had seemingly little interest in that, or any recognition that there even was any sort of mystery as to just what Jobs’s gifts really were." Why this insistence on mystery? Why this insistence that Jobs had some magical special sauce that all of us are lacking? I see this over and over in the article, as the author tries to complain that not enough lip service in the quotes he brings up is being paid to the Great and Mysterious Steven Paul Jobs. We pride ourselves on all being innovative and hopeful engineers and business folks, right? So, why do we see so much praise for these unexplainable qualities? This has got to stop. The article is particularly bad when quoting a definition of innovation and then simultaneously arguing that Jobs wasn't a mere "tweaker" and that innovation doesn't require completely original thought. Unless I completely misparsed that section, it appears that the author is trying to assert contradictory claims: if Jobs wasn't a tweaker, and he was innovative, then he must have been completely original--yet the author states that this need not be the case! This is crap rhetoric, and I'm bummed to see it appear in an otherwise good blog. Some of the assertions made are also laughable: "The Macintosh was no “tweak”. Pixar was no “tweak”. The iPod is maybe the closest thing among Jobs’s career highlights that one could call a “tweak” of that which preceded it — but it’s hard to separate the iPod, the device, from the entire iTunes ecosystem in terms of measuring its effect on our culture and the way everyone today listens to music. Does anyone really think Apple’s entry into the music industry was a “tweak”?" All of these are tweaks, as substantiated by the quotes used by the author. The Mac was a "tweak" insofar as it was modification to cheaply make a Star. Pixar work prior to '86 was very much laying the groundwork for future CG--Job's purchase perhaps gave funding but likely little else. The contortions used to try and justify the iPod without calling it a "tweak" are hilarious. The online music aspect might get a pass, but still, it's basically just "RECORDS.... ON THE INTERNET!". None of the examples really address the "Jobs was a tweaker" argument. "If anyone is the “tweaker” in the PC industry, a la Gladwell’s 18th century steam engine inventors, clearly it’s Bill Gates, not Steve Jobs." And then this. It's completely extraneous, serving no other function than to scratch the fanboy "Fuck Microsoft" itch. It needn't have even been mentioned--and yet, here it is. No real attempt is even made to justify why it is there, nor to try and explain all of the damning with faint praise of senor Gates. This article is a well-written but poorly justified. We deserve better. HN is full of people who pride themselves on caring about UX, right? Here's (effectively) a first-time user trying to make sense of the process of Wikipedia--this should be a great time for introspection about how to make it more usable (especially when pestering the users for money!). So--perhaps--it might be worth it to do something other than dismiss his complaint? Flagged for removal. Notability?