I agree with you in principle, but in practice, when I was visiting New York in July, I got much better results by using an external app rather than Google Maps. ("NYC Subway", I think it was called.) Specifically, Google's directions often had multiple transfers and didn't mention any alternate routes, whereas the app gave me the route with fewest transfers and showed all the other lines going there, in case you missed the first train. I think this is why Apple's plan to relegate public transport directions to external apps might be a good idea: there's no way a single company -- even one the size of even Google! -- can keep track of all the minutiae involved in planning routes for every public transport system around the world, whereas app makers can. Even today, every public transit system that I've been on has one or more apps, so I doubt uptake will be a problem. And with the new APIs in iOS6, it should be much easier to get directions via external apps, since they show up in a list right in the Maps app. Oh, and the app worked offline, which as you might know is mighty helpful in large parts of the subway. :) saurik, thank you so much for responding in this thread. Your answers are very insightful. In regards to 4, I've always assumed that to an extent, Apple tolerates jailbreakers and doesn't put as much effort as they could into fixing the exploits (unless they're critical, like the PDF one.) What do you think? Er, I don't think that's true at all. First of all, indies didn't used to do as many Mac ports before Steam for Mac/Humble Bundle. But aside from that, you have franchises like GTA, KotOR, Civilization, Assasin's Creed, and others. I think Steam for Mac definitely had an influence. One thing that I wish my undergrad CS degree taught me was how to manage and structure larger programs. It's a vast topic that I still have a lot of difficulty with two years into my career. If the world moves to touch computing, what's going to happen to PC gaming? Traditionally, PC gaming has been popular because PCs get used for many other things besides gaming. If most people switch to touch devices for their primary computers, will there still be enough people building gaming rigs for developers to care about that market? I'm sure the big console manufacturers would love nothing more than to move everyone over to consoles, but this would signal the downfall of indie games, certain kinds of first-person shooters, real-time strategy games, simulators, and many other genres. I would be devastated to see this happen. Corel Painter has paint mixing, but I don't know how it compares to Paper's approach. In order to avoid this problem, I bought one of these microSD "sticks" a couple of years ago: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B002HGFKR8 . I also bought a miniature lobster claw hook ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003HFEQ3W ) to attach it to my keychain. It worked amazingly well: the stick never got lost because it attached to my keychain via the base instead of the cap, it was tiny enough to never get in my way, and the memory was upgradable to boot. On the downside, speeds were pretty slow and the microSD card occasionally got dislodged, but these were relatively minor issues for me when compared to the benefits. Unfortunately, it bit the dust a couple of months ago — wonder if there are any faster alternatives? Try this! Haven't been here in ages, but it looks like it still works: http://wla.berkeley.edu/ As a developer, the last point bothers me the most. Why can't I use my standard OS shortcuts with the command line?! It looks just like a text prompt, and yet it doesn't behave like one. (And I'm sorry, but bash shortcuts are ugly.) For me, at least, the dependency issue has been resolved with automatic build systems like MacPorts. It's been a while since I had to manually seek out the dependencies for a command line program by hand. Discoverability is very much an issue. I tried to figure out how to get ffmpeg to do something last night, and it took me hours. I find Google to be far more indispensable when using the command line than the man pages. Despite all these issues, I still find the command line invaluable. :) I'm a bit surprised that so many people NEED a dead-silent environment to concentrate on their work. Maybe it's because I grew up with a snoring dad, but I can completely tune out a crowd of people without breaking a sweat, while all my coworkers would go crazy without their headphones. Honest question: is this truly such a difficult skill to cultivate? You'd think it would be a whole lot more beneficial in the long run than investing in an expensive set of noise-cancelling equipment. But I don't know, maybe I'm just going deaf! I didn't realize Stallman was licensed under the GPL! I am skeptical. Piracy exists on iOS, yes, but my understanding is that legitimate users far outnumber jailbroken users. Maybe for the enterprise. What about home use? About a month ago, I had 4 drives scattered around the house, each in its own enclosure, and I wanted to consolidate them into one unit. Money was an issue, so I wanted to recycle as many of them as possible instead of buying new ones. A Synology NAS along with a single extra drive allowed me near-optimal use of space with 1-drive redundancy. Of course, I have weekly backups to an external drive, so even if the array fails during a drive swap, I'll still have all my important files. Any other solution would either require me to buy more drives (a significant expense at $100+ a pop), sacrifice redundancy, or build my own NAS with ZFS (which would have significant administration overhead, cost more, and be larger than my Synology unit). A PC video card with the same specs as a console video card will perform significantly slower. Console games are optimized on a very low, platform-specific level, which simply isn't feasible on PC. (Not to mention, console ports often have much poorer performance in general.) The HD4000 is actually pretty good for an integrated card and runs a lot of older games well, but it won't run many modern games even on low settings. I speak from experience on this. For some reason, if your PC is underspecced in the gaphics department, even going down to 640x480 and setting all the graphics settings to low won't make most modern games playable. I don't know why this is the case. This is really interesting, thank you. I haven't seen a lot of discussion about how traditional filmmaking techniques might need to be changed to work with HFR. I've always wanted to get into web design, but every time I read an article like this, I get scared. Sometimes it seems like the web is nothing but hacks piled on top of hacks... Have you heard of Scala? http://www.huygens-fokker.org/scala/ It's used to change around the default MIDI scale, so that you can play with early scales or even scales from other cultures. It's really cool if you get it working with your keyboard. Unfortunately, there's not a lot of software that supports it, although I think Logic Pro did at some point. You meant to type http://www.moddb.com/mods/the-specialists , right? But with 2D comments, there's rarely any actual discussion. It's mostly people stating their opinions and others individually responding to them. Looking at the demo page, I love how the threads are 1D, but you can still switch to direct replies if you just want to follow the sub-conversation. It's the best of both worlds. I've never worked with iCloud, so I'm curious: why do devs say that Dropbox is so much better than iCloud? From what I've seen, both work similarly in that they abstract out the cloud as part of the file system. Wouldn't you still have to resolve conflicts and do all that other dirty stuff if you use Dropbox? Edit: potatolicious has a pretty great explanation. It looks like it's mostly CoreData issues. But for those cases, Dropbox wouldn't do any better, right? Many famous composers and writers produced their finest works in their later years. Surely we can do the same! As a longtime gamer, I desparately fear the idea of a locked-down, touch-based, and endlessly monetizable future for my favorite hobby. What if the PC simply becomes unprofitable for major game releases because of the tablet market, ARM, or whatever else? What if gamers get used to touch controls and buttons become outmoded? What if the Facebook model of "social" games consumes every other genre? I can only hope that Newell's get-out-of-jail-free card will work as intended. If the desktop PC disappears for the average user, I wouldn't be surprised if even ports stopped getting released. Honestly, that kind of stuff is much closer to gambling than what I would consider gaming. I just really hope (though I'm probably wrong) that "social" games occupy their own niche and aren't pulling gamers away from more honest games. Yes, and not so great for others. Have you tried playing Batman: Arkham Asylum with a mouse/keyboard? Those combos are so much harder to pull off! What about 3D platformers, where analog movement is paramount? Racing games, where analog steering and acceleration really help? Nowadays, I find that I use my PC gamepad as often as my mouse/keyboard.