It's 2014. Passwords need to be treated as a serious matter. Legacy system or not, there is no good reason to reduce keyspace. As others have mentioned, this is a sign that passwords are being made compatible with old phones without these letters available... and likely the passwords being reduced to numbers before storage. The prohibition of special characters also seems to corroborate this. Furthermore, the poster below who showed screenshots of being emailed their password indicates JetBlue is storing passwords either in plain-text, or encrypting them (both just as bad), instead of properly cryptographically hashing before storage. Link bait to boost StackExchange account. There is a prior discussion already at: https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=7741443 Pay this post no attention. I would argue that every programmer should be at least exposed to some assembly, so you can understand (and appreciate) a little more about how the computer actually does what it does. A great (free!) ebook pdf is "Programming From The Ground Up" on the GNU site: http://download.savannah.gnu.org/releases/pgubook/ SEO tactics and practices change so rapidly... almost any article or book written about SEO is outdated by the time it's released (unfortunately). Tactics that were considered "best practices" even 6 months ago may actually harm your site these days. -- There is no magic bullet for SEO. Typically I'm very anti-regulation -- but it seems proven ISP's need to be regulated to some degree. An ISP should do nothing more (or less) than just pass data from point A to point B (aka. "dumb pipes"). We are in the Information Age and unhindered access to information should be a commodity. It's a conflict of interest to be both an ISP and a content provider. I think it's the other way around ;-P Wait a minute! You mean my ever-increasing ISP fees at my home are not for the ISP to build a better network? You mean to tell me the ISP is now going to charge content providers for the ability to provide me with content that I'm already paying my ISP to deliver? You mean to tell me my content providers are now going to likely increase their fees to cope with this "fast lane"? This sounds an awful lot like extortion, and double billing. ISP's... you have one (1) job. Deliver packets. "I would have done this differently. I would have taken the time to consider the future" Yet she did not consider the future one bit. > Information security and customer data protection are of paramount importance to eBay Inc Which is exactly why we took 3 months to inform you, you've been hacked. It's because we care. Don't you see? P.O. Box should do it... cost someplace between $30-$75 a year for a small sized one. Leo could stay "homeless" if he chooses, but should at least have the comfort of knowing he has a hot meal if he chooses. I think the fact that the article title has a capitalized "S" in "systemd" speaks for itself -- ie. the author doesn't know much about systemd nor has followed systemd development. College helps teach critical thinking skills, which is very important. A lot of people seem to have the notion that college is "job/career training", well, it isn't (and if you are in college thinking that, you're in for an unpleasant surprise). No CS student graduates and is capable of engineering large-scale projects without at least several years as being a junior to someone and learning "how to do it in the real world". Most CS students graduate and don't even know what source control is. No, but college is about learning to think critically, and independently. You learn some cool topics along the way (and some not-so-cool topics), which stretch your brain and challenge those critical thinking skills. I think people view college wrong. Everyone should go to college. We want a more educated, more critically and independently thinking society. And that's what college provides. How much is your future worth to you? For motivated students, getting tuition assistance, and sometimes even free tuition is not difficult. There are so many scholarships available, FASFA, free grant money, and at worse, loans which are very low interest and you don't start making payments on it for several years. Tuition today may be inflated a little, I'll give you that. But I believe it more accurately reflects what it costs to provide said education. Who pays for the lights? Water? Building maintenance? It's not sustainable (as has been proven) to subsidize college education so significantly for everyone. So instead, the subsidies have been moved to scholarships, grants, loans, etc. It's a perspective thing. I'm a firm believer that college should not be free. You have to have some of your own "skin in the game", otherwise it's taken for granted. Your education, and accomplishments thereafter will be much more tangible if it was achieved by you for you. How are you "not convinced"? There is nothing to convince. College teaches you to write better (critical thinking skills in practice), interpret better (more critical thinking), implement better (yet more critical thinking), etc. Even your major courses teach you critical thinking. Of course you can teach yourself all the material you would learn during major courses. That stuff is largely irrelevant outside of college. If the argument is then "college teaches nothing", well then, I can't argue with you because this is nonsense. Get a degree from a reputable 4 year university and then come tell me it was a total absolute waste of 4 years. You may think that while attending college, but it's wasted effort. The true value of a college education is intangible. This debate always gets me. The sides are: 1) I should bother to better myself and learn more, show motivation and ambition; I can always be better. 2) I shouldn't bother to better myself and learn more, show motivation nor ambition; I'm good enough right now. Cost of education is largely irrelevant if you pursue scholarships and grants, or even low interest loans. Majority of a student's "school expenses" are not tuition, but rather in large part are living expenses -- which the student would incur even if not attending college. That would not result in a message of "True Crypt Is Not Secure!!!!" in bold red. Seems to be geared towards frightening people. I concur -- likely an elaborate website deface. NSA is obviously in on it. Who else would recommend using holy-bug-riddled proprietary-back-doored-on-purpose encryption software? ;-P Good point. If true, I'd much rather have them post a countdown clock and say "If we don't reach X funding goal in donations by date Y, then we will be forced to close the project". Funds would come in then... a lot of people depend on truecrypt. Is source still available? Can we check the commit tree for anything suspicious lately? Can someone compile it and check the hash against the 7.2 binary being offered? Project on SF is still available if you have a direct link: http://sourceforge.net/projects/truecrypt/files/TrueCrypt/ http://sourceforge.net/projects/truecrypt/?source=navbar http://sourceforge.net/p/truecrypt/activity/?page=0&limit=10... Odd, 6 hours ago someone updated the TruCrypt-key.asc files, then 3 hours later posted all the new binaries. Also odd is whoever posted the new binaries completely yanked all the previous ones, leaving only the new and questionable binary available for download. hmm... 2 things. 1) Obviously I was joking in my comment above. 2) That post is dated well before common knowledge of how "in-bed" Microsoft is with the USA spy agencies (at least management is). This is a topic for another discussion, but I just want to point out that, of course someone being coerced under gag order to install less-than above-water "features" and/or purposefully weaken the product would say exactly what is in the blog post. If, and only if, this is a legitament change done by a majority copyright holder(s) and/or project owner. I would be absolutely shocked if there was some reason any VC++ lib would not install on any modern Windows OS. Microsoft has many faults, but backwards compatibility is not one of them. I doubt this would be the reason. (Also, TrueCrypt runs on OSX and Linux too, so a build environment dependent on Windows-only seems odd). Such as managing complex build processes. The nice thing about git, is there is a ton of possible workflows depending on how much you care, how knowledgeable you are about git, level of effort willing to put forth, etc. I've found my workflow in git has changed over the years... just like my coding style does.