> I like that AMP forced publishing companies to take a hard look at page performance, for the first time in a while. True and false. It forced companies to pay attention to page performance... and then create an entirely separate version of every page they have, using up valuable developer time that could have been spent making the original pages faster. Google should (and now/soon are?) assess the performance of the page and rank it accordingly, not force everyone to make two versions of their site. But this is where the sneaky part of AMP comes in: they wanted that side-swiping carousel that meant you never engaged deeply with any one site and instead stayed on google.com (and kept those google.com ad cookies, natch). There was no way to force people into that without AMP. ...how do you think those AMP pages got made other than with valuable developer time? AMP versions of sites aren't just magicked out of thin air! Without "valuable developer time" there are no AMP sites. I think the point you're actually making is that without AMP forcing these sites to be faster, they would still be slow. Which I agree with. But as I said in my original post, Google ranking sites according to their performance would have the exact same effect as forcing AMP on people, except that it would let sites choose their own implementation rather than be strong-armed into one controlled by Google. > The parent argument was that the time spent differently would have the same effect. Again, no. The argument was that time spent focused on page performance would have the same effect. If Google punished slow pages in rankings that is all the incentive needed, not the creation of an entirely new platform. > Integrates with my watch and phone in such a way that I don’t even have to pull it out to pay. That’s contactless payment. Entirely possible without any Apple anything. A more cynical person might say that one of Apple’s strengths is marketing commoditised capabilities as something special. Ehhhh. Self driving cars have been just around the corner for a long time now. Not saying it won’t happen, but I wouldn’t buy a Tesla today on the assumption that it’ll happen within the lifetime of that car. That isn’t a very helpful comment. Perhaps you could illuminate us? Rust also lets you avoid atomics by using structs that implement Send. Having an async function return such a struct is a lot easier to map mentally (for me, at least) I think the OP was using examples from a different ecosystems to demonstrate how such a consensus could be reached, if people wished for it. I think your comments have made that clear. Which is fair enough. But I imagine others feel differently. I think the biggest reason is simply that esbuild hasn’t been around for that long and isn’t as customisable as Webpack. The latter point is important: if esbuild wants to introduce more customisability it’ll need to use more JS, and be slower. Because there’s a very small defined set of actions a person can take in such games: backwards, forwards, left, right, etc. By comparison pages have dozens of links, form fields, menus, etc. It’s not that they can’t be navigated with the keyboard alone, it’s that it’s rarely the most efficient way of doing it. Clicking a link will always be quicker than pressing tab X number of times to select it. Why is keyboard use the pinnacle of UI? Pretty much every device has some kind of mouse-like device attached to it, and trackpads with good scrolling (e.g. Apple ones) are a wonderfully intuitive way to control movement. I get that HN likes using the keyboard for stuff like terminals, I do too. But web pages aren’t terminal applications. The situation you’re describing is one where trained professionals use one and only one UI. Web sites aren’t like that. They’re used by a vast number of people of differing technical ability, and different sites do incredibly different things. I’m not saying a keyboard UI is never right. I’m saying that it isn’t universally right. Everyone says that Apple’s business is selling hardware but that’s changing. Apple Music, Apple TV, iCloud storage and their commission on app sales are all clear software incentives. Yes, they’re still dominated by hardware sales but it’s obvious they are interested in diversifying. Count me among those people. The U.K. is home to some absolutely wonderful people but those in power (and those who wish to be close to that power) are depressingly small thinkers, to me. Their vision is locked on a semi-fictional past where Great Britain was an exceptional country without fault or failure. They want to recapture something that never existed and are willing (if not eager) to throw away a position that was enviable for those in and out of the EU. I knew someone that worked at Apple around the launch of the iPhone. They worked on the macOS (then OSX, I guess) team and said they had very little idea that the iPhone was coming, despite it heavily using OS work they’d done. They were called into a few meetings and asked obscure questions but were never told why. So I guess that helps. But it seems wildly inefficient to me. I guess it helps to have a giant pile of cash. This is really cool but I doubt this is now PICO8 works, since PNG lets you create arbitrary chunks of data that standard decoders will ignore: > All ancillary chunks are optional, in the sense that encoders need not write them and decoders can ignore them. http://www.libpng.org/pub/png/spec/1.2/PNG-Chunks.html I stand corrected! I maintain it’s an odd choice given the availability of alternatives, but I suppose it’s all in good fun. IMO it’s a different question. SQLite and Postgres are both relational databases, it stands to reason that they’re at least doing things in similar ways. They’re two implementations of the same idea(ish). A graph database is something else altogether. Grafting that capability onto a relational database has the potential to perform horribly. It’s a bad analogy, but SQLite to Postgres is like AMD vs Intel x86 CPUs, whereas a graph database is ARM. Can it be emulated? Yes. Is there a far greater potential for slowdown? Yes. I got a Roku device too, and just didn't connect it to the internet. Works fine for me. I'd still prefer an unconnected option, but this will do. I’ll admit I’m in the same boat as the OP: overwriting accessors in this way sets off alarm bells internally based on my own past experience of writing code that’s too clever for its own good. But to turn this on its head, can you give an example of the kind of divine, really nice solution you’d get from using this? > they didn’t have the correct understanding/skills to manage a Mongo DB According to the post they paid Mongo a lot of money for support and they didn’t have the correct understanding/skills either. It sounds to me like the core problem is their requirement to run Mongo on their own AWS stack rather than Mongo’s, and while Mongo claimed to support it seems like they didn’t really. No doubt this was a huge migration but from my personal perspective going from Mongo to Postgres feels like a move in the right direction in the long term. For one you have a lot more options for support! I see this as something different: the sign of a mature product. What are competitors doing that Google Maps isn’t? Maybe I’m missing something but I see no significant features. (Not to mention, the Maps API != Google Maps the product) > So if people had been allowed to take experimental vaccines, the pandemic would have been a lot better. > In this circumstance as well, taking a chance is worth it. Nope nope nope nope. This is the literal example of survivor bias. You can't look at the results and use them to inform prior behaviour. The vaccine could have had catastrophic side effects. One extra problem with Amazon is that a lot of products are sold by third party merchants and their site UX seems to deliberately obscure the fact. Same goes for Walmart, though I have less experience using them. If I order from Amazon, from Amazon, I tend to have good experiences. If I order third party from Amazon it’s a crap shoot.