er Warren Buffet learned from a guy called Benjamin Graham who's books are still in print and considered clasics the K&R or Kunth of investing if you will. Try "the intelligent investor." well I wouldn't call a few racks in some one elses co-lo a data center. Well taking just TV Stargate had several very intelligent characters as role models Sam, Daniel, Jonas, Rodney and Jeannie. and NCIS has Abby and Tim. And the BBC's new sherlock also has a hyper intelligent character. Hmm I can't see using a dremel to power a centrifuge working for non trivial lab uses. And as @jlgreco comments elsewhere chemistry labs have glass-working techs that make a lot of the kit - I recall being taught very basic glass-working at school. A Lot of lab gear is very specialized when I worked at RnD organization lab they had 2 wood shops a metal shop and an electronics shop to build one off experimental kit. And we employed Very good guys some of the wood pieces they turned out where stunningly beautiful. I could see 3d printing working for some labs but this would be the very high end ones that have decent resolution and accuracy and can work with a wider range of materials. Big question is would it be that much cheaper than cnc machining or sintering - given that labs have machine tools and technicians to run them. You are wrong in the UK the first two years of employment are effectively at will - at lot of employment rights only accrue after two years. And if an employer pulls a fast one and break the rules on they don't get fined by labor courts as they do in the USA. True but a slipping on spilled diesel and falling down a flight of stairs is one danger still think rigging block an tackle would be much more efficient. not if they are showing contempt of court they don't Could very well be a co-optee which the KGB used to do a lot in the past and presumably the FSB is no different. Lets be honest no sensible Russian is going to say no to the FSB if they ask for a favor. Doesn't work for major cities an example from the UK 2 bed flat in Bedford a 35/50 min commute is £115,000 red lion square near our office its £625,000. Oops I meant Bedford to st pancras the midland mainlines intercity 125 are 35 min station to station. First capital connect is a bit longer (50-55 min) I normally catch 7:30 and am in the office at 8:40. For eu countries just make sure that your uk subsidiary is an interested party /effected by the crime and eu arrest warrants are easy to get. Sorry if you don't think that say a Spitfire isn't sexy and should make any engineers heart sing just to see it fly and to hear the sound of the merlin or griffin you have no soul. And the sad grandeur of the last TSR2 (look it up) all alone at the back of a hanger with its wings off at Cranfield doesn’t make you sad you should not be working in technology not even on some little iphone fart app. One would hope that the US has something like list X status for companies that are sensitive (and telcos and coms companys are) and have senior people and those with acess to sensitive information vetted. I know a senior developer in British telecom who worked on the system that tracks every private circuit in the UK and she was being PV'd (positively vetted its called developed vetting these days) - as she had root access to this system same as being TS cleared in the USA. UM you know governments have exemptions to those laws in fact these days all western TLA's have a statutory basis took a while in the UK's case mind you. But does Google follow best practice or did they invent their own half-assed method - the evidence from the way the Chinese hacked them is the latter. If Google were serious they should have brought out Bruces company Counterpane and put him in charge of security. Thats why a I mentioned statutory if for example the FBI had suspicions that the KGB/SVR or another state had agents within a company they would take action and they have caught a number of spies doing this. The KGB back in the day had an entire department Line X that was dedicated to industrial espionage - Putin apparently was in this Department Well not properly securing the system the us law enforcement used to legaly get info from google - that should have been locked down properly with hardware cypto gear so that it could only talk one way to approved system in the FBI or better still via an air gap. Its blindingly obvious to any one with even a basic knowledge of computer security best practice. They spearfished a pc apparently. And systems used by your TLA's to handle law enforcement access are not available to "any device on the internet" As I said they should be set up to only talk over a private circuit to one other end point and also have proper hardware crypto gear that is external to the systems. separating the extraction of data and applying the decoding probably should have been done on separate systems. yeh right that's going to scale NOT - UGC spam can cause your site to tank I have seen this happen to major authority sites (I work for FSTE 100 publisher) Our suspicion is that when we clamped down on the spammers by banning accounts they reported our site for spam that they had created we lost 20% of our traffic - major brands like us can tough it out this could kill smaller sites without the runway to survive this or have "friends" inside the wire at Google. I have had to help a small company completely rename and start again on a new domain after some one hacked the site and inserted 1000's of pages with links to porn sites. Will be abused sadly ;-( oh come on if they abolished NI Social Security or its equivalent do you really think that your employer would suddenly pay you that? If you believe that I have some shares to sell you in London bridge Probably because its expensive and requires a lot of people and isn't amenable to automation even a cheap show is running at 1M per hour. It will be interesting to see how BT Vision plays out in the UK. Well from a pro perspective (I have done a lot of work in analyzing jobs and classified sites) there doesn't appear to be any taxonomy or role/Geo browse structure. Handling expired jobs and cat/geo pages with no adverts is another tricky area. But mondragon worked so well for situational and cultural reasons Basque culture is very cooperative. That's the way most coops work coop by ownership not coop by management except for major decisions where everyone one get their say. I once chaired a share holders meeting of a coop and had to ask the founder to stop speaking as he had all ready spoken on the substantive motion and other junior members wanted to speak. Thank goodness for Citrine (The Uk equivalent to Roberts Rules of Debate)