He's not alone in applying physics math to number theory. One thing that makes mathematicians leery of physics-inspired proofs is that physicists accept mathematical transformations that produce correct experimental results but that have not been proven axiomatically. For example, here is a proof of the Riemann Hypothesis: http://aip.scitation.org/doi/10.1063/1.5012170 It uses operations on an analytic continuation of the zeta function. Are they OK? I don't know. If they are, it's Fields Medal material. But this is nothing new. Oliver Heaviside revolutionized differential equation solving with the Heaviside Operator, which gives correct answers to electromagnetic problems. Nowadays we call it the Laplace Transform, because Laplace had used what turned out equivalent, for other purposes. Other reasons Heaviside is often ignored are that he was a commoner, and he published all his papers in a newspaper. He originated the theory of transmission lines (inventing the loading coils you still see hanging between telephone poles) and atmospheric radio propagation, both often credited to others. See Paul Nahin, "Oliver Heaviside: Sage in Solitude" It should be noted that Maxwell's quaternion formulation of the same relations has just two equations. Vector notation won out over quaternions not from elegance or power, but from practical details of working them on paper. Now that we don't, anymore, quaternions are probably the better notation. Somebody should rewrite an E-M and an optics textbook. In other words, physicists were entirely correct to toss the infinite values, and mathematicians were later persuaded it was mathematically sound. Nowadays, although physicists say they are "renormalizing", they still just toss the infinite values. They're justified by results of experiments. Mathematicians are limited because, typically, they have no handy universe to run experiments in, never mind budget for a supercollider. String theory has no experiments, so has no touchstone to justify dodgy maths. String theorists routinely depend on the infinite sum 1 + 2 + 3 + ... = -1/12, without apology. It's anybody's guess how well that will turn out in the end, but it hasn't interfered with grants, publication, or tenure, so it's OK so far. I guess Nahin called it a newspaper because it came out on newsprint, folded over, weekly. It would be called a trade rag, these days, if we had those anymore. https://books.google.com/books?id=ehJbAAAAYAAJ&dq=intitle%3A... Potato, potahto. If the experiment produced different results, mathematicians would not be asked for an opinion until the physicists came up with some other math. Because the experiment matched, mathematicians were obliged to invent a framework to justify it. Some people say that they are using "=" to mean something else, and relying on context to distinguish which "=" they mean. But it's less fun to say that the sum of the natural numbers "is associated with" -1/12, especially if you have to say how, exactly. Heaviside's comment, famously, was "Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not fully understand the process of digestion?" I am astonished that, in the two years, you had not already handled 100+ scheduled failovers. If your HA is good, customers don't notice, and if not, you find out when there are fewer of them (and in daytime!), and fix it. Probably by now Pacemaker would have been abandoned. A hundred drills would have been enough to flush out these behaviors. If you are afraid to run drills on production equipment, you should be running them on a full-scale production testbed, ideally with mirrored production traffic. With a production-scale testbed, two years is enough to run thousands of risk-free failovers. Not doing frequent production failure drills is just irresponsible. Firefox says "this add-on could not be installed because it appears to be corrupt" Nobody seems to want to say it, but murder is a much more plausible explanation than suicide or accident. It is scary to think so because the murderer and his accomplices remain free and in power. This article doesn't explain why they have so much trouble with versioning a protocol that is quite a lot simpler than many IP protocols that work. They shouldn't need GREASE, because anybody implementing TLS should be testing against a dedicated server, identified in the RFC, that connects as a client and jiggles all the knobs. What, no conformance testing address is in the RFC? There's your problem right there. To the conspiracy-minded among us, it is clear that "some people" don't want progress on encrypted communications, and know just what percentage of devices need to be intolerant of progress to stall adoption of fixes. Making browsers treat dropped connections as part of the protocol was very convenient for "those people". I.e., this is not (significantly) a matter of incompetent implementers, this is an enemy attack. Deployment plans that assume good faith by all parties fail under enemy attack. As with everything cryptographic, a threat model is essential. Deployment is as much a part of the system and attack surface as the ciphers. This posting makes me unaccountably happy. Not to take anything away from cetaceans, but this article slights elephants and crows. Both recognize themselves in mirrors, and invent tools. Without looking at any other solutions, I whipped up a one-off 37-line C++11 program that is easily twice as fast as the best D or Rust one, with no special tricks. (Change out the uses of "auto" and it qualifies as C++98.) I am appalled that a 125-line program to do such a simple job could win. If that was the best they could do, I would have kept the challenge open until something better came in. I haven't tried the other programs on one-field files, or where the field selected is the first, or the last. Did you? #include #include #include #include #include int main(int, char** argv) { std::ifstream in(argv[1]); std::string head; if (!(in >> head)) return std::cout sputn(&head[1], head.size()-2); ob->sputc('\n'); bool skipping = pos == 0; for (int c = 0, count = skip_pre; (c = ib->snextc()) != EOF; ) { if (c == ',' || c == '\n') { if (skipping) { count = skip_post + skip_pre; skipping = count == 0; ob->sputn(&sub[0], sub.size()); } else if (--count == 0) { skipping = true; } ob->sputc(c); } else if (!skipping) ob->sputc(c); } } His influence on robotics has been mostly negative, although the mechanism has been mostly journalistic stupidity. The "three laws" could never be implemented in hardware, they were just rules about how to make stories. "Suppose robots followed these. What would happen?" His answer was that they would quietly take over the world and keep us as pets. Because nothing like them could be implemented, there was no predictive value. The actual outcome, without laws and with corporations standing in for the robots, is that we are livestock and vermin, according to individual usefulness and accidents of birth. The hydrogen fuel pathway has already been solved, and much more elegantly. Hydrogen produced by direct, catalytic hydrolysis from sunlight, in water, is taken up by microbes in the water that absorb CO2 and excrete hydrocarbons -- oil -- that floats to the surface, and is directly usable in existing fuel tanks and engines, no further processing needed. I use state machines all the damn time. Am I, then, no developer? Maybe you meant to say that only competent developers use state machines. But that would place you outside their august company, leaving us little reason to credit your observation. In that world, the absence of state machines in one's code would reliably indicate incompetence. But in fact, by definition, there is no computer program on God's green Earth that is not a state machine. Programming languages were created specifically to make the state machines they compile down to look more intuitive and less like, you know, state machines. So the observation is really that our programs usually look the way they were intended to look, except when we abuse our language in pursuit of performance, elegance, or other consensual delusion. There is no such language as "C/C++". Putting that in your title telegraphs that you don't have much to say, even if you might. This article made no sense at all. It could have made sense with a few strategically placed definitions. "Depression" is used to describe any number of barely-related syndromes. The only way anybody seems to know to distinguish them, or to diagnose them, is by which medication turns out to help after it's been tried. That makes drug trials iffy propositions; if a drug helps only one per six patients, maybe they were the only ones with the kind of depression it's good for. (And of course some patients have more than one kind.) Medically, it rivals unconsciousness for making the patient unable to seek help, with the wrinkle that others tend to blame the patient for failing to try hard enough. There is no language named C/C++. There is C, and there is C++. To be taken seriously, treat them as the very different languages they are. It's much easier to express what's wrong with design pattern chatter: Each design pattern represents a failure in the host language to provide facilities sufficient to abstract the pattern as a library component. when you find yourself relying on design patterns, it is a sign that it is long past time to switch to a more expressive language. This is a very interesting article, but many of the numbers are off. The three foundation stones at Baalbek are estimated at 800 to 1100 tons each. The Romans never managed to move anything much over 300 tons -- one of the Egyptian obelisks had to be broken up so they could bring the top part to Rome. Nobody knows who moved the stones at Baalbek, but they are much more deeply weathered than the Roman temples built on top. It is considered important that they did not need to be lifted, as they were quarried from higher than their final resting place.