Usually its like a 30 second loop vs an actual music video. There would be no point. Big brands use these techniques and they are the clients for these social media companies. Tiktok influencers are some of the most popular there are today. They’ve been sanctified when they started hanging out with Kardashians. Not always true, it can backfire hard. I know zero 30 year olds wearing abercrombie, hollister, or american eagle today, although that was literally the only acceptable brands for them 15 years ago. Abercrombie still sprays that cologne in their stores, reminds you of stepping back into highschool or middleschool. Lets agree to strongly disagree The issue is not that we need n+1 political parties. Its that people don’t have time or much motivation to read actual policy. This was probably the gruesome incident that got heads banned: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killing_of_Tim_McLean The human eye has more dynamic range than any camera sensor so you are going off a lot more data I think the takeaway is that government represents too many people and you cant satisfy everyone, so leaders listen to citizen action groups and lobbyists who are able to aggregate all these different viewpoints into more broadly popular legislation and show with their supporters that these ideas would be popular among a given electorate. Road runoff is usually pretty polluted in cities and some places have laws against capturing rainwater to protect downstream resources. The biggest issue with the west was that it was in a historic wet period 100 years ago when water rights laws were solidified with different groundwater levels. Its a drought only relative to this time, historically in Southern california it is usually dry like this. The issue with runoff water in LA and other cities is that its super polluted. You don’t even want to swim in the ocean after a rain. If you wanted to be smart about it you would have to treat it, but it rains in earnest so few times that building that infrastructure would be too costly if its only going to be used when it deluges 6 times a year. What the city has been doing instead is honestly a better long term move imo. They treat sewage and turn it into grey water, which is used to water public grass spaces like parks and is starting to be used as well as recharge local aquifers since the state says the ground is the best filter for grey water. Unlikely since it rains so few times the cost to benefit ratio is terrible. Instead the city has been treating wastewater and using that constant source of greywater to irrigate public parks and recharge aquifers. A lot of people still buy with like 5% down and pay pmi even in hot markets. There are also first time homeowner benefits. My city offers a down payment loan where you can pay 1% down up to like a 750k home if you are lower income. I think that not a lot of people are well educated on homeownership and think that you need to have a huge down payment or an all cash offer, when thats just not true, and often don’t know about the benefits offered to first time homeowners by multiple levels of government. The appreciation also throws you up the economic ladder fast. Say you put 5% down on a 500k house, you are out 25k. Next year you have a 600k house with the same payments. You’ve now gained 75k just by existing, and you can even flip and use that profit on a down payment for a larger house, maybe even getting your monthly payment about the same as the smaller house since your down payment is a larger proportion and you are no longer paying pmi. It might not be a clean trade but their are situations where your equity growth in house 1 gives you enough liquidity for a larger down payment on house 2 where your monthly payments might even be lower, especially if it means things like you no longer paying pmi. This is how the property game is played in places with moving real estate markets, I know people who paid more a month for the condo they lived in a few years building equity and seeing gain to afford a down payment on a single family home. You can do that right now with any car on the road. Guns break windows easily and people aren’t going to risk their lives for a set of keys, they will let you have the car and whatever else. In the US it seems like theft of parts is a lot more popular. Things like wheels, light housings, and catalytic converters are especially popular. Getting a car out of the country is a lot harder when you don't share land borders with eastern europe. When people steal cars they usually only use it for as long as it takes to commit another crime. A lot of the car chases are with stolen cars so police have no clue who is inside since running plates returns the owner. Its as ridiculous as when I see a package in the store labelled “beefless beef.” Why not just call it what it is, which is plant based ground chuck. Beefless beef sounds like something from rick and morty. Lots of things have some references to chicken too. The issues with water capture is that you are basically building an illegal reservoir and not necessarily returning the water as it were if it just hit the ground. You might flush your toilet and think all is fine, but maybe now the creek in your back yard goes dry a week sooner in the year, and less tadpoles are able to be born or some other unforseen ecological effect. Or maybe downstream water users don’t get what they expect out of the watershed anymore due to illegal collecting. I flew out of LAX last month and they had us keep our shoes on. I cant imagine how large scale of an airport would be required to do all that for everyone on the plane in 10 mins before the flight. The most they will do with a train is hit it against another and i bet the speed is capped anyhow to make turns within the system. Much more effective to load a van with bombs and leave it someplace. A plane is a cruise missile in comparison and can destroy anything you point it at. There are a lot more reasons to live somewhere than commuting convenience alone. The reports of the death of the city have been greatly exaggerated. It turns out city dwellers need a lot more infrastructure than just a local brewery. Namely a functional school district and a population that isn’t 97% white and strongly skewed conservative. Now with Trump out of office journalism as a whole has certainly gotten better imo. That man took the air out of the room from any other topic worthy of ink. Their choice of algorithms also maximizes the reach of these people, since they use the same mechanisms that maximize the reach of advertisers (twitters actual client, users are the product).