Just because someone knows who I am does not mean that'll matter when it comes to proving things in court, which in real life isn't as easy as one might imagine. >he probably won't get out for a while If only I'd get sentenced in the first place. Unless there's ever any public court records, I doubt you'll find much (if any) good information. If that was a case, people running SSDP (and other UDP service) honeypots would no doubt have noticed the massive increase in traffic. Majority of our bandwidth does not come from these so called "reflection attacks". But is in fact "real" bandwidth. We are using actual 0days to compromise the (about 100k-150k) servers we have. I'm actually rather excited for the eventual technical analysis of our net by someone with actual technical competence. It might end up causing quite a bit of noise. Well, I live in a country that will not extradite it's own citizens. And even if I somehow did manage to get extradited the US has a legal system where you'd actually have to prove a persons guilt, not just speculate it based on some IRC log of dubious origin. That's a popular view, but I don't think that in real life it's an entirely correct one. At the very least those with money tend to be able to have a fair trial in the US. Lots of it is the sort of equipment you wouldn't notice. Not exactly embedded stuff though. There was a few rails YAML bots on an IRC for maybe an hour before another bot was loaded on them. (But that was like over an year ago) A large chunk of the boxes we control do not have any sort of web apps running on them. Ones public actions do not necessarily equal ones skills. The motives behind LS are more complex than some journos believe, something that should be obvious by the darkode connection alone. Krebs seems to be pretty lost, especially considering that he thinks we've been attacking his site for past 40 days or so. That's just not true (and anyway, if Prolexic couldn't keep PSN up why would they be able to keep his site up?), only thing linking us to attacks against him was a joke in the topic of our fake recruitment channel telling people to take his site down for an hour or so. Anyway, as for my motives (besides money, of course)? You don't get access to this many boxes without stumbling on at least something interesting. One thing you should understand, we currently have basically two types of clients. First is of course the kids who go to lizardstresser.su and buy the $20 plan so they can attack people they play video games with. Now, on the other hand we have our corporate clients. These corporate clients usually contact us via email or over forums and either make us a fixed offer or request a quote for a given target and time-frame. Now, these types of clients are usually willing to pay tens, if not hundreds of thousands of dollars to disrupt their competition for a couple of days. The second type of customer is obviously our main source of income, and what better way to find those clients than worldwide media publicity? It'd be funny if this ended up being a sting op, wouldn't it? You're pretty quick to call people morons for someone who doesn't have a clue about what he is talking about. These routers Krebs is talking about (Which have largely been infected since August) were never connected to an IRC network. And as for the gcloud servers, yeah we connected a few of them to the public IRC... So what? It's not like as if they we're ever going to survive beyond few hours. Also, Krebs seemed to imply that we used the Google bots for DDoS attacks... That's pretty ridiculous considering Google will automatically suspend you if they detect traffic anomalies. If we were awful at opsec we probably would have already been identified by someone. We've been going at this since August. Why bother? DNSSEC is hardly useful in real life anyway. Asking the compromised DNS server if it's been compromised is a really good way to find out if it's been compromised. 1) Is not a valid argument, or at least shouldn't be. By that logic we should completely drop UDP. Unrelated to the topic, but has Gandi decided to stop hijacking users domains and holding them hostage? I had Gandi seize a fairly decent domain of mine for "abuse" (Which is funny because the domain wasn't even in use) and communicating with the support was just a truly horrible experience, they wouldn't even tell me what the domain was actually suspended for. If you're worried about opening ports, you're doing security wrong. A simple curl reveals that it isn't... And how often are deface pages serving malware anyways? IMO it would be much more sensible to serve malware off of a page that _doesn't_ announce it has been hacked. Interestingly enough, despite malaysia airlines claiming that this is just a DNS hijack. It appears that their own CDN (Akamai) is now serving the deface page. (The page was being served by cloudflare before) Not really, the page is being served from MAS's own servers now. How can the journalist reliably evaluate who "Lizard Squad" is aligned with, especially with them repeatedly claiming to support ISIS? Which would imply that their backend was compromised, not just DNS. Unless there was something horribly wrong with their setup, akamai would have prevented that from happening. Akamai makes you to set your own DNS server for it to pull records from, the domain getting hijacked should not have any effect on what that DNS server is returning. MAS's CDN that is. The same CDN they were using before the hack even happened.