Best book hands down for learning JS is called Simply Javascript from Sitepoint written by Kevin Yank and Cameron Adams. Justin.tv is alllll python. Not Ruby. Python baby. lynx, top, "curl -O " on my mac since it doesn't come with wget (who's dumb idea was that?) Thanks everyone for all of your info. Let me explain our situation and it might help some of you guys understand where I am coming from and where I am trying to go, as well as others out there in the same situation. Right now we're developing, as I mentioned above, in Django and use SVN for everything. We have DB's locally. From the get go we knew that there would be two major versions of our website. "Phase1" was fairly simple, the initial creation of the site and initial deploy into production. "Phase2" Was the next giant step, which was essentially (and we learned this as we went) going to be an entire redesign from the ground up. We pretty much touched every file, redesigned over half of our models, etc... So, we created a branch called phase2-development and continued working. This was a pain in the ass because we still had to run and maintain the older "phase1" code locally for bug fixes, etc.. as well as continue our future development of the "Phase2" code. We also ran into problems later on because we were fixing bugs in the trunk "Phase1" and not merging those as we went into our phase2-development branch. So at one point we spent an entire weekend merging code. We just launched our "Phase2" stuff a month or so ago, however, it wasn't all of the functionality we wanted in phase2 so we refer to it as phase1.5. Our head guy (more marketing/business xp. than tech came up with those names, so for all of us you can think of it as s/phase/version/g) So now we're about to dive fullspeed into actually completing phase2, and but we still need to be able to maintain and fix bugs on the production site. What should we do? I would rather not run two copies of the site but since the new development we're going to be doing is going to be even crazier than going from v1 to v1.5 so not sure if that's even possible. Should we just create anther branch and develop on that? I'm not even sure the correct questions to be asking here, maybe you guys can help me from what I've described :) Yeah, Capistrano is language exclusive, you can use it for anything. I have looked into it but never found it that exciting. I guess I need to revisit Capistrano :) Garrr. Yes, that's the word I was looking for. Thanks :) I vote HSBC as well :) I'm 18 and have worked for three startups in the past and am currently the lead designer on two. I really don't mean to brag by this, it just leads to my next point. Also, this doesn't fully pertain to programming per say because I am a front end designer, but hopefully this comment helps :) When I was younger, 14 or so, I really became fascinated with server technology, databases, the web, etc... I was just starting High School so I essentially had all the time in the world to dick around with linux and php and all of that jazz, and I did. I was REALLY frustrated until maybe 6 months ago with programming in general. I would try tutorials, and could follow along and do what was written, but it never made sense in my head. I pretty much dismissed the concept of being a programmer and stuck to what I feel is my talent, front end design. I build blogs atop Wordpress, dabbled with PHP, but never really became a programmer. In the summer of 2006 I joined my first startup and began working with a team of really, really talented and smart guys on a Django site. This is where I was first introduced to a real smart environment. I was in a place where I knew just enough to ask good questions to help me learn. It's now 2008 and although I am STILL not a programmer, haha, I feel I have a really good grasp on database modeling, basic functional programming, etc... I know PHP fairly well and am becoming familiar with Python because every major site I have built since that first startup in 06 has been Django :) Anyways, moral of the story is, a few years ago I could have never even dreamed of being where I am today. In the world of front end design and back end programming. I went from looking up to designers like Bryan Veloso, Steve Smith, Dan Cederholm, to actually feeling like I can sit at their lunch table and talk the talk with them. I still admire those guys of course, but now I feel like I am closer to them. So, my advice is to just dive into anything you can, just like you have. It really doesn't matter what language you learn first. Focus on learning the thought processes behind building something. You can write a book in spanish or english, the meaning will be the same. So focus on problem solving, finding solutions. Also, surround yourself with smart people. Stay passionate. If you're passionate about becoming a programmer, you will, and you'll do it the right way. The best way to learn something, hands down, is to just do it. Don't try learning PHP through tutorials on how to make a shopping list, start learning PHP by building the webapp you want to build :) This all kind of just spewed out of my mind, I hope it makes some sense :) Debian & Ubuntu for the win :) Nothin' beats apt-get! What's wrong with JSON? :) Idiots and Java developers made me lol. I kid, I kid. This is the best method right here, hands down. That's exactly the sort of thing I've been looking for. Thanks for the link man, appreciate it. Good question. I'm just a front end guy, so I am not exactly sure what we can and cannot do, or if we actually can do a lot of this stuff in both, etc.... But the developers tell me that Leopard offers a lot of animations and stuff (CoreSomethingSomething? haha) that Tiger does not do. Hahahah. Amazing. +1 for NO to Dreamhost. Hands down the worst web host out there. Go for a cheap VPS like Slicehost and roll your own. You have control over everything, and they have rock solid uptime. The startup I work for :) http://schoolrack.com We're extremely (this week) close to launching student and parent account types, so students and parents will be able to easily collaborate with teachers via the already existing features we've got, plus we're going to add a gradebook, discussion board, and quite a few other features. Paypal does this very easily online. Camino has to be one of the worst browsers I have ever used. I don't know what they are up to. In my mind, Camino should simply be Firefox with Webkit replacing the gecko engine... but it's not even on par with Firefox. One thing I hate about Mac in general is their hate for navigating solely with the keyboard. A lot of third-party apps do a good job letting you navigate using your kb only (such as cmd+1, cmd+2... to hit tabs in FF) but the last time I used Camino they were seriously lacking in that department. Clicking links with the mousewheel is also very important to me (to open in a new tab). I can attest to Paul's claims that this is a valid problem. Yes, a lot of bloggers do write whatever they feel and it just comes out real easy, but a lot of bloggers (such as myself) would love to have some sort of resource to find out what readers want to hear. Skribit is a great idea. I think it's still very young and has a lot of room to grow, but it's a terrific start and the first of its kind. Michael Whalen - http://news.ycombinator.com/user?id=whalesalad jokes. Eeeeeez. Meat space just sounds sooo wrong. Wow yes. We're never going to launch. ever. If there is one game I can play for hours on end, it was Diablo II. Cannot WAIT for this!!!! brianloveswords: Coda has to be the worst editor on the planet. It deserves no mention here. Seriously, it's the worst thing Panic has ever done. Ever. Sure it's pretty... but that's it. I'm seriously flabbergasted that people prefer Coda to Textmate. Re: Textmate vs. Emacs: It's like comparing Apples and Oranges. An orange juice producer will farm oranges, and an apple juice producer willf farm apples. To the man using Textmate on OS X, you probably code Javascript an CSS, and might dabble in Rails or vice versa. The guy using Emacs might be doing this as well, but there is a good chance he's a hardcore AI Lisp hacker. I am a web designer. I write CSS, XHTML, and JS. I deal with Django templates all day long, a web browser, and the remaining time is in the terminal. I'm more terminal oriented than most/all designers I know, but for the most part I am playing around in a GUI wonderland. I use Textmate. Textmate really truly is a powerful editor, I will not disagree. Textmate is hands down the best editor I have ever used, for all of the reasons you have suggested. But I won't deny that Emacs is probably also one of the best editors in the world. My CTO/Partner/best friend uses Emacs. He's a python hacker. He writes python all day long. He's got a Thinkpad running Ubuntu and quite a few terminal windows. He's doing a totally different kind of work, interfacing with the back-end mostly while I deal with the front end. He swears by Emacs. I tend to think of Emacs more like an OS actually... you can play games in it, browse the web, use your term, check your mail, and edit all kinds of crap. It's extremely powerful. The sumo package contains a TON of extra stuff. Anyway, no one can really say X editor is better than Y editor. Similar to the way a programmer will ultimately take on a certain language as his own, the same thing occurs with an editor. At some point learning or playing with a new editor is like learning a whole new language. Might as well get dropped smack dab in the middle of Spain, or throw out all of your Python/Ruby/insert-lang-here for Objective-C. It's the same kind of pain. But I do agree that bloatware crap like Xcode and Eclipse are simply... crap. Anyway hope some of that made sense. I might have gone off track a bit :/ For the record I am a huge fan of Textmate and use it religuiously. export EDITOR="mate -w" :) Everything else is vim though, haha, sorry Emacs lovers. So the big question everyone is asking is, now that this new release doesn't include Installer.app, what is the point? Would I still be able to SSH to my iPhone and run a tunnel to use it in a tether like fashion with my laptop?