It seems to me that this could easily be defeated by switching on 'red eye reduction' to produce a smaller flash moments before the main flash. Hang on, I thought "features are a one-way street" Another Mac user here. I gave Ubuntu a spin the other week, running in Virtualbox on my main machine. I thought it looked slick and was very usable. Then I tried downloading and installing Firefox 3. I grabbed it, unarchived it and then.... then what? Where's the bloody installer. Yes, that's exactly the kind of trite understanding of history that the author is worried about. Well done. ... and no, I'm not a boomer. ...and if you did it yourself on a bit of paper you would probably end up having to scan it in. I think the look is excellent. It makes explicit to the client or whoever that this is a mock-up and not to be confused with the look and feel of the app/site. You can say that until you are blue in the face and quite often someone will say 'isn't that line a bit thick'. Moreover sometimes designers can get locked into overly prescriptive design rough too early. This avoids that. I don't see any conflict. You suggest that that eval is used to "manipulate search results". It could just as easily be used to score results and flag up problems in the ranking mechanisms. As the man says, they are constantly refining the algorithm, - so presumablt they need constant feedback on how well the algorithm's working. No? Many thanks for the explanation. Much appreciated. Got it. many thanks. For the same reason that people still write with a Biro or Hoover the carpet. I remember playing this as a kid about 35 years ago. It was described in a book called The Indoor Games boo, published in the UK. The same book also introduced me to the rather fun 'Nine Mens Morris' - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nine_Men's_Morris Thats how these things always start. ... and then people start requesting 'just a couple' of new features. The Tag inspector is a Webkit feature, as are the resizeable text input boxes. Webkit has been getting 100% on Acid3 for a few months now, so I'm not sure why your Chrome install isn't. Anyone had any luck getting the help/how to use pages to come up? Interesting that it still lists the Mayor of London as Ken Livingstone, who was elected out back in May. "Apple doesn't tell musicians, "don't make crappy music," or "you song is of limited musical appeal." You're right - Apple relies on music publishers to do that for them. The analogy between music store and appstore is not exact. My main thought watching the advert was, "that's sad, Bill Gates steps down from running Microsoft, and now spends his time in discount shoe stores?" I'm honestly not trying to take a dig at the ad, but it did feel rather tragic. "What's missing knowing how to do it (software inventions)". Not really, the scope of the hardware plays an important role. Consider: that you could perform the processing needed to play Half Life 2 on an abacus. But even if the abacus wielder followed the commands exactly and emulated the x86 instructions with paper and pencil, would anything actually emerge from the exercise that would be enlightening in anyway? Probably not, since it would take a few thousand years (I'm handwaving here) to compute the contents of the first frame. Which suspect would pale insignificance compared to the threat from the new generation of pirate that such an installation would spawn. Visions of a parrot sitting on someone's shoulder squawking "pieces of RAM". Personally, I would have though that in a world with Twitter, IM and all the rest, e-mail would be the least of your worries. I came here to say the same. Effectively content free, possibly actually content negative. I think most of his analysis is reasonable, certainly I think many of the Mac icons work better at smaller sizes. I think he cuts the Safari icon too much slack, however - I didn't realise that there were continents painted in the background of the compass, and the compass is fairly weak as a metaphor for the Web. I think the Finder icon is poor too. Disclosure: Another Mac user. The essay makes this assertion a couple of times: "The banking system .. just lost > 1 Trillion dollars (so far) on a single error, more than was ever earned in the history of banking." Really, more than was ever earned in the history of banking? To me that would seem to imply that at this point every banking institution would be bankrupt. Shouldn't a guy who chides people for sloppy thinking be rather more careful, or am I just missing something and being stoopid? If AIG went down, do you in some way think you would find it easier to get a loan. On the contrary, I think it would be unlikely that anyone would be lending anyone anything. Excellent! Live clickable ads on the Wall in Half Life! Probably for ammo shops and medical retailers, I suspect. Wet-wipes are your friend. "The ending is my favorite Stephenson ending." ... you mean, he's included one this time?