When I worked in an office, nobody was a smoker (Sweden...) but instead we had coffee breaks. The time when we needed to refill our coffee mugs would synchronize and we'd end up around the coffee machine in the airy full-window hallway. You can change cities by clicking on "切换城市". Of course it's still not the whole country but it's still more than one city. Where in Europe? Do you have a link to numbers? Apple don't dominate in Sweden at least. http://feber.se/android/art/199920/android_nu_strre_n_iphone... How is the iPad 2 not just milking the original iPad? It has no revolutionary changes, it's just faster, thinner, and has the cameras the iPad was rumored to have from the beginning. I think most companies have the muscle to put out a slight revision on a first product after a year. Sony Ericsson featurephones have had video editing built-in since 2005. I think this is the biggest issue with the new subscription rule: Not the 30%, not the requirement to price match, but that it's just so confusing that nobody really understands what applies and where. I visit the Bay area yearly, and every time I make sure that my connection is in Europe and I never have to connect in the U.S. I've visited a ton of countries (including China), and the U.S. is definitely the most hostile to visit. As an EU citizen you get interrogated why you're visiting the U.S. When I was in SF for WWDC, it was easy, "I'm here for Apple's WWDC". Any other time it's been a 15 minute ordeal of explaining what computer software is exactly and how my international contractor relationship works and why I'm not going to escape into the forests and become a day laborer. Once they even asked for a bank statement. In no other countries I've traveled to (20+) have I had to explain why I'm there aside from checking a box on a paper form. The UK is very much America's little brother. A little less so under Brown but they still love following U.S. precedents. Seems broken in Safari http://imgb.mp/e0q So would HTML+CSS+two drinky birds tapping the keys a'la Homer Simpson count? But what's keeping them from pirating Xcode? Now where's the music video where this is synced to the same data interpreted as 100x100px frames of RGB image data? American banks are really terrible with this, and I just don't understand why. I live in Sweden, but I get paid for work I do for a U.S. company. Both my employer and I have Bank of America accounts in the states, and my employer sending a wire to my BoA account takes longer to process than me sending a wire from my BoA account to my Swedish bank. So it takes longer to send a wire WITHIN THE SAME BANK thank it does to send internationally halfway around the globe. There's really something truly deeply wrong with U.S. banking. Meanwhile, here in Sweden, cheques don't exist and everyone uses wire transfers to pay each other, pay rent etc. They're always free, can be done online, take seconds within the same bank, and half a business day between banks. And this system has been in place for literally decades. It sure has, but only thanks to piracy, not through any initiative from the movie studios' part. That doesn't really work for me - my parents left this country for Australia, and I've visited them but it sure doesn't feel like "home", it feels a lot more like home when they come visit me here in Sweden - so there's definitely something to say for environment playing a role. I don't see why you couldn't inject a CR LF? Sure it might not be that dangerous (although it could be depending on what validation the server does on # of args), but you're still modifying the query. Binary protocols aren't magically immune to injection-style attacks, just look at the decades of buffer overflow vulnerabilities. It's cute how he end his long list of messy hacks for dealing with NAT with "Appreciate the astonishing long-lasting simplicity". tap tap tap also made a blog post on working as a distributed team, focusing on the tools used to keep everyone in sync http://taptaptap.com/blog/tools-for-effective-iphone-app-dev... (shameless plug disclaimer: I work for them. That said, it's on-topic and a good overview) « I mean, he could have dropped a piano on it, or set it on fire...» Exactly. People have to keep in mind this is a Clarkson review we're talking about. If you want to see how he deals with cars he really doesn't like, just search YouTube for "clarkson perodua kelisa". As someone who lives in a country where half the year it's -10℃ with 2 hours of sunlight (zero hours if it's cloudy), I'd have to say it's not quite viable. Another problem with desert solar power plants is political - Europe for instance would become dependant on the middle east and africa for power, which after the past couple decades of oil politics doesn't look like a very attractive option. Of course nuclear isn't much better in this regard - while we do have uranium deposits, we don't have any uranium mines, and hence rely on imports for nuclear fuel. Perhaps their internal capacity is already tied up in other tasks, so while they have 1000 cores internally, they can't all be monopolized for 80 hours for a single task like the AWS machines can. Odd, on my Mac Firefox 4.0 is by far the slowest (the smoothing pass is painful to watch), with Safari (5.0.4) coming in second and Chrome (10.0.648.204) is easily the fastest. MacBook Pro Mid-2009 2.53 GHz Core 2 Duo. Didn't try Opera.