I am baffled by these new trends. I have seen websites that need scalability cache all the DB queries in memcached, but the queries didn't have any large degree of temporal locality. How is this supposed to do anything other than move the database into memory? Shouldn't the DBMS already do that by itself? The only benefit I can see is that the queries would be memoized instead of having to be run again and again, but I'm not sure that would be such a great advantage if the entire DB was loaded in memory. Anyway, I'm just thinking aloud here, but it seems to me that in many cases you really don't want a caching layer above the DB... It's better if you actually own the small company, though... No, we're never going to show your content to other users (or to anyone else), it's private. The policy is the same as del.icio.us's, I thought it was made clear in there that we won't share anything, but I'll clarify it. What we might do is show lists of the ten most popular URLs, for example. Since those are indexed by many people, nobody will be able to personally identify anyone. We wouldn't even keep the page, but it's necessary for reindexing things if something goes wrong (e.g. we are thinking of changing the search engine, and it would require a wipe of everyone's history if we didn't keep the pages). In short, no, we will never show your cached pages or even your URLs, except in very anonymized circumstances. What's a google? Uh, the voice is not autogenerated (it sounds natural), and hence it's 100% certain that this was scripted? First of all, thanks very much for your feedback! To address your points, there are no plans for your bookmarks to be public, or have an option to show a page with them, either. The nature of the site doesn't lend itself to public bookmarks at all, as there is no list of bookmarks to publicise in the first place. To make it public we would have to add a search box for people to search in your bookmarks, which may or may not be useful... I see what you mean about it, and I agree, but many people have said "I will never use this if I can't have privacy", so we listened to them. It might, however, be a typical case of the users not knowing what they want, because nobody seems to mind facebook... I'd like one like that too :( Thank you for your feedback, it is much appreciated! The point of the site is to not have lists of bookmarks, though, so you can add many many sites and then find them easily. I find that, if I have a list, I tend to either try and keep it tidy or, if I don't, I just get frustrated and never look at it. We wanted historious to never show you the extent of your bookmarks, and to just give you the info you want transparently. That's why the notion of "public bookmarks" is hard to apply here... Thank you, we hope so too! Thank you for your feedback! To address your points: - There is currently a feature to import from delicious (go to "historify site"), but it has been temporarily disabled while we make our crawler multithreaded, because the unexpected popularity and people trying to import thousands of links at once made indexing very slow for everyone. It should be up again in the next few days. - That is a very good idea! I'm not sure if the delicious dump file has them, but it should, I'll add it to our bug tracker, thanks! Your points are very valid. It is also my personal opinion that people say one thing and do another, as far as privacy is concerned. I will put the policy change on the table and we will think about ways to make the service amenable to shared bookmarks, as it would indeed be a good feature. Currently, a way of sharing that I, personally, have found works pretty well is to enable AutoTweet, which tweets your historified links with a tag. Then you can search for #historified and you see links people all over the world have historified. That is just an aside, however, and we will absolutely look into link sharing. We don't want to use your links for nefarious purposes or to divulge anything embarrassing, but having a more lax policy that enables sharing is something we do want. Thank you again for your feedback, it is sincerely appreciated. Hmm, that only searches in the title, though, doesn't it? Importing from delicious exists (click "historify site" on the top right) and will be re-enabled as soon as we finish testing the new, faster backend. Please stay tuned (and follow us at @historrific), we're sciencing as fast as we can! You mean the screen you see the first time you log in? That's just a short preamble to tell you how to use historious (many people aren't very technically minded and don't immediately see how to use the service). Hopefully it's not too much to read quickly, though! Thanks for your feedback! EDIT: Sorry, I didn't answer your first question: We use a Linode in Georgia, so if you're near there it should be pretty fast (their servers are quite fast too). I never thought of it that way, but you are absolutely right. Thank you for that perspective. As I mentioned below, there is a delicious importing feature but it has been disabled while we test the new, faster backend. The workflow you propose would be very handy, but it would have to support more sites... Luckily, we have an API anyone can use to write their own tools to add sites to historious! Oh, I bet you'll like http://historio.us/export/ , but you can still pay us $10/yr if you want! historious is an optional $5, so we have that beat! Hmm, thank you for pointing that vulnerability out... Do you mind contacting us at support at historious to discuss? Also, there is a Chrome extension available and we will be writing more as time progresses (sadly there are more important issues to address). Thank you very much! Haha, now we will work double-time to get that working! Thanks, good luck to you too! You can right-click in the search bar and create a browser search for it, and then you can use your browser search as normal. To remove the bookmarks, just click the "remove" link next to them. Yes, you can search for * and that will give you all the links. There's a small problem with that, currently, so you can search for http instead to achieve the same result. Thanks, we're trying not to. We're pretty resistant to adding tags, categories, lists, etc. Even the listing methods implemented now are side-effects rather than actual functionality. Thank you for your feedback, it is very valuable to us as we're always looking for ways to explain what we do better. The beauty of historious is that you actually find yourself using it a lot, because bookmarking with it is very cheap, just one click with no lists to clean up. The image we do need to change, as it blends in too much. The email confirmation is just for resetting your password, we don't use it for much else right now... The extension just bookmarks sites when you click it. Thanks, we will change the front page to reflect all this! It does, but the noise is too large, and the pages will eventually be deleted, so it's not very suitable for long term storage.