law of history: telling people who sit at the bottleneck of a trade network that it's their culture that made them rich will always get you invited to dinner. "The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism", by a bloke named Goldstein, may have something to say about "neofeudalism", but I haven't been able to find more a few fragmented chapters... I have been wondering lately what motivated Japan to join the Plaza Accord. (Germany seems clear: a strong DM made reunification cheaper) A hypothesis of mine is that the "Lost Decades" are only apparent aggregating over the GDP of JP, but that if we slice japanese society finer we would find that some japanese have indeed seen higher growth. Anyone have suggestions on how to go about checking this hypothesis? according to https://eml.berkeley.edu/~saez/moriguchi-saezREStat08japan.p... even affluent japanese didn't get much out of the lost decades. why did they sign? If you want germans and chinese to import your production, you'll need to raise standards to meet theirs. For pork, this has already started happening: Hormel, JBS, and Tyson are no longer taking ractopamine-dosed hogs, even though they're still legal to sell to US consumers. see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Space_Merchants for a 1952 prediction of where "the consumption based economy" winds up. the original CNN article is not far removed from the initial attitude of the protagonist... looks like reserve requirements are currently 0% https://www.federalreserve.gov/monetarypolicy/reservereq.htm You can start shorting chinese real estate: I was just reading the other day that WTI going negative had badly burned many chinese retail investors. (as for germany, I'd call that an argument against currency unification ... but that's an entirely different thread) If a country saves too much forex, one can slap sanctions on them for being a "currency manipulator". If a firm saves too much cash on hand, one can find a corporate raider (which the germans and chinese also have) to make a hostile LBO. However, for thrifty households, there don't appear to be any similar sticks, only carrots. How would you propose to incentivise german and chinese households to consume more than they do? S'pore ought to be glad that all the US wanted to do in a recent trade agreement was ("for medicinal purposes only", of course) sell chewing gum? cf https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reverse_Course (I am still seeking an explanation for Japan's signing of the Plaza Accord that doesn't rely on calling in favours from the LDP. Anybody have one?) Maybe we should look at the europeans who were rich in 1900 to see what return they had on investments in machines of war by 1950? The way I currently see it, is that Gorbi tried to change the soviet system, and in the middle of his reforms Fahd opened the taps and crashed the price of the USSR's main hard-currency export. Not sure how true this hypothesis may be, but it would explain why Putin was happy to open the taps just when Salman was in the middle of trying to reform his own petrostate... An example of layoff differences between CH and US: unemployment in April climbed to 3,3%, with the doomsayers worrying what might happen if it eventually goes to an (unprecedented) 7% due to coronavirus. (there are many other differences; eg swiss don't take their rifles to demonstrations) I was going to say that any potential hostile takeovers by chinese hedge funds probably wouldn't involve anything as kinetically hostile as the EIC's presidency armies, but a little surfing turned up 先丰服务集团 (Frontier Services Group)... What is the indian or chinese equivalent to "The Fox and the Crane"? Out of curiosity, ребята, three questions about Иван Васильевич меняет профессию: (a) which currency would Shurik have used when buying transistors (~45 minutes)? I'm assuming he would've used regular rubles if he'd managed to find them in a shop, but since he was buying from a dubious looking source (Бери шинель?) would he have needed other currency? (b) when Иван Грозный discovers the elevator (~24 minutes), is his sign of the cross period, or anachronistic? (c) as for the pen Милославский gives to the ambassador (~1 hour) ... were those available for rubles? They even have the same business model, in which users are not the customers. If you are Sylvester McMonkey McBean, you do not want to place ad impressions in groups of star- and plain-bellied sneetches who share an interest in underwater basket weaving. You will happily spend to place impressions for star-on machines among groups of plain-bellied sneetches, and star-off among star-bellied. Thankfully there are almost two hundred sides from which to choose. Il faut de tout pour faire un monde. Nie mój cyrk, nie moje malpy. Investors diversify, so we need CEOs of individual firms to take more risk than we want for our portfolios as a whole. To be worth their wages, a CEO of a publicly-traded company should be making risky slightly-positive expectation value bets; were the firm too risk-averse, it'd be just as inefficient as if it were to keep too much cash on hand. Almost all voting is mail-in here. But then again, we basically have a one-person one-vote system; from the outside, it seems your "electoral college" is voter fraud on a far grander (and far more institutionalised) scale than either gerrymandering or individual bad actors. Then again, the US is strange: we can all agree that single-party states are bad, yet the US insists their two party state is somehow better than a multi-party state? (mOzg, would you mind terribly answering my question about convertible rubles in "Ivan Vasilievich Changes Profession"? https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23311253 спс!) Мерси боку ! You're right; they're bonds. compare https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iXcD4yjnYag... Шпак богач... No need to be partisan: for systematic disenfranchisement, see the Constitution, which predates the party to which you are opposed by a good half century. As far as hating democracy goes, I found some good Republican ideals here: http://www.abrahamlincolnonline.org/lincoln/speeches/pierce.... "Republicans, on the contrary, are for both the man and the dollar; but in cases of conflict, the man before the dollar." https://www.theonion.com/white-house-press-secretary-trump-s... https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/glorification... doesn't seem to have 'unequivocally' anywhere. I am not in favor of looters, but note that https://fas.org/irp/doddir/army/fm3-19-15.pdf emphasizes the necessity of graduated response. I presume state militia units share the doctrine (Figure 2.1) that lethal response is only called for in the face of an armed threat, and that it must be the minimum response necessary. (found by googling four words: national guard crowd control; 2nd page of results) One can also check easily-discoverable recent US military policy https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=23347453 to discover that those who think these things through don't condone "looting ⊃ shooting". Bonaparte was a fan of the "whiff of grape" https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Insurrection_royaliste_du_13_v... but we all know how that ended.