It sounds like a very dramatic series of events on all accounts. The Guy, Amélie, Kelly, they were all up to weird and bad behaviour. I would say the way she handled things wasn't anywhere near ideal, but that doesn't justify her improper treatment at all. The chair incident is just bizarre. I would say what went wrong here is that the others weren't fired as well - not that she shouldn't have been. That sounds shitty, but I think the most egregious inequality here is that the others got to stay employed. No one did anything right. Unfortunately I think this is just tech for you. I've witnessed so much sexism in this industry, I just don't know what to do anymore (besides ask people to stop it). Indoor (and outdoor) growing is a really fascinating, information-laden, brain-stimulating endeavour. For what it's worth, marijuana growers often learn and share really awesome info that's applicable to all kinds of grows. Loads of neurons firing over there. You can go even faster with some effort! The other day I was frequently hitting well over 50kph, maxing out around 62kph (30-38mph) and I was trying to conserve energy. It's a hell of a lot of fun. I'm not even that fast or fit - any half decent bike will absolutely fly on a good descent. https://www.strava.com/activities/954036327 (Shows top speed recorded by my GPS) I know you've had a heap of responses already, but regarding eating after you get home: Prep something in advance. Make dinner the night before, but double it. The next day after the gym just warm it up, eat, and relax. You'll spend ~10m extra the day before preparing extra and save yourself tons of energy and time the next day. It'll make working out seem a lot less daunting. Try to fit a bunch of these in and eventually you'll have quite a lot more time. Prep food in advance, work out at home, you're saving well over an hour already. I feel your pain regarding wanting to go part time so you have time for what you care about. I have many weeks where things pile up until the weekend, then it's all errands and chores all weekend. Such a drag. You can make it yourself fairly easily I guess: const awaitAll = Promise.all.bind(Promise); async function foo() { var [val1, val2] = await awaitAll([func1, func1]); } It isn't ideal but it's a little cleaner It would be great to see a larger study, but it's interesting nonetheless. Something I thought about fermented foods is that they tend to have more bioavailable nutrients. So, sourdough contains less phytic acid than quick breads, making it so the nutrition in the bread can be digested more easily. Amongst other things. If this is true, that seems like a good enough reason to choose it. Flavor and texture is good enough too, really. The point about individuals discovering what works for them is critical. One of the best things you can do for yourself is just pay attention to your diet and how it makes you feel. Maybe the crappiest white bread is just fine for you. Maybe it's totally not. I believe there aren't many absolute truths about nutrition, so often the onus is on individuals to try and discover these things about themselves. If they did, I would hope people around them recognized that their conflation of neurotoxins in water and largely benign electronics makes very little sense. I think I understand the sentiment, but I don't think the three are the same. And if they had similar results, hypothetically, they would be for entirely different reasons. edit: I'm interested to know more about peoples' concerns about smartphones and other devices emitting harmful radiation. I've never seen anything conclusive at all, but my girlfriend is positive research will eventually reveal something, for example. Very curious if anyone knows more about this. Perhaps I'm totally incorrect. I agree with that to a point. It does count for something for sure, but I think the analogy breaks down pretty quickly from there. I don't want to be pedantic or overly demanding of the statement either though. I just thought, when I read it, that the issues are much more complex than that, and the analogy overly simplifies the matter. I'm a big fan of electronic devices, and a huge believer in them being a medium for addiction and escapism. But I think societies need to look at the root of that issue rather than dismiss any medium for dopamine addiction as harmful (as harmful as lead in your water in this case). That becomes extremely subjective, and maybe not worth pursuing because I admit, I'm not educated on the matter. I simply believe that (based on my experiences) the misuse of electronics will often stem from a lack of stimulation, satisfaction, and/or engagement coming from other aspects in life. There is too much room for this form of addiction in modern life in many parts of the world. If we blame the devices, we fail to blame ourselves for better educating ourselves and striving to develop society in such a way that people feel they have better things to do than escape into a screen. I'm totally open to being called out as clueless or full of it - that's just my take on things. It's a very fascinating conversation, but probably not a great one for the internet. I worry I'll come across as thinking I'm an authority on this stuff or something, when it's quite the opposite. I guess it could be argued that raw food dieters now have access to rich foods like oils, avocados, sprouted legumes and grains, nuts and seeds, etc. That makes the diet far easier than it would have been even 100 years ago, I think. I'm not in favor or opposed to the person you're responding to. Just thinking about how humans eating a raw diet are different from other animals doing so. I agree. The stack exchange is a place I whitelist in my adblocker. They seem to take ads and ad quality seriously, they provided very useful and interesting content, and they employ a pretty excellent team. I don't see the problem. It seems like what you'd hope for from the situation. This reminds me of a trilogy called Remembrance of Earth's Past by Liu Cixin. He creates a sort of analogy in the second novel, saying civilizations in space should be like hunters in a dark forest (The book is called The Dark Forest). He hypothesizes that you should sneak around quietly, looking to kill others, lest you be killed yourself. I won't say more - it's a great read. >Playboy: One of the experts in the field says that for this industry to really flourish, and for it to benefit the consumer, one standard has to prevail. >Jobs: That’s simply untrue. This is a little funny given the walled garden he oversaw the creation of (It seemed like it was intended to improve chances of success by implementing a single standard for an ecosystem), but I'm excluding some context and just poking some fun. Overall it was a good read - he had some excellent foresight about computing and the culture around it. Very cool. That's the key thing here - everything's connected. You can rarely contain pollution well enough that you can say 'yeah let's revisit that in 100 years, it'll be fine'. Often these places that are polluted are really only diluted as the waste moves from one central location to wherever watersheds take it, destroying life as it goes. This is the problem. The tar sands are an ecological disaster! They are not contained. My best guess was that they couldn't get their own car on the necessary schedule (I have the impression you can't just go ahead and buy one and have it inside of a week, but it could just be a stock issue like you suggested), so maybe they were willing to face the consequences of repairing a rental instead of delaying. Perhaps they had a short window of time to work with special people/equipment. Definitely an interesting story. It's just a fleeting term. It'll be Pro until it's not - then you need to buy a new one. Some pros are fine with that. Lots of them can write this stuff off, or request it from their employer. It's not much sweat off their back. A signifiant point of the post is to say that they learned something, and they hope others can learn from it too. Maybe the issue is you didn't read the full article? Isn't it 'Okay Google'? Either way, I do find Alexa rolls off the tongue a little easier. That may be because I have trouble enunciating verbal transitions. Is it really disappointing to get hired at one of these places so many people admire and desire, only to find it's nothing special at all? Or is the problem something else? I've wondered about that. My job isn't spectacular, it's pretty good. I used to want to strive for a spot in a bigger/high impact/significant company like Amazon or Apple for example, but eventually came to realize I'd probably never do anything interesting there, even if I was capable of it. I don't know. I used to feel like I missed the boat and my career would never be as rewarding because of it. These days... Starting to feel like I'm actually doing alright, making the most with what I've got. I stopped pursuing that career direction because I'm geo-locked, so to speak. I can't leave this city. Anyway, sorry you're having a terrible time. I've been there. I hope the situation improves soon. Maybe you should bank everything you can, take time off, then get back to finding work with a fresh mind. Good luck. I don't think the impact was great for me, honestly. And that was 15 years ago. The internet is a different place now - maybe not for the better. I have to agree with maxhallinan. These aren't analogous at all. One time I was riding my bike when nearly the exact same thing happened to me as this woman, only instead of a small child the person was an older man. He, looking for traffic the wrong way on a one-way street, mistakenly thought it was safe to run across the road. I was doing the speed limit (60kph) when I hit him, full force, and sent him tumbling down the hill about 15 feet. It wasn't my fault at all, but that guy was totally wrecked. I was a bit sore, but overall I was fine. Him on the other hand - his body helped break my bike frame (bent one tube, snapped another right from its welds, broke my wheel, ripped cables free), he had nothing to protect his head, and he looked frail to begin with. It was bad. Should I have been charged for that? I don't think so. He did it far too suddenly for me to do much more than hit my brakes. I felt awful about it, but I definitely don't feel responsible for it. If I'd been going the wrong way, he was at a cross walk, or something - something where I should have been more prepared to stop or avoid him - then absolutely. But sometimes pedestrians make really bad calls and road users just aren't at fault. This happens everywhere, not just India. This happens in the United States in the prison system, for example. Haha, you caught that moments before they replaced it with a "we'll be online within 24 hours' message. I find it useful because I don't use github directly, but some of my software's dependencies do. It's a nice heads up, because I probably won't be checking otherwise. > Autopilot used incorrectly can kill people. Sorry, I don't get it. How do you use something incorrectly when by definition you aren't really using it at all? It seems like an oxymoron. Interestingly, this feature is one of the first I recall using on Android maybe 8 years ago. It was very visible and easy to turn on... Not sure why they made it harder to discover. Or have they removed it? They do offer manual route trimming from both ends, too. I've found this useful mostly when I forget to turn off my watch after running.