Facebook definitely sounds like a decent place to work. Them and Google are places I hope to take influence from if I ever make it to having an actual physical office space :P I always think it's a bit of a shame when a smart innovator doesn't have a business head on his shoulders. Apparently Mr. Lee says he doesn't have one: but I dont buy that :D posting his ideas to Youtube was a very smart move... (I loved that video when it first appeared!) Sadly I dont see Ubuntu doing that any time soon (I could write an essay on how much I dislike Ubuntu's UI!). It's just not a "glamorous" part of the OS-making process (IMO it's the great stumbling bloack of all modern Linux distros...). Agreed over the luxury branding of Apple though. It will be interestign to see how they fare over the next 18 months. Although with that said the Ipod is (probably annoyingly) one of those luxuries that isn't a luxury any more - so that should keep them going. For what it's worth: I use OSX, L8inux (all sorts of distros), XP and Vista daily. And personally I find Vista WAY above XP in terms of compatibility and stability. But then this is a circular argument - because it is totally dependant on individual preference & experience. For me Linux and Vista are both not perfect and both have their (equally annoying) niggles. I use Vista for gaming and general use at home and Linux at work (& at home as servers and other uses). I always thought that the founders had done it themselves (in fact I am SURE I read a book about the beginnings of Google that said so explicitly). Actually it left me a bit disappointed to find that it had been "designed" :( Google always used to make me feel (as a crap graphic artist) that Home-brew logos COULD go a long way. I think Gnome have got it right - your correct, they are just lacking the pretties. But I think Ubuntu (and other distro) teams haven't made use of the Window managers well at all. Menu's, applications and other bits and pieces are just too confusing for the average Joe user. UI extends even beyond the windows themselves. As someone commented I think Linux devs are waking up to how important UI and user interaction is. But - It's a mess, and a hell of a job to fix - No one with the proper expertise is involved in the projects - It's not a glamorous thing to be doing (compare to "cutting edge" stuff - There seems to be this ingrained anti-M$ vibe that means no one can take influence from them. ?? UI is one thing M$ tend to do really well in Windows. They spend a LOT of money researching it..... This is definitely good advice. We went to several VC's and received fairly unpractical offers (well not unpractical: but it felt like they were trying it on for as much %age as they could get). Trouble is if you play hard ball with them they seem to lose interest fast (I guess it's easier to go with other people who'll just take the cash as it's offered). In the end we went with private investment - and I;d advise others to do the same. Yeh there is a lot less money in that area BUT if you get a few people invested then it cuts the individual percentage any one investor might have (always useful) and also means (with the right investors) you'll have a more personal relationship with your "money" :D I see where Bruce is coming from. But I quite like self: it's an explicit reminder every time you write OOP in Python about the idea of classes & instances. Incidentally I'm one of those annoying people that often will use this instead of self (because I find it more readable.. at work I am famed for my efforts of trying to write code in "english" :D). Self is also useful when your passing the class around. It's easy to see where it is heading all the time. It will be nice to see the "you forgot self, you fool" error made explicit. When you switch languages a couple of times a day it can be easy to forget :) (PHP to Python switch is the hardest!) Ah gotcha! That is wha tI was thinking of thanks. @IsaacSchlueter: I know what you mean (it's one of those logos that just "describes" the brand without any support). Yeh - killer features are a big bonus. Thing is they are cool to work on - and so quite a few seem to work appear, pulling people in. With OSX and Windows that's fine because IMO they have that extra level of ease and Usability that a consumer OS needs. Linux doesn't have that left - I bet a lot of people drawn in with a gimmick are left struggling with it after a few weeks... I still maintain that Linux is lacking a simple UI to pull it into the mainstream (ALL Linux not just Ubuntu). I dont buy it. Greed is the major problem: bigger risks for higher rewards. I think both sexes (in that situation) would suffer pretty equally... I kinda agree. Certainly go for a job you want - and not the brand you want ot work for. But I think the atmosphere you work in is important too. I couldn;t see myself working for a company wih strictt working times, for example. Or in an evironment that was too "stuffy". umm I really dont think this can count as new research. I kinda assumed everyone new this already! Although I guess it's nice to see it confirmed.... I dont know. I'm 21 and am just kicking off my first major startup. I dont really think I am ready for it. I think a couple more years in-work experience (only een employed for 6 months out of university) would do me good... :) I assume you are US based? In the UK there are govt agencies called "business link" which will gve you free advice on startups and getting your business off the ground. They can give you quite a bit of info related to laws and accounting. I assume that in the US there are similar initiatives (though you might have to pay). As to employing someone? I'd say it comes down to how much admin time you want to spend on the company - or rather how much you can spare. If you find yourself becoming too much of a manager and lose the ability to drive the project forward (IMO essential in the opening stages of a startup) then it might actually be more beneficial to employ someone. Plus of course if you can employ someone experienced for 18 months then that is 18 months where you get to see how it is done and pick up tips & tricks from them. (after which it might then be economical to do it yourself). I have been quite lucky. My father has run his own firm for a number of years - which is quite small (so he does all the admin). As a result he knows a lot about the books, accounting and legal aspects (if only on a small scale). In the end I decided to go with an accountant - but only because I have a friend qualified from university who is doing it on the cheap :) (if you don't know anyone like that then go befriend them! :D) Hey, Well my personal circumstances are by the by: they were an example :D My point was really more that you should try to talk to people with experience (face to face, not just here). A half hr to an hr conversation will probably get quite a lot of stuff straight. Considering your situation it's a bit hard to give advice. Do you actually have a product to bring to market? Are you at a stage where you a) need funding or b) can begin to sell. With my startup I worked with a team of friends for about 2 years before we formed the actual company. We all had day jobs or university and so we worked in our downtime bringing our idea into fruition. Now we have an almost marketable product and are at the stage where funding is essential: so recently we took the step of forming the company and searching for funding.Until now it was an unecessary need. If your not selling or bringing in cash for funds then I would advise avoiding forming any legal entity. The only thing I would say is that it might be worth signing some kind of partnership agreement between you and your friend. I'm sure things will be fine but if you fall out (it's so easy) it is best to know exactly where you stand in terms of what individually you can take away (ideas, code, etc.). As to the final part of that post - regarding getting out if the startup fails. That is incredibly country specific. You will need to get some advice: either from a lawyer or from a public body (if they exist) as to your exact options. In the UK you could, for example form a Limited Liability Partnership (where if things folded you only have a small personal liability) or an full on LTD company (where there is no personal liability). I assume similar entities can be formed in China (though I DONT KNOW). I think the best advice is to hunt for someone locally who can tell you your options in that case. If your entering into contracts with other companies at this stage (note not just selling - actual contracted agreements) then you DEFINITELY need to consult professionally. It shouldn't be too expensive and is worth it. If your obtaining funding and are presented a contract ALWAYS ALWAYS ALWAYS take it to a lawyer before signing. :) Good luck! One other point is how you plan to account as well. If you want to do it yourself you'll either have to put together your own system (that is EASY to use - trust me that is essential) or invest in a commercial package. That can be expensive - so it might be cheaper to seek professional services. If iti s only a small company you might be ok just keeping a general book (income, outlay, expenditure etc etc.) and keep all receipts. Then at the end of the financial year take all that to an accountant and pay him to get it all written up and submitted. That is how it works in the UK (and probably costs around £400-500 depending on the amount of work involved) - I dont know if that is the case in China but it is worth investigating. Usually there is no formal requirement for a small startup to keep regulated books - just to have some form of accounts the tax man can request at any time (it;s more complex than that but, meh, essentially all that ya need to know :P) BAD SEO is bullshit. Well thought out SEO as part of a larger scale site impact consideration is AWESOME :D fair point :D :( I thought that was a succint evaluation.... There are plenty of bad SEO firms out there who have no clue about what they are doing (and often do more harm than good to a site). Also SEO is seen as a fix-all solution - which it really isn't. But SEO practices are an essential part of any website design, refresh or update. At the end of the day it's just a buzzword that creates a market for selling their knowledge (knowt wrong with that of course!) I'm npt going to try too hard but.. you gave plenty enough info there to track them down (assuming I dont just have to se google :)) :( sad day IMO. OpenID is a nice idea but fatally flawed in the grand scheme of things. Unified accounts are GREAT. But OpenID just isn't the right way to go about it... I knew Google was moving towards this but I always hoped they would see sense before actually going for it fully. Disappointed in them for the first time in a LONG time! (Bear in mind I think it's a great idea) Legally speaking if the game (or whatever) doesnlt make 100% clear what is going on ("we are going to be using your CPU") then I'd say it's very shaky territory. Also I am pretty sure that in a lot of countries you would be pretty much required to either have a splash saying "click yes to play this game and work some units" or have a workable opt out (I dont know if that exists??) I'm still not convinced the 2.6.27 kernel is stable enough. Our .27 test cluster (various distros including U8.10) has numerous issues that just ARENT fixed yet. I always hate Ubuntu .10 releases :( even when they call it "stable" is usually isn;t and we see a huge increase in (client) issues... The 8.10 releases tend to be more "experimental". I dont think it's advised to actually run a day to day system with it :)