Even if you could find the original crypto header, You still need to know the password to unlock it. On iphones, the secure enclave will hold the decrypted key while its running but you need to enter the password after a reboot. This is exactly the kind of thing that is often done. Some software will just treat all months as having 30 days because it simplifies logic massively and doesn't cause that much of an issue. Also if someone had the technical capability to do this. I would be infinitely more concerned about them having an exploit which allows them to hack my next phone and grab all the data while its running. >No, there is no way to do what you're describing It could be done in a p2p way like windows updates. By default they will share update files to other devices on the local network and can also work with other devices over the internet. A bunch of plugged in iphones on wifi would be perfectly capable of distributing update files. I'm not sure how it would be crippled. Say they cap it so your iphone will upload 10% of the amount it downloads for an update. Right away we just took 10% of the load off the main Apple servers and very few people would be affected by uploading 100MB of a 1GB update over wifi. I'm not suggesting the whole thing become p2p, but that the p2p network assist the dedicated distribution servers. For me, just the local p2p would halve the number of updates pulled from Apples servers because there are 2 of the same apple product on the same local network. Obviously Apple doesn't need to do this because they are flawlessly pushing out updates every week but if they were struggling with distribution, this is a proven working system that windows uses. In this situation they could stagger the updates over the night. If you look at the network usage graphs from ISPs and such you can see that downloads drop to about 5% of the network capacity at the 00:00 - 06:00 times. There is a lot of spare capacity to push out updates at night which uses a tiny amount of data compared to the video calls and streaming that go on during waking hours. As a side note, upload rates seem to be somewhat constant at all hours. I assume it must all be IoT security cameras. On the other hand. Big tech companies forcing 2GB updates on people pushes demand for upgraded internet infrastructure. At least Google and Linux are making plans and first moves to a safer language that helps avoid these major security flaws. Windows just does this out of the box which seems to work pretty good. You have two options currently: iOS: Never ending zero days but you get an update for every device in the last 7-10 years to fix it. Android: A more secure OS especially as they integrate more components using rust. But if your device is older than 2 years, you won't receive any security fixes. So depending on your security model it changes what you should pick. If you are a high target individual or someone who upgrades their phone every year, Android is the more secure option. If you are the average person who is not being hit with state level attacks, iOS is the most secure option. Windows by default only shares within your local network. Optionally you can turn it on for the wider internet and it does not seem to use that much data in my experience. It's based on the linux kernel and many of the core components have been rewritten in rust which the google security team seems to be suggesting is the solution to these problems. I don't have any actual proof but my gut feeling is the linux kernel is better tested and has better security hardening than the ios internals. So just like PHP tutorials then. That's a fair and valid complaint. The thought that learning from copyrighted content makes new output copyrighted is pretty far fetched and wouldn't apply to a human. I think people value their code snipits way way too much. A 10 line function to post to twitter is not worth anything. Its an entire codebase that has value. Personally I'm not a huge fan because of how spaced out the text content is. So many images breaking the flow of thought. Id rather blocks of text and then a gallery of images. But you get what you get. A string of tweets is better than nothing. Perhaps it was to save money on sockets. The stores go empty because people who already have the sunk cost of a car will just drive to the next city for bigger stores at cheaper prices. I think for things to work, we need to seriously cut down the fees for selling a house. The fees and laws are set up for someone who buys/sells once every few decades. So if you move frequently, there is no way you could be a owner without taking serious losses. They can just use the data and see "50% of verified humans clicked this" and know that it is debatable or not obviously a match but not a verified not-match. Proof of work is horrific. Means someones old phone has a meltdown trying to load the page while a warehouse in china with the latest GPUs cranks out billions of proofs per second. You could even utilize botnets to get random laptops and fridges to do your PoW. > or just causing some electrons to be moved around to prove your not a bot? The problem is spam networks have more computers and more power than your phone does so any proof that you can do, spammers can do 1000x faster. PoW can sort of work when your attack to defend against is a ddos situation where an attacker has to make far more requests than the average user, but most captchas try to defend against bots being able to use the site at all which PoW can not do. I just find it very amusing that simple pictures of outside in the US are being described as "unbearably depressing". A pretty good signal that modern urban design in the US is creating very ugly and depressing spaces. >like they were taken by a decade-old smartphone. It's more that its cropped from a much larger photo and the AI has detected that something is here but it isn't 100% on which thing it is out of a few possible candidates. The sharp stuff is already clearly identified. CFC gasses where a big one. They were hugely useful for many things but were found to be breaking down ozone and were very rapidly banned effectively. There was in Australia for a short time. The topic has become poisoned though and it will be very hard to bring back with newscorp still running things.