To use English seemed to be easier than to use native language. First you know your native language. Then you need to learn programming. Programming uses symbols which don't make sense - except as concepts in programming. So you just learn that "while" is a loop with condition, and "print" makes letters appear on the screen. "While" doesn't, for example, associate with time, only with condition; "print" doesn't evoke images of a printing machines, newspapers or anything else. No semantic confusion whatsoever; to the contrary, if that would be written in the native language, it would immediately bring associations, which may be unwanted. A few comments to above. Some words are already used in the language, so, knowing how a certain combination of English letters is pronounced, one still gets some associations. "Function" is a rather international word, for example (brought into English from another language?). Next, learning first some programming helps with learning later English itself. For many words first associations remain related to computers; e.g., "performance" (though not widely used in programming languages, but it is used in technical manuals) is first for a processor, not for an actor on the scene. In pure functional programming, so well mentioned in some PG's articles, you have only functions - no numbers. You can make numbers from functions, though. Then, you may have a basis - a set of functions which are sufficient to represent arbitrarily complex algorithm, i.e., Turing complete set; see here - http://dkeenan.com/Lambda/ . Such a set may consist from only one function. So, the whole program is a structure of calling that function. Writing down such a program, we obviously don't need to write the function - it comes by default; we only need to write the structure, which can be represented by ( and ) . In a different way, than what I see here, but still - one bit per parenthesis, very simple processor, lots of memory and lots of steps for simple operations - a Turing tarpit... Just last week I've practiced "I don't understand" again. Now I don't particularly like jeopardizing my position at work, but looks like that question wasn't met well. A manager running the meeting (plans for next year) frowned upon a person who seems to be not understanding what he was talking before. In retrospect, I might missed some explanations - didn't quite get them at the time he gave them, possibly didn't pay enough attention - but that was the reason for my question! The matter was important to "get". Hard to say if the annoyance was justified... but the result is this question may also backfire, even if it shouldn't. Idiots include also that vocal part of population longing for - and getting - Nobel prizes. One ought to realize how different SU was in 20s, 50s, even 70s from Russia today. People in SU thought about themselves and their country very similarly as it is in US now - the most progressive country, and of course, the smartest and overall best people. Little doubt about that. Tokens were much more serious then - in US one says "if you smart, you should be rich", in SU it was "if you're good, you can perhaps show an Order" - and they weren't easy to get. Imagine the life in the South, pictured in "Gone with the wind", without slavery - because almost everybody was in the same conditions - and stimulus responses will be different. Again, what use would be for a pile of cash in SU? Not much - you can't buy proportionally, since the whole economy is targeted to "regular people", and you'd get people looking at you funny pretty soon. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Second_Constitutional_Conventi... GA144, from Green Arrays, is a chip which is very good for space applications - computational power, energy efficiency, predictability, versatility, radiation tolerance... Yet after a year and a half on the market there is still no sensible C compiler for it. I doubt "C is as close as you can get to WYSIWYG" is always entirely correct. You bet. The problem of getting to orbit was solved "somehow" in 1950's, with emphasis on reliability, then terminal control optimized the result some decades later, when the hardware became available... But the basic task is still way below capabilities of even modest modern computers. Space X may afford to have quite a bit of redundancy. J is one of the underappreciated gems among programming languages. Everybody talks about languages which are Lisp successors, but when it comes to shortening the path from the thought to the code, J gives something to pause and think about. I did, almost twice. First time it was a home-grown layer on top of the DBMS (MS SQL Server at the time). After an investment we've got a requirement to switch to Oracle. We anticipated that (or something like it) when designing the system, so it went smoothly. Second time it was using MySQL from Sun workstations, with the idea of eventually switching to Oracle. That's why "almost" - we knew about the requirement in advance, so we didn't create hard dependencies on MySQL. Yet we didn't constantly test our system vs. Oracle either. Admittedly the latest of these happened more than 10 years ago. Among other things NK-33 has completely redesigned turbopump comparing to NK-15. The pump believed to be the major cause of problems with NK-15. According to "3. Deficient research skills / Chronically poor knowledge of the platform's features", "Re-inventing or laboring without basic mechanisms" is a bad thing. I don't think so. I routinely work on a carefully chosen subset of a (big) language/platform, having benefits of such an approach - both immediate (stable compilers, proven patterns) and long-term (better maintainability by somebody who's not an expert in all facets of the language/platform). One of the tricks is to have what you're doing - or what you're going to do - really small. This way you don't have enough time to become bored. For this approach to work, you need to be able to split meaningful projects into still somewhat meaningful, fun enough but small subprojects. Another thing is that for many projects you're starting it understanding that you won't finish it - in one piece of time. You're going to start, progress, reflect on it, do some more - then put it on the shelf for a while. And this is ok. This allows you to actually boldly start projects which you know you won't finish - again, in one chunk. For example, I also took several courses on Coursera etc. and dropped then after a couple of weeks. But they are still high in my priorities - as soon as I can/want/return to the same subject of interest, I come back to the courses, reading the material, watching videos and even doing homework. This at least allows me, when taking that course second time (if I need to - usually I don't, the primary reason is knowledge, not the certificate) to feel right at home. I'd say, don't throw away that list of ideas you developed while working on something - but check it, choose perhaps something out of it for the new list, may be you're still interested in some projects mentioned there. And... you still have to be persistent at times. Don't worry - it's a source of great feeling when you actually finish something non-trivial - and only you know how hard it was, and you really learned things from that - and you know you're better because of that. I wonder - why not to make an empty plastic shell similar to a human in form? Uncanny valley? Similarly, why now to make empty heads - possibly custom-made, for each person who's going to use the robot? May be it's a design question. The torso shouldn't be human-like, but the idea is to make it - less ugly, subjectively? - than a stick with an iPad on it. Yes, it somehow should avoid being confused with robot - so may be it shouldn't look like a stereotypical robot. I agree that everything has a price; the question is, is it justified by perceived improvement in looks. To me, a Segway with a stick looks odd, especially in a company of a few people walking somewhere. Something more resembling "a figure" could likely improve the perception. A head model could both make easier to realize who you're talking to - I guess this can be useful - and also improve overall looking. I agree that it's also not as easy - and reconfigurable - as just having an iPad. It seems to me there is a potential for improvements. See http://www.jsoftware.com/papers/tot.htm . Then you probably know that already. The link is rather for those who seeks tools "to work with the speed of thought". Different languages claim achievement of different grades of "if you can state the problem in the language, you're done", but APL family does that with its own flavor of elegance. Quite a direct story. And it's hard to find that line where further advancements suddenly become unwelcome. I guess the advice "know your limits" is what we have. "There are also no moving parts anywhere on Gaia. Even the antenna to communicate with Earth has been designed to point electronically, not mechanically." Good, but on the next line... "And if the satellite does need to make fine adjustments, it has been equipped with thrusters that can squirt just 1.5 micrograms of nitrogen gas a second." Is there really no moving parts on Gaia? Hmmm, they could try to use the Earth magnetic field for orientation; I guess the microthrusters were better... P.S. And saying "accuracy of about seven micro-arcseconds for the nearest stars" is a little bit inkorrect. Piezoelectric actuator still relies on a mechanical motion. It has to be - the idea of nitrogen nozzle is to have a storage of nitrogen under some pressure in a closed volume, and to be able to open that volume to let some gas out. That opening has to be mechanical - unless they use some exotic force fields to keep nitrogen from escaping, in which case it's hardly a (regular) nitrogen thruster anymore. Flexing is still a motion. That, however, can be compensated with an opposite motion in another gas channel. If other parts of satellite can bend on demand, they'd need an actuator or, alternatively, one can use Earth magnetic fields to reorient the spacecraft and let external forces affect it unevenly, thus providing bending. This, however, is outside of the scope of the article. So, to summarize - either secondary subsystems on Gaia are quite unconventional, or the article isn't quite precise. There is a saying in Russia that if you aren't satisfied with what government officials do, go and sue them. Mikhail Pukhov, "The way to Earth". https://kon-tiki.appspot.com/lunolet1/doc/package-summary.ht... Here is a cool screensaver about Buran: http://buran.ru/htm/scr_en.htm Western media is used to accuse Soviet system in technology copying. However sometimes the accusations go a little bit too far. Particularly in the aerospace area it would be naive to deny the Soviets their prowess - with Buran, which differs significantly from the Shuttle (see the article above), with Tu-144, which flew before Concord, not to mention today's half-broken Soviet-era technology which manages to lift about half of world space payloads to orbit and provides West with rocket technology - RD-180 for Atlas, NK-33 for Antares etc. How Tu-144 could be spied if it flew earlier? Buran was copied in shape and in overall capabilites, once on orbit, for the reasons mentioned. Buran wasn't copied both internally and on the launcher side - so we might say Buran copied some things, but had others originally developed. Soviets were great copiers, in many areas - and in many others there weren't where to copy from. They had to develop great many things themselves. I'd like to correct - Energia didn't have solid boosters; the four strap-ons were considered the first stage and burned LOX/kerosene in RD-170. RD-170 has 2 axis of thrust vectoring for each chamber, and RD-171 - the variant used in Zenit rockets - has 1 axis of thrust vectoring (the tangential one).