The police have found a women body "without arms, head and legs" they said this evening. They have not denied confirmed that it is Kim though. Is it resonable that the limbs comes off from propellers at random in the sea? Does that happen? http://ekstrabladet.dk/112/article6787128.ece Murder, dismemberment and maybe more. Well, submarine murders are kinda tech related ... Zoox got some Uber engineers too since earlier. I wonder if the company will produce a working product or if they will aim on getting bought, like Otto etc. As I'm not fed up enough about these recruiting ceremonies you have to endure just because you are a programmer. I wonder if bridge engineer has to build small bridges out of lego when they apply for work ... Skype is so bad anyway. Does anyone but enterprises use them anymore, compared to the haydays? Well, "hybrid" in this case is a bigger engine starter and battery, that also can propell the vehicle for a while, I assume. This could be done with old manual cars without fancy security checks so, we have been there, done that. Apple's getting a revenue share of any sold item in the store ... so. I guess the rational thing for them would be to prevent scams to make ppl less reluctant to shop there, but since there is no obvious short time benefit they hardly care. Compare this to all these "child bought 1000$ worth of Candy Crush items on father's card" etc. Self driving car maybe? Kinda unnecessary abbreviation. Nope, but less typing of #include:s? Easier to send by mail? He seems to use defines to keeps function and variable definitions to one in the program it's included in. I think you are using the wrong angular resolution, though. http://velodynelidar.com/docs/datasheet/63-9194_Rev-G_HDL-64... Thats the one LIDAR Uber seems to have matching pictures. 5Hz - 20Hz full round sampling rate, lets assume 15 Hz. The resolution in the horizontal plane is dependent on rotational speed, so at 15 Hz it should be 0,26 degrees. (0,35/20*15 = 0.26) For the woman height the angular resolution is 0.4 degrees no matter the rotation speed. Id est, she would have been atleast one pixel wide from 400 feet and about 2 pixels high and growing in size if we assume 2' wide. (Not counting bike). I really see no exuse for Uber messing this up that bad. The LIDAR can't have missed a potential "obstacle" when it got closer, even if the car wouldn't classify it as a human. Yes, I agree with you that we can't assume that the car could have noticed the woman from 120 meters from LIDAR data alone. Maybe with some kind of sensor fusion with IR-cameras. But, as it got closer and what the computer though was noise was on about the same place a sane obstacle finder should have given a posetive match. Maybe at 30 - 40 m worst case? At 142 feet the woman probably had (assuming she was 5.5'): asind(5.5/142) = 2.21* => 2.21/0.4 = 5.5 So between 5 and 6 "scanlines" going from left to right over her. Assuming she was 2' wide that's 0.8 degrees which would be 2 to 3 pixels in breadth according to your spread sheet. That's between 10 and 18 pixels (voxels?) that stand out clearly from the flat road around it, exluding the bike. If you wan't to get an idea of how LIDAR data looks Velodyne has free samples and a viewer for less resolution models. http://velodynelidar.com/downloads.html It pretty hard to identify obstacles far off, but you will still see there is something there. It's especially easy to identify obstacles that are vertical. As she got closer, she would eventually show up clearly on the LIDAR data. But since the car never slowed down or went left, it didn't notice her at all even at point blanc (or did see her but failed to do anything about it). Her death was in vain. These kind of fundamental scenarios can be practised with dolls or stunt men on closed test tracks not on public roads ... If Uber needs data they could have driven manually. Obvously their obstacle tracking is bad. Thats kinda Volvo Cars approuch, word by word, as one of their RnD engineers explained it to me. Oh ... is it real? Beta? Googleinh seems to confirm so. Other car manufacturer use trained personel for testing. I mean this is silly and should be illegal. "The world’s first electrified road that recharges the batteries of cars and trucks driving on it". Well, that's a buss. Jokes aside, the concept is quite old. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trolleybus#History Not easy to disengage though. Do you get a IDE with compiler for the palindrom question? Id say that close to 0 out off 10 engineers at work including me would get a working program without debugger or print statements. Just tried in c and got me 2 compiles to get it right. Without the output I would just present a nonworking program. Well, opaque algorithmic censorship might be the worst one. The algorithm will probably "nerf" small papers with insufficient data and boost big ones. Papers that are controversial in some political camp will get flags and instead people will get food articles and CNN/ABC/Fox etc. I liked Facebook's old "show stuff in order" (pre 2011?) way more. Nice pics for exam studies. But in industry Worse Is Better and Kalman Filters is ofent just the optimal way to remove noise you yourself added in your simulation. I've never seen any implementation use of Kalman filters where the covariance matrix is actually sound ... and I usually go with just lowpassfilters or moving averages. Ye well maybe it's a domain thing. I do driveline programming for cars. As soVeryTired wrote "In general I find Kalman filters a little suspect where the underlying dynamics of the system can change over time, and when the physical process that gives rise to the dynamics isn't known." This maybe applies in a less degree to radars etc? In general we use only one sensor source at a time for eg. rpm rather then fusing them. If one is obvously off just select another. Maybe it's rather about how exact you need the estimate to be. Whats wrong with "double_t"? Excessive template magic is just confusing. If you compile for a embedded platform there is a platform specific header anyway where you would put #define BIGGEST_FLOAT_TYPE double" or something. Plenty of platforms doesn't behave IEEE:ish when you go NaN and Inf, which this template collection doesn't check anyways. You would have to catch FPU interrupts and do the overflow/underflow/whatever yourself. So using this project would just lead to false positives. It's maybe the type with most precision according to whoever wrote the header at the chip manufacturer , so you can use it to do a calculation with hardware types with the least amount of error on the platform, maybe. My point is, if IEEE 754 is a problem, you probably need to check things yourself anyway and can't trust whoever wrote numerical_limits at the chip manufacturer and that it applies to your platform without e.g. adding interrupt handlers etc. So you can't trust this template anyways. Ye, but whoever wrote is_iec559 might have added written in the manual that you need to provide the interrupt handlers yourself or link in the manufacturers math lib? Well this was done in the 60s allready. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=FmXLqImT1wE&t=545s It was most likely cracy expensive just as these news machines are compared to a ordinary restaurant grade kitchen and you still need people going around unstucking things that get stuck. Bringing industrial processes into street food seems ... unpractical. Well, Tesla rolled out brake updates over a couple of days after a consumer paper found strange brake behavoiur. https://www.consumerreports.org/car-safety/tesla-model-3-get... There is no chance they could have tested that thoroughly. And the brakes are maybe the cars most important function besides power steering in a programming safety perspective. 1 in 10 interviews is a hire? How can his methods be described as sucsessfull. Speaking of my own experience I'd say it takes 6 months to find out if a programmer is good or really good (bad is easy to spot) and being able to tell that in 4h is just self-deception. I wonder how hireing managers compares to coin tosses after some 15min telephone offsite initial screening and just filtering of resumés. It's written somewhere 50 engineers from 500 interviews. Plus the one sorted out from initial screening. Being skillfull on soft skills usually is a euphemism for handeling toxic and antisocial coworkers. I have personally never thought that the would-take-beer-with rating is even remotely as important as technical skills. And being a corny coworker or a toxic one don't really correlate.