That is actually a really nice metaphor they came up with. The seal and imprint are pretty useful for explaining signed email. I already explain encrypted email to colleagues with the key and lock metaphor: I give you a box full of open padlocks to which only I hold the key, and you do the same for me. Anyone can have the padlocks as long as you keep the key secure. Seems to work. Definitely! With PGP/Mime email clients that don't understand OpenPGP simply show a small attachment. Without PGP/Mime (the old way) you get funky delimiters in your mail body that look scary to non-technical users. I started with the old way (because it appears to be more compatible with legacy email clients) until a colleague worriedly asked me about the weirdness in my mails, so I switched to PGP/Mime. As far as I can tell only really old Outlook versions can't handle PGP/Mime, and you can use plain text mails as well as HTML. In any halfway decent build your tests will run whenever you build the project, to prevent tests from ever getting outdated. If any test fails, it is because you broke it just now, so you go in and see if your test is broken, or, as is often the case, your refactored code is breaking the expected behaviour of the tested code. > Tests affecting the structure […] is […] a strong code smell On the other hand, code being hard or impossible to test is often thought of as a code smell as well. Code that is easy to test is easier to understand — not in the least because there are tests demonstrating its use. Techniques such as dependency injection help a lot here. Not just to someone else. Nothing is more pleasant than going in to refactor code you wrote years ago, and find that you wrote comprehensive unit tests. Thank you past-me! Yeah, this makes Signal a total non-starter for me. It is doing the same thing WhatsApp does: you need a smartphone to use it. Even the desktop version requires a smartphone to create an account. If privacy is so important for Signal, why forbid using it without a phone number? It makes no sense. > When Times New Roman appears in a book, doc­u­ment, or adver­tise­ment, it con­notes apa­thy. It says, “I sub­mit­ted to the font of least resis­tance.” Times New Roman is not a font choice so much as the absence of a font choice, like the black­ness of deep space is not a color. To look at Times New Roman is to gaze into the void. Nicely worded. Even if you don't want to bother with typography at all, Times New Roman is rarely a good default. It was designed for typesetting tall and narrow newspaper columns, not A4 or Letter width letters and memos. I guess a lot of people are or were used to: tar -xzf file.tar.gz To be honest, I only started doing -xf a year ago. I was used to -xjf and -xzf. We were looking at a company communication channel to replace Yammer and Google Chat a while back, and briefly played with Slack. In the end trading in one cloud service for another seemed unwise. Because we already used self-hosted GitLab when they announced the inclusion of MatterMost (FOSS self-hosted alternative to Slack) we simply activated that and have been quite satisfied with it. Another self-hosted alternative you might like is MatterMost, which is quite similar to Slack in look-and-feel, but free software and self-hosted. After getting fed up with the cost of razor cartridges I went and got a double edged razor holder and 100 Derby safety razors, and never looked back. This seems to be one of those curious cases where (at least in Europe and North America!) almost everyone either owns an electric shaver or buys expensive multi-blade cartridges, and has done so for decades. But over time the value added by those cartridges — safety from children's fingers? Certainly not a closer shave — was nullified and actually made negative by their cost. Meanwhile I shave for €5 a year with safety razors. Is the marketing of cartridges such a strong agent here that the seemingly superior solution is largely ignored? Or am I not seeing the appeal of a Gillette nine-blade turbo-smooth aloë-vera-coated hyper-cartridge? I sometimes wonder if this phenomenon is limited to the West, and that the rest of the world happily shaves with cheap safety blades or straight edge razors. Good set of recommendations. Client-side certificates are great for securing web applications in a corporate setting, but the client-side is indeed a bit rough in the UI — although once set-up, it is no hassle at all. A major benefit of client-side certificates, is that you can increase the security of all internet-facing web applications you have by routing all external traffic through a gateway proxy, and performing the certificate check there. We use Nginx for that, and host applications such as GitLab, MatterMost, OwnCloud, and DokuWiki that way (performing authentication with LDAP so users can log in with the same credentials on all services). I'm not sure I agree with his suggestion of having the ability to automatically synchronize client-side certificates between devices. I would rather have that be a conscious (security) choice rather than an automatic feature. I agree as far as unsupported consumers are concerned, but it is perfectly usable in a corporate setting. As commenter mikegioia already noted; it takes only five minutes to help install the certificate on a user's computer. After that it just works. GWT may have been an impressive solution for a problem that existed when supporting legacy browsers such as Internet Explorer 6 was still an issue, but its time has passed. The general idea was that you get the mature tooling and strong typing of Java, and abstract away all the browser nastiness. Best of both worlds right? The problem with GWT is that you are only using the Java language, and so you are missing all the libraries that make Java such a rich ecosystem when run in the JVM. The abstraction layer it forms keeps your developers locked in a world that is neither Java, nor modern HTML5/ECMAScript. So instead of learning to use new browser features, your team is stuck fighting GWT's idiosyncrasies and waiting for it to finish compiling. If you are considering frameworks for a new web application, go for Ember or Angular. GWT is obsolete and will hold you back. No particular reason beyond my inexperience with React and the impression that Ember and Angular are more mature at this point. I was wondering about that mess just the other day admiring the weirdness of our borders there. I guess one reason why those enclaves and miniature counter-enclaves exist there, is because it makes for a nice tourist attraction; the local community won't give that up without a fight. This seems to concern a small unpopulated peninsula with no buildings at all, so no problem in this case. I tried to open the (Dutch) DOCX that contains the official position paper of our government, but LibreOffice refuses to open it: File format error found at SAXParseException: '[word/document.xml line 2]: unknown error', Stream 'word/document.xml', Line 2, Column 30060(row,col). http://www.tweedekamer.nl/kamerstukken/brieven_regering/deta... Great. Usually OOXML Word files at least open in LibreOffice, but this one seems to have some unsolvable weirdness. I don't get why they don't offer a PDF download — it, at least, is an open format that can be reliably opened on any OS. Or offer a plain text version, or simply post the paper on their website in HTML. Interesting. This is LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. I guess it is a bug in LibreOffice 5.0.2.2. This is the default version included with Ubuntu 15.10. Much appreciated. :) The money going to OpenSSL might be related to the issue the Dutch government ran into in 2011 with the Diginotar (a certificate authority) hack; the TLS certificates for Dutch government websites were compromised at that time. While this hack was not related to weaknesses in OpenSSL (as far as I know), this did put the spotlight on the vulnerability and dependence on of the certificate chain. Supporting the software that provides this crucial layer of security makes a lot of sense for a government that has been bitten once. Done. The helpdesk representative actually mailed me the PDF version, and said that a PDF version should be forthcoming: Bijna alle kamerstukken zijn als pdf terug te vinden. Zo te zien worden de recente eerst als doc gepubliceerd. Apparently new documents can be posted as DOCX only (strange). You are right to point out the open standard guidelines, but unfortunately, they are marked as comply or explain . This means that they are not mandatory if you have a valid reason not to be able to comply with them. In this case, the reason is probably "our civil servants are used to Microsoft's defaults", which is — as much as I disagree with this policy — probably enough to get away it. It looks off somehow, but that may be because of the lack of @font-face. I have no Helvetica on my computer, so some fall-back font is chosen instead. If you have public-facing SSH daemons running, adding 2FA seems sensible. Google Authenticator essentially turns another computing device (the smartphone) into an ersatz hardware token. While this does increase security, I don't like the trend of turning the smartphone into a universal second factor. Alternatively, you could go for a dedicated hardware token such as Yubico's FIDO U2F [1] keys [2]. Hardware tokens that use the fledgling FIDO U2F standard can also be used with PAM and SSH as well [3]. Two U2F keys (one backup) will cost around $40, and can be used with a growing number of webservices, including GitHub, DropBox, and GMail as well. The small form factor means you can put the key on your (physical, real world) keychain. 1: https://fidoalliance.org/specifications/overview/ 2: https://www.yubico.com/products/yubikey-hardware/fido-u2f-se... 3: https://developers.yubico.com/pam-u2f/