How so? the inspector in the nightlies is vastly improved over the dev preview, but if there's anything missing you should file a feature request at http://bugs.webkit.org It's improved, the entire look has not been redone -- obviously there's no point in throwing out the good bits :D The actual issue is parallelising it appropriately -- realistically the best you can do (with this approach) is hoist computation into a worker (which i'm working on) and you get hit by data transfer costs at that point as workers do not allow any form of data sharing between threads. I'm not sure if there is any way to feasibly improve threading of computation in a non-shared-state threading model. this sounds just like weak references to me CSS and html both support rgb(), rgba(), hsl(), and hsla() colors in addition to hex... This seems to basically be bitching about 'finally' (which is a perfectly legitimate thing to bitch about) -- but finally isn't java specific it also exists in JavaScript, C#, Delphi, and quite a few others (strangely however not C++, who'd have thunk it :D ) Yeah, I was somewhat puzzled about that title as it's clearly wrong. A reasonable number of these "wtf"s are just more examples of people failing to understand floating point. sigh One question i have regarding these is how fair are the tests, a very quick look at the tests shows for "pidigits" the lua code has the line: require"c-gmp"(g, aux) Implying that it is using the GNU Multiprecision Library for it's big integer support, whereas the JS code has: load('/home/dunham/shootout/bench/Include/javascript/biginteger.js'); Which is apparently a big integer library implemented in javascript http://www-cs-students.stanford.edu/~tjw/jsbn/ In other words, in at least one of the tests a comparison is being made between javascript and C/C++, not javascript and Lua. One of the big issues is that any JS function can technically walks its own call stack, which makes inlining very difficult, and for many of these tests the ability to inline is actually a fairly substantial advantage. The basic problem faced by a JS engine is that if it wants to be able to inline a function it has to be able to either: * Prove that it knows everything that the function may do -- in effect this means you can't inline any functions that themselves call functions, or any functions that interact with any values you can't consider constant, or identify before you enter the inlined code; or * Have the ability to at any point in time reconstruct the call stack, and all arguments correctly. One of these choices is exceedingly limiting in what you can do, and the other is vastly complex. I have looked at a few of the other tests and nothing obviously pops out as being bogus, so it's likely just this pidigits test which has an unfair advantage If you're claiming that your interpreter is faster than someone elses you can't make your test depend on a native library for the bulk of the work. That may be a valid argument for "my language is better" but it isn't an argument for my interpreter is faster than yours. The numbers you point to make use of http://shootout.alioth.debian.org/u32/program.php?test=pidig... Which is using GMP, so maybe that particular link needs to be updated? WebKit is used by many different applications and browsers (eg. Epiphany, Arora, Omniweb, Shiira, etc) -- by incorporating multiprocess support directly in webkit all of those applications can make use of it. WebKit isn't an end user product -- it's a library, ports are maintained by the people who want the port, there are active gtk, qt, wx, and efl ports. WebKit doesn't have a set of "supported" platforms, each port is responsible for maintaining their own backend support, and their front facing API. There's also the element of "linux" not meaning much in this context -- as I said above there are multiple port, eg. webkit/gtk, qtwebkit, webkit/wx, etc All 747s (and i presume most other commercial aircraft these days) are designed to be able to carry extra engines, as you'd otherwise need to have stockpiles of engines at all airports that your planes may land, or special aircraft used solely for transporting engines. My understanding (though this is second hand so it may be entirely wrong/misunderstood) is that switching out an engine is a relatively simple task. The articles information is very out of date, and relies on multiple issues to successfully work: * It needs an array literal (eg. []) to be constructed using the function referenced by the Array property on the global object. (This was spec ambiguity and only effects older IE and Firefox -- very old firefox, maybe only up to netscape or phoenix?) * It needs assignments in object and array literals to call setters on the prototype chain. Both of these issues were fixed by ES5 (the first may have been fixed in ES3.1) by saying that Array and Object literal notation both use the initial values of Array and Object (so you can't change the constructor used), and by saying that all assignments are "direct" so won't call setters on the prototype chain. This effectively makes JSON hijacking impossible, except of course for the large numbers of old browsers that are out there. This is also a distinct issue from JSONP hijacking, for which there isn't a solution other than to not use JSONP. The post actually appears to endorse using eval to parse JSON. Not only does that allow invalid JSON through, it disallows some valid JSON, and of course is a huge security hole. If you want to handle JSON data in JavaScript use JSON.parse -- it's the safest, fastest, and most correct path to having your data available to you. [update: edited to remove bizarre use of whole vs hole... boggles ] Too my knowledge all browsers now ship with json built in -- if you must work with older browsers (not an entirely unreasonable requirement) you should check for the JSON object first, and if it isn't present load json2.js. Otherwise you're just adding an additional load penalty to your site (and on mobile browsers that can be 100s of milliseconds) The moment you use eval to parse "JSON" data you _are_ trusting content from the client. eval _executes_ javascript, JSON just happens to be mostly compatible with JS object and array literal syntax so it "Just Works". Because eval is executing the data it is using the full JS parser. That means that while '{"name":"bill"}' works as expected '{"name": window.location = "myevildownload.com"}' does too. JSON.parse is built into the language. It enforces strict JSON conformance so you can't end up accidentally having invalid content that won't be parsed by other JSON libraries, and it does not execute data -- it creates the object graph and nothing else. If there's anything that is not valid JSON it fails and has no side effects. When constructing the object graph it uses the real Object and Array constructors, so nothing can be injected that way. When setting properties on objects it sets them directly and does not call setters. If you use JSON.parse to parse your JSON data, it is not possible for an attacker to either run or inject code in your site. And it's faster than eval. Yes, because people don't want to be tracked. If you want to know approximately how many users you have you don't need cookies. Cookies are only useful if you want to track what the user does. Surprisingly users don't want you stalking them on the web anymore than they would want you stalking them in real life. This isn't surprising, people don't want to be stalked online anymore than they want to be stalked in the real world. If sites are worried about having to bring up a big dialog saying "please let us track you and everything that you do" hurting their site traffic perhaps they should just give up on tracking users. If 90% say no to a dialog there probably isn't much point in asking, and asking probably turns people away from your site. The only reason that this kind of stalking didn't turn people away in the past is because it was hidden from them. Your server side validation would have to be a full JSON parser. So in order to use eval, you're adding a full server side parse of the data on each request, increasing server load, and request latency (i've seen sites sending megs of json to the browser). All so that you can save 6 characters of typing to load the JSON less efficiently on the client side. Of course because people _do_ do this most engines these days preflight calls to eval to see if they can be parsed as a subset of pseude-JSON. Note: this doesn't make it safe, any inject xss is not valid json so will still be a hole, and these preparsers try to bail out quickly so treat only a minimal subset of JSON. In JavaScriptCore (so all webkit browsers other than chrome) you can't have escaped characters in string literals nor any non-ascii characters anywhere. JSONP has numerous problems, first it's not JSON -- the object literal is created by executing JS, so you're back to square one with validating your input, the second and more significant problem is that if you ever use JSONP to transmit private data then you've essentially lost the cross origin protection of data present in the browser. Now all an attacker needs to do is get one of your users with an active session to load a page that does and they can gather that data. Can anyone explain how this differs from the MIMO radios what have been around for years?