To participate, you can donate here: https://givedirectly.org/give-basic-income (They're also listing fee-less Alternative Donation Options there, but I can't quite figure out how to use those to donate to this specific experiment.) I mean... AirBnB or Uber? If some of them set up schools or other things that benefit the local community as a whole, wouldn't that be far better than someone developing some app or something and probably moving to the West and earn shitloads of money? Depends on how casual :P But probably not. (Edit: Note: I mean you don't _have_ to. You might like the performance increase, but if you only use it casually, even that might not be worth the trouble.) Not perfect, but: https://whispersystems.org/blog/signal-desktop/ React's virtual DOM has a far smaller performance impact than the web components polyfills have... Matching Firefox in functionality is quite an undertaking, so for the short to mid term, the former is far more likely to be successful. That said, I think Servo has a bright future ahead as well, even before the long term. For example, matching the functionality of embedded rendering engines for hybrid apps is far more likely, and Servo has its speed as a major advantage over the competition. And who knows, it might make it into Firefox for Android :) > Good journals, in theory, are more selective about what they publish It should be noted that this selectivity is not just on quality, but also e.g. on how "groundbreaking" the results are. This results in papers in top journals actually being retracted more often than in others, since they're more likely to be false. Because there are more than a single one :) Obligatory: https://xkcd.com/927/ I wonder if, in a year or two, this will affect the Impact Factor of these journals - i.e. will their articles be cited less often now academics have (theoretically) no access to it? And then a few years later, will this the number of articles submitted drop as well? (Assuming, of course, that no agreement will be reached at all.) By boycotting? I think I dislike underworking as much as overworking. If they get to "as good as", they have the advantage of being open source. This could convince _some_ projects. Next step: make it open http://www.hackertyper.com/ I do seem to recall that processing happens locally, which would give it an edge over at least Google Now (and possibly Siri, as I don't know how that works). In my case, it's "I'm not uneasy about thinking about what happens to my body after I'm dead, but I'm uneasy about 'tricking' people who might actually be uneasy about it". Where I think "I'm uneasy" is understating a feeling of which you might not understand the intensity if you're not feeling it that way. Work is an especially odd situation as "your way" is not necessarily to benefit you. Oftentimes, you both have the same goal ("what's best for the company"), but you disagree on how to reach that ("A is best" vs "B is best"). Once you realise and agree on that, conflicts become easier to resolve. > Hell, I can't even use the terminal for a single session without accidentally triggering the App Launcher several times. Pretty sure that has to do with you being used to different keyboard shortcuts, not with any inherent properties of the terminal app. I'm currently experiencing this the other way around (working on OS X being used to Ubuntu), and struggling with it as well. Reading the Netflix engineering blog now and then, I do appreciate how many of their engineering decisions also take into account the effect it will have on their colleagues, i.e. "does this change affect how quickly/independently our engineers can do stuff"? I think I usually get full articles, but also _all_ comment replies by that author. That gets old quickly as well. Set DuckDuckGo as your default search engine and you don't even need to do any configuring. You can then just type `!wiki India` or `!gi birds` or any other !bang: https://duckduckgo.com/bang - It allows you to easily delete a line without needing to also modify the line before. - It also makes your diffs cleaner. With the latter, if you add a line, you'll also have to inspect the `radius: Float` line when doing a code review, even though it only added a comma. I see what you're saying, but since I really strongly think my being skeptical guards me from missing falsehoods regardless, I'm not going to take this. > How would a typical user know that? I think that's basically the main problem: there is no way to get a typical user to understand security implications of anything without having that user give up before reaching that point... "Someone I know" Sorry, it was a joke, but guess I didn't layer it on thick enough - I was exactly demonstrating your point :P