Broken Age Dreamfall Chapters (Grab The Longest Journey and [first] Dreamfall on GOG.com) Almost all of Telltale Games' catalog MU* (MUD, MUCK, MUSH, MOO, ...) are text-based worlds that predate the modern MMORPG and many are still running and still interesting to explore. Windows Pro-Tip: KeePass supports Windows' "Secure Desktop" (the same place where Windows UAC prompts launch into) for the reprompt. This really should be the default now, but it's simple to enable and incredibly worth enabling given that malware has been discovered in the wild trying to keylog/grab master passwords for programs like LastPass, 1Password and KeePass. Cross-Platform Pro-Tip: KeePass 2.x runs great as is on the Mono VM with only the obvious Windows-only functionality unavailable. The short answer is pretty much: when you want to. There the obvious places where you have to use objects in boundary spaces between libraries/languages. For example in F# (another OCaml relative) you will use objects to interoperate with the larger .NET world. Beyond that, objects are a tool in your tool belt. There are cases where a particular problem makes the most sense in you own head in an object-oriented abstraction, and the idea of a multi-paradigm language is that that is okay and you shouldn't feel like you have to spend the mental effort to refactor it to some other pattern. This extends out to team development, too. An object-based approach might be easier to document and/or understand by the rest of your team. A team working on the back-end primarily in an OO language like C# might have the easiest time understanding a JS front-end the best if the JS followed more of an object-oriented approach than a functional approach. (JS is definitely multi-paradigm.) The Python philosophy is "Code is more often read than written" and that tends to be a useful gut check for choosing paradigms/abstractions/tools. Will I (and/or my team) be able to read this tomorrow? Ten years from now? Me too. Persona is great and has a very nice login flow, and is the best as a user in terms of what is/is not shared with an IdP... Just need to get more websites to use it. (I've written about setting it up in an ASP.NET website and it is really easy to do and work with.) Did you try adjusting your transition time? You can switch from Fast to Slow which will gradually adjust over 60 minutes. See if that works better for you. There's plenty of discussion on this very topic in GitHub issues and PRs. The current "typeof" is inherited from JS and TS compiler doesn't actually do much to change that code. It would be great to see a nice pattern matching syntax, but people will have to figure out what the JS that pattern matching code would look like. EcmaScript 4 had a type system. Although ES4 never quite made it to browsers, there certainly was enough interest to standardize a type system in ES4. Microsoft is a part of "they" at ECMA determining the ES standard and it is certainly within the realm of possibility that if TypeScript proves people want it, a TypeScript-like type system could indeed become standard in some future EcmaScript edition. In some ways, TypeScript is Microsoft's playground for things that they would like to see eventually become standard. Supposedly one of the reasons ATScript isn't just a small fork of TypeScript and instead is an oddly reimplemented TypeScript built on top of Traceur is so that ATScript can still compile to Dart, so apparently at least a few people on Angular 2.0 still like Dart... Masterfully applied analogy. Thank you. First of all we have scientific studies of an actual experiment: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mincome Second, the great thing about mincome is that it makes the Labor "market" an actual market with actual liquidity. Sure, you will get people that finally have a choice to never work again. Finally companies would have to compete against each other and that option to not work to make people want to work. Businesses already pride themselves on their efficiency and productivity metrics about how much work they can squeeze out of as few people: this puts their money where there mouth is. Thirdly, a basic income means that jobs and activities without a steady paycheck become much easier to try and live as a lifestyle. Think of the music, art, writing, acting, and other fine arts we might see if musicians/artists/writers/actors didn't need a 9-to-5 to pay rent and eat. Even things like "stay-at-home parent" start to become easier and better for everyone involved. We're in an economy now where most households both parents need to work a full time job to raise a kid. Who is raising the kids? Finally, what's wrong with drinking and copulating? If people want to spend their time doing such things which don't impact you at all who are you to condemn them for that? DVD Playback was removed in Windows 8 because Microsoft said that almost exactly $15 in the cost of Windows 7 was the DVD patent/license fees. It became available as an upcharge to the "with Windows Media Center" editions of Windows. Solitaire was also removed in Windows 8 and the new game apps were created then. I too don't like that Arkadium (developers given the license from Microsoft) have been allowed to make them increasingly naggy Adware/Freemium, but sadly that is a lot more to do with the current state of the videogame industry than the current state of Windows. Solitaire was removed because they wanted universal apps and someone else (Arkadium) to foot the bill for development. Given that Solitaire was a hobby project thrown in for free, it's kind of amazing it was distributed in as many versions of Windows as it was (and that it survived for so long with very little needed in maintenance/bug fixes). Enterprises kept asking for it not to be included in Windows, and now it is not and an enterprise has easy ways to stop people from installing it now... Consumers "win" in that it's now a product from an actual game company with actual monetization goals in a culture that has allowed ad-ware and freemium to become atrociously obnoxious... (Just look at Windows 10 "kindly" even including a free install to consumers of modern evil Solitaire "Candy Crush Saga". Unsurprisingly, from that benchmark, Arkadium's Solitaire is actually less nagging and cheaper.) In my opinion, as such things typically go, it depends on the scope of your tuple usage: I think tuples are perfectly readable/maintainable when used within the context of a single class. It's that middle point between usage within a single method (anonymous types) and usage in the external API (model classes). I try not to leak Tuples between classes: it's easy enough in the API for your class to "unsplat" your tuple usage in any method calls other classes might need. Also, Tuples are likely to become even easier to read/maintain in C#7 or so, as F#-like syntax for Tuples is a strongly favored proposal: https://github.com/dotnet/roslyn/issues/347 Regarding immutability, C# 6 makes it a lot easier to write immutable types even for quick prototyping with get only properties: public string Example { get; } You can set it in the constructor and only the constructor. On the other hand in C# it's still relatively hard/annoying to build Structural Equality into your classes (which anonymous types and tuples both handle for you) where the equality of two objects is based on the contents of their properties rather than the equivalence of their references. (Ease of Structural Equality is the number one reason for my typical reliance on Tuple as I tend to use tuples often as Dictionary /ILookup keys.) C# has also supported type aliases for a while: using MyTuple = Tuple ; But that's of limited utility (you have to include it in every code file, for instance) and I don't recall the exact circumstances but I recall it being brittle the last time I used it heavily (it was something like the compiler would fail to compile things that should be fine due to it forgetting a type alias half-way through a file), but that was also several compiler versions ago. Honestly, as something of a minimalist, I've been happiest with Github's issue tracker lately. GitLab's looks similar in screenshots, but I've not used GitLab. (Github also has an Enterprise version if you need on-premises install these days.) It has just enough features to get the work done but also not feature/configuration overload so that it's also not eating a lot of "management time from you". Github in particular you can tell that Github themselves dogfood their issues and PRs and want them to be great products for themselves. There are actually more than one "Kanban overlays" for Github issues I've seen. The first example to my mind is https://waffle.io/ I would presume if GitLab has similar APIs for their issues there may be a Kanban overlay for it as well. If you are already using GitLab then maybe you should just use GitLab's issue tracker? I think the convenience of using your source control host as your issue tracker is a big, useful deal. (#synergy) Issue tracking is one of those areas in computing where there's a compulsion to over-organize things and store a lot of peripheral information that may or may not be germane to the actual problem of issue tracking. It's fascinating how much applying the YAGNI [You Aren't Going to Need It] principle to Issue Tracking reveals. A lot of fields are either to duplicate stuff that should already be searchable (in the main body, for instance) in a good issue tracker [1]. A bunch of other fields are business process related and it's not surprising how many of those business processes themselves could use a good YAGNI refactor, and the few that remain after tree-shaking are often easy enough to store in a label, a "tag" in the title of an issue, or a status on a kanban board. [1] I honestly think that a lot of blame goes back to the very slow search of early issues trackers (including and especially, but not alone, Bugzilla) and needing to lump things into specialized fields to get any sort of search improvements. One of the things that I felt Windows Phone 7 and 8/8.1 in their design language did well was encouraging designs that were better than the hamburger (pivots and sprawling "hubs" that encourage you to explore in two dimensions; app-bars with ellipses). It's interesting to see Hamburger menus bleeding back into the design language with Windows 10. It seems a strange, sad concession to meeting Android/iOS designs and even Desktop designs (with their million year old menu bars) "half-way". That said, one of the interesting twists that Windows 10 designs thus far tend to put on the Hamburger menu is that secretly in many cases the Hamburger icon is just a replacement for the Windows Phone 8's App Bar ellipsis: The items on the bar show just icons at tablet size or lower and the Hamburger simply reveals app labels and maybe (rarely) lesser used text-only options. (At larger than table sizes sometimes the bar defaults expanded rather than condensed.) This roughly corresponds with the Facebook suggestions in the article here. The interesting differences to a WP8 app bar are that the W10 hamburger "app bars" have mostly gone vertical and the hamburger is a toggle rather than the WP8 app bar ellipsis was a "slide". It will be interesting to see how this design language continues to accrete/evolve as Windows 10 Mobile gets closer to launch. I like the idea of maybe switching Persona from callbacks to promises, but other than that I'm not sure this proposal is that much more practical than Persona... The obvious issue I see is that there's no easy way to polyfill this with existing browser APIs, to my knowledge: Edge doesn't expose the signed in Microsoft Account to my knowledge, for one example and IE typically doesn't have a "globally acknowledged" Microsoft Account... You could bootstrap off the OAuth/OpenID Connect endpoints of the providers, but you end up with the same Persona issues of bootstrapping from email providers. At least it should be fewer providers (one per sniffed browser, presumably) but it's also potentially a larger headache because there are plenty of browsers without accounts, too. What about Opera? Lynx? What about Some New Awesome Browser? Do you use a fallback provider like Persona's login.persona.org? Doesn't that just reintroduce some of the same "workflow pain" we're trying to correct? Also, Persona works well without being an explicitly W3C-endorsed standard (and would work better if it was, but not required for bootstrapping), where this proposal really would be best if you got it to be a W3C standard ASAP, because you are even more relying on it required as browser chrome (whereas, again, Persona is designed well as a polyfill). I also don't think you can get away from the statefulness of Persona's navigator.id entirely, because you still presumably want the abilities to allow a user to: resume an existing session, log out, and/or switch accounts/identities. At the moment, I'm still thinking the best solution is still more and better advocacy for Persona (and more email provider bridges, maybe), but I'm going to sleep on this. Also, you can't entirely ignore (as an RP [relying party]) which account system your user came from, because a user quite possibly wants to use the same user account from multiple browsers and they'd all might use different account systems so you potentially wind up with the same "link an account" problem of the various OAuth/OpenID Connect worlds without the nicety of a global identifier that you can easily transport between browsers such as Persona's use of any identifying email address. Maybe your web browser on desktop is Chrome and on mobile is Safari? I'm right there with you. My hopes are that enough developers and designers are paying attention to why and what the hamburger menus are doing in Outlook and Xbox and some of the other Microsoft-built Windows 10 applications rather than just duplicating whatever they've been doing on iOS/Android. I've got a feeling that maybe Microsoft themselves hope that their smarter use of hamburgers might be contagious in the other direction (just as so much of Material UI copied some of the flatter styles of WP7/8) and iOS/Android developers might start using the Windows app bar-style of hamburgers. I'm worried, of course, that designers/developers won't be paying attention and will assume the consistency in iconography applies a consistency in functionality. That said, I also see Microsoft's point that the global consistency in iconography may be more important than consistent functionality in a world where users are using applications on multiple platforms (ie, so many people are using some admixture of Windows, Mac OS X, iOS, and Android these days). Actually :s/promises/observables, given the state changes over time. An interesting summary. One of the things I think is missing is the bridge that ES6 modules provide: within an ES6 module you can obviously presume access to the ES6 syntax. System.js provides a polyfill for ES6' System loader (and a configurator/value add on top of a browser ES6 System implementation) allowing you to bootstrap into your ES6 modules. It feature detects and uses Babel/Traceur/TypeScript (your choice) to load ES6 modules, if needed. (It also loads CommonJS and AMD and traditional "global" modules because there is a diverse ecosystem of module formats out there.) JSPM is a further value add on top of System.JS that is a package manager that automates configuring System.JS for a complex ecosystem of versioned package repositories (JSPM registry, NPM registry, and even GitHub repository tags), and grabs local development copies for everything (and supports an HTTP/2 CDN in beta-ish) and helps automate using the System.JS bundler if you want to bundle everything into a single minified file. This is a pretty good stack for working with ES6 today, and as browsers start to support ES6 natively it will transition right along. (System.JS will still be useful itself for its plugin/configuration work, including support AMD/CommonJS/global modules in ES6.) I've been heavily leaning towards Cycle.JS lately ( http://cycle.js.org ) for personal projects. I haven't pushed anything to a Production environment yet, but I really love Cycle a lot more than React. (Cycle is vaguely like React, and explores some similar goals, but Cycle is based on RX and encourages a stronger, immutable functional composition than React.) For production applications at the moment I'm still mostly using Knockout as it is reliable and runs almost everywhere. Related to (1) is the breadth of interesting things that Elon Musk has invested in. Often SpaceX news will mention Tesla and vice versa. It probably also has to do with the uniqueness of Tesla's product portfolio within the Car industry and the multiplier effect that can have in what is already a huge PR-driven industry. Car magazines seem to be just about the only "product fetish" magazine category left and they still need fresh content every month. Other magazines and newspapers (what's left of them) still tend have a (syndicated) "car guy" columnist or at least column space.