I went to college with his late son, Nick. Nick was a good guy and their family was really welcoming and friendly. I remember speaking with Jim during the .com crash as I was getting my CS degree and he mentioned a CS degree is a great thing to have if you love it - keep at it. Solid advice at the time. But make no mistake - when he says he wasn't as fast as some of the others, it's a whole different ballgame. He's a world class genius with creativity and personality to boot. He's also a good guy who is quite generous. Thank you for that. Nick was a friend of mine and I miss him. He loved Nepal and working there. Tekmira Pharmaceuticals has a cure for Ebola that has success in non-human Primates. Is it unethical to try using this on infected humans that are going to die soon? With their approval, naturally. Why not explain what we have, that there unknown risks, etc, but it could save you. The alternative is a painful, awful death anyhow so why not? I feel like a control group is immoral at this point. More importantly, they get public exposure and the government sponsor for their research will more likely resume this project. It was shelved due to budgetary reasons. However, their project is not really going to be able to compete with companies like Tekmira who have begun human testing, having a much higher efficacy in Primates (and likely humans) and are simply further along. Ebola would unlikely be a block buster drug for any company - however, it allows them to research technologies and systems for other, more profitable things. The fact there is an UPDATE statement that is actually an INSERT is clever, but possibly misleading to many users. The design is for insert only so you hate to see syntax that is actually a different semantic. Why are update statements actually inserts? Am I missing something ( besides eventually consistency by design ) or are they trying to trick me? The trade is getting crowded - that's the feeling I get from some higher profile VC funds complaining recently. Their buy-in's are getting more expensive as more private money from non-traditional VC funds moves into the sector due to continued low interest rates, a feeling the public markets are getting close to topping and the fact that each round seems to be up, up, up. This is forcing higher prices for the traditional VC funds which in turn makes them more conservative with how their money is spent. And because the money is so easy to acquire the start-up's are blowing it quickly. They are competing for a limited set of "top" employees which is driving labor costs up to potentially unsustainable levels. Money won't always be so easy. Use it carefully. However, I see the top VC's getting a bit upset they have more competition to invest in tomorrows potentially massive businesses at discounted rates. They will likely raise much more than 100 million. That is the "default" setting for the S1. Also, if the IPO goes well expect the underwrite to green shoe some more. This article is full of so much logical fallacy I'm surprised it made it here. And it's an advertisement none the less. Creates a red herring by stating he's been doing this a long time and has seen it all. Creates straw man after straw man in the trashing of memory caches (avoids their use cases), Dynamo (there's a good reason tons of people use various NoSQL Databases) and Hadoop (C'mon, now). He also creates more logical fallacy in calling various concepts silver bullets that ended up having problems. I don't think anyone serious about technology thinks replication, sharding, load balancing "solves everything". Nothing is a silver bullet and anyone who says something is is selling you something... And then he fails to really address the MemSQL uses replication, sharding (in a limited sense since the core SQL concept of a JOIN is wrecked here and they have a big warning on their troubleshooting page about an error you users must see often). SQL is great but I have plenty of great reasons to use other data stores. SQL isn't a silver bullet for data. Point is, he is calling MemSQL a silver bullet and is obviously trying to sell something while ripping plenty of great ideas and concepts by picking the worst implementations of them and largest misunderstandings of them. If it's the case that we are currently a part of a simulation then we can assume those above use are part of a simulation too and eventually we will create a simulation below us and it's turtles all the way down....and up. Great acquisition by MongoDB. Addressing the shortcomings and fixing them like this is really smart. It's great that MongoDB spent the last year and a half improving the codebase and I expect to see great features in the coming years. The story has just begun with those guys I think and as they get more and more adoption in the enterprise arena (as the DB improves) it will become a standard DB across all lines of business. I know they aren't the most popular thing around here but they are insanely popular and it's great to see the product improving. How do I add and remove capacity then? This is exactly right. I can't believe how snide and ignorant a few of the commenters are (except I can because it's the same folks with the same FUD every time). MongoDB isn't standing still and it is getting better and better with every release. Not to mention there are 100's of massive projects running on MongoDB with success. Something about MongoDB really drives the Postgres community (and certain NoSQL DB fans) nuts and I'm guessing it's that MongoDB is eating their lunch, growing faster than them, is gaining popularity faster, etc. Keep in mind MongoDB is many years younger too and is maturing more quickly now. Plus, developers absolutely love working with it. It's a tool like any other and still has issues but I'm afraid some here are dancing on its grave well before it has even shown signs of letting up on its growth. That is entirely wrong. It might suit your use case (having a bunch of monkeys running around fixing a hack job) but I'd rather use a tool which can expand and reduce capacity when I want, which is quite often. It saves me money on cloud hosting to only provision what I need when I need it and be able to expand and contract it at will, easily. Your solution fails at this. It depends on what you consider "acceptable HA". There are many instances where I'm not trying to protect from a network partition (single data center, monitored batch data loads, etc) and don't have a requirement for that level of tolerance. However, you're right in that it's important to know that nearly every distributed system has edge cases where things might not appear as you thought. Elasticsearch has a section on their Website detailing their resiliency efforts. I wish every company was as transparent about what they're doing on that front so we can all plan and consider expectations better. Another great rye you might try is "Rittenhouse Rye 100". It's great neat or with a splash of water/1 cube or in an Old Fashioned (I always use rye in my old fashioned's). Does this mean that if I apply this algorithm and that 2 or more time series data sets are still similar that they are in fact correlated? I find this test fascinating. You missed the point. This has to do with "time series data" which means time is the same among all the data sets. Because you know this you should remove it to test for similarity. You could apply this to any automatic variable in your domain but time & change is very obviously a typical common variable for many data sets. That's right. Sort of like factoring out common variables/values in algebra I'd say. Time series is the "easy case" but I suspect identifying less obvious commons is the real art of it all. I think time - then you're left with data. If when removing this they still have the same shape they do in fact correlate. I'd be curious to see the results of that experiment to be sure. I believe the beauty is you're using time (x and x-1) to preserve the change from sample to sample but remove the time influence that broadly affects all and distorts the subtle differences that may in fact not be related. It only matters if the commonality is far more influential and unimportant than the unique but import parts. That's mainly correct. Or they used for it something it simply isn't suitable for. You can't just throw random data into it and expect it to work. Proper document modeling and understanding write concern solve almost all the problems people have with MongoDB. It still has a ways to go but so many of the comments here are issues from way back in v2.0. Regardless, it's still very popular and only gaining popularity. And improving. That's the point so many here fail to address. Lots of businesses are using MongoDB at large scale (2PB clusters) and willing to talk about it too. MongoDB gets a bad rep, some of it their own fault for sure, but it's not as lousy as some people here make it out to be. Careful object modeling goes a long ways. Wired Tiger will be a massive improvement on their current storage engine, which is pretty awful for write-heavy loads to be sure. Problem is where it is branched. I don't think they will be able to keep up well. Plus, the new MongoDB storage engine (wire tiger) takes care of its biggest issue which Toku addresses. Plus, I think you'll be able to just buy Toku's storage engine if you want it when they make it pluggable with the new MonogDB storage engine API. The .com is the corporation behind MongoDB. .org is the open source project. Yes, they are intertwined heavily at this point (but it wasn't always this case back in the day) but I can understand why they try and keep their separation of concerns here.