I signed up for HN over 2 years ago, made one post, then promptly forgot my login. I've tried on a few occasions to remember, but this is the incentive I needed to finally figure it out - thanks. Disclaimer: I've never done an industrial-class password hash, but the salts you show match my understanding of good practice. Coincidentally this was posted on HN today, and it takes issue with the hashing method rather than the salt: http://codahale.com/how-to-safely-store-a-password/ Grados are old-school ugly, but they sound fantastic and don't completely block out the world. I have the SR60. I keep seeing this "problem" come up, but I don't understand how it's realistic. If you have a function that modifies a parameter as a side effect, why would you have a default value for the parameter? And since the site's comments seem to be taken over by link spam, is this mention on Hacker News just a clever way to juice the Google rank of said spam? How is that possible? I thought that a generic word in common use couldn't be trademarked at all. Is the system really that broken? First step, talk to a lawyer. Don't trust anything you read on the internet, including what comes next - I am not a lawyer, and even if I were I am not your lawyer. I find it funny that the letter talks about copyright and making copies. You can't copyright a name, although you can certainly trademark it. uspto.gov has a trademark search function. And there's no better reward for the prankster than taking your freak-out public. The link ends up at a paywall. Sorry, can't be bothered. Interesting tech, but calling it 300 DPI is a bit dishonest. It takes 2 pixels to get the full color gamut, so your effective resolution is cut in half. If you have a programmers.stackexchange.com account, you might want to put a vote in here: http://programmers.stackexchange.com/questions/47197/are-the... I guess Bing has a little catching up to do in its misspelling detection. I've often been glad I'm not a lawyer. Could you imagine writing code (a contract) that you can't test before putting into production, and running it on a processor (Judge) that would execute it inconsistently from every other processor? The more useful BitCoin becomes, the more of a threat it becomes to the governments of the world. You'll be creating a huge lightning rod. The two most likely outcomes are BitCoin is a flop and so are you, or the government shuts you down. Not very promising prospects. The peak always comes just before the decline. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The best way is to point out real-life bad outcomes. It's a bit difficult because they tend to be hushed over. Here's one example, I'm sure nobody had access to their database either: http://www.bankinfosecurity.asia/articles.php?art_id=2415 No question I'd talk to a lawyer before trying to integrate this service into my own product. Already discussed: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=2687680 Is it the work "TODO" which has been trademarked, or just the graphic associated with it? If it's the word, I'm disgusted - words and phrases in common usage shouldn't be eligile for trademark. Bitter much? The value of a college education hasn't changed in a long time. It has never been a guarantee of a job. It has never been the only way to learn things. The only thing that has changed is the cost: the price of college has outpaced inflation for many many years. Only a small part of your rant covered that aspect. Success comes to those who demonstrate their worth. A degree is only a part of that process. You're going to get a huge amount of selection bias in a poll like this. The people most likely to try out Google+ are the ones who were already looking for an alternative to Facebook. You could simply open the footnote in a new tab, then the only effort to returning would be to close the tab. Or better just leave it open for the next footnote you come to. Citations go 20 years before that: http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/Citations:automagical#English Unfortunately the P&T office has gone stark raving mad. And nobody will step up to overturn these because that costs money, and who will fight for something they can't own either? I just turned on showdead but I still can't see anything at the link. Even if the patent has expired, copyright is still in place. You can't use the code unless it was placed in the public domain by the author or you have been granted a license. You could however write your own code that expresses the same algorithm. Nothing about this protects you from violating any other patents.