Users are not necessarily human - they can be search engines, API consumers, etc. What's in the annotation is configuration, not application logic. As such there's no real difference between putting configuration into YML, XML and annotation comments. In response to your 4 specific criticisms: 1. (DX regressions) - in theory yes, in practice the frameworks are good at this. The annotations compile down to PHP which you can look at directly, and you get exceptions if there is something wrong with the annotation. 2. (Decreased readability) - subjective POV. I find it easier, because the relevant configuration is next to the code to which it applies. It also prevents crufty out-of-date comments floating around. 3. (Yet another library) - Yep. No answer there. 4. (Icky feeling) - I get far more icky feelings out of seeing 30 lines of custom written 'setup code'. Annotations help to prevent that. That somebody could be you! Wherever this is likely to happen, I wouldn't use annotations. For example, I use YML for environment specific variables. But I don't need routes or fieldnames to be different only in one environment, so annotations work great there. Isn't it moo? Like the cow? Jakob Nielsen would have a field day with this. A partially-sighted TV license for a B&W TV is £25, compared to £75 for a full colour one. Ebay has quite a few B&W TVs available for £5-10. There are 360,000 people registered as partially-sighted in the UK, although around a third of those are over 75 (and so get a free license anyway). I imagine this must count for a fair proportion of those 13,000 TVs. Do you have a link for that? I've only seen them say "if you need to support IE8, you need to use jQuery 1.9". No mention of a plugin. You explaining it would be more useful than the bonus points. I had no problem just giving my email address. As amazing as Seth Godin is, blindly following (or recommending) every one of his suggestions in every situation is not a good idea, and I doubt he would say it is either. > #2 the Apple vision of the world is about consumer products (...) producer products are the future. In one sense, Apple has encourage people to be producers by making it easier to produce financially-viable software. Are you comparing Apple's vision with Microsoft's, or do you have something else in mind? I've used Axure quite a bit, since v5. There's a steep learning curve once you want to use any of those advanced features. I'm not sure how good your front-end coding knowledge is, but these days I find it's just as quick to prototype with Bootstrap. Of all the features I use regularly, the main one is a hand-drawn library which is great for showing people rough layouts without them focusing on colours and typography. From my experience of explaining APIs, most people don't understand the distinction between the web and software, let alone the difference between a web-based API and a software one. If a user knew what WebGL actually is, I would guess that they already know what an API is. It's writing on the users own wall, which they are asking it to do. Therefore it's not unsolicited. It doesn't write on other users' walls, so it's not bulk. The biggest problem with (human-written) email is that it's so poorly written. 20 action points, mixed with a bit of smalltalk, and lots of tangential information, all on a reply to a totally irrelevant email. The kind of people that send these emails either wouldn't use an 'expires' header, or would set the expires header to be '5 minutes from now'. They're the same people that have 'top priority' as the default setting on every Outlook email. However, there are ways of adding functionality to email clients without every single email client implementing it. Think YouTube previews in Gmail, and all the other custom headers on Exchange servers. Can't see the article - site is down. So what I write here is based solely on the premise of the headline and existing comments on HN. I work for a co-working space in London, which is like an open plan office taken to the extreme. Before that I worked in a variety of environments (I'm in my 30s), including public sector 'one-office-per-person' through to agency '3-people-per-desk' type situations, and working from home as a freelancer. Criticisms about working space often come down to 'the garden on the other side of the fence would be easier to work in'. If you work from home, you miss having people to have coffee with at lunch. If you work in a crowded office, you miss having 2 hours of unbroken flow. So the best offices try to combine a bit of everything - quiet space, play space, etc. Some people talk about the 'email-only' office like the Holy Grail of Offices. But it's not - it's cold, impersonal and unfriendly. It often results in unnecessary arguments resulting from people misinterpreting something. So a culture of "speak, don't write" is definitely a good thing, as long as there are some rules about when it's OK to talk to someone. The problem is whether people respect the rules. We try to follow the headphone rule - if I'm wearing headphones, don't interrupt me unless the building is about to burn down. The corollary - if I'm not wearing headphones, feel free to walk up and talk to me. So it's as much about culture as it is architecture, and that's something that often gets overlooked. Do you have access to the text? Maybe you could post it on Pastebin or something. Just read the article now. Yeah, I think the key to understand is that it's 'open-plan ONLY' offices that are the nightmare. Even in workplaces where everyone has a separate office, if the culture doesn't have a way of saying "this person is busy, don't talk to them" then it doesn't really help. I worked with a bunch of about 8 other developers in the basement, and it was fine. Some suggested rules: * Turn off ALL notification sounds. This includes vibrate functions on phones, which still makes a sound when it rattles on the desk. * No phone calls or conversations at the desk. Take it to the kitchen. * No talking, screaming, or muttering to yourself. Nobody cares about your problems, they're trying to solve their own. * If someone has headphones own, they're trying to concentrate. Send them an email saying you want to talk to them. I think you can try to improve it. However, too often people do use the environment as an excuse - "I couldn't hit the deadline because Geoff was typing too loudly". There's also an element of the cultural perceptions of offices. "Important people have their own offices. I want to be perceived as important. Therefore, I must have my own office." When I was young OSX, was so much better. It used to read my mind and produce everything I needed even before I'd thought of it. Including coffee, and sweet blueberry muffins. Without even plugging it in or turning it on. It was so much better than Windows. These days, it is merely an operating system. I may switch to Arch Linux, which I hear has a voice-activated Cappuccino machine and dry cleans shirts. I have always liked Sequel Pro. Then I started looking for an OSX Mongo client, and having seen what's on offer, I love Sequel Pro all the more. A few reasons: 1. Because about 90% of web users were on awful Microsoft browsers which was extremely slow at processing JavaScript, and made a very bad job of rendering CSS. Now, 80-90% of users are on a modern browser. 2. Google's methods of indexing and scoring content changed - it now parses JavaScript, gives value to speedy pages, is good at detecting keyword stuffing, etc. 3. Always-on internet is now pretty much a given, even on phones. 4. There are more developers, trying more things, sharing more experience. 5. Tools. In 2006, we had Drupal, Wordpress, Plone, and a few other odds and ends. These days, we have Varnish, nginx, Jekyll, CloudFront, MongoDB, etc. There are a lot more options, without having to spend a fortune or build everything yourself. First page load, definitely. Subsequent updates - depends. They do index at least some AJAX content - https://twitter.com/mattcutts/status/131425949597179904 . In the late 90s, the concept of video on the web was just starting. Problem was, the technology wasn't there - even Flash videos were a nightmare. Dial-up connections struggled to download large images, let alone videos. Hence, video startups of the 90s struggled and largely failed. But technology did change. Faster upload and download speeds, camera phones with video, consistent browser APIs that rendered video more quickly. And now YouTube worked, not because it was a new idea, but simply because the technology necessary for it to work now existed. Same could be said of static HTML. With a combination of Angular, Jekyll, S3 and websockets you can have a very quick site. This is not just a matter of fashion, but also the supporting technology.