C++ it seems. Hello, author here. As I hint to in this article, explaining or teaching "what a monad is" is fallacious. Given that each monad requires 400–2000 words to teach in its most basic form, explaining the most common monads in a single article would make that article around 15 pages long. That is way out of scope of this article, but perhaps suitable for five other separate articles. I'll have to think about it! Meanwhile, I'm sure you can Google search for Stack Overflow questions on Maybe, Either, List and other monad types to get used to them. You can imagine it a little like walking up to a musician and asking, "Will you please teach me the musical instruments?" The answer you get will be filled with counter-questions: "Do you know any musical instrument? What kind of instrument are you interested in? Can you read sheet music?" (Or, for that matter, try asking an OOP programmer, "Teach me the Gang of Four patterns, please!" It will elicit a similar response, not a 15-page blog post. ;) ) When the type is some sort of container type (Maybe, Either, List, Tuple and so on), the functor interface gives you a function that will change the contents of the container, while preserving the container structure. Example: fmap (*3) (Just 12) === Just 36 When the type is some sort of computation type (IO, Promise, STM, Parser, unwrapped Reader), the functor interface gives you a function that will take a function and compose it with the computation. In other words, the result of the computation will be passed through your specified function before it is finally returned. Example: fmap (+5) (getPromise age) -- promise age is filled with 43 and -- the fmap call will return 48 I'm probably one of those rare programmers who has never had any real experience with OOP. I can tell you that reading about design patterns makes my head spin. I've been able to understand a few design patterns, but that has been because I've had an actual, practical problem in my code and the design pattern could be applied to solve it. Take as an example the following paragraph from Wikipedia: > The essence of the Mediator Pattern is to "define an object that encapsulates how a set of objects interact". It promotes loose coupling by keeping objects from referring to each other explicitly, and it allows their interaction to be varied independently. Client classes can use the mediator to send messages to other clients, and can receive messages from other clients via an event on the mediator class. I have no idea what that means and how and when I apply it in practise. It's just a bunch of abstract mumbo-jumbo, like an explanation of "what a monad is" will be. So I still hold that the abstract description comes after you learn how to use the thing, not before it. Unfortunately no, but that's in the works. Now that several people have requested it, I've bumped it up on my list of priorities. Semigroup is a closer match. Monoid includes an identity element. (All monoids are semigroups, and a lot of semigroups are monoids, but not all of them.) Also might matter that open floor plans make interacting with people convenient, and it's a large part of their job to interact with people. I really only need interaction with people for well under 10% of a normal work day. What makes perfect sense for their kind of works does not make as much sense for my kind of work. About 1: all of your experiences still hold today. A friend of mine started a file hosting business on the side when he was still in elementary school. Much like yours, it quickly became popular in one small community, and then spread out of that. Today, 8 or so years later, he has quit to work full time on it and he works on it... a lot. "Easily scalable" only works to a point, then it quickly becomes expensive unless you create a solution tailored specifically for your problems, at which point you're negating the "easily" part again. Not sure if it's relevant, and unfortunately it's a bit outdated, but have you seen Real World Haskell? Also related is Beginning Haskell – A Project Based Approach. Me too. I normally need around 8–9 hours to function normally throughout the whole day – an hour more if I've been exercising regularly. It's highly impractical sometimes, but I've started to accept that I just need more sleep. I can usually get by with less sleep (7 hours) and function somewhat normally if I go to bed and wake up at the same time every day, but I feel much better if I get a couple of hours more. > Not only do these type systems allow you to annotate things as "doing side effects"; they specifically disallow doing side effects unless you have annotated the thing as such. Just below the "Controlled Side Effects" heading. There are data structures that are a combination of linked and contiguous, such as the classic rope data structure. For persistent collections, a common backing data structure is the hash array mapped trie, which is basically a quickly-navigated tree of arrays. Somewhere in there is the obvious tradeoff you have to make between access time and copying time, with regards to the array length. Well, Erlang is also basically immutable at its core, and seems to do reasonably well. It's definitely not up there with C (that'd be ridiculous) but within its domain I haven't heard many performance complains either. I think that's a healthy way to view mutability. It's an amazing performance optimisation, but like any optimisation, it's not to be performed prematurely... Sure, the [unordered-containers]( https://github.com/tibbe/unordered-containers ) library is based on that IIRC, as is the [hash map in Clojure]( https://github.com/clojure/clojure/blob/master/src/jvm/cloju... ). Introverts usually get less practise at managing social situations because they need more time alone, but that doesn't mean they can't be good at being social. :) They may very well come naturally (they do for me), but they carry a cost that must be repaid later with some alone time (they do for me). I'm not using anywhere near all the neat things provided by rsync.net, and my account is like the smallest one possible, but damn am I happy to have my data there. They're super cool people even when it comes to the smallest customers. Keep up the good work! There are still some of us crazies around who take photos on film and create prints ourselves in a bathroom-turned-darkroom in our homes. Definitely gives more weight to each picture when the turnaround is weeks, and each picture requires hours of physical work. 2) is generally accomplished with marks. Press m followed by a letter to set a mark where you are, go down to wherever you want, and then you can pop back by pressing ` (backtick) followed by the letter you set for the first mark. If you want to go back and forth, you can set two marks. > The whole "file handles" can't escape a certain scope sounds like what python's with statement does. It is incredibly easy to return a file handle out of a with statement. There is nothing in place other than programmer discipline preventing you from doing so, and your program blows up in... interesting ways. > Why fmap has this law The law is the only law of fmap, which is the "structure preserving law". It means that if you apply a function to each element of the structure, you cannot change the shape of the structure. This structure preserving property means you can safely apply any function (even ones you don't know what they do) and you can be safe you're not losing information beyond what the function takes away. > It should possibly be renamed to Container or Mappable to be more in line with what general developers expect. Mappable would be a truthful name. Container is not a good name because far from all Functors are containers. You can map over a lot of things (I/O actions, functions among others) which are not intuitively "containers", unless you revise your intuition of "container" to mean "mappable". :) The good thing about calling it for what it is – Functor – is an argument commonly lifted by Edward Kmett: when you're honest about what you're dealing with, you instantly give people access to 80 years of collective knowledge about the thing. But it does give a strong hint. I personally don't prophesise somethings demise in a shorter timespan into the future than it has existed for. I find that to be a good rule of thumb. High-level programming has been around for 50ish years, so we probably won't get rid of it for at least another 50. > I was saying that it brought no great advances with respect to side effects, Really? I work with a bunch of languages that does not have controlled side effects, and controlled side effects is the single biggest thing I miss from Haskell. The uncontrolled side effects I swear over daily, if not hourly. The fact that the order in which I call functions can – undocumentedly – decide whether my program works or crashes is a ridiculous concept. The fact that if I share the wrong piece of data with another part of the application my program starts behaving erratically from having invalid data is odd. Sharing data should not feel unsafe. Changing the order of method calls should not be a threat. As long as a function gets the data it wants through explicit parameters, it should work. It shouldn't matter at which point in time I call it, because managing time is really difficult. Managing data is easy. The controlled side effects in Haskell give you a way to encode these things to give you guarantees and self-documenting code. It gives you opportunities to deal with these problems in sane ways. Refactoring Haskell code is mostly a matter of symbolic manipulation. A huge chunk of the process doesn't even require me to think about what I'm doing, because I have much more freedom when I don't have to worry about side effects myself. This is good, because I'm bad at thinking and I would like to do it as little as possible. Every single bug that have appeared in my problems have been because I'm bad at thinking. Inofficially, it has been. Technically, it's not quite true. Water has a density of 999.97 kg/m³.