So says a person posting to news.ycombinator.com! Go back to Usenet. I'm not a ruby programmer and it's not immediately obvious what the result would be. I know a pretty large number of languages to the point where, unless it's LISP, I can look at code in any language and have some idea of what it does. When a languages gets "so cool" that it's cryptic than I no longer see the benefit. Only 0.001% of startups (and I'm being generous) need the sort of power being discussed here. The reason "a scalable database" doesn't exist is because there isn't a big enough market for one. I have no doubt we'll hear more about this in coming months, not because of any specific need, but because it's the latest fad. Your list of features has nothing to do with getting things done. They are almost completely academic. MySQL. Easy to setup replication and good tool support. For the last 8 years, I've been developing LAMP projects on Windows and deploying on Linux. I don't have any trouble with PHP extensions nor do I have to change any code to deploy on Linux. PHP. So in a year down the road, you won't have to make the switch to it like everyone else has. "OK, the DA is saying that. Not Hans. Hans is not saying he will tell them where he hid the body. The DA is trying to get the public on board with the sentence and so holding bogus announcements that he is negotiating for a reduced sentence in return for body location. This is a publicity stunt by the DA to fool the public with spin." http://www.crazyontap.com/topic.php?TopicId=36938#465360 Google's strategy is the same as Microsoft's -- and it certainly hasn't served Microsoft well in this space. Tables render better on mobile browser than pure CSS layouts. Mobile browsers are very smart about tables and almost always do the right thing. CSS is just too complex to get a good result when you need to scale down to a small screen. If you use tables, you don't have to avoid CSS. They compliment each other. I agree that nested tables are ugly, but they're also completely necessary now because of CSS. Using tables to render your main multi-column layout wouldn't require any nesting. Also, tables are more likely to render in different browsers (including mobile browsers) than a complex CSS layout. Given the number of CSS hacks and extra HTML tags in exactly the right order that is necessary for most column layouts the end result is almost always less complex with a table. Forms are tabular data -- headers on side, data on the other. Screen readers should have long adapted to that scenario. Exceptions are not meant to be handled where they occur, that's why they unroll the stack. For the most part, you can't recover from an exception -- you just abort whatever you're doing, print an error message, and let the user try something else. Checked exceptions cause developers to re-interpret the exceptions or just swallow them -- neither is a benefit. I've never downvoted a story before but this one deserved it; but now I can no longer downvote! I am sad. How the hell does this get upvoted to the #2 spot on hacker news? This is both dumb and not news. Ranting on magic_quotes_gpc has been done to death already. Now for some code: if (get_magic_quotes_gpc()) { array_stripslashes($_GET); array_stripslashes($_POST); array_stripslashes($_REQUEST); array_stripslashes($_COOKIE); } function array_stripslashes(array &$array) { foreach ($array as $key => &$value) { if (is_string($value)) $value = stripslashes($value); elseif (is_array($value)) array_stripslashes($value); } } Only programmers who don't regularly use PHP seem to be bothered to point this out. Why don't PHP programmers care? Because PHP is a weakly typed language that operates in an environment where most of the data comes in as strings. More often than not, the double equals does exactly what you intend it to do. Programmers who use the triple equals in PHP for all comparisons have entirely missed the point. I love boolean constants for assignments, but I think you've got a good point with regards to comparisons. Rarely, in real PHP code, do you see comparisons involving boolean constants. Most of the time, you just do this: if ($var) { dothis(); } if (!$var) { dothis(); } The constants are definitely adding to the confusion. However, only in these contrived examples does one compare numbers and strings with boolean constants. The type conversion is logical, it just looks funny. While I was not 100% enthused about the idea of having every application go through Apple's gatekeepers, I did think the concept had merit. Enforcing a little quality control could be a good thing; especially with the large number of users who've never owned a smartphone before. But the quality of approved applications isn't any better than what's available on the average Pocket PC software site. They're just rubber-stamping applications. Some applications have horrible engrish descriptions. Approved applications disappear and reappear depending on the whim this week. Updates to applications take forever. Apple has dropped the ball on almost everything related to iPhone apps, from the app store to the f king NDA. "The point being: strings and booleans are an overlapped type space." That's the problem. Because they overlap for comparisons, you can't tell an empty string apart from boolean false. It would be safer if it wasn't that way. But the function returning false is perfectly valid. It's not any different from returning null or some other value because it is distinct from a string. In PHP, like your Perl example, you could easily write "if (is_bool($str)) {...}" if you wanted to. It's not really any different. The problem is that you don't get an error if you go ahead and treat that boolean as an empty string. If the gatekeepers aren't keeping apps out of the store, then they're not offering a useful service for users or developers. Instead, all they're doing is preventing users from getting at applications they might want and preventing developers from getting their applications (and updates) out. If they'd have a better approval process, they wouldn't have to yank applications at all. It's one thing to simply not allow an application that nobody has ever seen and it's entirely another to make them just disappear after they've been bought. Which do you think is better for PR? "can you imagine the firestorm if Apple were to reject apps on the basis of the quality of their ad copy?" Firestorm? From who? Apple is vetting the applications, so I expect a higher quality experience. The ad copy might be written by the developer but it's part of the store. You don't expect bad ad copy on Amazon or Dell and you shouldn't expect it on Apple's store either. I'm expecting Apple to reject applications based on their quality. If users and developers have to jump through hoops, there should be a real tangible benefit. "We know they could do that if they wanted to, because they did so all last year..." How is Apple not allowing any 3rd party applications like how Sony runs the Playstation? "they were met by an army of jailbreakers and lots of complaints from developers and advanced users. So now Apple is trying something else." ...And they're still met with an army of jailbreakers and lots of complaints from developers and advanced users. What we have now is the worst the both worlds: a closed platform without any closed platform benefits. I'd be just as happy if they opened the whole thing up. Or providing a tighter app store while opening the whole thing up. And yes, they have enormous backlog but it's never going to go away because every update of every application also needs to go through the process. Every app that has been approved today will have to be approved again and again and again. Think back to how much of your western education was spent on completely pointless exercises... MySQL does have built-in measures to prevent this kind of disaster! They should have enabled binary logging and use that to make low impact backups. They also could have used replication (also built in) to avoid all these problems and have a hot backup. The only reason they retained the 'Gold Support Service' is because their own database administrators obviously had no idea what they were doing or how to use the software correctly. There are always companies that will make use of commercial support for FOSS but MySQL will probably never make any money from me. In its first full quarter of sales, the iPhone exceeded the marketshare of Microsoft's entire lineup of Windows Mobile smartphones in North America. That's HUGE. Despite Microsoft's massive head start, years of smartphones sold, they were overtaken in a single quarter. You could easily call that "total failure" without it being a huge hyperbole. The fact is, if you look at it in this abstract way then your feelings are valid. But during concrete web development, the functionality of PHP's comparison operators make a lot of sense and make the code simpler and easier to understand.