If this is a BSA campaign, just looking at the youtube comments, it's kind of stupid, because people are supporting the guy as a result and speaking badly about BSA. I always dismount cheap power supplies, to see their quality for myself. I check for creepage, clearance distances, noise filtering circuits, transformer quality, grounding quality if appropriate, build quality, circuit sophistication, appropriate wire gauge, protection fuses, etc. Some of those I checked had none of the above. I enjoy understanding electronic circuits. But it is also important, I believe. Just reading the list of unsafe banned products from EU markets, a lot of the time it is these cheap power adapters. And I can absolutely understand why. This doesn't make any sense to me. If attacker can intercept connections I'd rather he get the hash than the plaintext password. At least then actual password is still not compromised, which is good, given how many people share passwords accross services. If he can tamper with connections, there's nothing that can be done anyway. It would be very nice if there was a feature in web browser that allowed user to opt in to something like this: When there's a password input on a website: 1] automatically take website's domain concatenate it to plaintext password 2] generate a secure hash from 1] 3] Derive some reasonably portable text password (20-30 characters) from 2] 4] Make it so that original web page never has access to user's plaintext password 5] Submit result of 3] Downsides: 1] Stupid websites enforcing password rules other than length (can be worked around mostly transparently). 2] Extra stupid websites limiting password length. (requires user interaction and configurable exceptions for such websites) 3] Can't login with browsers that don't implement this. This would be very nice for people who share passwords between services. Also would make web service data leaks less valuable to attackers. User would not depend on service password handling quality and/or operator's morality. I use different passwords for each and every service. But many people can't be bothered or don't get the risks of password sharing, so it would be at least some help to them. Very little, around 60kB free if writing programs in C language. Strncpy is not used correctly either. strncpy(ifr.ifr_name, dev, IFNAMSIZ); will not necessarily NULL terminate ifr.ifr_name for all values of dev variable. NULL terminated input is assumed later when ifr.ifr_name is used in strcpy. Yeah, I don't know either. I went as far as to write spkg (spkg.megous.com) in 2006, just to replace the funcionality of pkgtools bash scripts without adding new features. (imporving robustness and speed) I never got any response from the Slackware team. I guess they're just very very conservative. I loved my Slackware times for the learning experience. But it was hell of a lot of work to use it. Also, it can still catch bugs even in javascript. It's not related to C at all, as original article states. Equality operator is commutative (sans operand side effects). It's not a quirk. > The thing is, when you hoard wealth as numbers on a balance sheet rather than spending it, you are actually destroying that wealth. Money which is not in motion is not money. People who withold their stash of money from the market cause deflation, meaning they just increased the value of money in other people's pockets (what others can buy for the same amount of cash). So there's no loss for other people in the economy. The only loser is the company doing the witholding and its employees. Other people had already benefited from the iPhone they bought or whatever. Absolute amount of money in the economy doesn't matter much. Seems like nonsense witchhunt based on three numbers: "The estimated amount of money laundered globally in one year is 2 - 5% of global GDP[1]" "...government charges, Liberty Reserve processed 55 million separate financial transactions and laundered $6 billion in criminal proceeds. [2]" (I assume they just summed up total amount of transactions here, just because they can...) "Budovsky admitted in his plea agreement to laundering more than $250 million in criminal proceeds. [3]" So, $250 mil. is 4% of $6 bn. Which is within normal range of money laundering rates. He's getting it probably because he wasn't licensed and wasn't giving up data, or something like that. [1] https://www.unodc.org/unodc/en/money-laundering/globalizatio... [2] http://abcnews.go.com/US/black-market-bank-accused-launderin... [3] https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/founder-liberty-reserve-plead... I always wonder at lack of reciprocal thinking in these kinds of views. People don't mind buying cheap stuff from foreign countries but think there's something wrong or bad when the people that received their money use that money to buy something in their country. This is exactly part of the whole deal. It's inseparable. Why would they sell you something in the first place if they couldn't buy anything back? No. What it seems like is that they want more flexibility while developing GNOME (6 month cycle as it is now), and provide some stability for outside users of GTK+ too (2 year cycle). Beta releases are done within the regular 6 month cycle. Perhaps the authors of the toolkit are better positioned to judge what the release policy and development approach should be. They take long term stability requirement of outside parties into account with this new approach. I'm not sure why they couldn't use the benefit of being in control of the toolkit while developing GNOME, and write some adapter layer, like KDE. So if extradited he may be tried. Now has jury of your peers (fellow citizens) any meaning in case of trying a non-US citizen? Jurors must be US citizens, but they will not be his peers, really. Not much difference: {{ var | escape }} Nevertheless, I used DOM/libxml on the server side in PHP/C, since 10 years ago, and was happy about it. It avoids all the other the template issues (balancing open/close tags, etc.) very well. A few helper functions and you're good to go, with simplicity, flexibility and speed you will not get from any templating library in PHP. Though, some coding customers don't know what to make of it. Some people have trouble with not being able to see HTML in the code, because "where do I paste my Google Analytics code?". I wish for icon fonts to die. I don't mind website designers defining what fonts to use. That choice is almost always something I don't want, unless it's serif or sans-serif. I can override that choice with my own, which is better for me. Having the same font on every website increases readability and pleasure of using the web. Browsers allow for this in the user visible configuration, perhaps for this reason. Also, security. I don't trust random fonts from the internet, to not be malicious, so I disable them all. If I choose readability and security, use a normal browser feature to do this, by disabling website enforced font choice, the website should not break. Icon fonts are definitely a hack. There's no fallback to anything sensible when the font can't be used. It just breaks, and the website is unusable. At least use a title attribute, so that when hovering over some random character I can see what the supposed icon I never saw stands for. Especially when used for icon only navigational controls. And this is not even related to accessibility. Perhaps designers assume that they are in full control of their website appearance, and don't include into consideration user's choices, enabled by various browser options/configurations. Not that much bloated. And it can be quite readable if done well. You also don't need to learn peculiarities of for loops or macro language in a given templating system. The host language is it's own macro language with all the features you already know, and not limited to whatever template language authors decided to implement. Beginners also forget about balancing HTML tags, which is quite unpleasant experience when creating and changing more complicated templates with loops, conditions, etc. You can also do post-processing on the constructed DOM, even during construction. Bloated code only happens if the programmer fails to structure the code into nicely re-usable functions. Anyway, it seems to be quite popular right now with all the react hype - React.createElement is such a helper function to help construct DOM tree. It's pretty much the same concept on the server side. Except you don't need to care about DOM diffing, because server has no persistent DOM. el.email = document.createElement('input'); el.email.type = "email"; OTOH, governments sure love alcohol. Consumption and VAT tax adds to 50% on hard alcohol. There's a lot of profit to be made. Gov makes many times more than the actual producer. Denaturation is just a way of pleasing industrial users, while keeping the exorbiant profits from drinkers. If they could, they would tax the industrial users too. It's a blood money because of artificially increased incetives for unsafe production of alcohol. Which killed and blinded people in the past. Even those who thought were buying the "good" taxed alcohol because of supply chain contamination. Cynical view perhaps. Though when thinking about effective measures the government decision making is always contaminated by losing their precisous billions of $. (non-US) Income tax on companies. That's income that would possibly lead to capital creation/accumulation - and was redirected to other uses by the centralized decision making of the government. I think that counts as "means of production the state has forcefully taken in Sweden". Would be nice if affected end users actually complained to google when they randomly break a website, based on the network speed. Then the Chrome devs would perhaps think twice about breaking old APIs. You assume this technique is always bad. It is not. It is a simple way to load scripts from JS with browser forcing serialization of the script exectution. It should be developer's decision to choose whether he prefers speed or simplicity in a given context. How do you know? Doesn't make sense given the end of the interview, unless the recruiter was being completely disingenuous. The recruiter recomended the interviewee getting some education in the topics he asked about. Dumbing stuff down is not the same as giving the exact answer on some cheat sheet you've nerver seen.