If ever there was an existence proof of why flowcharts disappeared from engineering discourse, this is it. Seriously, which would be easier to understand: this monster or the 80 lines of code that it would take to actually implement it? Didn't he say that last decade too? I'm pretty sure I still have that book... The really short answer is "how to code". Forget technologies; forget grades. At best, they will get you in the door for an interview. They won't make your a productive employee. If you can produce working, deployable software on your own, then you will succeed. Not that many people can, honestly. If you aren't sure if you can hack, then pick a problem and solve it. If at the end of a week you can give your software to someone else and have them use it successfully, you should be fine. Everything else is fluff, and can be learned on the job. If you can hack, you'll do fine. A section on "memory debugging tools" that doesn't include valgrind? This article is crap, sorry. Lua is kind of a mess, IMHO. There are other options. Here's mine, designed for a similar (small, embeddable) role: http://plausible.org/nasal/ It doesn't have the mindshare that Lua does, nor the history, nor the testing frankly. But honestly (and yeah, I'm biased) Nasal is a cleaner, simpler, more robust and overall better language than Lua, especially for people mor e accustomed to the perl/python/javascript notion of how scripting languages should work. That's mostly a semantic game you're playing. What you term "monolithic framework" is what the author (and, IMHO, most developers) mean by the term "framework". The rest of your post describes what most people are happy to call a "library" or "toolkit", or "utility". Frameworks, as understood by common industry terminology, are defined by providing the vertical integration you are talking about. Because it's easier at the beginning. Doing a big application from scratch requires doing stuff like requirements analysis, which means you need to understand the universe of tools available to make good decisions. Then you need to prototype for a while before settling on the final design (i.e. your custom framework). With rails (or whatever) you get something that works immediately, which feels safer to a lot of folks who don't have the deep toolkit expertise required above. The problem is that while the framework works , you don't actually understand it any better than you do the toolkits, it's just handling stuff for you with (what you understand as) voodoo. So when it comes time to make big design changes in the future, the toolkit folks know exactly where to start, while the framework people are completely lost. I'm not completely against frameworks, but I've seen so many misused that I'm very wary. A stupidly-applied library is usually a point-source bug that can be fixed in one place. A stupidly-applied framework infects the whole application with its mess. Most of us would submit that people might read XML data more often if it didn't look like crap. If all we wanted was a metadata format that was easy for machines to read, we wouldn't have specified it in text. If you're not reading your XML, you're probably using it wrong. And even if you personally don't care, we're still at the mercy of all the developer out there specifying their configuration formats in XML. If you're not reading your configuration files, you're definitely using them wrong. Your point is that XML is good because it is standard. That is valid. The OP link, however, was pointing out that while this is true, it's also true that XML is a very bad choice for that metadata format. Look at things like JSON or YAML for saner, simpler and more readable alternatives. We ended up with XML because it looked like HTML at a time where "web stuff" was all the rage, not because of its inherent value. I'm not quite sure I see the real threat here. Barring remotely exploitable firmware bugs, this family of exploits requires access to the hardware. No security model anywhere can protect a machine from an attacker with physical access... But bookmarks of new pages at least, which are notable for their currency. This is just an emacs site. It's like posting a link to http://google.com and calling it "Search" or something... This is exactly right. The windows implementation of ANSI C89 rand() was done with a 16 bit linear congruential generator back in the win16 days, and left unchanged for compatibility reasons. It's really not an insane choice on their part. Lots of applications really do rely on PRNG repeatability, and you wouldn't want a platform upgrade to interfere with that. The real lesson is that applications with solid randomness requirements need to be relying on their own generators (there are lots to choose from) or an OS-supplied RNG (e.g. /dev/urandom) and not ANSI C, which is underspecified. The author seems to have more depth in theory than in practice, unfortunately. The first function examined, and casually discarded (without attribution) is the Dan Bernstein djb2 function. This is a very popular function, largely because of its extreme simplicity ("multiply by 33 and add/xor in the next byte") and comparative robustness (it's VERY strong for a one-line algorithm). Neither of these benefits seem to be of interest, though, so he drops this one on the floor and he then trots off to examine a bunch of 20-30 line monsters. Which is interesting enough, but not terribly useful to someone who actually wants to implement, y'know, a real-world hash table. djb2 happens to be a favorite of mine, it's a great thing to keep in your head for when you need a nice robust mixing function. If you really have requirements that go beyond what it can provide, you're probably better off just using a cryptographic hash than trying to internalize the stuff in this article. Given that digest hashes are the strongest algorithms available anyway, all the advice here is just carefully disguised premature optimization, IMHO. The conclusion doesn't match the story. XYZ wasn't hurt because he wrote maintainable code, but because ABC didn't. XYZ's problem was that he/she wasn't able to maintain poor code. Believe it or not, folks, that's an important skill , and something employers in the corporate/IT world pay big money for. XYZ doesn't have it. ABC may or may not, it's not clear. But the moral here isn't that the market doesn't value good software. It's that the market places more value on the ability to make bad software work. Well, duh. Almost any of them can work well. If you are a competent admin and architect, you can make any distro work. But competent admins and architects generally already know several distros very well and wouldn't get much value from this discussion. So your real problem seems to be that you're worried that you don't have the proper skill set. Basically: you're asking the wrong question. Either develop the expertise yourself, or hire someone who already knows this stuff and trust their judgement. Asking a bunch of internet yahoos for their opinion on a platform choice is just going to cause a flamewar (c.f. bootload's post above). All that being said: I've had plenty of experience on Ubuntu and RHEL/CentOS and like them both. Debian is rougher but works once you know it well. Stay away from Gentoo except as a teaching tool. And *BSD and Solaris are also good choices if you have the staff buy-in (i.e. don't cause friction with your IT folks, let them use what they like). After three decades of minimal-to-mixed success, you would really think people would have figured out by now that RPC is a fundamentally flawed metaphor. It's not pipelineable, which means that it's always going to be slow. It's a deadlock waiting to happen. And it's obscure: it takes the simple notion of calling a method (say, to extract a single field) and hides from the programmer the fact that this simple object might live on another side of a content. Just a disaster. Without exception, every successful network protocol has a query/response structure. Even things that are "technically" based on an "RPC" protocol (NFS) have evolved in this direction for performance and simplicity. Take a look at the code for an NFS stack and see if you can see the "procedure calls" to the remote server. They aren't there. JSON isn't an RPC protocol, it's a data format. And REST is a web architecture, it lives at a higher level (and on top of HTTP, which is not an RPC protocol). RPC architectures are things likes Sun-RPC, CORBA, SOAP, XML-RPC, DCOM/COM+, etc... They model the network as a bunch of objects on which you can call methods/functions from within an existing programming environment. Which sounds like a nifty idea until you try it and discovers that it sucks (see above rant). Alternative for what problem? The issue is that RPC tends to fool people into spamming the network. Where a traditional database query would issue one request and get back a thousand rows of eight columns in a pipelined stream, a (dumb, but entirely plausible) RPC architecture might end up iterating over a thousand remote objects, calling an accessor method for each field, and making thousands of synchronous round trips to the server to accomplish what the SQL query did in just one. This technique doesn't antialias the corners either. It just draws tiny background rectangles with careful margins. But it's pretty clever, IMHO. And a few lines of jquery could automatically add the extra markup at load time. Please. Check the absolutist pedantry at the door. If the technique works and doesn't affect the content management process (which, remember, is the real reason that people want non-semantic markup out of the HTML -- it's so that there's a single place to look for the semantic stuff) then by all means go for it. With just a few lines of jquery you could automate this process based on a single class tag for the "rounded corner" divs or whatnot, and everyone wins. I'm not completely sold that this is easier than image mangement (it probably is for developers who fear graphics work, less so for designers who fear code hackery), but it's awfully clever to my eyes. The most important trick is just to name a price in the first place. Especially in software, if you're good at what you do and the position is a good fit, you are almost guaranteed to be able to get what you ask for, as long as it's not ridiculous. At worst, you'll get a counter-offer. If someone drops you outright it's because they really don't want you and the salary just forces them into a decision. (Or, rarely, it's because they truly can't afford you: you don't want that job, becuase it won't be there for long anyway.) Employers actually hate it when people come in with squishy responses like "Oh, I'm not looking for salary specifically..." because it just makes more work for them. It's much easier if they can say "this person costs this much, do we pay it or not?". Coming up with a "fair" salary is much harder. You realize that Debian will run just fine on that PowerBook, right? The idea of saving up for a new computer to run linux , of all things, sounds awfully alien to me. :) Yikes. It's like a "Fr33 software is teh suxor!" flame written by a literary analysis poseur. Not a lot of insight, but wow, can he nest a dependent clause! Meh. Sure, whatever. Open source hasn't taken over the world, hasn't killed windows, and is most successful on the server. I guess that's "failed" for some interpretations of the term. It's my experience that there's a hugely bimodal distribution in people's feelings on this issue. Some folks like Spolsky just eat it up. Thinking about office space and design turns them on, and it feeds back into being happier with everything (or conversely, working in a gray-carpetted drywall office drives them nuts). That's fine. To each his own. But for a lot of the rest of us, it's just not a big deal. The mechanics of the work environment (good location, quiet, offices with doors, etc...) certainly matter. But the look? Meh. To us, no matter what the physical space is, it's the coworkers who really define the work environment. Just bear that in mind before you decide that you have to write that huge check to the interior designer. At best, pretty space is going to help retain people on the margin: maybe it's a tiebreaker between you and google, etc... But it's never much more than a tiebreaker. Yawn. This article is three years old, and even in 2005 was mostly trite, recycled trash (X11 sucks on a line with 200ms latency? Do tell...). And big chunks of it are just plain wrong (no, stdin and stdout are not always pipes, are not forced to be unidirectional, and yes you can tell the difference) or incomplete (the author apparently has never heard of the scatter/gather I/O using readv/writev, nor kqueues/epoll, and doesn't seem to know much about signals either). Basically everything in this is either wrong or disingenuous. Stay away, it's just flame bait. If you want to read a good flame about unix, "The UNIX-HATER's Handbook" did all this much, much better. Read that. The linked article isn't worth your time.