The equation is provided on the same page. It is using the Heaviside step function which allows you to piecewise define the curves and add them all together. The main change from the Jeopardy competitions is they don't need to find an answer in under a second. So you can probably reduce to computitional capability significantly. I know Citi Bank has a disposable credit card number feature though their website. You had to log into your credit card account to use it. Is it a one person car? How long did something like that take you to do? Seems like best to stay away from Walmart. I doubt it costs Cisco anything extra because they probably need the distribution rights for other products they develop (for example WebEx.) Besides it a good PR benefit for them with minimal incremental cost. This question seems totally unreasonable for the length of any technical interview I have taken or conducted. Most interviews run under an hour and focus on multiple topics. Its rare you can focus on one question more than 10 minutes. The rule of thumb I use is that if I'm picking a question as an interviewer, I make sure I can answer that question in 1/3 the time I plan to give to the candidate. Given the pressure that they are under, I expect to owe that that much. Right now I'm browsing HN while eating at my desk. What is the fewest number of moves than one can lose a game of chess assuming the losing side is trying to the worst possible. Better deal than $3 billion for a company that makes thermostats. I'm guessing this is not an engineer designed product. I can see there will be a lot of technical issues to solve. Also the kind of connectors displayed can easily cost hundreds of dollars if they are custom made. FPGA are still more costly when compared to ASIC in large volume. Some of these high end FPGA can run $1K to $10K assuming you have even access to them due to their limited availability. Probably a fire code violation if a power loss prevents you from opening the door to escape. The whole point of that API is crowd source collection of data so everyone can benefit. If electric cars are already a good deal do we still need to have tax incentives? But why restrict the gov't ability to provide free online filing. If TurboTax can provide an alternative that is better then they can still make money by providing value. Are you old enough to remember the dot com bubble and bust? School of hard knocks VC investment don't guarantee a return. The market has decided that the company is worth little. The language color forth does this. atwood's law They are tax payer subsidized. I'm living in one of the top cities in the Bay Area and they don't yet cover there. Amazon already allows DRM free publications to be emailed into Kindle devices.