Hello, 1. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: pinch to zoom with touchpads DESCRIPTION: pinch to zoom with touchpad is convenient and available on most platforms. It would be nice to have it on Ubuntu and other distributions, too. It is already available with touchscreen on some applications but not at all on touchpads. 2. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Pixel-perfect scrolling everywhere by default. DESCRIPTION: Pixel-perfect scrolling makes it more easier to read long texts. 3. FLAVOR: all HEADLINE: Parallelize apt / dpkg DESCRIPTION: Installation of packages requires downloading, unkpacking, configuring. Using apt(-get), one cannot install two or more things in parallel. Package downloads could be done even if an installation is already ongoing and requests to install packages could be added to the current installation process instead of rejecting them because there is already an installation running (with possibly priority handling). 4. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: One-click add ppa + install app DESCRIPTION: It should be easy for users to install applications that are not in the repository. One click to add a ppa and install an application (with any security warning that applies) would be a good step toward this. 5. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Stability when resuming from suspend DESCRIPTION: With too many laptops, resuming from suspend is unreliable and may hang. 6. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Higher maximum volume level DESCRIPTION: One thing that is consistent across many laptop, maximum sound is too quiet for integrated speakers. 7. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Make Emoji input and display easy and here by default DESCRIPTION: More and more people like and use emojis. A Ubuntu should handle that correctly. 8. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Show battery usage per application and alert when an application is eating battery (unexpectedly) DESCRIPTION: sometimes, a process uses too much battery and has time to waste energy before noticed. 9. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Remote control without configuration DESCRIPTION: it would be nice to be able to help a novice Ubuntu user remotely, without making him / her install and configure anything, even if they are using a public wifi, with low latency (with a possibility to take control with an ssh-like method). 10. FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Bring atomic snapshots to the common user DESCRIPTION: Btrfs and ZFS provide atomic snapshots that can be used to go back in time in case something bad happened. Ubuntu could bring this functionality to the user by making it possible to cancel an update or a configuration, and to protect user's home directory from human mistakes by periodically making snapshots.This would be a useful complement to regular backups. ROLE/AFFILIATION: Kubuntu Desktop user FLAVOR: Ubuntu Desktop HEADLINE: Exfat installed by default DESCRIPTION: Many cameras use exfat for their memory cards. Users should not have to install an obscure exfat-fuse package to handle this. (forgot that in my previous comment) A bit off topic but I wrote a very small JS library that uses this exact format 6-7 years ago. It transforms such an object to a DOM tree. This is nice to see somebody mention this format, this kind of validates it. So, thank you! It also accepts things like ["div#123.class-name-1 class-name-2", ["span", "Hello world"]]. You can keep a reference of a node in a Javascript object if needed: let refs = {}; let div = jso2dom( ["div", ["span", {"#":"sp"}, "Hello world"] ], refs ); console.log(refs.sp); // Hello World I've found it very convenient so far and still use it today. This is simple, prodigiously stupid and works in vanilla JS, so this works for me for the time being. Parsing may be complex but in my case, this is done by the Javascript engine, so I'm not affected by this complexity. This is possible in D using /+ comments +/. https://wiki.dlang.org/Commenting_out_code#Nested_comments This allows commenting out code containing comments, which can be useful when debugging or giving usage examples in the code. One small thing that bothers me is the upvote button that looks too much like a button to (un)fold comments, especially when you can't downvote and therefore don't have any downvote button. I just discovered that there is a [-] to (un)fold comments by the way. I would probably just have swapped the positions and use less confusing icons. Another thing is the occasional blocks of code that are too wide and not wrapped, this requires horizontal scrolling which I find a bit annoying, especially on phones. And the text-reflow Firefox extension does not handle this, otherwise it would be a non-issue for me. At the beginning, the appearance of HN seemed raw to me, but I got used to it and like it. The Intel integrated graphic card of my laptop does handle 3 screens fine and I dont need to mess with drivers, everything works well out of the box. I would actually advise against NVIDIA cards unless you need powerful graphic processing or to do GPU computation. Stock rom without root was pretty decent for me. No ads at all. However, I only use free software apps mostly from F-Droid (and uBlock Origin takes care of the web). I knew that this was putting myself in a bubble, but I had not realized that the experience of using a phone for a lot of people must be that annoying. What a shame. Computers should serve humans, not the other way round! I discovered Google Play's App Store on someone else's phone, that was painful and stressful. But what you are describing seems hellish. "Chrome for Android now supports Widevine L1, allowing sites to play encrypted media in a secure way." Really? If I want visitors to play encrypted videos in a secure way, I serve them through HTTPS using a codec that does not have patent issues! Widevine is not a matter of allowing anything. This sentence is an horrible way to describe what it is for. Good article otherwise, except for the annoying top bar. I wondered the same thing a while ago and I would think this is to ease dragging the window with the mouse, which you may want to do easily when the window is not maximized. I'd really like Firefox on Linux to hide the window title bar (at least when maximized) and put the close / maximize / reduce buttons in the tab bar (or make it an option). The tab bar does already allow one to move the window, at least on KDE. Then, Firefox could adopt the same kind of behavior as Chrome for this. Thanks for the tip. I didn't know maximus. Actually, kwin does allow writing rules that do exactly that. However, this removes window management buttons, which I don't use often but do like to have. Extensions did that but are not compatible anymore ans never really had an integrated look. I recognize this is mostly feelings though I used to have tab trees and they are amazing. The extension I used had some stability / slowness issues and I also like having nothing on the sides of the webpage. I would still appreciate a tree view that shows when clicking a button when I need it, maybe something like the Netsurf History that shows when long clicking on its previous button (by the way, this next/previous tree feature of Netsurf is awesome, it would be great to have this as is in other browsers). But I usually have many tabs and Firefox is usable without tree tabs. I use CTRL+tab to cycle through most recently used tabs. If you enable the browser.ctrlTab.previews about:config setting, you get a nice alt+tab-like window. The order of tabs in ctrl+tab is changed when using browser.ctrlTab.previews (from simple in order tab circle to circle through most recently used tabs, lastly used first). I have become dependent on this to the point that Chrome or Firefox without it feel like they get in my way when I browse. I also from time to time used the list of tabs provided by the ctrl+tab previous window, but it seems to have just disappeared in a recent Firefox update? Anyway, I find that the most efficient way to go to a not so recently-used tab is to just search for something in its title or its URL in the URL bar (CTRL+L) and use the "go to tab" feature (and I disable search engine suggestions in the URL bar). And if you closed the tab, the page will be proposed because it is in the history. Chrome's URL tab just feels useless in comparison. The URL bar of Firefox and its CTRL+TAB tab preview feature / cycle order are two killer features for me. Losing them would be painful. With light pages + efficient ad blocking, 50 tabs seem actually light on memory. This may be less true with video pages or many heavy online newspaper websites. Since I got a 32 GiB RAM computer, I don't know what is the memory usage of Firefox anymore. I love them at times. Do you know if a Firefox 57+ compatible extension exists for that? This is great. I didn't expect this to happen so soon. When we will have this and pixel-perfect scrolling enabled by default, the Firefox UI will be close to ideal for me. To get pixel scrolling now, the solution is easy: #!/usr/bin/env sh MOZ_USE_XINPUT2=1 exec /usr/bin/firefox "$@" I use rss2email with cron to send posts of my family's blog by email to people for whom straight RSS is not convenient. This is especially nice for my grandmother, who has an iPad. I found no RSS reader there that is easy to use enough, free and ad-free. I just wanted something I can just give a RSS link to and it fetches this link and shows content. And nothing else. This does not seem to exist. My grandmother knows how to read and write emails. Blog posts are rendered properly using rss2email in her mailbox. And she knows how to click in the email to go to the blog and comments at times. This is actually even simpler and more optimal than a dedicated RSS App. One unique easy way to get news from the family using the tablet. And the blog is easier than Facebook (I guess - never used it). There is just our content in the pages and that’s it. No irrelevant stuff around and no notifications. If you are looking for ways to keep in touch with a group of people in which somebody is not really into computers, this may be one nice solution. So, thanks to the authors of rss2email. I wondered the same for the downvotes. #3 (communal process) can be really fun and enjoyable. It depends on the people. Each time I experienced it, people were always having great time. Perfection should not be sought. Letting people add their creativity can help. It can really be a good idea. But do not force anyone not willing to participate and do not make such people feel like they are jerks. #2 really depends on the people. It has been wrong most of the cases in my experience. People often enjoy food. Food is part of the pleasure for many people! Maybe you could use a different theme for each profile, or put different buttons or buttons in different order in the toolbar? Maybe there could be an extension that shows the name of the current profile and/or an image/text chosen by the user in the toolbar or the tab bar? The extension would have to be installed in each profile, but this is to be done only once. Please still my idea, whether you are a Firefox or an addon developer! The keyword trick given by others is nice. If like me you are lazy, use the autocomplete feature. First manually type the URL with the search terms and validate. Then for your second search type some unique part of the base URL and it appears because it is in your history, press down and modify the URL for your new search. When you have done this several times, it seems firefox understands what you are trying to do and autocompletes the URL with the common parts. Works Weil with wiktionary, wikipedia and WordReference for instance. Special mention to WordReference with its friendly URL scheme. Works on firefox mobile too. I canot remember how to validate autocompletion, my fingers do it themeselves. It must be something like Right or CTRL+Right. On mobile, it is a touch. I wonder why it works for me and not for you. I guess I'll have to guess what in my usage pattern allows that :-) Maybe I accessed the base URL without the query parameters. The Linux kernel. edit: VLC. I guess KDE Connect uses this kind of API to share the clipboard between the phone and the computer. This is very convenient, but this can be a bit scary too. This means your phone which is full of proprietary blobs accesses everything that is copied from the computer. This is even worse if you have any app you do not fully trust on the phone. Maybe a solution would be to have a manual button "share clipboard with the phone", instead of automatically sharing the clipboard. Solving this seems pretty similar to how browsers handle phishing related issues with International Domain Names. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IDN_homograph_attack I have used Viz.js since 2012 in Aude [1], a tool to play with Finite State Machines, in order to display results from algorithms like minimization, determinization and other common FSM-related algorithms, and also to provide an automatic redraw feature when drawing FSMs. The user can also input FSMs in a small description language, and they are drawn automatically using the same system. For people who don't know Viz.js, it is basically GraphViz compiled for the web as ASM.js using emscripten plus a convenient way to call it. Usage is simple: you give the DOT code, and it returns an SVG document as string (other formats are actually supported). Viz.js is awesome. Thanks Mike Daines! And obviously, thanks Graphviz! Webgraphiz uses a viz.js file. Is it actually the same Viz.js? (edit: yes, it is) [1] https://aude.imag.fr/ There is a market to take here: Javascript as a Service, to bypass CorpNets. Ubuntu is probably going to be updated before January, 9th ( https://wiki.ubuntu.com/SecurityTeam/KnowledgeBase/SpectreAn... )