I liked AbiWord. It was very lean and GTK+ friendly. But I always had little gotchas with the formatting and problems with ODF occurring between word processors that didn't occur as often when originating from LibreOffice. It had the clean/snappy interface that LibreOffice should have had, but definitely not the document feature support it needed. These days, I'm not sure why anyone would bother trying to revive AbiWord. Not that I don't have my fair share of software engineering projects that are specific to my interests, but I personally wouldn't go back to using it or LibreOffice. If I really need a full-blown word processor, Google Docs does everything I need, and their Chrome app works for offline use. Most of the time, I can get away with writing stuff in Markdown. Then again, I'm a developer so that appeals to me. Microsoft Word online also works well cross-platform. With either one, you may not get the best multi-format support, but they're both very dependable IMO. I couldn't depend on AbiWord most of the time unless I knew the same doc would be opened in another AbiWord instance. Web-based technology really is, I think, the best way forward in cross-platform development for things like word processing which are not CPU intensive. People can and should use whatever tools they want to get the job done but, if I was to start a new Linux/CP word processor today, I'd be using Node.js with Babel and make it "Web Native". For some things you'll want C++ but, for me, not this. But best of luck to them for sure. It's been hours and nobody has showed up to call this an atrocity? The JS world really is improving. Anyone else remember Widget Workshop? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Widget_Workshop I loved this game as a kid and, while it's not really a programming language of sorts, it's great for getting you to think in a programmer's mindset. Logo bored the crap out of me, but I could make neat things with it. I feel like it was completely forgotten but something like it could have a real educational use today. Can anyone explain why everyone should vote? YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Life is full of trade-offs, and sometimes the choices you make don't work out. The author sounds pissed off because they took a risk that didn't work out, so he's telling everyone that it's objectively "bullshit" to make himself feel better about his lack of success like it's someone else's fault. The fact is that both the haves and the have-nots take these kind of risks all the time, and few succeed. But some do and many still consider the chances worth the risk, despite their failure. It really doesn't have that much to do with privilege, so much as creating a mental fixture from a statement like "follow your passion" and ignoring the fact that all statements are subject to exceptions. Basically, the post reeks of bitter naive white guy problems, and I want my 3 minutes back. The fact that I am even here is evidence that I quit my previous career to pursue a passion. I also don't assume that the same decision would work for everyone. But I'd hardly call it "bullshit". I couldn't agree more. Social media is not directly subject to the first amendment. However, there is a legitimate problem if entities that monopolize a communication channel apply subjective censorship; it's a threat to the first amendment, an American principle, if the mass can't actually carry out free speech. It can be argued that online speech has now been monopolized by a few entities; while I don't think that's entirely true, there's a nugget of truth in there. If Facebook, which now wants to be more of a media company than just a place for cat pictures, controls an obscenely large portion of online communication, that means they(a small number of people in reality) can have far too much influence in political discussion, freedom of expression, etc. While the side of me that's liberatarian says that people can simply not use Facebook if they don't like it, saying that alone is not going to stop the mass in the center of the bell curve from subjecting themselves to censorship, which indirectly subjects myself and others to that same censorship. What can make this worse is the continuing implosion of Twitter. If we want people to have some retain modicum of responsibility(i.e. just unfriend/unfollow/block), censorship that oversteps reasonable boundaries needs to be challenged, and our government can do that if they impose on free speech.(whether or not that actually happens, idk) Well, privacy in the sense that they don't want their mommies and daddies see what they post. Basically, yeah. "For women, the prevalence of overall obesity and of class 3 obesity showed significant linear trends for increase between 2005 and 2014; there were no significant trends for men." The problem what that page is that it doesn't include answers that are antithetical to Mozilla's values. Add "I want a safe space on the internet" as a response, and I imagine you'll get far more people clicking that than anyone who wants freedom, privacy, learning, etc. Neat! Funny how people who prefer Photoshop always have to show up and take a dump on GIMP just because it doesn't meet their expectations. I don't particularly like Photoshop and haven't used it in nearly a decade, but that doesn't necessarily mean that I think it's bad software.(though I'm not a fan of Adobe's practices) If GIMP is ever going to support the desires of professional designers, it's going to have to be developed by designers. Maybe I'm wrong, but I am willing to bet that the people who actively use and develop GIMP are people with programming experience who are doing some digital imaging on the side that doesn't require things like CMYK or high bit depth. GEGL and GIMP have been in development for a long time now, but have advanced in areas that the user base cares about, but not necessarily in areas that professionals care about. Simple as that. If you really hate Photoshop, learn Scheme and contribute to GIMP and GEGL. I do want to comment on the non-destructive editing feature; I feel like that's also a serious designer convenience, but it's never been something that I have personally desired. In fact, I wouldn't really want it, I think. In other software packages that have similar non-destructive capabilities, like Maya, the "history" of an object becomes more and more cumbersome over time. Maybe this doesn't happen in Photoshop, IDK. To be honest, I'm perfectly fine duplicating layers are "backups" before deciding on the right look. Japanese food is way overpriced nowadays, and hardly "japanese". You have to pay a ridiculous amount for actual Japanese food; anything mid-priced or below is covered in fried breading, mayonnaise, and even jalapenos. I'm not against "fusion" cuisine, but it sucks when there's so much of that it makes it difficult to get the real thing. Chinese food in America much cheaper because the ingredients are much less costly and far less difficult to make. I don't think the value of Chinese food really has to do much with the Western perception of the Chinese economy or its people. That "Chinese" food is, in America, is designed to be tasty and relatively inexpensive. Authentic Chinese food isn't as appealing or palatable to most Americans. It's definitely even worse for games, as copyright law and the nature of the industry can mean that a game might not be legally obtained again for over a century. Nintendo, for example, goes out of its way to punish people for distributing games that they no longer publish or license, even despite their abandonware status. How often do you find that a person with a low body-fat ratio with negative effects caused by bad posture? The people who I've seen with obvious problems caused by poor posture, like a hump or sore back or joints, are usually moderately to highly overweight. Kind of like how women with large breasts can have problems with soreness or neck humps. I suspect that it's not so much about good posture as it is about having a variety of postures throughout the day and not having bodyweight stressing one's joints. Granted, I have no scientific evidence for this. It's just from my own observations(and my own experience of being a former fat guy). I don't buy it. Choose any one of the weights and select only web; it'll put either Python or Java at #1 and PHP and JavaScript way below. That just doesn't seem realistic... > This kind of thing makes me wish I had done better in high school and could have studied at a school of Stanford's caliber. Yes. Yes, indeed. Boy, my life could have taken a completely different course had I been able to make more decisions once my brain became more fully-developed. The only Google services I use are its search and YouTube. I moved away from Gmail, though I have throwaway Gmail accounts. Email: Private server and domain Chat: Facebook because few people seem to use anything else, let alone answer their phones or emails. I otherwise hate it. Photos: Keeping photos is overrated. I keep the few photos I take on a network drive at home and rarely share anything with anyone. If it burns in a fire, I wouldn't care very much. Yet still not worth being in the hands of some company. Drive: See above. If I need to share something, it's either through Email or Box. Search: Still mostly Google, but increasingly Bing as I feel like I get better results(I suspect that Google is underhandedly trying to make the web more "friendly"). Just type in some mean or evil phrase into both search engines. Docs: I rarely have to write docs or spreadsheets. Google's online spreadsheet is pretty good, but for a "document", I end up writing stuff in Markdown using Dillinger.io. Music: Most of the music and content I enjoy is free on YouTube. Eventually, I'd like to leave Google all together. Changing search engines is easy, but YouTube and Maps are near impossible to beat at this point. I don't think this is a problem that generalized ad blockers should be attempting to solve, as it's a completely different breed of advertisement. Maybe there could be a separate project for tackling disguised ads on big sites, but otherwise trying to solve a very nuanced problem using a broad approach is going to be an endless headache and perhaps futile. I have no reservations about blocking disguised ads. Advertisers have abused their position for far too long, and it's pretty clear that disguised ads are only going to make the web more of a mess of infotainment or advertainment. I ended up writing my own Chrome extension to remove Facebook's suggested posts, as it actually isn't that complicated if you simply crawl the DOM on element inserts. There's probably a performance hit, but not enough for me to really notice. https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/suggest-me-not/cel... Their problem is they'd have to contradict their own UI despite doing things like that. Let's say that they removed the "Suggested Post" indicator from their ads entirely, and the ads essentially appear identical to something you are already following; unless you had followed the page before, it should display a Like button like any other post and it would not say something like "You liked/followed this page" at the top of the post in the feed, so it would be a safe assumption to clear out anything that wasn't specifically liked by you or a friend. But, if they were to not display a Like button or elements telling you whether or not you have followed the post before, that's yet another indication that it's not a genuine post. I wouldn't mind never seeing anything that's "suggested" and would rather find content through friends(you know, that whole social networking thing). I don't see how they can ever get around ad blocking in the long term without making their site unpleasant to use. I think what you said is very true, and I see it reflected in my own life. Though I think it also has to do with male nature. Historically, it has made sense for men to be less likely to form attachments in healthy circumstances, and I think evolutionary biology probably hs a role here. Men can form intense bonds with each other when they are comrades or fellow soldiers, but to irrationally attach oneself to other men is not an advantage to a man when the going gets tough and he has to find a new position in life that doesn't involve his old platoon; from a reproductive perspective, hanging out with the same men indefinitely isn't as likely to get him to fertilize some eggs as forming an emotional bond with a woman or women. For women, it seems more beneficial to form lasting bonds with other women as they can provide a support structure that can help raise children and consolidate effort doing menial tasks while men are off doing other things. A man, in times of yore, could make his own way even if he lacked a support structure. For women, vulnerability and lack of strength, made it much more difficult for them to simply go off at will on their own and form their own families and slay their own dragons. Nowadays, that's not so much the case in the west, but I think these innate behaviors we developed as a result of our physiology usually remain, aside from some conditioning (i.e. nurture). The lack of a physical community can amplify those behaviors. On the other side of the coin, I think many men are forming friendships and communities, not in the real world, but online where people can form bonds with those who have common interests as opposed to those jerks on happen to live on your street who don't drink your brand of beer or root for the same football team. Our Burger King culture of "have it your way" makes forming communities with people who only share very general traits with one, like the kind of genitals you have, make little or no sense. Lack of common experience also makes it hard for people to really care about spending a moment with one another. Meanwhile, the Web has a segment for every belief, activity, or way of life, and people who one can relate to on an asynchronous basis with little social risk. I had online buddies for years, but it was easy because they never saw my face and I was never obligated to take time out of my day to go to lunch with them or attend a boring get together with their family. I've had the same conclusion for a while. I'm not a social media junkie, but I use Facebook often enough that they should know a lot about me but their ads and their algorithmic content show that they have a long way to go in getting a computer to actually understand my behavior and interests. Funny how they answered a question about paragraph tags that I was wondering yesterday. Most answers to the "p vs br" question seem to be "do whatever you want", but the recommendation in the article seems most correct to me, since p tags are for the parser(in case it needs to know what the paragraphs of the body content are) while breaks are presentational.