Yes, I agree... what Crockford says makes sense to me. Know where they go, and use them consistently. This blog post doesn't make so much sense. It seems to say that you should be aware of the rules at all times and strive to use as few semicolons as possible (even going so far as to put them in front of statements). Yes, it would work, but I don't really see this as more readable. I live in a US town of ~6k people, and currently get 6Mbps on the lowest tier plan available (50 Mbs is readily available, just a bit pricey for personal use). I don't buy this argument at all, as there are metro areas that will have worse connectivity than some rural areas within the US. I also wonder what the real reason is. Registering to place applications in the android market is not free. Does the iPhone have a public bug database so we can search for issues? This is exactly true, and the worst mistake, imo. I have no idea how to find it in the Android Market, and I suspect many others don't as well. Zoodles works, though the quality of the games varies pretty dramatically. Linus did do the benchmark (see Comment #46). That's not really true... the iphone tracking happens regardless of location settings or applications. The location controls do not affect it at all. Who sends hashes of credit card numbers instead of the #s themselves? And how is this passed through to the processor? I've not seen such a protocol for sending CC#s from the browser before. "During normal operation or in Safe mode, your computer may play "Fur Elise" or "It's a Small, Small World" seemingly at random. " This is actually really old news. This story on it is from 2 years ago: http://androidcommunity.com/android-tethering-apps-pulled-fr... It is interesting that he says the Everex machines (from 2007) were "pretty much intended as a way to get up and running in your Chrome browser". It's funny how quickly things get ingrained into us, such that we barely remember not having them (Chrome was introduced in late 2008). > The main difference between Ubuntu-LTS and Debian is that Debian's stable release cycle is longer and more thorough. I believe that the debian stable release cycle is currently at about 2 years, w/ a very short support cycle afterwards. The LTS cycle is 2 years with a 3 years of additional support afterwards. Or just search harder: http://www.t-mobile.com/shop/plans/flexpayplans.aspx?direct=... (Yes, I know that these are FlexPay as well, but the prices are the same) I believe that both of those choices would have been even more "out-dated", though. Yes, and it's nice to avoid the increased memory overhead of running 32-bit GTK and 64-bit GTK. The increase in shared lib overhead is still fairly significant. With a sufficiently large block of ice, a few blackouts may not even be a problem. Yes, the battery of the previous tablets were much smaller. But don't forget, the previous tablets also cost close to 2k at introduction, had similar speed processors (but running more complex operating systems, with lower responsiveness), had lower quality displays, were thicker, and weighed a lot more. I don't see any of those improvements as being particularly non-obvious. > I agree with you, but you have to admit Samsung is pretty > clearly copying Apple's trade dress. It's the only tablet > that could be confused with the iPad at a glance. I don't think I have to admit that. Is it really any more iPad like (at a glance) than this: http://www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/759029-REG/Motorola_00... I don't think it's incredible to make that claim at all. The iPad has been around for quite a bit longer so you would expect to see a lot more of them in the wild despite only outselling android tablets by approximately a 4 to one margin at the moment. Despite this, I still routinely see android tablets in airports. I saw a galaxy tab 7" tonight (along with 3 people using ipads in first class). I've also seen a few galaxy tab 10.1s and a couple of HTC Flyers. To be clear, I also wonder if the actual ratio is 4 to one. I just don't think the number is completely outside the realm of possibility. Is there an explanation somewhere of how the gallery in 2.x infringed, but the gallery in 3.x does not? It's not immediately clear to me how the two are significantly different. In the US, airlines require that electronic devices be turned completely off during takeoff and landing. In my experience, this is rarely enforced. I'm not sure how your comment is substantively different from the article. He seems to cover both scenarios (just the mongodb process rebooting vs whole server rebooting) accurately to me. FSLR is profitable. Google Talk supports Video chat across a wider range of devices than FaceTime.