I included a full language specification with my patent application. Reading boring specifications can also be a drag, so I even wrote a version that sorts information by color. Its all available on http://mailmarkup.org/ If you are aware of any prior art please do the right thing. I have not been able to find any, but that does not mean it doesn't exist. Did you bother to even open the spec or were you too busy making assumptions? Here is a link in case the you missed the one on the site: http://mailmarkup.org/mail-documentation.xsd I am going to make the baseless assumption that your intentions were well placed, and happily await a contribution of prior art. EDIT: My lawyers have deliberately asked that I not transcribe the claims in the patent application, but its really not hard to figure out from looking first at what the language does differently from the spec and then glossing over the claims in the patent application. I put this stuff online myself years ago, because I have nothing to hide and want nothing more than to ensure the software is valid and novel. Please feel free to prove otherwise, because either way you are contributing to a software project. Anybody can protect an invention. The average 8K-18K in average lawyers fees is trivial. Building a team and acquiring the necessary funding to launch a business investment based upon an invention is a far greater challenge. Not everybody is at a stage where quitting their job to work on such things full time to build a product complete enough to present to angle investors is a viable option. If it were so simple then every software developer would be a successful start up founder. The intended goal of this thing is to fully describe email threads in a manner that is durable. To my knowledge, even today, there are no structures or grammars that are capable of describing email content and fully retaining their original definitions after full exposure the various software of the email platform. Rich text format comes close, though. Regardless of whether or not the patent is granted I would like to create a start-up to build a new transport medium. It would be nice to have an online software platform built for automation and data integration above all else that allows any data repository to become a possible publication point using just URI addressing. I can see many possibilities that could arise from such a thing, especially if the primary markup language is always immediately accessible. I get really tired of people thinking web === internet. As a web developer I enjoy contributing to projects that help me to identify stupid things, because there is an abundance of stupid in web technologies. I enjoy contributing to things like JSLint and Pretty Diff. Sometimes contributions can be as simple as bug reports or feature suggestions. This kind of information is golden for complex projects maintained by very few individuals. Why bother blaming politics you don't control when instead you can blame the technology that makes this possible in the first place? Support an alternative like http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml Instead of laws and wishful thinking why don't people take action toward an alternative technology: http://mailmarkup.org/value.xhtml You can tell the people who really care about this subject from those who just need something to whine about by looking at the contributions they make. To be clear Obama is not a member of the Republican party. You mention Obama specifically and then dumping "this political baggage" and follow it up with the "Republican Party". I think its time we all revisit "Born On The Fourth of July". Stone's bore of a movie in search of a plot. What it lacks in direction and basic story-telling it makes up for in emotion and political bias. I lost braincells watching this foolishness and it is enough to convince me to ignore all other politically sensitive Stone movies. Stone should go back to doing movies like "Conan the Barbarian", which is a classic. > Email is an amazing tool. I don't understand the rush to get rid of it. I would say that Email has its strengths, but there are still learned opportunities for improvement. Email is a text based format. I mean this literally as in there is literally no convention to email aside from a couple specified fields in the message header, which often get auto-reproduced into the message body. We can do better on this front to increase accessibility, internationalization, and understandability. There is greater AI potential from email than from the web. Email chains tend to represent conversations with the necessary networking information that both computers and humans similarly understand. This is absolutely missing from HTTP and requires a lot of custom assistance in the formatting of the output to make sense to either computers or humans on the web. Email is less centrally managed than the web. The end points on email are message authors while the server is a glorified application router. On the web though the server is the end point, which is far more primitive. Perhaps the "disruption value" is not in media/advertising/content (as in the web) but instead in an enhancement that could erode certain attention from the web. Here is a potential example that will probably never see the light of day http://mailmarkup.org/ * Name - Biddle * Description - Self-hosted application/module distribution and package management for all languages and operating systems * This month - I would like to reach initial completion status thereby moving from alpha to beta releases * Skills - JavaScript, Node, Shell Scripting, Windows, nix * Link - https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle * License - MIT ES6 refers to ECMAScript version 6, which was the official name of the latest version up until around December 2014. I believe ECMAScript 2015 was coined by Dominic Denicola to put additional pressure on TC39 to publish that year. Specifics on how exactly this is happening are unclear. Is the officer less confrontational to begin with, avoiding escalation? Or are suspects and complainants more wary of their conduct? Is it some combination of the two, or are even more factors involved? To determine these things would be a far more complex and subtle piece of research, but the study does suggest that officer behavior is probably the most affected, and that other effects flow from that. Clearly the brilliant researchers of Cambridge don't have teenage children. The answer is simple. People in emotional need of attention will act out (and escalate) as necessary so long as there remains feedback (whether positive or negative, healthy or harmful). I suspect this sort of irrational behavior is most frequently displayed against the police officer, but in some cases can be caused by officers (they are people too). The only distinction between officers and non-officers being frequency of experience dealing with confrontation. Despite the behavior being completely irrational (often out of control) there remains a fear of accountability. Will video evidence go out to your parents, spouse, coworkers? How embarrassing, right? The magic is that this fear of accountability is immediately present. The irrational behavior has to ramp up, similar to rage, and so is not spontaneous. This indicates the accountability fear is a constant reminder to not embarrass yourself, particularly when there is evidence that will appear on YouTube. Until very recently, and thanks to the likes of The Guardian’s The Counted, Fatal Encounters and Campaign Zero’s Mapping Police Violence, the data to prove the systemic racism that results in the police killings of unarmed black people has not been widely available to the public. It doesn't sound like, according to the article, the California initiative is to prove racism but rather track, identify, and reduce police initiated violence. Is this the writer's bias? I am working on a partial solution to this kind of problem and plan to move from Alpha to Beta version later today. https://github.com/prettydiff/biddle This is not a CVS, so you would still need to run something like git locally on your own server, but the idea of self-hosted modules will solve for the censorship of central authorities. Thanks for taking the time to look at it. The Docker approach looks like a strong approach, but I suspect applications leveraging this solution would be confined to the container. Writing parsers is hard and takes some experience, but its not as hard or as impossible as most of these comments make out. JSON is retarted simple to parse, even in the face of certain edge case ambiguities. I can say this from experience after having written an HTML/XML parser that provides support for various template schemes: Twig, Elm, Handlebars, ERB, Apache Velocity, JSP, Freemarker, and many more. I have written a JavaScript parser that supports React JSX, JSON, TypeScript, C#, Java, and many more things. In years I have been programming I frequently hear whining like, "its too hard". Don't care. While you are wasting oxygen crying about how hard life is somebody else will roll a solution you will ultimately consume. http://prettydiff.com/ https://github.com/prettydiff/a11y-tools Hope it is insured against golf ball sized hail. If so people in Texas will buy this in droves just for the durability. In not it will never sell in Texas. A two party system is a large part of this problem. One group validates itself by demonizing the only other player in town. It's toxic and it energizes the most self-serving of us. They want to get elected. So, in that regard they want the same thing. What you say to get elected is largely irrelevant, particularly if you can suggest the opposing party is more evil. The goal isn't to be a good candidate, qualified, or even ethical... its to get elected out of a contest of two people. Who ever uses the media most wins. It doesn't even have to be favorable news coverage or even make sense. Who ever appears on the screen the most or gets their name mentioned the most wins. Again, its only a contest out of two people and the general population is easily energized by emotions.