Yeah, most of the time when someone talks to me about gas mileage, they're interested in better mileage in order to save money or conserve gas, not to go further between fill-ups. So phrasing it as a 33% vs 18% savings hides that you actually save more gas, and so more money, going from 14 to 17 than 33 to 50. The last one is an issue, actually. The space invader one is the extreme case: it's already a shadow. And the border tricks for triangles are also shadow-resistant. In addition to portability for when you do need/want it, like others mentioned, just plain saving space. If I didn't still want to play the occasional game of Civ V with high graphics settings, I'd love to ditch the tower that sits next to my desk at home. Most web apps have a very low bar of good enough when it comes to language requirements. Especially when solid frameworks have already been written for alternative languages. Right now I'm doing Rails—Ruby isn't the absolute first language I'd choose, all things being equal, but it's good enough that I don't have a lot of motivation to use something else. (Previously, though, I was doing work on ancient Java servlets apps without any additional framework. That was frustrating enough to make me look for something else!) Facebook is already quite (but not perfectly—the big thing I've noticed is that the non-chat "messages" part of FB requires going into the FB app) well integrated into Windows Phone. And unless they have some truly groundbreaking interface ideas, I'd also rather see them continue to work more with MS on integrating into and pushing that platform, rather than introducing yet another one. Also, does RIM have particularly nice phones, hardware-wise, these days? Another reason I'd rather see them work with MS is that then anything particularly cool they bring to the software side could run on gorgeous Nokia hardware. From the link in that paragraph to the Facebook App Center page, it sounds to me like they're referring to the Facebook platform itself as an OS. Which I suppose is fair in a way, with all the services it offers, but it's hardly a mobile phone OS in its current state. When were they not cool? As a teen in the late 90s, everyone I knew had a discman. (Mine was bright orange, and got plenty of comments on how cool it looked. :) ) If it works well enough, of course it will be cool. Once everyone has one to get shit done with, "cool" will be one of the biggest differentiators to determine which one to get. If it doesn't work well enough, then it will be the new Newton—and even then, here we are 20 years later, and tablets are cool. I took my math and CS notes in LaTeX because I hated writing and wanted everything together in files that I had source control on, but I definitely didn't find it faster to type in the equations than write them out by hand, even with a fair bit of practice at Emacs keyboard shortcuts for common stuff. The Subscribe by Email floater is what drove me batty, on a laptop. Stuff floating to the left not apparently docked to anything should move when I scroll! Edit: it's a good list, though. Content > presentation, when it comes to actual reading material. That's the sort of thing that would make me strongly consider ending the interview, at least if I was going to be working directly for the interviewer. No need to waste more of their or my time than necessary, and I really wouldn't like working in that kind of insulting environment. And from a probably-immature perspective, the feel of power from being the guy saying "sorry, I'm not interested anymore" instead of hoping they call you back is nice. Or, if I was really annoyed: bust out some Common Lisp for the next problem, then leave. "He's holding it wrong." I don't have particularly large hands, yet have no issue with 4.3" screens. I wouldn't go back to anything smaller—the larger text (or ability to fit more text/contents of the same physical size) is worth the occasional thumb stretching (not that I have a lot of reason to ever reach to one of the top corners on my screen, anyway). That's certainly true as far as perceived size goes, but I don't find it practical at all. There's a big usability difference between, say, reading while holding my phone at arm's length while resting my arm on a table and having to hold a smaller phone closer to my face to get the perceived font size to be the same. Holding stuff closer to your face just isn't as pleasant. As far as power-users go, how far back does that really go? My exposure started with Windows 2000. It was fantastic. It made me ditch Mac OS 8.x full-time instead of just maintaining a 9x box for games. XP wasn't horrible either. Sure, after that things stagnated for a long time—and that led me to dally again with Macs and eventually switch back to OS X for my main machine—but after the initial kinks were worked out Vista and 7 added some much-needed things (especially 7, UI-wise). But I agree that the "death of Microsoft" stuff is tiring. Personally, I'm pretty excited to see how this goes, since I like what MS is doing to bring touch-centered concepts to the desktop, and really don't like the direction Apple is going with Lion/Mountain Lion. I just wonder if MS will iterate quickly enough—Apple's release cycles may put a lot of pressure on them to get an "8.1" out the door very quickly with the kinks worked out. Well, I don't think ME and Vista fit anything like the same pattern. Vista was an extremely messy release but nevertheless brought several big underlying improvements. ME didn't. It wasn't a "tick" at all. Trying to fit it and Vista into the same pattern is getting too pattern-happy. And even in the consumer space, how long do you have to go back before ME to find a dud? Windows 2? A visual environment for a text-based language can get you a long way. Intellisense makes learning a lot of things about a new language without any external documentation very practical. The earliest I had Google (or any) maps on my phone was 6 years ago. I don't see Samsung coming out and phrasing it like that in the linked article or in its linked Linux Foundation release. I think the "Constraints are Good" slide is massively oversimplified. Especially the "editors vs IDEs" and "primes vs zooms" bullets. Just for one example: stepping through an IDE's debugger, integrated into the code editor, to track down a problem is incredibly handy. It's a habit I picked up while living in Eclipse doing Java work, and why most of my Rails work is now in RubyMine instead of Emacs like it was when I was in school. And sure, if I had unlimited resources, and wasn't annoyed at all by having to carry around a bunch of primes, and could change lenses in an instant (or was carrying four different bodies too), I'd rather have a set of excellent primes than a zoom. Very much like how I'd love to be able to integrate (and possibly write myself) a bunch of services to perfectly fit my problem instead of using a framework. But it just isn't very practical for a lot of areas. And then the problem changes, and the purpose-built solution to be adapted... and then this happens a few more time and how perfectly have you maintained your original separations of concerns? I don't see the buttons on Chrome before scrolling on my 13" MBP, but since I'm stubbornly sticking to 10.6 I did get a nice big scrollbar to let me know to scroll down. :) Well, you shouldn't. So it's a good name! I don't think they're making the right case in that response. It should be focused solely on the "this should be allowed by Apple" argument, because telling users that it's not illegal doesn't matter when it's Apple's store and Apple's rules, for better or for worse. They say that the encryption around AirPlay streams appears to primarily be there to prevent third parties from creating applications that work with AirPlay—so it's easy to assume that Apple wouldn't approve of something they tried to prevent. Is releasing something you know will get kicked out the best approach to take when you can't provide an approved solution? Maybe, if you think the resulting discussion and PR is your best chance at getting things changed... but then, again, you need to keep your message perfectly focused. Claiming that they didn't violate any agreements feels too defensive to me. EDIT: and it's not just this response... initially they professed something much closer to ignorance/surprised innocence over the removal, while it now looks like there wasn't much reason for any surprise. Well, car manufacturers have certainly not been very aftermarket-friendly with their center stack over the past decade. It might actually be fairly similar after all: Want a custom stereo in your new car with a fancy center stack setup with a non-standard-size stereo and possibly even integrated AC/heater controls? You're going to have to jump through a lot of hoops. Want software with more functionality than Apple exposes to developers? There's always jailbreaking... In neither case has there been a substantial consumer backlash. Go look at a car from the 90s with a DIN or double-DIN stereo, then go look at one from the past five years, where the prevalence of nonstandard sized stereos has gone way up, as has the complexity of how tightly coupled they are to the rest of the car. Those are the hoops. I don't think the manufacturers are upset at all that one of the side effects of this trend has been to make aftermarket head unit installs a lot less convenient. And I don't know any manufacturer that will sell you someone else's head unit as an aftermarket piece. It's up to you to find out how to take everything apart and fit something else in there on your own, or to find someone who knows—basically, jailbreaking your dashboard. Except you generally lose stuff (like steering wheel controls), while I hear jailbreaking is pretty painless these days. Edit: Apple's app store isn't some third party stereo store, it's a store owned by the manufacturer itself. And car manufacturers are famous for having highly priced proprietary replacement parts, especially when it comes to electronics like stereos, if you aren't willing to deal with an outside store/brand. I really don't see any way Apple's less flexible with the iPhone than a car manufacturer is with their cars. For my first ten years of school, I was at a small private Christian school that taught science from a series of "Science for Christian Schools" books. The world was only thousands of years old, etc. It's not a strawman.