Dugg it, I think I saw you somewhere else a few weeks ago, metafilter? A stumble question for anybody who knows. I was getting a bunch of traffic from Stumble Upon and decided to throw up a digg button. Of course, it was late and I didn't test it properly, so it essentially broke my site and nobody stumbled it anymore. Once a site has been stumbled once, and not thumbed up, is there any way to get it going again? My site is www.hearwhere.com I commented on the blog, but really my comment probably belongs here. This is a great advertisement for SeedCamp, but I find it strange that SeedCamp/Y-Combinator/TechStars focus on people with ideas, pre-launch. Is there anything like this availble to first time bootstrappers who have just gone and gotten it done? Build/Launch/Revise - but it would be great to have access to these kinds of resources - lots of knowledge and a bit of money. Seems to me that once you've got a product out there, it's difficult to get small amounts of money to keep things going, and the publicity that YC etc. provide is unbeatable. Of course, it is an image to protect it from spammers, but how long until spammers use image recognition to get your e-mail? Thanks Maro, I had the map smaller originally, but the bigger map just seems more engaging. I do put markers on the map after you click on a result. I thought it would be useless to have a bunch of markers on the map first, as you aren't going to decide on a show based on the location, but it's good to see the location after. Thanks for the input. That's AWESOME feedback sawndrost. I'm not being lazy, but just haven't been getting that kind of feedback - tech meetups are not de rigueur in my hometown of Whistler BC. I'm not a huge fan of the look, and i've been tweaking and tweaking it. Even hired a designer, but we conflicted on a bunch of elements and this is what I ended up with. It's a shame the player isn't working. I haven't heard that yet, and that is the best part - listen so you can discover the artists. I specifically didn't want to populate the map with markers as it would just be full of markers, and you won't really decide to go to a show based on where it is, rather than who is playing, so I think the site would get just too busy with that. But I'll definately be working on everything else you mentioned. Kinda makes me wish I could take down this post for now and repost later. ;) didn't know I could do that. Completely new to working with the maps. I've made a few of the more minor changes you recommended (including the scrolling), and just uploaded it to the server, but I think the fonts/images, etc is going to take me some time. Probably won't get that sorted today. But you've really opened my eyes, shawndrost, I can't thank you enough. I'll be making lots of changes over the next few days I'm sure. I've been working on adding some social features beyond just sharing links on Facebook and Friendfeed - hopefully in the next few weeks. Hey Kp, date range is on the way, working out some bugs, but hopefully by the end of next week. There is a genre filter, but i need to pair it down, there are WAY too many options. Lots of other sites do the band search, not sure if I'll add that in, though you aren't the first to mention it. Lots of great UI ideas coming from this post. I'll be playing with LOTS of different ideas over the next little bit. I've noticed a few odd results creep in myself. I'll work on that. Thanks Yeah, this is the unfortunate effect of how the artists have entered there data into MySpace - not sure who I can fix that. When artists supply good data (which seems to be the majority), things work well. Google maps seems to default to the US when searching for locations, so I'm guessing that entering UK into a geo-search isn't a rarity for you.. is that right. I'll see if I can get some sort of filter that tries to pick the name with the greatest population or something. That makes much more sense. Have a good time at the show. The site works for Copenhagen 1081 shows listed. I assume you mean the geocoding couldn't find you? If it didn't find you on the first visit, i set a cookie for future visits so you don't have to type the address again. Hey JKent, At the moment this is an actual working interface for MySpace music. But I'll be adding more features in the near future which extend beyond that. utnick! I'm so disappointed the songs don't work for you. You're the second person to report that. I'm also on FF 3.0.1 & flash 9, but on XP - I'm probably going to make a big change so that this isn't an issue anymore, but it might take a week or so - hopefully not more. Hey Louisloius, Apprently your comment points to our opposing attitudes, as I commented on mixturtle that you had too much below the fold. ;) I don't think users should have to scroll to see content, particularly when there is a sub-scroll and a map. I think it would suck if you scolled down, selected an address, had to scroll back up to get to see the location, or the player(I originally had my player inline like you have on mixturtle, but wasn't a huge fan of it that way, preferring the consistent location for the control). Having said all that, your site looks way better than mine, so I definately take your critique seriously. I've already started piecing together a new layout, but with the additional features I have coming, it is only getting heavier. :( My original had the map seperate form the controls, and I may return to that. Thanks - hope all is going well with mixturtle. After the absolute DESTRUCTION i've taken over the design here - which is GREAT, i don't want design holding this back. I've updated the look - actually reverted to an old look with some of the input changes made from recommendations here. I hope this one is better recieved :) Still has some tweaking to be done, but a few simple changes give it a whole new look. Hope you like this one better. I'm going to have to do some playing with this Maro - you could be right about clicking meaning you go to another page. I'm not sure. I changed the layout yesterday to a smaller map. it definately cleans things up, that's for sure. I have no idea why my logo is pixelated, but thanks for pointing that out. Web-searches aren't getting me anywhere in resolving that yet. In photoshop I'm doing the 'save for web' at 72 dpi, so I thought that was supposed to take care of that. Any ideas? With the beating my site review took yesterday, I'll clearly be spending a ton of time in your design section, and I clearly need help in the marketing as well. Great resource. Your javascript scroll-up (I'm assuming that's what it is) isn't working on my XP/Firefox 3.0, so the page is littered with lings and huge. Assuming this is your site toddo... This is interesting. Twitter limited the length of its posts (i believe) due to limitations in SMS and Texting. What you have done is to put a limitation on users just as a product differentiator (I believe). This is actually more innovative than I believe you will probably be given credit for. Forcing people to be concise and get to the point, but now allowing for a new medium. Nice work I like the nice clean lines - above the fold anyway, then I think it gets confusing as you scroll down and the main articles move left, and what I think are less popular articles (thinner items) move into the center. Your eye doesn't go smoothly down the page. Also, as you probably know, most people won't customize the news sources, so maybe do that as an accordian or something like that. That would also make the 'people in the news' section move up the page nicely. It may also be more interesting if you could add images to the article listing. Good work, and good luck. I've been using hostip.info, but have had mixed results - it's free. I suspect i'll be moving to a paid service in the future. What do you mean by 'custom'? Have you looked at the open Alexa, Yahoo BOSS, or other search engines that allow you to interact with them programatically? Hey mstefff, you've clearly done a good ob with the PR so far, getting yourself on Lifehacker and Webware - any tips on how you managed that? I've also always been curious as to what % increase sites see as a result of getting on Lifehacker, and how much of that traffic remains visitors a month later. My initial reaction to your site (this time around, I couldn't really make much sense of it before) is that it likely just isn't sticky enough. Though I agree that the 'communities' are way over done, you've included a sign-up to customize option, so you are gathering user details. Your site has the opportunity to serve users who have signed up, and those who have not. You don't have to be a social network to be a community, but I think you should be leveraging the 'community' that you have. For instance - when I come to your site now, it offers me the opportunity to sign-up, or to click on one of the above icons. Wouldn't your site be stickier if when I first come to the site it tells me what you suspect I am looking for? I'm not much of an investor, but your users should be, therefore I should be able to come to your site and be shown a few things that the community is currently finding interesting. Everybody benefits from that kind of stuff- new users and return visitors. As I see it now, i can get quotes and news from a number of sites. But if you were to aggregate into a popularity list somehow (it can be done!), or recent activity, etc. that might bring people back to your site more often. Doesn't have to be a social network, but even the news sites show you stuff they think you'd be interested in right off the bat. Right now I go to your site and i have to decide what I want to look at. You're probably loosing people right there. Hey Okeumeni, How many 'vertical' search sites is intelliverb going to be launching? Maybe it would be better to provide HN with a list of all the sites, rather than an individual post showing off another one of your sites every day. Particularly as the sites are all the same with the exception of the logo and each serving a different vertical market. I posted a 'rate my start-up' for HearWhere.com a few weeks ago. The feedback I got was brutal, but awesome! I've made some minor changes as a result, and have been working on a major release. Of course I saw a small increase in traffic as a result of the post, which dropped off quickly, within a few days. I'm not a lawyer, but had to do a bunch of legal research regarding this topic for some of my sites. I think what most of the responses so far are missing is the importance of accrediting the content to the content owner (likely the site, not the contributing users), and providing a link to the source. Check out this pdf http://www.law.berkeley.edu/journals/btlj/articles/vol16/sab... ">Sableman's authorized linking and search on Google v. Perfect 10. You haven't really given much to go on with respect to what you are scraping, and what you plan to do with it. But I think a bunch of common sense and ensuring that your site in no way harms the original source's site (defamation, etc), are the most important things to consider. Hope this helps.