It's also an interactive proof, nobody can store this proof with the balls for other colour blind people to review later. You should be able to use LLVMs libc++ with GCC, just like you can currently use GNU libstdc++ with Clang. I work this out to be about 180 Mhash/J, which is 80-100x more energy efficient than any GPU mining. Also, for anyone wondering: At current difficulty and rate of exchange this will cost you Building any alternative data structure from an unsorted array will require O(n) time. If you only need to find something once, then a O(n) linear scan time is optimal. Would re-introducing a half-penny coin increase the money supply? No. Basically, as long as you maintain proportionality, you can re-denominate currency (or shares for that matter) at will. But what about a fair distribution of toppings? You're describing SRP. The problem, as always, is getting web browsers and web apps to support it. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Remote_Password_protoco... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TLS-SRP What!? No demoscene music in my ? I don't see that being a problem, provided everything he wrote is simply a matter of fact. Perhaps I'm an optimist. I find it interesting that Opera are trying to claw back revenue on old innovations while seemingly stagnating. The rendering engine they're dumping in favour of WebKit is fast and slick. The number of new user visible features and the rate of releases has seemed sluggish to me for what must be 4 or 5 years. Doesn't sharing a virtual memory context with the GPU increase the cost of context switching? Also, which CPU core shares context with the GPU? Or are we talking about a fixed mapping (like the kernel)? Aberdeen is an independent city council http://www.aberdeencity.gov.uk http://www.aberdeenshire.gov.uk/ Those of us in the UK who voted for AV+ because we saw it as a step toward proportional representation thought that too. Then the notion that it was a half-baked solution was used as a weapon by the "No" campaign, and now voting reform is off the table entirely for the foreseeable future. Your numbers assume TCP will always be the dominant connection-oriented protocol. Explicit numeric types. Integers in particular. NaCL still outperforms asm.js You're basically describing Piqi: http://piqi.org/ Some language features do preclude some optimizations. For example, once you have dynamic typing you'll typically need a butt load of engineering effort to generate the fastest possible numerical computation. Now that people seem to want to do everything from crypto to image processing in Javascript, projects like JägerMonkey, v8 (method JITs) and asm.js have cropped up that show this is still an unsolved problem in many respects. One could easily make the case that Javascript is, in fact, becoming less and less suitable for the web. Is the eSRAM really that expensive in $ terms? Yield issues? I understood that SRAM was only really 'expensive' in that it chews up masses of die space (which isn't a bad bet going forward because there'll inevitably be a new version at some point with a smaller process) Maybe they want to own it so they can get exclusive control over the ads. The platform really allows many of the kinds of ad revenues Youtube can generate, so could be a sweet deal for both content owners and Yahoo. Namecheap did $1 transfers for Black Friday, which is as good as a renewal if you're already with someone else. Exploiting these offers can save you big if you're like me and have dozens of domains. That said, I wouldn't transfer my most important domains away from NearlyFreeSpeech.net to save a lowsy $6-7. One of my favourite modern regex libraries for C++ is Boost.Xpressive, which allows for parsing context-free grammars using recursively nested rules. After fighting with Boost.Spirit (a more formal parser framework) for some time, I achieved what I wanted with Xpressive in a fraction of the time. From the manual: The theoretical computer scientists out there will correctly point out that a self-referential regular expression is not "regular", so in the strict sense, xpressive isn't really a regular expression engine at all. But as Larry Wall once said, "the term [regular expression] has grown with the capabilities of our pattern matching engines, so I'm not going to try to fight linguistic necessity here." The GNU C++ standard library still includes them as a non-standard extension. http://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/libstdc++/latest-doxygen/a0006...