I'd be interested to see if anyone has any more information on this. I did a couple of google searches but didn't get anything other than the article itself and some unrelated guff (though this may be due to my inability to construct a suitable search string). True, but it's easy to forget that many people don't use compiler\architecture-specific extensions or pragmas (and probably don't even need to). I think the article provides a gentle nudge into the "think about what exactly you are telling the compiler" mindset for such people. Heh, I do like the "You can easily beat...." followed imediately by "It just takes time, effort..." - but you're absolutely right. I'm not sure that was his point though, coaxing the compiler into issuing better code by providing few hints doesn't necessarily require too much time or effort. Here in the UK they're often used as public lavatories, whether the phone is working or not Should I be concerned that I've never encountered these Hoare Triples before in my life? Even if Apple almost "acquired" you (I don't really get that impression), I'd say that penning a blog entry complaining about it is not the most productive thing to do (and might even cause investors in the future to think twice about getting involved with you). Or "then", as in "My spelling is worse then a child's" I'm 100% with Tim here, I've never felt the need to memorise the order of precendence for operators - as long as I've got my parens I'm happy. Luckily I seem to work with others who feel the same way. If we did have someone insistent on pushing the boundaries of readability I'd spend about a minute looking up the precedence rules then another few weeks framing the perpetrator for some real-life infraction as a form of punishment (depending on the particulars this could range from petty theft all the way through to light to medium treason) I dislike the tone of both this and "Where Does A Tree Get It's Mass" ( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1480118 ). They both have a rather smug, superior air about them that I find really irritating. OK we get it, kids often struggle a bit in science classes and occasionally fumble for answers. This is nothing new as I imagine we have all done it at various points, and chiding students in blog entries doesn't help anyone. See I read the article as saying that the students are at fault for being all to ready to throw answers at the teacher which they didn't understand. Whereas I'd say that the students are simply a product of their environment, one (created by the teacher or a previous teacher, or a physics dept as a whole) where emphasis has shifted from understanding a subject into hitting enough keywords in your answer to get a passing grade - even if it turns out that the actual question might be a bit silly. For some reason most of the guys I want to uni with (Heriot-Watt) had "alias l=ls" in their .config. I've not seen this with guys I know who were at other unis or with anyone I currently work with. I know it clearly wasn't pioneered at HW (very little outside the area of brewing and distilling is), but I wonder why it had such a high penetration there. Perhaps we were all equally lazy, or a teaching assistant suggested it 1st year and it stuck? Thought I'd take the test for funsies (I am Scottish), but there's a couple of questions where there's no difference in the choices when I say them: How do you say the first A in PASTA? "Same A as in MAT or CAT" "Same A as in FATHER" How do you say the "oo" in ROOF? "Like the "oo" in FOOT" "Like the "oo" in FOOD" I ended up with "Northeast New England" accent Ha, I really like this guy. I started reading another one of his blog entries (a description of how compilers often optimise a divide by a constant where, instead of issuing an expensive divide, it multiplies by a "magic" number and then right shifts the result). After hitting lots of complex (for me anyway) mathematical proofs, my brain tuned out slightly until I saw "Did you skip ahead? It's OK. Here's the summary" I like to think he deliberately did that for hungover-yet-still-interested devs like myself. Is that 0.25 cents (as written) or 25 cents ? Before you can sit down and use VC++ you need to have already shelled out money for a windows license. Was C really obscure before Linus Torvalds released\popularised linux? I'm fairly young so I have no knowledge of this, but it feels wrong. edit: just noticed a discussion about this exists already. That'll teach me to read all the comments in future :) I'm with you, I just started for a finance-y company and was rather shocked to see various non-developer\IT people tabbing over to MS SQL Management Studio every few minutes, running queries and updating tables! Private Eye also refer to outsourcing firm Capita as "Crapita", which is less funny but still makes me chuckle each time I see it You can give up banking? > By not exercising your mind regularly with trivial problems (such as indices in `for` loops), you tend to be less awake, if not a bit dumber. There's plenty of things to discuss in high vs low level languages, but...laziness due to abstracting loop indexes out of the equation? Really? Rob Beschizza points out that "speeding up Sigur Ros," however "does not result in Biebage": http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N6YC0zy1IYY&feature=playe... I sat throught he pain of configuring\testing boost on a set (non GNU\GCC) dev tools for embedded platform and the build times were painfully slow - around 15 minutes was common even for reasonable sized tests. A fresh build of the boost libraries themselves - hours. This was cross-compiled. We had just implemented the full (as opposed to abridged) C++ libraries so obviously we decided to make sure that our customers could use them fully, however given that this was new support there was a distinct lack of test cases. Someone suggested that Boost exercised this functionality pretty well (some customers previously complained that they had been prevented from using boost before due to our only supporting the abridged libraries so this was actually a good idea), someone decided that I should be in charge of this. What it amounted to was debugging horrible compiler crashes, broken library behaviour and spending a long time deciphering huge template names. This caused me to hate C++ more than you can ever imagine. I swear whoever decided to stitch templates together in the way Boost does has never had to debug a development compiler, this broke almost every part of the toolchain. Ugh. I'm strangely disappointed - I have no idea who the guy is (hoped it was an F1 legend or something), and he was apparently our noses the whole time (appearing in a number of episodes)! Weird that he would out himself though, Das Telefonbuch have a system where you can look up someone's name in a town, and list their address and provide links to view satellite images of the street: http://www.dastelefonbuch.de/ If Germans were really more conscious of privacy then I suspect they'd be worried about this, but as previous posters have said it's more down to misinformation and exaggeration.