Read about Hershey and Edison :) Taking a break is a really good idea. Not a long one, but something that makes you clear your head, focus on your body and your health, and starting missing creating cool stuff. If your mind's constantly occupied with day-to-day concerns, you can be overwhelmed and it's hard to regain focus. If you can afford it, change your scenery a bit and go hiking or get away to a beach for a week, 'til you get bored of it. What is your goal in making a startup? If you can get a continual sense of reward from accomplishing these things, that'll keep you going :) I wrote a framework and I am still using it, because it's more flexible and easier for me to extend than the other ones. That said, I think it was a waste of time from a business perspective. When you want to build a project, take something open source, rock-solid with a community behind it. You can focus on building your project and not fixing bugs in the underlying layer. Before writing my framework, I had written another one and learned a lot. The second time around, I've made something really powerful and cool, and it really helps me. But it's still not as thoroughly unit-tested and consistent as the ones built by a community. I'm just one guy. By the way, in cae you want to see it: http://code.google.com/p/pal-framework/ :) It's open source. Well I don't know but to be honest I would have demoed something I hacked for http://youmixer.com , the site I'm currently working on, rather than staying up and making http://want2know.org completely from scratch :) I think Amazon Turk could be better used for beta testing and early testing of word-of-mouth. First, ask some people to register on your site and then track what they do. Then, have them fill out a feedback form and tell you what they would have you improve. One iteration would cost you around $20. And if you do it once every 2 weeks or so, you can keep in touch with what your users actually want. Thanks for the feedback, but are you looking at the right framework? I am hard pressed to imagine how you could encounter either 1) or 2) in it, let alone both in a single file. As for your question, PIE is designed to let you write any adapters you want. For example it currently supports only MySQL, but you are free to add support for e.g. Postgres, SQLite or even NoSQL databases. I'm just a bit surprised by your comments because they describe the exact opposite of how most of PIE is designed, and the philosophy behind it. Although I take your point with mixed variable naming. There is lots of room for standardizing the internal codebase more than it is. Yeah, that's a good point. The site doesn't really sell the framework. Until now I haven't really devoted a lot of time to evangelizing it or anything. Beyond open sourcing it, I didn't really put in the time to grow a community around it. What I wrote here is more of an early notice to the hackers out there who are interested in developing kick-ass applications in PHP. If you ask me -- and I've gone through a lot of frameworks -- this is definitely designed to help you achieve that with a minimum of fuss and a lot of power. I finished the documentation, but the sales job needs a lot more work. If anyone wants to contribute their time and energy to helping me grow this open source project, I'd much appreciate it. You would definitely have a huge role in the framework community if you did that. At the moment, though, I am more focused on my startup, and bringing developers on board to help with it. The documentation is there to help get them up to speed. I think you mean "extract", not "explode". And no, it's not icky. It's a very nice construct by PHP, to avoid having to write: array ('foo' => $foo, 'bar' => $bar, ...) and just write compact('foo', 'bar') what's wrong with that? :) About the event system: Thanks man, I put a lot of effort into it. It's way faster than the drupal system, and also more extensible. Yeah I should put something there. I haven't thought of a single killer reason, except "it's faster, more powerful, takes advantage of PHP's unique strengths and encourages clean web programming" Thanks, that's something I should fix. I don't think I'm using Javascript for anything other than the tabs + ajax. I'll convert them to regular anchors as a fallback. Right ... but I thought he said there were methods with > 600 lines of code, and files with multiple classes/interfaces all over the place. That's why I took issue with it. But yeah, the Pie class has all the core functions. The question is, how do you spell NoSQL? :) er s/spell/say That really depends on where you are and if you can offer specialized value to the company. Here in NYC I can comfortably charge my clients $80/hour ... but I do more than just PHP development. Wow, this is pretty awesome. What would people use it for, though? Now if only we had math notation in all the browsers! Well, there's always http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Off-the-Record_Messaging which gives "perfect" forward secrecy Fixed, thanks. I've been following this project for a while - these guys are from my school :) Very awesome to see a bunch of undergrad guys come up with this project. I'm still amazed at the PR they got at the time. I'm also kind of working on my own thing ... http://myownstream.com If you set out to make a private social network, though, it's not that easy. Now, instead of trusting facebook, you'll have to trust ALL of your friends' hosting providers. For example, with diaspora, someone at mediatemple can in principle peek at the contact details you have synced with any of your friends. How is that any more secure? What this is, is decentralized. Which is still really cool! Their app is running on someone's hosted server. You can of course have complete security BETWEEN servers (as these guys say "PGP for you privacy nerds") but ... you still have to trust everyone's hosting company. A single hosting company hosting 1000 diaspora accounts can compromise details of 127,000 accounts, if each diaspora user has 127 friends on average. As far as setting up social networks on a server, there are plenty of those ... dolphin, elgg ... and they are quite good. If you want it to be decentralized nodes, you are stuck trusting everyone's hosting providers to not peek at the data you are sharing. Which imho is worse than trusting only facebook in terms of privacy. On the other hand in terms of everything else, decentralization is a huge WIN! Such as scaling and uptime. maybe they're streams that's what I felt as well ... diaspora usually happens when a people are kicked out of their land to roam the earth among other people. Not very positive as far as connotations go. But hey, let's see what they come up with. I'm working on that ;-) Man, applying to YC has got me addicted to this news site a bit :) Before, I used to dismiss it because I thought it flew by too fast. I remember passing by it a few times in the last couple years. If there was only an indicator of something psychologically reassuring for someone like me, I would have bookmarked it. This is the stuff I understand. Technology, web design, psychology of people online, etc. I notice that when I design a business plan, I think in terms of actual use cases from each participant, and why they would do each step. And if there's a missing piece somewhere then that's a red flag. I ask how it would spread virally, or how it would make enough money to spend on user acquisition. This is how I approach business, using what I know. But there's other stuff out there, SEO, guerilla marketing, PR, etc. and I completely avoid it in my designs because I don't know too much about it. That's why it's good to have a partner who can be involved with talking to PR people and marketing agencies and architecting real-world campaigns when the time is right. Whenever there was a problem, I tried to solve it myself using the tools that I know. All my business plans have been of this nature -- sites that are viral by design and get people to spend money by design. Not that it can't work spectacularly, but it's a one-sided, internet-centric approach. Okay first of all, I'm glad that a bunch of undergrads from my school were able to raise $200k, get a lot of press, and build something. This alone should get a community of people around the project fixing bugs, etc. I've always been saying that making a distributed social network is much easier than "solving" privacy and security for such a thing. First of all, try even defining what it means to privately share things with people on the internet. Then, realize that most solutions (such as diaspora) will actually EXACERBATE the privacy problem, by making you trust the hosting services of all your friends instead of just facebook. That said, after diaspora was announced it made me think about whether it's possible to ensure privacy in principle. Meaning, is it possible to only trust YOUR hosting company and friends, and cut out every other middleman from being able to snoop your data? I came up with something which I think would be very useful, and I actually submitted a provisional patent for the technology, which basically enables distributed AND private social networking using just today's web browsers. If you want to check it out or get involved, see http://myownstream.com . This is an open-source offshoot of a social network I'm building, which I hope to release next year. You can see the roadmap there, but so far it's been going really well :) how do you make that link clickable? I think they were talking about http://wordoid.com and http://domize.com