Does a FedEx package transfer to the other country's Post Office? My experience is that a package sent by FedEx arrives with FedEx. Standard Post would be the equivalent to SMS in that it's everywhere, and private companies would be the other apps, right? Then the equivalent to your identifiable address would be your phone number. Except if you want something more anonymous, which is then more complicated. Just the same with the Post example... Genuinely interested: can you elaborate on what metadata the matrix servers have access to? Say, don't they know who I am writing to, when and which groups I belong to? Signal does not, and that's guaranteed by the client code (i.e. no need to trust anything on the server for that). I am pretty sure it's harder than you think, while keeping Signal's UX and privacy level: https://signal.org/blog/secure-value-recovery How does it compare in terms of privacy? I mean Signal's private contact discovery, private groups, private profiles, sealed sender, etc? To be fair, you can build it from sources, and I'm pretty sure they provide an apk (they used to, at least). Two words: threat model. Because a private company can do something does not mean it should be allowed to do it, does it? It's already bad enough with Starlink, but surely it's only a matter of time before other companies and governments want to compete. Which makes me wonder if governments should not just agree on forbidding it entirely. Can you elaborate on that? Maybe you do, yes. And maybe you're happy with an alternative with usernames where the server keeps the list of your contacts. Or maybe you are not, and you will want an alternative where you need to rebuild your contacts list every time you install the app. But some people are happy messaging people based on the phone number, because everything else is too cumbersome. Different people have different threat models, and one chooses the best UX for their threat model. For millions of people (maybe not you), apparently it is Signal. I don't get it. So with Nix, every package I install will possibly come with its own dependency tree, completely independent from other packages. So instead of relying on distro maintainers who, say, check one version of OpenSSL, I'll be relying on the devs of each package. I doubt they will do the work, so either they will never update their deps, or update without checking them. It feels like Nix is like npm for my system, and distributes the trust I put in maintainers between all the devs of all the dependencies. That's not what I want... What am I missing? My opinion is that it is difficult to enjoy music we don't understand. I realise one does not have to love everything about a whole style of music, but not having a clue why this whole style may be enjoyable sounds like maybe you haven't been much exposed to it. So here is one (genuinely interested) question: how much do you know about jazz? I don't get the trap problem here. So I start with A, compute -B as A dot A, then continue my way until I decide to stop at E. So I had to compute the whole path, right? Now you give me A and E, why can't I just compute the path from A until I hit E? That looks like the same effort, so what did I miss? Oh that's actually the point of the exponentiation trick: I choose the private key first and then compute the path from it. Got it, sorry xD Where does a system like https://picterra.ch/ lie? They seem to provide a way to tune algorithms for your images. Are those "algorithms nobody want", or is that helping niche use-cases (by allowing customisation)? Disclaimer: never actually used their system, just saw presentations about it, which show how one can train an algorithm to count... stuff. For one, most people now spend most of their time in their browser or in a hidden browser (ahem, Electron?). So unless you want something specific (video games, a Windows desktop app, ...), I think they just both work. I'm guessing even Linux on a mac is probably okay (since so many people have the exact same hardware as you...) To me, TODOs are the equivalent to keeping thousands of tasks in a growing backlog. It just adds noise for stuff that probably won't be addressed ever. And if it is addressed, chances are that it will be from a new task. Just forget it! If it's important, it will come back on its own. I just don't write TODOs in my code, as I have never seen a useful TODO in a codebase... The worst being "TODO: improve this". Sounds like a way to say "I wrote shitty code, I know it, please merge it anyway", which is completely useless IMO. This. "We developers mostly read code, so let's optimise the writing part by writing bad code that will be slower to read." Am I the only seeing a problem here? I was recently looking into CoffeeCatch for Android. Are you saying that I'm losing my time? :-) One country unilaterally decides that it is fine to pollute the sky for everyone else in the name of profit. One company decides to produce more and more without giving a damn about their ecological impact, in the name of profit. Hardly sounds like a revolution to me. My problem with that argument is that the business requirement is based on what we can convince the user to buy. Users won't pay more for a better product if they don't understand it's better. And one may say that "if they don't make the difference, then the bad products are fine after all", but I think that's shortsighted. By continuously favouring the worse but cheaper design, it has brought the industry where it is today: "better write bullshit that ships now than a good product that users won't buy anyway, because they bought the bullshit from the competitor already". Misunderstanding. The Mozilla VPN is Mullvad (rebranded). Oh right, the US built GPS, one of the few GNSS systems out there! Yeah my bad, then private US companies should be allowed to pollute space, it's not the problem of the rest of the world! > One company will have accelerated our escape from extinction You mean by sending a few chosen people in space? Or do you believe that connecting smart devices to satellites will somehow solve the climate crisis? xD > it'd be as crowded as ad and social network What's your definition of crowded? I don't feel like there are thousands of successful social networks or ad companies out there... But I get your point: SpaceX is a nonprofit with the purpose of solving the climate crisis by launching as many rockets as they can to fill the sky with satellites. No profit planned, no investors, nothing. My mistake. > No non-profit will ever solve anything at this magnitude, by definition. So when I say they make that for profit, you disagree, and when I say (sarcastically) that they don't want to make profit, you say the opposite again? Choose your camp. Mine is that SpaceX exists because it is profitable. Then one thing that would be worth considering is that technology is the problem today. You seem to consider that cars made the world a better place, that's your opinion. But it would be hard to argue that the current climate crisis is not caused by technology. You're just blindly hoping that more of it will magically solve the problem which is: technology is destroying life on Earth. Because we can do something cool (nobody denies that SpaceX is cool) doesn't mean we should do it. > Earth will be destroyed even with no humans on it. In the long run, technology is the only tool for survival of life. I guess that's where we disagree. I don't care if life goes extinct in twenty thousands years. And I don't want to survive on Mars, looking back at how we destroyed most living beings there. I don't say that technology is bad in itself. Consumerism is.