Actually it's very similar to StrikeDisplay (posted a while back, but I don't think anyone saw it): http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1816482 http://strikedisplay.blogspot.com SD tries to handle things like child objects dispatching events up the display chain and implementing an AS3-style pseudolanguage... Amen! "We have like a, uh, screenshot prototype. We don't have a uh, per se, working prototype." Naval should have stopped them right there and said, "so, did you guys just meet on a bus stop and come up with this?" Sorry, I just had to go back to that part where two really truly retarded things are said back to back: "We started to iterate the product..." Translation: We smoked some weed and someone was like, "Dude, IPHONE APP!" "How scalable do you think our idea is, do you think it's a good idea?" Not sure where to start but, Dude, is "Scalable" like the new "dope"? "sick"? "rad"? "dudical?" "mega"? Javascript fail. Crashes Firefox 3.6.16. Screenshot: http://tinyurl.com/627mftb ...just curious, how did you implement this over a regular phone line? Nice. I've been thinking about moving some domains out of there all week, since I got a creepy phone call from one of their reps telling me one was expiring next month. Thanks, as if I didn't already get the four million emails and the twelve trees you chopped down reminding me of this. cool. wish it worked with 10.5.8. Very true. I've used an Air as my only development and design machine for 2 years now; I love it; the thing has only 2Gb of RAM and it's still blazing fast for most everything. This is completely due to the SSD, which wasn't standard when I bought it, but seemed worth splurging for. I sleep better at night with less moving parts. When I sleep. Which I don't. Anyone can be a mentor or investor in some walk of life. Anyone can be a founder, creator or student in another. Anyone can mod their own, or someone else's news list. A tool without restrictions, operating on a finite set of rules. You decide whether it evolves to be used for good or evil. YC is great, but it's essentially closed to other investors and, while the program is merit-based, it's a closed selection process. HN is nice because there's a meritocracy at work; the concept is to allow that type of meritocracy to force both investors and entrepreneurs to have to work for one another's attention. The site is just a conduit for BPs or proposals from the most motivated idea-people to get into the hands of the most motivated action-people in any area. And every area can be broken into two parties with a mutual interest in industry news, who need to sift through each other to find the best people on the opposite team to work with. So; this is just an engine based on that concept, with up/down votes serving as an objective determinant every month. Right. You fill in your proposal, which is kept hidden. If you're in the top 10-rated "grasshoppers" in a subcom, at the end of the month, your proposal gets packaged into a nice email that goes out to just the top 5-rated "sensei" or experts. Thanks. I pro'lly gotta work on that. I get a little carried away once I start CSS'ing. I have, and there are a few investors who are waiting to see what happens here. Myself included. It's got to be an organic process; hopefully some people with great ideas will start posting and sharing their concepts, and it will snowball. Although I should stress I don't see this as a primarily IT-oriented site, it could become anything, or go in any direction, depending on who gets involved. In a lot of ways it's an experimental, theoretical model. I have no idea if it will really work, but I can imagine a lot of interesting proposals being collected that would be interesting opportunities for investors, who in turn will have to work to get their ratings up, in order to see those proposals. Okay. CSS and color scheme need to be improved. Definitely need to think of how to explain the message more clearly. Nicer graphics, easier-to-read fonts. Check. What does everyone think of the idea of a user-controlled, up-ranking newsgroup where the highest rated investors receive the proposals from the highest rated entrepreneurs? I know the site isn't beautiful. It's a concept. I just wanted to get the bare bones framework in place and launch it... Of course I want it to be pretty, but I'm more concerned about whether the idea can hold water. I spent a week on it because that's how long it took to write the code; the "graphics" took about an hour. I want to test the function before I spend time beautifying. I want to know if this idealistic model actually pans out and rewards the investors who take the time to rank on it. Specifically, at the end of the month, I want to see the quality of the proposals that go to investors and whether we get any interesting startups funded out of it. Hopefully in green tech, non-profits/NGOs, etc, as that's where I'd really like to see this go. Yeah, it looks great. Thank you for taking the time and interest to do something like that. I emailed you, but in case it hit your spam (probably), it's from info@opencombinator.com Just a quickie note. I'm a designer. You wouldn't know it from the site I posted here last week, but then that was about code, not design, and CSS ain't my thing. Most of my design work is in print, especially food packaging, brochures, ads; but I've also done art for the sides of buildings 120ft wide. If you've ever bought sushi at a market in the US you've seen my work :\ Anyway, you really get what you pay for with design, and few people who pay for it are actually willing to recognize that. 99designs is great if you're a tight-fisted carwash owner in Dallas or something. And it might be fine if you're just looking for a stupid logo for a template site. Beyond that, you need people who are actually trained to do this stuff. Basically what's missing in the wide-open "I have Illustrator too" market isn't communication; it's coherence. You hire one guy to do a logo, a girl to handle a header, someone else to do some ads. Or you hire one person but pay them per hour to do each of those things, rather than giving them 10 hours pay up front to come up with a master vision that will tie the mess together. Any designer who says, "logo, no prob" without noticing that you have no well-laid-out color palette, no consistency in your typography, should be fired before (s)he's hired. They should refuse to do work for you before you figure out what you want. That's how you know you're dealing with someone who knows what they're doing. I think the concept of pooling a designer is great, if the designer is great; and not great if you end up with a lousy designer. You're still gonna pay hourly. If you're paying under $35/hr., you're getting someone who's unemployed, probably for a reason. If you pay between that and $100/hr., you're probably going to get someone who isn't really capable of art direction. And if your pool isn't capable of that, then you're going to get poor results. Yes it's vital to security, but it's one of two components here that should be separated. The encryption itself is crucial to a lot of applications now that simply can't be spoofed. That wasn't really true 20 years ago. But now, just to achieve most kinds of load balancing you need a wildcard cert, and while there's obviously no reason that should cost 10x a single subdomain cert, there's also no obvious reason that the verification itself should be tied to the encryption. Encryption is good, in and of itself, with or without verification for most security purposes. MitM attacks can happen just as easily if someone fails to notice that there's no little padlock in their URL bar. It's a separate issue, and one shouldn't have to pay a corrupt mafia for access to browsers' encryption capabilities if all you're looking for to secure your users. Don't forget too that most browsers will poll the user whether to accept a self-signed cert for the page the user's trying to load, but will simply fail when a service in that page tries to pull data over SSL from a domain with a self-signed cert. Flash, JS, etc. I've been experimenting recently with spreading out databases geographically and letting clients (and to a lesser extent, DNS) do the bulk of the load balancing on data-intensive projects. I've gotten some great results. But right now, users would have to pre-visit a page at each data site and approve it in the browser. Or I could get a massively expensive wildcard cert and then make A-records for each of those sites, but I'd rather just access them straight through their IP addresses for speed. The whole thing just irks me. All I want to do is make sure this line is encrypted between the end user and their ISP. That should be mandatory these days; but instead I have to pay for a cert on every single DB server?! Why can't encryption still be useful if you (not your browser, you personally) trust what's in your URL bar? I think you're talking more about someone hijacking a nameserver in that case. The vast majority of MitM attacks are on open networks between the client and the ISP, are they not? so... how about browsers warn when they're pulling a an address off a DNS they've never heard of, and that isn't listed and isn't verified? Wouldn't that be a much saner way of dealing with the problem? Bitcoin just misses the point. The problem with e-cash viz. keeping it free of gov't interference isn't actually with the transmission from one party to another of the e-currency. I can open a server in Greenland that tracks currency transactions in Uruguay for dope, and vice-versa, in my own encrypted and secure currency. The problem is how does anyone change in my funny money for a currency that they can actually spend somewhere. And Bitcoin doesn't solve that problem; it just complicates it. Btc leaves it up to the coin holder to figure out how to actually extract value from the bits, and assumes a market will develop. But how will a market develop when the inputs and outputs are all regulated by the same gov'ts that BC wants to do an end-run around? At a glance -- and it was a glance 'cause I barely go on YouTube and I refuse to get on FB -- I love it as a conceptual data structure. Firstly, tying two APIs together with a smart client is a freaking great idea, although if this were a for-profit project, you should probably worry about either one locking you out, and how long it would take to notice oddities and rewrite if one or the other changes its API overnight. In a broader way though, I'm really interested in the idea of using client-side processing for infinite scalability. Even/especially in secure apps, where no hacker's gone before. There's no reason a secure P2P protocol can't be developed in JS that lets an application layer ride between peers, having minimal interaction with any central servers. This gets into telephone poker problems and all that. But it's solvable. The first person to solve it will end up with the largest server farm on the planet... seems worth it to me... Flash would be a good basis for the kind of thing I'm thinking of. Adobe's already solved a lot of the sandbox issues that would arise, and the language runs faster than JS. In theory, you get each flash player to open 4 or 5 netconnections to other players, get a running pool propagating and distribute the connection list so no one central server is taking the strain of hooking up the peers, you can have filesharing or even distributed processing in the browser. Processing is more interesting to me because it hasn't really been cracked yet. The security overhead to date has been too high. But that, or a java program, or even something written in Unity, could do some amazing stuff with virtually no back-end overhead. Keep the good work going. I'm interested to see how this will evolve. Ain't really brilliant. And they used the same 'doodle' method before. What would be nice is if they used the HTML5/canvas methods they've been hyping so hard. Unfortunately, animating this with that would take at least a QC Xeon. What would be really, really awesome would be if they did it with Flash. Then it would work on droid, and iOS users would all go 'wtf?'