I'm not quite sure why there's this hard line drawn. Surely Android, for example, falls somewhere in between, with sandboxed apps and all the rest, but not quite the same draconian closed-ness? Hasn't the DoD worked more the other way around--- cost-plus contracts with unlimited overruns reimbursed, for building new technologies that private companies can compete to increase the costs of? Defense contracting is a pretty notorious money pit. Why is cost-plus contracting less expensive than the government doing it in-house, except in the cases where it's a very rare one-off thing that's not worth developing in-house expertise for? If the government is bearing all risk, and the only oversight is government oversight (no market discipline), there's no real advantages to the private sector. Hmm, doesn't seem to be able to insert anything into the typical X11 middle-click-paste mechanism. It does insert the URL if I use Gnome's ctrl+c/ctrl+v, but I never use that. The general concept's ancient, e.g. http://www.changedetection.com/ has been up since 1999. Merging it with CSS selectors seems newer, but it's hard to keep anyone who has a CSS-selector library from duplicating that functionality. FWIW, this appears to have originally been published in Displays 17(2): 100-110 [1997], though the technology has barely changed (in particular, the no-glasses 3d technologies that the article discusses as still in development, are still in development today). I don't see it as a bits-specific question. It's more: will we ever run out of services people will pay for? Probably not. On the other hand, whole swathes of service classes can be obsoleted. It's quite possible that in 20 years making a website and letting it run mostly on autopilot will not be a way to make money (though I can't predict that confidently). Also, I never agreed to the current allocation of land titles, so I see no reason to respect property rights. I can't really agree with the apparent conclusion that the agency model is a good thing. It's more or less a revival of retail price mandates, where the manufacturer dictates to retailers exactly what they must sell a product for, instead of selling it wholesale and letting the retailer set its own prices. That sort of manufacturer-set price model is popular in Europe but generally not permitted in the US, because it's rather anticompetitive: it effectively prohibits retailers from competing with each other on price, because they have no control over prices. Europe likes that, because it keeps companies like Amazon and Wal-Mart from undercutting the local bookstore, if it's illegal to sell books under list price; but I'm not sure it's good for consumers or, more generally, efficient markets. One problem is that in the most lucrative market, enterprise data storage, the woefully out of date benchmarks that are industry standard mainly promote raw throughput on absurdly large working sets, which makes caching of minimal benefit. Besides inertia, there are some established players who have a lot riding on that not changing, also. Details in this kvetch from Sun engineer Bryan Cantrill (Sun's ZFS-based storage servers do pretty much exactly what you propose, but lose out to NetApp in the SPEC benchmarks): http://blogs.sun.com/bmc/entry/eulogy_for_a_benchmark One of the comments on the post (by Mathnerd314) says that Icon implements its comparison operators that way (if the comparison succeeds, it returns the 2nd argument). How would they notice? And aren't we mostly talking about sites that don't have accounts to begin with? I'm not sure the statistics show it's quite that busted. 140,000 apps vs. 25,000 apps is sort of what you'd expect given the time advantage the iPhone had. The iPhone native app SDK was released in July 2008, to a built-in market of millions of iPhones already out there. The Android SDK was released in September 2008 (beta in August 2008), to a much smaller market of shipped devices. It wasn't until mid-2009 that Android as a platform became a serious iPhone competitor and started attracting app developers. Since then I think it's been holding its own reasonably well: I think if you looked at new apps shipped in the past 6 months, the gap would be much smaller. Worded that way, I'd have to say no. But clearly the subtext is Citizens United , which I think is a lot trickier. A lot of important 20th-century free-speech precedents depend on applying the First Amendment to corporations--- corporations like record labels, newspaper/magazine/book publishers, film production and distribution companies, even adult film theatres. It's possible that a narrow First-Amendment exception can be carved out for direct electioneering on the part of corporations, but I think the proposal that the First Amendment doesn't apply to corporations at all is a cure much worse than the disease. Are you arguing that the First Amendment doesn't apply to corporations at all then? So was the Pentagon Papers case, which ruled that the New York Times Company had a First-Amendment right to publish the Pentagon Papers free from government censorship, wrong? Maybe some individual author had the right to publish them, but the New York Times Company didn't? What about the free-speech precedents involving corporations like adult-film producers? That's not my understanding of the relevant precedents--- the Supreme Court has never interpreted the "freedom of the press" to refer to a specially protected class of reporters or news companies, or limited it to reporting the news. It has been held to protect the First Amendment rights of not only news corporations like the New York Times, but also companies that produce pornographic films and magazines, for example (one of the important precedents on the First Amendment's protection of parody involves an issue of Hustler ). It seems to have been read much more broadly to mean, roughly, "the freedom to publish things, like books, newspapers, and films". For example, films like Hillary: The Movie , which was the thing at issue in Citizens United . I think there's probably some way the other outcome could've been reached, but it would be trickier than I think a lot of people are arguing. It would have to be a narrow prohibition against direct electioneering by corporations, carved out as a First-Amendment exception due to the compelling government interest in free elections/etc. (similarly to how obscenity, libel, false advertising, and "false-light disclosure of private facts" are recognized exceptions). And then specific cases would have to be investigated to see which side of the line they fell on: for example, to determine whether Hillary: The Movie was a real movie, or pure electioneering disguised in a sham movie. I agree sorta, but only for the more tweaky visual design aspects, rather than interaction design. If anything, I see Google as actually less data-driven in its design than many areas. Industrial psychology and HCI are traditionally very big on data-driven design for interaction design, with a big focus on Methodologies, quantitative measurement of task performance improvement, and various other statistical evaluation metrics. But the main downside of that is that you can't really answer open-ended design questions: you can A/B test between two specific proposed interfaces, and determine A causes N% of users X quantity less hassle than B does (or whatever your metric is), but if you want to invent an entire new interface, you're basically doing a random walk in design space, which will take a really long time to get anywhere. I mean, imagine how many A/B questions you'd have to ask to invent the Gmail interface, using, say, the Hotmail interface as your starting point, and having to justify every change you make from that starting point using data. I suppose it depends on your norm, though--- Google is very data-driven by the web-design standard, but sort of loosey-goosey, anything-goes compared to the much more statistics-and-methodology-heavy design practices that go on in traditional engineering and HCI. Hmm, I was expecting a bit closer of a connection, but I suppose this'll do. A better "math is a socialist plot" argument, though, could focus on a 19th-century "scientific socialism" approach to optimizing society and the economy via central planning. One big annoyance: 10 years ago, when I searched for a snippet of song lyrics, I got a fan site for the band that accurately transcribed the lyrics. Now I get nothing but pages and pages of shady sites selling me ringtones, with inaccurate lyrics, even when I know there are fansites for the band with better lyrics. A guess is that this is the result of the reliance on domain names for ranking. The high-quality lyrics are distributed across millions of separate domain names, since fansites typically are dedicated to only one band. The low-quality, ring-tones-heavy lyrics sites, though, are centralized, with every band's lyrics on the same domain. The people I know who've left have left mainly due to the secrecy this article also talks about: they developed cool algorithms they wanted to publish research papers about, and weren't allowed to. I do this too, partly because when I have branches and revisions as actual directories and files, I can use the usual Unix tools on them, instead of having to use a parallel set of tools provided by the version control system. They might be less likely to post lots of other stuff too, though. Do you really want any potential future casual acquaintance, boss, or what have you, to have instant, easy access to a transcript of every conversation you've had? The biggest determining factor in my experience has been whether something has a community around it or not. Newspaper comment sections and YouTube video comments don't have a community--- they're drive-by comments by whoever shows up. Smaller forums, mailing lists, and IRC channels where everyone knows everyone else are sort of the best-case. As it scales up, it gets harder to keep quality high. As a bit of a followup: an even worse case (i.e. less likely to get a nice, fan-created lyrics page as one of the first-page hits) is when I know the name of the song and google for something like: joy division warsaw lyrics. Expected result is something like: http://www.joydiv.org/shadowplay/joyd/warsaw.html What I actually get are a bunch of sites with names like mp3lyrics, songlyrics, musicsonglyrics. It might be that the word "lyrics" in my query is boosting that sort of stuff to the top? From what I can tell, Google also penalizes old / rarely updated sites, which probably hurts these kinds of pages--- the page linked above was last updated in 2007, but it's still the best result for that query. They're relevant for site owners, sure, but flash ads aren't a very good argument for, "without flash, users won't get the full web user experience". Presumably nobody will refrain from buying an iPad because of flash ads not working on it.