Being able to choose a place to live strikes me as so American; reading the article I realized I've never considered the possibility of living anywhere else than where I was born (Paris). In fact my mother was born less than half a mile from where I was raised, and today I live less than two miles away from there, 35 years later. I feel a little bit like a tree: if I move I'll probably die; besides, what's the point of traveling if you don't come back to your friends to tell them about what you've seen? The "virtual city", however, changed everything; I check Reddit everyday (or more accurately, every minute! damn addiction), watch The Daily Show, read Slate; the problem is I have a hard time finding people to talk about it. "In Boston they ask, How much does he know? In New York, How much is he worth? In Philadelphia, Who were his parents?" -- Mark Twain It's funny how little has changed in more than a century...? I don't know, I never tried. I don't understand why mobile devices have so little "RAM" when they have fixed storage in the tens of Gos that is effectively made of memory chips...? What is the difference between the two kinds of memory, and why isn't more RAM added? Is it a cost problem? a size problem? both? Or is the CPU not capable of addressing more RAM...? I get htmlspecialchars() [function.htmlspecialchars]: Invalid multibyte sequence in argument when trying to access the homepage? http://i.imgur.com/K390I.jpg Although visited links are quite visible on HN, I sometimes end up clicking on articles I've already read; marking them as "hidden" avoids this (as hidden articles are non-clicable). Articles can be "unhidden" ("show" link); hidden articles are remembered between sessions, for 7 days (since articles move rather rapidly on the front page there is little point in remembering the status longer -- should maybe be user-configurable though). The "option[s]" page has just one option for now -- open links in new window. I wrote it for me and I use Chrome; also, it uses localStorage to remember preferences, which is not available everywhere (I couldn't get it to work with recent versions of FF for example). But if there is demand I can try to repackage it as a greasemonkey script (Chrome extensions are essentially greasemonkey scripts anyway). Once it's installed, if you reload the page you should see a "hide" link below each article, after the "comments" or "discuss" link. If you don't see it, it should be either that you're browsing HN on a different domain than "news.ycombinator.com" (?) or that you're using a version of Chrome http://code.google.com/chrome/extensions/getstarted.html but some things are not totally obvious so I might compile what I've learned in a blog post, yes! Wow. You're quite the debugger! ;-) It was indeed the problem (you had to have options before you even used it!) Fixed it in 0.1.2. Fixed in 0.1.2. Sorry about that. Update: version 0.2.0 adds 2 options: "autoHide" (hide articles when clicked) and "collapse" (remove articles from the list instead of blanking them) Version 0.3.0 adds collapsible comments. Nobody's addicted to air. You need air: just enough to get along. But you don't try to inhale as much as you can; you don't get sick getting too much of it -- although there is enough air around to inflate yourself like a balloon if you were actually addicted to it. Addiction is when you take too much of something; under 5 cigarettes a day don't give you cancer; 1 glass of wine a day actually makes you healthier. But if you get addicted to tobacco or alcohol (or bad food) these things end up killing you. Incidentally can modern addictions pg's talking about, really kill you? Can you die from Internet addiction? Porn/TV/Farmville addiction? If they can't kill you can they be called "addictive"...? I don't think this example, however sad, is valid: - addiction should harm the addicted, not somebody else - from the article: "The girl, who was born prematurely and weighed 5 pounds (2.25 kilograms), was often fed rotten formula and was beaten when she cried out of hunger, the affidavit said." so what killed this child is not "Internet addiction" but being born to abusive parents... "Identifiers should not carry meaning": for some reason people just hate this rule and try everything to circumvent it. It drives me crazy too. I built an extension for Chrome that lets you hide articles + collapse comments (HN HideIt); it's here: https://chrome.google.com/extensions/detail/dibillbafbngeilo... Best passage of the letter from Wikimedia to the FBI: «In your letter, you assert that an image of an FBI seal included in a Wikipedia article is “problematic” because “it facilitates both deliberate and unwitting violations” of 18 U.S.C. 701. I hope you will agree that the adjective “problematic,” even if it were truly applicable here, is not semantically identical to “unlawful.”» Exactly. Just because the FBI doesn't like it doesn't make it illegal. Yahoo Search API (whatever its real name is... BOSS or something?) is also fantastic and much superior to Google's (which isn't even really a search api). Uneven does not necessarily mean "some good, some bad"; it could mean "some bad, some terrible" or "some good, some fantastic" or any combination thereof. In fact, taken literally, it is devoid of meaning, because any group of human beings can be described as "uneven" for any descriptor one can think of. But it is not used literally in the article; it is used as a euphemism for "bad", as opposed to the quality of Google engineers (which one guesses is "even"...?) Now you're playing with words; assume what you mean. > One argument was that the adventurous sailor would be subsumed by the cobbler or tavernkeeper in the mating game. True, but he wouldn't be subsumed by the beggar, now would he? Well, if the beggar is Diogenes... The main counter argument is that most world conquerors are not especially fertile; Napoleon had maybe six kids (max.); Alexander had two and was maybe gay; Hitler had zero. How would the "conqueror" trait have so much influence on humanity if conquerors did not father many children (and there were not enough successful conquerors to start with). I try to develop a more substantiated analysis of this article here: http://blog.medusis.eu/of-parrots-and-men As a (happy) father of three I feel the right to share a dirty little secret: taking care of young kids is boring as hell. But somebody has to do it; in mammals it's only natural that it's the female, since she has to be around anyway in order to breast feed (which is not the case with birds for example: both parents can find and bring back food to the young). So maybe the adventurous sailors explore the world simply because they can ; not "in order to come back rich, and mate" but because, having mated, they can leave their family behind and go do something else. > So if you’re traveling to Los Angeles this summer, you can check out tweets from Angelenos... > Often a single tweet sparks a larger conversation of re-tweets... > Now you can create an alert specifically for “updates” to get an email the moment your topic appears on Twitter... Ok, so basically Google is setting itself to be an interface to Twitter? Like I said, I'm a very happy father (my kids are 5, 2 and 1). I love them (they helped me understand what "love" actually means). They are the joy of my life. But spending too much time with them is not as fulfilling as actually doing something -- or even reading a good book. There is no fulfillment in wiping a child's ass, or even feeding them. You do it because you have to, and I actually don't mind doing it. But as useful as it is for them, it's pointless for me. That is not a problem as long as I have other things to do / to care about; it would be if they were the beginning and end of my day. From the article: " perhaps nature [designed men] to strive, mostly unsuccessfully, for greatness ". Leaving aside the fact that nature does not design anything, if evolution is to select a trait that is "mostly unsuccessful", then this trait is to be incredibly successful when it actually succeeds. And in fact, Genghis Khan is the exception; other well-known world conquerors are not exceptionally prolific, casting doubt on the possibility that "unknown world conquerors" (if such people ever existed?) would have been prolific enough and numerous enough to have an impact on the human species. I'm well aware of Evolutionary Psychology, its premises and its shortcomings; it isn't "soft science" but rather "non-science" since it can't be refuted. Most of its claims may be right, or wrong, but that doesn't matter because we have no way to tell .