Yeah so this is my project. It's very much a work in progress, but occasionally I think it works remarkably well for something I cobbled together alone out of consumer hardware and home-made code :-) I do indeed index the web myself. Not the entire web, just a subset of it. The crawler quickly loses interest in javascript:y websites and only indexes at depth those websites that are simple. It also focuses on websites in English, Swedish and Latin and tries to identify and ignore the rest (best-effort). You'd be surprised how much you can do with modern hardware if you are scrappy. The current index is about 17.7 million URLs. I've gone as far as 50 million and could probably double that if I really wanted to. The difficulty isn't having a small enough index, but rather having a relevant enough index, weeding out the link farms and stuff that just take space. I only index N-grams of up to 4 words, carefully chosen to be useful. The search engine, right now, is backed by a 317 Gb reverse index and a 5.2 Gb dictionary. Some people like a flashy UI, the modern look is important for them. It's ok to have aesthetic preferences, let's not pretend we don't all have them. In the end, it's a niche search engine I've made, the intended audience is the long tail. It just isn't for everyone, and if it was for everyone, it probably would be lesser for it. I wrote it myself from scratch. I have some metadata in mariadb, but the index is bespoke. A design sketch of the index is that it uses one file with sorted URL IDs, one with IDs of N-grams (i.e. words and word-pairs) referring to ranges in the URL file; as well as a dictionary for relating words to word-IDs; that's a GNU Trove hash map I modified to use memory map data instead of direct allocated arrays. So when you search for two words, it translates them into IDs using the special hash map, goes to the words file and finds the least common of the words; starts with that. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the first word. Then it goes to the words file and looks up the URL range of the second word. Then it goes through the less common word's range and does a binary search for each of those in the range of the more common word. Then it grabs the first N results, and translates them into URLs (through mariadb); and that's your search result. I'm skipping over a few steps, but that's the very crudest of outlines. Well,... yet. Load average is at 1.2, not that bad. But the services are getting a solid workout. I just started with my website and did a crawl. Subsequently I've been seeding it with the best results form my previous crawls. It's a directed search so it doesn't seem to need a particularly solid seed to get decent results. Yeah it's hosted by cloudflare. I'm currently IP-blocking them, as because they keep prompting my crawler with a captcha, presumably because it's made millions of requests from their CDN. Some rigmarole getting recognized as a good bot by the CDNs. I've submitted a request fairly recently, but haven't heard back from them yet. Like I would like to be on good terms with them, and other websites that block small independent crawlers. I can't blame them though, there's a lot of bad bots out there. But I'm doing my best not be part of the problem. Yeah I did some work very recently aimed at improving the relevance a bit. It was a bit too random in the state it was before. Now it, perhaps, isn't random enough anymore. If Google starts showing interesting text-heavy links instead of vapid listicles and storefronts, I have accomplished everything I ever could dream of. Javascript tags are penalized the hardest, but it also takes into consideration density of text per HTML. There's also some adjustments based on text length, which words occur in the page, etc. It really depends on what you search for. A major drawback is that there needs to be text-heavy sites to find, in order for the search engine to find them. Compare for example the results for "Duke Nukem 3D" with those for "Cyberpunk 2077". It's pretty much all bespoke. I use external libraries for parsing HTML (JSoup) and robots.txt; but that's about it. The real test is in now, index server is reconstructing its index. It does this every 6 hours if there is new pages. Takes half an hour or so usually. It's supposed to be able to handle searches at the same time, but jeepers, it's gonna have to chew through nearly 400 Gb of data while dealing with over 1 request per second. Yeah there was unfortunately a problem with the content-type code recently, it unfortunately categorized some binary data as HTML and tried to process it best-effort. So there's some binary soup in the index. The bug has since been fixed, but it won't come into effect in a few weeks. I guess it's a matter of taste. I can barely read anything on regular wikipedia because the inline links disrupt my flow. The spelling suggestions are presented whenever there isn't any results, but sometimes they can be pretty misleading. What happens is that C, as a word, isn't indexed because it's deemed too short, and the bigram "c strtok" can't be found anywhere. Try 'strtok' instead. I'm self-hosting, and the server is a Ryzen 7 3900x with 128 Gb of non-ECC RAM. It sits in my living room next to a cheap UPS. I did snag one of the last remaining Optane 900Ps off Amazon, and it powers the index and the database--and I really do think this is among the best hardware choices for this use case. But beyond that it's really nothing special, hardware-wise. Like it's less than a month's salary. It runs Debian, and all the services run bare metal with zero containerization. Modern consumer hardware can be absurdly powerful if you let it. Like I have no doubt a thousand engineers could spend a hundred times as much time building a search engine that did pretty much the same thing mine does, it would require a full data center to stay running and be much slower. But that's just a cost of large scale software development I don't have to pay as a solo developer with no deadline, no planning and a shoestring budget. The search engine doesn't actually do full text search, so maybe your query was too... unique. But do first of all verify that you haven't been hacked. There's about quarter of a million domains I've flagged that, besides their wordpress content, also host a ton of link spam crap off in some hidden folder. This reflects on the quality rating extremely negatively to the point where you may have not been indexed at all. Secondly, are you behind cloudflare or some other big-name CDN? Because, as I mentioned in another comment, I can't crawl their pages without getting captchad until they approve of my humble request to be classified as a good bot. There are some other hosting providers I flat out block on a subnet level because they host a large amount of link farms. This is currently Alibaba, Psychz, eSited, Cloud Yuqu and 1Blu. Hmm, which OS? I only have a single Android phone so I've only fixed the CSS for that. Well just crunching the numbers should indicate what is possible and what isn't. For the moment I have just south of 20 million URLs indexed. 1 x 20 million bytes = 20 Mb. 10 x 20 million bytes = 200 Mb. 100 x 20 million bytes = 2 Gb. 1,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Gb. 10,000 x 20 million bytes = 200 Gb. 100,000 x 20 million bytes = 2 Tb. 1,000,000 x 20 million bytes = 20 Tb. This is still within what consumer hardware can deal with. It's getting expensive, but you don't need a datacenter to store 20 Tb worth of data. How many bytes do you need, per document, for an index? Do you need 1 Mb of data to store index information about a page that, in terms of text alone, is perhaps 10 Kb? Yeah I think the charset detection needs work. It understands the "Content-type: text/html;charset=utf-8" -header, and but not It turns out HTML has a lot of corner cases. I'm constantly marveling at how web browsers hold together as well as they do. The search engine doesn't do any type of re-ordering or synonym stuff, it only tires to construct different N-grams from the search query. So if you for example compare "SDL tutorial" with "SDL tutorials". On google you'd get the same stuff, this search engine, for better or worse doesn't. This is a design decision, for now anyway, mostly because I'm incredibly annoyed when algorithms are second-guessing me. On the other hand, it does mean you sometimes have to try different searches to get relevant results. Haha! I did actually assume UTF-8 at first, but being a search engine has a lot of older websites, I sadly got a lot of encoding errors doing that, too. Try a query on the form site:www.example.com ;-) I might add a donate button or something if people want to help support the project, hardware isn't cheap and all. But I have a job and decent income. I think if this search engine became the way I earned money, it would influence the project in a bad way, and corrupt its purpose, which is to help people explore the less-commercial internet.