If it fits your use case you can use std::valarray . See here: https://godbolt.org/g/JBSvuH Who did that? I saw no one talking about interpreted languages here. I am running linux on the Surface Pro. Works perfectly. Have you used Haskell? It can automatically generate a lot of things for you if you allow it. Sometimes I really find it amazing. Consent has nothing to do with actually caring about you. Never mistake the two. It's really simple he continously asked you those things because a single touch where you didn't it and he didn't ask you can ruin his life. The last good triple A game that came out and I knew about is The Witcher 3. Undoubtedly there are others but I don't see them. The online only game epidemic is what is causing this. There are loads of people who don't care about the next Dota 2, Fortnite or whatever the next time waste is without substance. But there are barely any games for those people. Most are moneygrabbing sequels with no actual life in them. The only country that seems to still be producing worthwhile games is Japan. That is a meaningless statement. You can do anything in (almost)any language that doesn't mean the basics are solved. That makes zero sense. If they were all failured they where not A players by definition. But why use a mac pro for that? It's not like UE4 only runs on mac or even has an advantage running on mac. I'm not sure there are very many people smarter then Elon. He no doubt unifies people to his cause but I doubt even a small fraction of them are actually smarter then Elon himself. I assume the compiler can easily optimize something like that similar to constant folding. Isn't that the case? Doesn't HTML also provide this feature? While being vastly more powerful and the only downside it cannot be printed accurately? He explicitly says if you don't share hardware with code you don't trust it's fine to disable it. Javascript is not code one trusts... Almost no one uses Intel's compiler for serious workloads afaik. Your entire point is irrelevant. Do you write any code? Because that is not allowed on iOS. Do you want to browse see an application and want to use it? Because that is not allowed on iOS. iOS is so far from being a useable OS that I don't think it will ever be anything more then an internet machine with light video and image editing capabilities. The last update to the ipad pro should tell you enough about what apple thinks constitutes a "professional" OS. That being said OSX running on a higher specced ipad pro CPU could be really awesome but I don't think that is what will happen. Really? For me the presence of a GC disqualifies D as the main replacement for C and C++. Yes and then you can't use most of the nice features of D. Forget about libraries. You are right most software it doesn't matter if you have a GC. However then D is not competing against C and C++ it's competing against almost every other language. The article does not present oil as the only tolerable alternative. Most of the article is about olives and not their oil. So what is it? Just stop using RSA completely or stop rolling your own RSA? The article sends mixed signals on this, I completely understand the latter as bad but I have used the RSA framework within .NET to sign messages before and I don't recall it being hard at all. With libsodium you still have to choose parameters though not that different from other crypto libraries(including .NET) So your plan is to attach an FPGA to the PCIe bus? To allow the FPGA to access peripherals on the Pi side or do you want the FPGA to make the pi a lot more powerful? if you have implemented fsync() to not sync to actual backing storage you have a bug in your design. That is orthogonal to caching the writes in RAM prior. Yes that is excess sugar consumption which the article talks about. I haven't seen any proof that this is the case. Can you link me some papers?