It doesn't applies to every products (and it's probably different depending on which country you live in) but you also have to check if it's a "best before" or a "used by" date. I've ate dairy products 1-2 weeks after the "best before" date and they were exactly like the day I bought them. If it doesn't smell / looks funky it's usually fine to eat. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Expiration_date Milk goes bad much quicker once opened though, check if they have smaller bottles available. It's often more expensive per liter but at least it doesn't end up in the sink. > being so exhausted that the rest of the night is down the drain. You're only exhausted after a 30 min workout when you have 0 physical training. After a few weeks it'll have the opposite effects. As developers our body is rotting away day by day, if I didn't push myself to exercise the most physical thing I'd do most of the days is pull a door to open it. Even a set of dumbbells, a pull-up bar and a stretch mat will be miles ahead of doing nothing. It's very insidious because you can be passive all your youth with almost no side effects, but all those years of passivity will come back at us when we hit 50, 60, 70. It sounds very tough on your joints, did you consider swimming ? Cycling ? Rowing machines ? It's not all about the numbers, the only diets / workouts that work are the ones you can keep as a lifestyle. My question might sound aggressive but I've always been fascinated by seemingly smart people making that kind of point. Are you saying that having to take a shower is enough of an annoyance that you'd skip on a life time of benefits in almost every measurable health / well being metrics ? I run to and from the gym (~15 min), mostly do compound exercises like ohp / squat / deadlift / bench press for 1-2 hours 3 times a week. I'm usually home before 9PM and cook / continue with my day. Unless you have to chop wood when you get back home you'll be fine. Even after bouldering for hours to the point of not being able to hold a glass of water in my hand I've never been "so exhausted that the rest of the night is down the drain.", and I'm far from being a genetic freak or a good athlete. I used to be your average 70kg skinny fat teen, that was 4 years ago when I decided to do something to not end up like all the chubby 30+ years old guys I was seeing daily and who were unable to go up 4 flights of stairs without panting, at some point you have to take decisions for yourself. It's not some bs like "you can be the next Einstein/Musk/Bezos if you try hard enough", there is no luck involved, no barrier to entry. The hard truth is that there is no magic bullet, no quick ways to do it, you just have to get up and move, be it cycling, lifting weight, running, swimming. It's pure lack of motivation/confidence, once you get started everything falls in place and gets easier. 3 or 4 hours of quality workout a week, even at home, will change your body in a few month and you'll never look back. And if you can't find 3 or 4 hours a week to take care of your most precious physical possession (your body) I guess you have bigger issues to take care of. Yes please, let's remove everything that makes life worth living so we have more time for work and media consumption. The trend of micro managing/optimising our lives is really getting out of control. Dating apps are already dehumanising most of the dating process, let's see how bad we can make it. I wonder if people in the future will be able (or even know that it's possible) to start discussions with the opposite sex outside of dating apps. Yeah sure, if you see dating as an end it makes sense to use these apps. For me it's most about meeting people, talking, learning etc ... it's part of the thrill. "But you can do that on tinder too", nah, being face to face explicitly for a date changes everything, people are not themselves in these conditions. I don't want to meet people I "matched" because we watch the same shows, listen to the same music, have the same hobbies. That's not bad per say but I'd much rather learn that organically, even if it ends up being a "waste of time". I feel like reading a tinder profile + the first convo is removing most of the fun of meeting someone. > Ever go out to try and meet women? I don't go out with the intent of finding a date but if something happens I'll go with the flow. I met my last 2 ltr like that and learned a lot from it / them. Sure if you compare that to having 3 dates a week on tinder my numbers look low, but I also avoid all the shit I don't want to put up with. > You just have to remember easy come, easy go. Yes, that's exactly what I don't like about these apps, you'll always have the occasional "I met my wife/husband on tinder" but it's mostly short term things. My personal theory is that the more people you date / the easier it is to find a mate, the less you'll engage and the faster you'll get disappointed / bored and go look somewhere else. It's always more exciting to start a new relationship than to face and overcome hardships in a newish one. > My suspicion is that dating apps are so easy to hate because they bring to the surface what dating really is. You could be right, I haven't dated many people so I'm probably extremely biased. All I can tell is that it saddens me to listen to the tinder stories of my friends and see them glued to their tinder app when I meet them in real life, it brings them way more issues than happiness. If you work full time, ask your boss to pay you at the same hourly rate and drop your working hours until you get paid current salary - 1000$. Then use that time read, meet new people, start new hobbies until you find one that sticks, go to the gym, start indoor rock climbing, boxing, painting, whatever. basically, train your mind (on something other than tech), and your body to get the best of it. Do whatever you like as long as it's not 100% mindless media consumption and you'll feel fulfilled. I'm inclined to think that the most rewarding things in life are the one you handle yourself, paying someone to clean your room (instead of doing it yourself) or to tell you how to exercise (instead of learning about anatomy and reading about bodybuilding online for example) won't bring you the same fulfilment. Don't focus on "productivity" or "getting things done", it's life, as long as you can afford food an a roof over your head you're good to go. You won't remember your perfect workout program or your shiny new side project of the month in 5 years. If you can spend 1k$ on "productivity" you probably aren't in a bad situation money wise, enjoy that, you already don't have to think about problems faced by 90% of the world population. Automating / delegating / micro managing your life is the best way to make it more stressful imho, it very easily gets out of control and ironically becomes your life's focus. The only road to happiness is a sound mind in a sound body, and the probability you'll get that through a carrier is slim. I highly recommend reading these: https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius Impressive results. I don't have much to contribute to the article itself (I mostly shoot film) but I've always been fascinated by the Hasselblad XPAN: https://www.35mmc.com/25/06/2017/hasselblad-xpan-ii-review/ Some people are insanely creative with it, healthy reminder that photography isn't all about pixel peeping : https://i.redd.it/m7z6wm2idiw01.jpg I recently started reading texts from Seneca, Marcus Aurelius and Ralph Waldo Emerson and to me it seems that, no mater the epoch, people are facing the same problems and asking themselves the same questions. You don't have to look very far to find answers to these issues, people have been working on them for at the very least the last 2000 years "Nothing, Lucilius, is ours, except time. We were entrusted by nature with the ownership of this single thing, so fleeting and slippery that anyone who will can oust us from possession. What fools these mortals be! They allow the cheapest and most useless things, which can easily be replaced, to be charged in the reckoning, after they have acquired them; but they never regard themselves as in debt when they have received some of that precious commodity, – time! And yet time is the one loan which even a grateful recipient cannot repay." https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/Moral_letters_to_Lucilius/Let... The first step is to be conscious of it so you're on the right track. You could try to set time limits on these apps from your phone settings and reduce the time allowed week by week until you feel comfortable with your usage. You could even block them on your router. It's similar to other addictions, you'll have some withdrawal symptoms for a while but once you're through you won't look back. But I think deep down the issue is that you don't have something meaningful to do with your time, something that you really, deeply value doing over mindless browsing. It kind of reminds me of Freund's death drive [1] (in a sense of being attracted to passivity / mindless consumption). You should probably try to find new activities, be it sports, associations, art, or even other more mindful media consumption. Also, cut down on screen time before bed, it impacts sleep quality, which impacts energy levels, and from there it's a negative self reinforcing loop. [1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Death_drive Well, aren't we all powered by organic decision making algorithms ? Can it be emulated with our current tech / knowledge ? maybe, maybe not. In the end it all boils down to: is intelligence / consciousness 100% material[0]. If it's the case it would be theoretically possible to replicate it. In practice it's much more complex. If these principles can't be explained by materialism I think we'll have even bigger questions to answer. [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Materialism also see: https://computing.dcu.ie/~humphrys/philosophy.html It highly depends and what you're doing, most people don't face the same issues as "major companies" like Netflix, Google, Uber etc ... Yet a lot of people chose their stack based on these companies and you end up with over engineered solutions which are slower / harder to maintain than smaller / less hyped technologies. Sure, but I don't think anyone can say with confidence "machines will never think" or similar things (unless we're debating about the definition of "thinking"). I remember reading that people who worked on "flying machines" said it wouldn't be possible to have heavier than air planes before decades or centuries (or even ever), little did they now that they already existed for a few months but the news didn't came to them yet. Bouldering has that effect on me. Give it a try if there is a gym close to you Well, there is "rich" and "rich". For Tech workers salaries are a lot for most people. I'm in my early 20s and make more than my dad ever made. After a quick google search I found these links, no idea of how serious they are though. I'm sure someone making 30k a year thinks people earning 50k / 75k / 126k (nbrs from the article) are "rich". https://www.truthdig.com/articles/more-than-half-of-u-s-wage... https://www.zerohedge.com/news/2018-10-22/middle-class-destr... Easier access to data + negative bias[0] = people thinking the world is a shit show (don't get me wrong it probably is in a lot places). That's what happens when you're blasted 24/7 with news about kidnappings / rapes / killings / terrorist attacks / natural disasters happening in far away places and which have 0 impact on your daily life & community. [0] https://www.psychologytoday.com/us/articles/200306/our-brain... Talk about a first world problem. Some people would benefit from taking a few steps back and a good hard look at themselves. "Search the minds of those who cry down what they have desired, who talk about escaping from things which they are unable to do without; you will comprehend that they are lingering of their own free will in a situation which they declare they find it hard and wretched to endure." It depends how you see things. imho some things are intrinsically wrong, doing them because "someone else would have lined up to take advantage of the opportunities" doesn't change the fact that it's wrong in the first place. Just the same way that if something wrong is done by a lot of people it doesn't make it right (smoking, drinking &c.). - spend - cook your own meals. - don't buy useless shit. - if you have to buy something, buy good quality. Every single goal you have is just the next step on a ladder, as soon as you hit it there will be another one. You'll forget you even worked to get there, and focus on the next step, thinking "ah if only I were there, I'd be happy". It never stops, it gets increasingly harder and depressing unless you are aware of it. As far as I can tell a lot of people never understand that until very late in their life. Most people in the world are living with way less than what you have, it's just a matter of perspective. If you think material things will help you feel better you're plain wrong. As long as you have food, a roof over your head and some sort of community you're good to go. Books are one of the best thing we have to transmit experiences but it's far from a 1:1 process. Two people can read the same book but take away diametrically opposed things due to their own experiences / expectations. You can read all the books and notes about WW1 battles, you'll never come close to feel what they felt in the trenches. afaik nicotine is the addictive substance in cigarettes but it's not the most dangerous. + Inhaling any burned matter / fumes will have an impact the lungs. "Cigarette smoke contains over 7,000 chemical compounds, including arsenic, formaldehyde, cyanide, lead, nicotine, carbon monoxide, acrolein, and other poisonous substances. Over 70 of these are carcinogenic." [0] [0] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cigarette Do you have any source for "That is one of the reasons why people who work in the food industry all smoke so much." ? As far as I can tell most low wage / manual labor jobs are plagued with cigarette smoking because it allows more breaks / and it's a way to kill time. Here in germany a lot of 30s people picked up smoking during their mandatory military service (cigarettes were free to avoid creation of black markets, people who smoked had more breaks + herd behavior)