I was the one who came up with the "Neo900" name and I can say that the inspiration was from Neo1973 and Neo Freerunner names. As OpenPhoenux, Neo900's umbrella project, has Openmoko roots, and given that "neo" means "new", it seemed pretty natural to name the "new N900" as "Neo900". Maemo is run by community, Nokia abbandoned it completely some time ago. a) The only "hackable" baseband processor that matches what you wrote is TI Calypso, and it doesn't support anything more than basic GPRS speeds. All other modems are locked with crypto keys (TI Calypso also had this ability, but for some strange reason it went out of factory with security checks disabled - that's why its the only modem OsmocomBB works on) From Neo900 project there are plans to support "special orders" from people who want to mount TI Calypso on their PCB instead of standard modem. There was already at least one such request. b) Even if there would be some new project for creating "free modem", replacing a firmware in such device means losing certification, which means that device is no longer legal to operate on public networks. inb4 "I don't live in USA, your silly laws don't apply to me" - no, their don't, but similar regulations are present on nearly any place on Earth. Uhm, ad-hoc? Same. >We are simulated. Actually there is a way to tell if the world you're living in is not a simulation. Our world fails this test. What's the deal with this game anyway? It's nothing new, I was playing games based on exactly the same, pretty popular idea, years ago. What's all the fuss about? I started to read that article on a browser without NoScript installed. It reminded me why I love it so much. If you describe something as "a content site", then implementing it as "single-page app" is ridiculous by definition. Content site is not app. Single-page app frameworks are for apps, not for content sites. Kinda similar in its spirit - here's my curses based adaptation for any vt100-compatible terminal: https://github.com/dos1/flasciibird $20000 out of $40000 and 8 days left... hopefully he'll manage to raise it all. I played it soon after the demo was released and it got me super excited. Feels like Portal - when in some vlog entry the author admited to be a big fan of Portal series I wasn't surprised ;) Facebook at least allows an easy opt-out. Bitcoin is not and never was anonymous. It's pseudonymous by design. Given the state of legal regulations in most of countries in the world, you're probably waiting for some revolution. It's practically impossible to legally use the freedoms given to you by such free modem firmware (theoretically you could send it to certification each time you do something with it). Neo900 project realized that (and the lack of resources to build the modern modem at all - the needed amount is enormous), so instead of trying to make free baseband and failing inevitably, it's going to include some kind of "sandbox" allowing for tight monitoring of everything the modem does. I've got 16384 tile. I have a strange feeling that I might be doing something wrong... >PhoneBloks >product PhoneBloks was just a "product" of designer's imagination, nothing more. All he did was to think about "LEGO-phone" and make a catchy animation describing the idea - the idea that wasn't even unique or new, as similar ones (together with 3D-printed or homemade cases, which were later actually realized) were already appearing few years ago on Openmoko mailing lists triggered by GTA04 motherboard upgrade for Neo Freerunner. Looks exactly like "shallow" mode of BlessN900 app for Nokia N900 from few years ago. It's funny to see how most of the "innovations" in mobile world presented today either by Apple or Google was already implemented on open or semi-open platforms like Openmoko or Maemo few years before. Most of them only as experiments, granted, but still shows what the community is capable of on its own when not putting unnecessary restrictions on it. Well, the only "new approach" I can see here is letting the user decide which part of image should be sharp. BlessN900 camera app for Nokia N900 was doing exactly what this new app does few years ago, but it was choosing the focus point automatically. They can use Nokia brand only for few years, they don't have rights for it. It was known right from the beginning of this selling story that Nokia brand will disappear from mobile devices industry. Only the remaining parts of Nokia, not sold to Microsoft (part working on localization services etc.), will be able to continue to use this name. They have to, they didn't get this brand. They've just got rights to use it for few years together with mobile devices part of Nokia. ...and about anyone not "a US resident with a US shipping address"? :P There are lots of them. Just look at what GTA04 and Neo900 are using (Option and Cinterion). Such project can't accept closed baseband being highly integrated with main CPU and RAM like most of modern smartphones do, so they use ready 3G/LTE modules to move it out as a USB peripheral in CPU perspective. http://neo900.org/ NetBSD and FreeBSD were already ported to Neo Freerunner few years ago, and you actually don't have to start the graphics layer on any OS. You can also already use whatever programming language you like, it runs just a standard operating systems like your desktop do, just compiled to different cpu arch (arm). If there's any BSD running on OMAP3 boards like BeagleBoard, then running it on Neo900 will be trivial and you can do it by yourself. Any documentation needed for more specific support will be public, so you can do that by yourself as well. also, Openmoko is long in the past. Long live OpenPhoenux! :) RPi doesn't allow you to use your own bootloader. You cannot even start it without closed blob, so it's in contradiction to your previous requirements.