The world's most affordable laptop that doesn't suck is the Thinkpad you buy on eBay for $95 and install Debian + xorg + openbox on. I have super-glued lead fishing weights into the base of my desk VoIP phone (a Yealink sip-t28p) to give it more heft on the desk and stop it from sliding around when bumped. For $150 I would rather buy a NUC sized thing with VESA mount and put a small, fast M.2 SSD in it. Also it will likely have a proper 1000baseT NIC in it which is far preferable to any form of 802.11n/ac. I am enjoying an environment configured to only allow TLSv1.2 and deny everything else. It may not be a realistic option for everyone, but for anything new built in 2015 and later is the only sensible choice. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. Hey, let's install unsigned APKs from random sources in china for $17 consumer gadgets, nothing could possibly go wrong. This is a typo or copy paste error. Based on the 52dbw EIRP it is a standard FCC compliant 80 GHz FDD radio system (same family as bridgewave, e-band, siklu, SIAE). Actual electrical power consumed at the wall is probably https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Delay-tolerant_networking http://ipnsig.org/ Never buy any inkjet printer. I threw in the garbage a Canon multifunction that refused ton work as a SCANNER when its ink was empty. If you have the space and print a lot of black and white, buy an eight year old used HP LaserJet with an Ethernet interface. Even a 4100DTN is a great deal, sub $100. ha, ha: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blueseed tl;dr Someone is getting fired. " All we had to do was download an app and click on some mysterious Chinese advertisements to top up our data. " This is the sort of shit that keeps network security people awake at night. I bet they enabled third-party app downloads on their Android phones and uninstalled some unknown .apk The future business leaders of America... fuck... These are the sort of people who give Americans a bad name overseas. I mean seriously how do you fail to learn that China requires visas? Or know the history of HK-China and why there is a border? At least they're apparently not blistering blowhards like some merkins in Europe. To be fair to China's chauvinist culture they would've done the same of the visitors/clients were Chinese. Actually if they were Chinese they probably would've been taken directly to a brothel. The 2707's cancellation being the reason for Boeing laying of 60,000 people is a huge exaggeration. There was a general downturn in ALL airliner sales at that point in time in the 1970s, affecting the volume of existing subsonic airplane production. http://old.seattletimes.com/special/centennial/november/ligh... Read more history about the 1970s oil/energy crisis. original purpose: building a giant airship new purpose: pasty white germans eating barbecued sausage and drinking beer on a fake tropical beach Most long haul fiber cables pulled these days are way more than 48, at minimum 144, 288 or most commonly 864 strand ribbon. If you're trenching 300 km of fiber along a railway the cable itself is actually a small fraction of the total project costs. At most a 5% delta between 72 and 288. In an African context with limited logistics and trucking options, absolutely. And the projects are at a bare minimum budget already. I've been involved with a few, just the subcontract for concrete vaults/splice locations runs on a shoestring budget. In many cases bringing singlemode to an inland/remote city will be a dramatic improvement no matter even if it's 12 strands back to the capitol city/cable landing station location. We're talking about replacing microwave backhauls that are 4 x STM1 capacity total, serving the entire inland/up-country area of a nation, with a single 10GbE circuit. Dramatic difference. And very basic 100 GHz grid DWDM gear can be used. I don't understand why anyone would buy a home automation/smart-home device that can't work fully independent of "the cloud" (butt) with local management. If I can't talk to it over private IP space and run a local daemon/server on the same layer 2 ethernet fabric to manage it (eg: Unifi), I don't want it. If I want to remotely access a camera or something like dropcam I am perfectly capable of VPNing in to my own home network to do so. I don't need the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. Do not trust the butt. If you didn't build it and you don't know where it is, it could go away at any time for any reason and you will have zero recourse. DO NOT. TRUST. THE BUTT. and this is why certain 4x4 enthusiasts enjoy driving 25 year old diesel vehicles. How long until somebody in MA screen captures the entire Model S service manual and puts it up for public consumption as a torrent? The people who live in Dildo, Newfoundland will be disappointed. The warrant is ridiculous even without the tor part. Read pages #6 and #7. http://www.thestranger.com/images/blogimages/2016/04/08/1460... ISPs maintain hash values of known child porn files? Show me a single ISP in the Seattle area that runs any of its residential customer http traffic through a caching proxy that examines and hashes each file, I'll eat my shoe.