The first diagram in the first study you referenced [1] puts the observed rate of myocarditis among patients -without- COVID at 450 per 5 million (9 per 100k). That is much higher than the rate of myocarditis among the entire vaccinated Israeli [2] cohort (125 per 5 million) you mentioned. The issue is that you're not comparing apples to apples. The Israeli data is looking at the entire population that received the vaccine. The COVID study is only looking at hospitalized patients with/without COVID which is a subset of the entire population restricted entirely to those experiencing the most severe symptoms. This is not an easy problem to solve. A more apples to apples comparison [3] puts the COVID:vaccine myocarditis ratio at about 6:1, but it also suffers from a bias. In order to measure those rates they relied on the population that tested positive for COVID. This excludes the population of individuals which were infected with COVID but did not received a diagnosis who presumably also had a near 0 rate of myocarditis. This bias [presumably] becomes more pronounced at lower age groups where COVID displays milder symptoms making it less likely to end up diagnosed. Finally, there is also the consideration that while the vaccines have not yet changed - COVID has. And its likely that the omicron strain will have a different distribution of side effects. It's a difficult problem to solve, and conflicts of interest abound make it all even more challenging. [1] - https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/volumes/70/wr/mm7035e5.htm [2] - https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-021-02740-y [3] - https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2021.07.23.21260998v... It's even worse. You're only counting tuition there: https://admission.ucla.edu/tuition-aid/tuition-fees The current total cost for UCLA is $36,297 per year for California residents, $28,408 if you're living with relatives. That is for the 9 months per year fall/spring session, so summer school/housing/etc is not included. This is also only for your direct educational expenses. In that budget your "personal" expenditures are set at about $5/day which includes entertainment, recreation, clothing, etc. And perhaps the biggest problem of all is that it is intentionally made exceptionally easy to take out additional loans, generally just clicking an extra button while setting up your schedule/financing for the next semester. As most college age individuals (let alone those attending a decent university) expect they're going to be millionaires at some point, it is an exceptionally exploitative system feeding off widespread completely unrealistic life expectations. It's easy to rationalize how much nicer $xxxxx would make your life today, while how little value it will have tomorrow. But for most, tomorrow will never come. > Training on all the jQuery code won’t yet give you an AI that can write React. If AI genuinely took over coding then languages would become obsolete. The most basic turing complete language, probably some sort of RISC assembly, would be all that would ever be needed. But when will we get there? A decade ago it seemed like fully autonomous self driving vehicles were just around the corner. Now? Well that corner seems a lot further away than it did then, simply because the problems getting from 99% to 100% are proving quite resilient. Sigmoid curves look exponential on the way up... I don't think it's about the computing, but about the entire shift in worldview required to accept that what you perceive to be true isn't necessarily so. This is much more of an emotional issue than a logical or analytical one. It also naturally trends towards Betrand Russell's, "The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." It's one thing to state you understand this and another altogether to live it. It's not pleasant. And I find many who even claim to have adopted this sort of worldview are instead just as cocksure of themselves, but instead of meeting other notions with rejection, they meet them with 'compassionate condescension.' When it becomes impossible to be able to reasonably comfortably speak against a consensus, that consensus loses any sort of meaning because it becomes impossible to determine whether it's being upheld by coercion or not. It also becomes completely impossible to carry out science in such an environment because such pressures invariably leak into e.g. universities, career opportunities, grants, and so on. So without being able to reasonably comfortably speak against a scientific consensus you end up with neither science nor a consensus. The data tables they provide information on exactly what the conditions were. The top several (which make up the wide majority overall) are: - Diabetes - Chronic lower respiratory diseases - Hypertensive diseases - Diseases of the urinary system - Ischaemic heart diseases - Symptoms signs and ill-defined conditions - Dementia and Alzheimer's disease - Heart failure and complications and ill-defined heart disease The "symptoms signs and ill-defined conditions" is described here [1]. Basically signs and symptoms of other issues but for which there was no diagnosis made or available. That was marked as one of the preexisting condition(s) for 17.4% of the 65+ years old cohort, and 1% of the 0-64 years old cohort. [1] - https://www.icd10data.com/ICD10CM/Codes/R00-R99 It seems to me that as we reach such levels of advancement that time will gradually start to lose meaning. Even if we continue to die on about a 100 year interval, the fact that during such interval one could experience millions of years of history will again really blur any meaning. It leads to lots of really interesting and fun sci-fi that somehow hasn't really been dug into sufficiently yet along the same lines as the Twin Paradox [1]. We send out a colonization ship traveling at some relatively fixed acceleration rate that (from the perspective of those on the ship) will arrive at their uninhabited destination millions of light years away in about 40 years. Then thousands of years later (from the perspective of those on the planet) we make a breakthrough enabling us to develop ships with several times the acceleration, and send another ship to the same destination. The first ship we sent out may arrive only to discover that the planet is at a late stage of development having been colonized by the second ship of humans tens of thousands of years ago. I mean imagine landing and the humans on a planet are no longer even "human" in the sense that you knew - technological and biological evolution alike leaving you as a relic from the past. Though even for those who do not travel. Imagine yourself being one of the people on said planet. From your perspective, such relics of ancient past arriving and departing, would also be a regular occurrence. The entire idea of time starts to get really strange. Also the above is not entirely just theoretical. For instance the exact same phenomena that bends time every which way, also causes particles in particle accelerators, traveling at relativistic rates relative to their observers, to decay much slower than they would otherwise - which is pretty neat and handy! [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Twin_paradox How is it pretending? If we go back some time there might have been a parallel argument being made where one side was convinced that the solution to enable greater food stability and surplus was more farmers, and the other side was convinced that the solution was better technology. Neither side is really wrong, they just have different perspectives. Most problems can be solved in a practically infinite number of ways. Fear and logic can look the same from the outside when logic dictates caution. Do you "fear" fire? You understand it, and know what you can and cannot do with it. Yet your aversion to ever letting it exist outside of very tight controlled scenarios, and perhaps panic if you saw it spreading uncontrollably quickly, would look an awful lot like fear to somebody who didn't understand what fire was. I think the main difference is that fear is an emotional response. And this important because emotions can often misguide us are also easily exploited. For instance, racism is often a product of fear. People see some group of people engaging in crime at a higher rate than usual, and start to fear all people of this group as criminals even when that fear and prejudice is completely unjustified. And tyrants since time immemorial have used "fear the other group" as a rallying cry for self righteous horrible acts in the name of a better tomorrow that never comes. So in your examples is it primarily fear driving behaviors, or primarily logic/rationality? Here is the 'Paradox of Tolerance': >Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them.—In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be most unwise. >But we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols. >We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal. The one thing one may claim is that it is not immediately clear is what he means by intolerance or intolerant groups, yet he leaves little ambiguity in the second section above. I think there would by hypocrisy if you had the same people who supported censorship in the past now opposing it, though even then it begs the question of whether that is hypocrisy or simply an evolution of views. But as for parties, in the US there are, for all intents and purposes, only two parties. And as the views of society change, these parties change out of necessity. To give another example, as recently as 2004 [1] the majority of those within the "US left" to use your phrasing, opposed gay marriage, and as recently as 2012 leading "US left" politicians were publicly opposed to it. Then in a remarkably brief period of time LGBT rights (including marriage) become a fundamental cornerstone of the party's political identity. It's not really hypocrisy so much as the fact that in order to maintain electoral dominance, the parties need to adopt to society. They (the parties) can then do the mental gymnastics to rationalize on their platforms how big war and surveillance is small government, or how censorship is liberal, afterwards. And this isn't just a contemporary phenomena. Sometime from the mid 19th to early 20th century the parties swapped their positions on nearly everything. And this was entirely organic - it's not like the groups just made an official decision to nameswap. I could illustrate this with details, but it's much easier to just use an example. Abraham Lincoln was a republican, and every single confederate state was democrat. The transition from democrats becoming republicans and vice versa is something you can find plentiful hits online for if you're interested in more details. [1] - https://news.gallup.com/poll/350486/record-high-support-same... It's definitely not just the publishers. I think rackets like this work so effectively because bellies get buttered all the way down. At one class at my university (an early chem class) the author of the book was also the professor of the course. And each year it was a new version which didn't do a whole lot more than fix some typos, introduce some new ones to be fixed next year, and change (probably automatically through software) the problem sets. Then you'd be forced to buy new copies at full price from the campus book store. And at the end they'd then buy them back for you for a few dimes on the dollar so long as they were in "like-new" condition. And while I don't know what they did with them then I expect at that point they were sold to other universities at a discount for them to start the racket all over again with a set of now "like-new" text books. Really nobody has any motivation whatsoever to change the system besides the student. Though even there most students seemed frustrated but simultaneously pretty apathetic. Everybody of course realized it was a racket, but didn't really care to make too much of a fuss over it since endless loans and the like all make it feel somehow like the money involved is not really real. And, after all, in a decade or two we'd all be millionaires. It seems to me that chess rather exposes a common fallacy in games now a days. So many games in an effort to create "deep" systems somewhat intuitively turn to creating convoluted and complex systems of rules. But the problem is in so many cases once you understand the rules in play, it reveals the game itself to be little more than a deeply obfuscated roshambo. By contrast with chess you can learn every single rule in about 5 minutes, and then spend the remaining 80 years of your life exploring their depths. Complex != deep, simple != shallow. For some more chess candy, here [1] is a video of Magnus Carlsen, current world champion (and arguably the strongest player of all time), playing a bunch of exceptionally strong players in a 2.5 hour blitz (3 minutes for each side) session while also giving some exceptionally insightful commentary. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hjv1-14-SuU That's not even the half of it. It's not only building a record of who came in and out, but what they did, where they went, what or who they "engaged" with in the house, and arbitrarily more granular information. And the person visiting your house, on average, has no clue any of this is happening. I can speak from the chess world, as a coach. I used to believe there was really no such thing as talent largely based on my own experience as I started relatively late, don't consider myself talented, and reached a reasonably high level at the game. I kind of still do think there's no such thing as talent, but that comes with a bunch of asterisks. If you take two people and expose them to normal training regimens, different people will have different results - and frequently extremely different results. One could argue that the person who performed worse might have performed better if given exposure to a different regimen but in practice I find those that tend to overperform in one regimen tend to overperform in other regimens as well. The catch is that the outcome is largely predicted by how the student responds to the training itself. The person who finds it interesting and enjoyable is going to dramatically outperform compared to the person who may be highly motivated by an outcome (wanting to become a good player) but doesn't especially enjoy the process - tactical training, game analysis, etc. And so talent may not just be some innate ability at something but rather an innate preference, which is going to be the product of a million other things, for enjoying certain things. An amusing anecdote in the chess world came from retired World Champion Vladimir Kramnik. He recently casually remarked that now that he's retired he's spending less than 50% of his time with chess, as if as if he was just kicking back and neglecting the game by only dedicating 40% of his life to it. Obviously there are some genetic factors like the ability to visualize/concentrate/etc that people usually think they are talking about when referring to talent. But the role those play will only start to matter when people reach some level at least vaguely approaching their potential, but they'll never get anywhere near that level without the thousands of hours of work and training that they'll likely never complete without a love of that work itself. This is probably just a really long-winded way of repeating Thomas Edison, "Genius is 1% inspiration, 99% perspiration." The only catch is whether you have the capacity to put out that 99% perspiration. The Flynn effect has been observed to have reversed in a number of nations in Scandinavia and elsewhere. [1] Scandinavia is the typical test bed because of have compulsory military enlistment paired with IQ testing. And the declines are quite substantial with Norway seeing a 5 point decline between individuals born in 1991 compared to those born in 1975, and a 3 point decline compared to those born in 1962. Big meta studies may miss this because its a relatively new trend, and IQ is full of a million biases that can just generate noise when combined. When people are young, their IQ is significantly influenced by environmental factors, but as they age genetic factors become dominant. And in countries without some form of compulsory testing, sample biases abounds. As for the past gains, look at height! Height is reasonable proxy for nutrition and globally it's just skyrocketed [2]. Japan is one of the more extreme examples, with their average height increasing by about half a foot since 1896! [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flynn_effect#Possible_end_of_p... [2] - https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/average-height-of-men?tab... Imagine this [1] scene playing out during one of the various protest come riot movements in the US over the past years. That is John McCain giving a speech to the protesters in the capitol of Ukraine, telling them that America is with them and that Europe will make Ukraine better. And to be clear he was doing this while the democratically elected [pro-Russian] president was still securely in office and would be for months to come. I feel like we largely lack any perspective because so many of things that are happening are something so completely foreign to us that it's difficult to even realistically imagine it. Imagine if Russia formed a 'defensive' military alliance whose primary mission was to contain the US. And they then gave speeches, such as McCain's, in Mexico City shortly before a pro-US Mexican government was overthrown by an insurrection and replaced with a pro-Russian one. And then they now moved to integrate the new Mexico into their military alliance which would undoubtedly result in 'defensive' weapons, arms, soldiers, etc being placed right along the US border - possibly to the point of imperiling our credible nuclear deterrent. I would certainly agree that Ukraine is not just a US pawn and wants to decide it's own fate, and deserves that. But there's also no doubt that it's political present and future is instead repeatedly decided by outside actors. [1] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=93eyhO8VTdg I decided to run a binomial on it, because these sort of things can be quite counter-intuitive, and I was also curious! My only assumption was a lifetime of 80 years. And it turns out the magic rate to get a 40% criminal injury expectation (over a lifetime of 80 years) is if you're in an area with a violent crime rate of at least 6.4 crimes per 1000 people per year. The FBI gives [1] a national violent crime rate (in 2019) of 366.7 per 100,000, so 3.7 per 1000. However, in the 90s the violent crime rate peaked at 7.6 per 1000 [2] and wouldn't fall below 6.4 until 1996. So the conclusion is that his numbers seem pretty much spot on. Of course it's also somewhat misleading in another way though. Violent crime is not normally distributed and influenced heavily by demographics and location. Detroit has an aggravated assault rate (which is just one component of the criminal injury rate) of 15.2 per 1000 people, while Irvine, California has a rate of 0.2 per 1000 people. It's one of the many cases where the average doesn't really tell you anything at all about your own chances for an outcome. [1] - https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2019/crime-in-the-u.s.-... [2] - https://www.statista.com/statistics/191219/reported-violent-... If somebody resorts to the lowest common denominator, they become the lowest common denominator. You're starting at a local max as a baseline and then comparing after what happened from the sanctions of 2014 (after Crimea) paired with very low oil prices followed by the coronapocalypse when their economy was starting to kick back into gear. This [1] page shows the yearly drops more clearly. But I think most importantly is that as the US (and increasingly everywhere in the world) emphasizes, GDP/capita often is a poor measurement of how the people themselves are doing. Here [2] is a graph of the change in real wages [2]. That is better than most places in the EU and is continuing upward in spite of ever more sanctions. The big question is what impact the current wave of sanctions will have. And how that will jive with what may be persistently very high oil prices. [1] - https://tradingeconomics.com/russia/gdp [2] - https://tradingeconomics.com/russia/wages While I agree it's amazing and inspiring, I'd also emphasize that we have pictures [1] and even sounds [2] from the surface of Venus and it's 91 atmospheres of surface pressure alongside 900F degree surface temperature. Those are from 40+ years ago. 20 years before that, we'd never sent a single object into space. And so if you asked people from that time first consuming that media what they imagine the world (in terms of space) would look like 40 years later, us looking at somewhat higher resolution pictures from Mars would sound skeptical to the point of absurdity. [1] - https://www.planetary.org/articles/every-picture-from-venus-... [2] - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8jZDW53U8qQ As a fun factoid this is one of the few things that was intentionally fudged in "The Martian." Andy Weir was well aware that the most brutal sandstorm on Mars would feel like a slight breeze, but felt it was one of the more interesting ways to create a catastrophe. That in itself is really phenomenally encouraging for the future developments on the planet - when one of the things a hard sci-fi book has to resort to fiction on is the trigger for catastrophe! Look to the history of the world. Nearly every single awful tragedy in our world has been motivated by (from the perspective of the person doing such actions) good intentions. The grand utopia said villains had in mind when carrying out their misdeeds never came to pass, but the horrible actions done in the name of it most certainly did. You cannot predict the future; your actions will often have consequences far outside that which you intend. And there's an extremely good chance that what you intend to happen will never happen anyhow! This ultimately makes Machiavellianism somewhat of a non-starter. The ends cannot logically justify the means when you cannot even truly know what the ends ever will be. All you can be certain of is that we will experience the "means." Make the world as you would have others make it for you. The other choice is a siege. See the Siege of Sarajevo [1]. A dramatically numerically inferior force (by 5:1) laid siege to a numerically superior, but poorly equipped, force that was intermittently supported by the UN/NATO. It lasted just under 4 years, and ended in a stalemate and some absolute horror stories from survivors. And of course if a city under siege cannot get sufficient resources in and is not self sufficient (let alone while under siege), then a siege can end a conflict extremely quickly. [1] - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Siege_of_Sarajevo