I have to say that "graduated from MIT" is far more impressive to potential employers, investors and co-founders than is warranted, IMO. And I say this as an MIT grad. :) Being no dummy, I dig through my nightstand to find and wear my brass rat (MIT class ring) approximately once every 5 years, when I need a better shot at one of those things. Otherwise, no one I know cares, though half of our top technical leaders are from MIT. I also look at the recruiting efforts my current company (startup in early 200x, now decidedly not-startupy, public, and $500+K in annual revenue): we bias heavily towards "top" CS schools when doing college recruiting. We've gotten some absolutely fabulous candidates from "second tier" schools and we naturally recruit there every year, but if you come from MIT, you get a full 25% (estimated) better chance right from the start of the interview. For my own account (plural of anecdote not being data notwithstanding), despite being a pretty strong candidate, I strongly suspect that my current lot in life is based more than 50% on my attending (and not even spectacular results at) MIT, and as a result, I give heartily every time they call for alumni donations. Employers and founders: MIT isn't all that special. So called "second tier" schools also have some extremely capable potential employees, and individual talent, motivation and drive is FAR more important. High-school students: If you have the choice between MIT and $200K in debt and a state school with a full ride, and you're pretty sure you're going to work in engineering for 20 years, definitely go to MIT. Right or wrong, that name opens doors, and I believe I've done a lot more interesting and lucrative work than I'd have been able to do from the full ride I had offered to me at UMCP. As an MIT grad, I'm a lot less impressed with the brass rat than most people who are in a position to help shape your lot in life. If you're going to found 5 startups in the hopes that one will be a solid success, save the $200K and invest it in your startups. If you're going to go work for someone else, even just for a while, you'll have no problem paying off your student loans from MIT, or any other top school, IME. Sure it does, but if you're working hourly, you're still making the same total $, working the same hours, just over more projects. For me, while I do love coding, my side projects truly are a means to an end ($$ to put in a home theater, or take a trip, or do whatever else I want to do). Hidden in your question is the kernel of why fixed-bid is better when your skills (in terms of lower hours-expended for a finished-system) are better than your competition, and you can sell it. Now, all that said, I'm wrapping up a fixed-bid (~$25K) side project where scope creep is killing me on my (effective) hourly rate. It's still fun; I'm learning a lot about things I don't do in my "day job" and I'm almost certainly going to get more work from this client if I want it, but I made the mistake of bidding fixed-price with some assumptions about the scope that were ludicrously off. (My fault, not the client's, and I'm eating it. If the work weren't fun, it would be an extremely bitter taste...) I'm still in favor of the fixed-bid (as it makes the sales job much easier), but watch scope creep. One last important point: if you are bidding fixed because you are a great coder and a poor salesman, your lack of sales/negotiation skills may be an issue when the client thinks something was in scope and you think it's out of scope. If this is a possibility, figure out your strategy ahead of time, or you'll end up doing the feature "for free". I have to disagree with some of the thinking here. In my view, TIME is your most valuable resource, and anything that isn't a core competency you want to get out with as little investment of time as possible. TWO DAYS of hacking spent (squandered?) building your own phone system? Really? Unless you have significant staff, how can that be remotely a reasonable return vs just using cell phones? Many of the other suggestions are good ones, but don't get caught in the trap of "Just because I can do XXX which will save $Y, that I obviously should." If your core competency has something to do with phones, by all means hack away on your phone system. I'm not sure that's so clear. Suppose we say $200K is the "6 figure salary." That's getting paid for 6 years of work right now, and even if you have to put in 12 months at the acquirer to fully vest the $1.5mm, that's getting paid $1.7mm for a year of work (reckoning from this point forward). I'm not saying that's a slam-dunk deal, but it's a far cry better than 1/5th that amount... I doubt anyone will do jail time for this, if even any laws were broken. And if Porsche settles for the maximum 1 million Euro fine, that's not even 1/1000th of the profits they made on the backs of the shorts. It's not like their aspiration to takeover VW was any kind of a secret in either the auto or finance worlds. Frankly, I have no sympathy for market speculators who got reamed here by shorting VW. I do have some sympathy for people who were short the DAX index as a broad-based hedging strategy and got trapped by the leap in the DAX. Then again, "the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent" is a true today as it was 75 years ago. (I originally tried to keep this short. Epic fail.) I don't want to sound unsympathetic, as you seem to have an actual medical condition that's substantially impacting your life. At the same time, I want to point out a few things that really struck me reading your post, as I don't think mindless sympathy is the ideal approach to helping others. (Asperger's has its upside, too... :) ) "essentially told by HR that I was obligated to comeback full-time" BS! Indentured servitude has long ago been outlawed in the US, and while my company generally tries hard to get our good interns to come back full-time, HR doesn't phrase it as an obligation. "my girlfriend of 8 years (seriously, we had been together since we were 16) had just left me because I was exhausted and working all of the time" There's an awful lot of relationship "turbulence" in the mid-20s, and it's awfully hard to pin a breakup to a specific root cause, especially when it's fairly vague. "I'm actually afraid to get another job." Why? For a good coder, they're everywhere, easy to get, and pretty handy for paying the bills. There's an substantial chance that your prior employer is just a grind 'em up and spit 'em out crappy employer, though it's hard to say from only hearing your side. But if it really was "your employer's fault", then getting another one has a substantial chance of fixing a large part of what you are complaining about. (And if it was really "your fault" (see below), getting another one gets you that one step closer to figuring that out too, so that you can change that.) I'd offer a couple pieces of advice: 1. Take responsibility for choosing your own path. Don't let HR tell you you're obligated to come back. Don't work for crappy employers. 2. Don't "double down" on your limitations. Given that you have a legitimate medical condition, don't tie other aspects of your life to that condition. Don't blame a failed relationship on it, etc; otherwise, you're liable to fall into a victim mentality, which regardless of whether or not there is a true linkage, doesn't help you to make thoughtful choices in your life. 3. There are plenty of employers out there for good hackers, and I've worked with people with far more messed up sleep/work schedules than you, and I'd hire (some of) those people with nothing more than a phone call telling me they were available. If hacking is the one thing you love doing, do that. Going to academia, or anything other than hacking, is a cop-out. Go get another job hacking, and if that doesn't work out, go get another job hacking, and repeat until you find one that makes you mutually happy. If you get to 4 or 5 and find that you're still "0 for", then think about whether there are other root causes, and whether you bear more responsibility for some of your challenges than you are currently admitting to. You need more data. You came to HN asking for it. IMO, you really need more data about YOU and how YOU will handle your life responsibilities, and while you can ask HN how people here handle their lives, ultimately, it's going to be a lot more productive to find YOUR answers in YOUR mirror. "Worst kept secret" approximates "public information" at the limit. It took me less than two seconds to figure out how to use two companies to get to 100x, or three companies to get to 1000x, etc, etc. Thinking as a libertarian, the key is to eliminate the government prop for the losers. People involved get the implied government/judicial prop of bankruptcy protection if they need it, but otherwise, let them fail, let the failures cascade as they will, and get on with the healing/repair/rebuilding as soon as possible. Sure, I agree that it sucks that someone might have an employment agreement that suggests they are owed a stream of the future profits of a company in the form of a private pension, and if that company fails, they won't get that pension payment. So what? That's like me betting my buddy a billion dollars on a coin flip and then the winner trying to collect the bet from a third party (the government is nothing more than a series of third parties acting collectively). "But I had an agreement and I was counting on that money to live in retirement?" True, but not the problem of the taxpayers that you wagered your retirement on a poorly managed company, whether it's a bank, brokerage, or in the case of GM, a retiree health care and pension company that happens to build cars with a portion of its efforts. I was assuming that your measure of badness was "the more people who know this secret, the worse kept it is". By that measure, the limit of a poorly kept secret is exactly public information. I'm having a hard time coming up with any other continuous measure of "badness" of secret keeping. I couldn't come up with a way to express a parallel with being the best darn turd polisher out there without it sounding like a personal attack on you, not a commentary on how you should be more aware of the seriously uphill battle you face. I honestly think that folding and moving onto a better hand/idea is the move here. If you want to run the site as a learning exercise, you can probably use ads or affiliate referrals to actual cash-game sites as a source of paying for hosting, and there might be enough leftover for a WSOP super-satellite entry fee. I think trying to figure out what will make your "free poker social networking site" take on a Facebook type trajectory as opposed to the 99 other couldabeen-Facebooks is not a +EV play. You should definitely look into twoplustwo.com's forums and business model, but they've already got a pretty good lock on the poker-theory discussion and a well-established community. I re-read my comment pretty carefully and I'm still not sure how the principle of "don't create new government guarantees to back failed private enterprise obligations" has become "we shouldn't have any government regulation of public safety issues" in your mind. For the record, I do "accept that sometime, somewhere laissez faire markets may produce a situation where a good chunk of society is undernourished." I think that it's the pro-welfarists and socialists that seem to have a problem accepting that. To me, wanting minimal government interference in private choices is purely a matter of practicality, not one of morality. I'd prefer that the government not be a nanny to the entire population, constantly at the ready to wipe the nose and dry the tears of anyone who gets hurt. I do agree that if the government is going to serve that purpose, then they'll pretty much have to take away the rewards for good choices, as both a disincentive to take large risks and equally importantly, because it's going to be damned expensive to prop up everyone who chose poorly, someone's got to pay for it, and only those who chose well can afford it. We're pretty far afield of hacker news at this point, and I suspect we understand each other views at a gross level and simply disagree on where the optimal point for a society's government to strive for is located. If it's any consolation, despite having made good choices, I have no say or sway in the matter and that people who think more like you are in power and are determined to wipe the noses that "need" wiped and dry the abundant damp eyes, so you'll get your way anyhow... One example answer is that if your gross margin is anything under 10%, you shouldn't spend $100m in advertising for $1mm in marginal revenue. Doesn't happen often in software, of course. You could also do $5 for 3 months, no auto-renewal. Let's say your gross margin is 9%. You spend $100K in advertising. You get an additional $1000K in revenue, on which you make a 9% profit. You bank $90K profit from this. You're $10K worse off for having done that advertising. Here's a related question: I'll posit that there is a higher density of "very desirable" top-notch hackers being thrown into the job market than at any other time in my 15-year career. You know the people: the ones that rarely hit the normal job market because with one or two emails, they can line up their next gig in an afternoon throught their network or friends-of-friends. For those of us who are hiring, what strategies can we use to ensure that we in-person interview more of those candidates (with whom we can generally sell them) and spend less time on the "perma job seekers" that seem to form the bulk of the job applicant population. I don't mean to sound overly elitist, but if I've only got 1 spot open, I want to take a shot at selling the very best candidates, and spend as little time interviewing the also-rans as possible. (This is in regards to professional hires; our college-level recruiting program is in good shape, and there's less change from last year there than in the landscape for professional hires) Followup question: How do I know I have "one of these people" such that I can not waste their time with phone interviews, etc? Letting in a lot of chaff in hopes of not turning away wheat is not scalable, and if I already knew who the good ones were without phone screening them, I could probably cut down on the interviewing as well. I'll grant you that true networked hires may have earned a skip-the-phone stage, though I'd still rather answer THEIR questions on the phone than find a no-fit after 3 hours in-office. Be able to move fast is always good advice though! 10 years ago and for a different company (in the computer game industry), we used a two question test (in C): 1. Write hex2int (without using any stdlib functions, such as strtoul(s,null, 16) for example. :) ) 2. Delete a node from a singly-linked list. Personally, I found a VERY strong correlation between what we wanted in a game developer and their answer to #1. #2 I didn't find all that valuable, other than to weed out people who'd never taken any algorithm/data structure coursework. For that company, and those roles, it worked very well, because there's a correlation between bit twiddling, pointer operations, and knowing whether someone "gets" pointers and their job performance. That's not the case in most jobs, nor in most modern languages. (Who cares if you "get" pointers if your language doesn't have them?) My current company asks on from a set of some fairly basic questions on the phone screen, and we pretty much grade the whole phone screen "pass/fail" (interview/thank you for your time). I can't say they work quite as well, but we're also looking significantly "up market" from what the game company needed. My idealized criteria: For professional hires: keep it short, but not so basic as to be insulting. For college hires: keep it short, and probably basic. For all in-person/whiteboard exercises: ignore error checking, exceptional conditions, etc. It's just too much effort to go through in that format. Best coding test I ever took was for Accolade, who sent a zip file of source code for a very simple game (fly an airplane across a 2D map with mountains) and asked you to write "AI" (in the game sense, not the compsci sense) for the player. You had an evening and mailed them back a zip file with your code included. That was fun to do, and I suspect gave them fairly fine-grained insight into how good a coder you were, as there's "working", "optimal" and "elegant" dimensions into which various solutions bucket themselves. I used sedo.com, and was completely satisified for my one transaction with them. There's a quite legitimate reason to use exploding offers (beyond the implied "bad" reasons Joel cites): to ensure that companies get exactly the number of college hires that they want. If you've got budget for "no more than 20" and a real desire to hit 20 on the dot, then it's entirely rational (and I think reasonable) to extend exploding offers to your top 30 candidates, and then as the prior offers expire or are turned down, to extend offers to the "waitlist". It's not particularly different from the college admissions process, or a season ticket renewal process, daycare/pre-school admissions waitlisting, or any other means of efficiently allocating limited resources over a period of time, and is certainly not inherently evil. That's one legitimate viewpoint, but on the flipside, realize that I truly believe I work for (and represent) a fantastic employer, and that everyone on the waitlist who needlessly ends up working someplace else in the parallel universe, in which we didn't use exploding offers, has been "harmed" by that outcome. IMO, it's not just about treating your first choice potential employee as a person, but about treating your last choice potential employee as a person too. Amusing the order you chose. If you really love coding (and are good at it), you should never have to work(+) a day in your life. +-Sure, you'll have to write code, but for me that's an enjoyable play/hobby activity that companies are all too happy to pay me all too much for. "Work" in the preceding PP is something that you don't like doing and would only do in exchange for money. Find the right role in the right company, and you could easily have your "office hobby" that you use to pay the bills for your other hobbies and leisure time. Over the years, I'd say that I've been paid on average 4x what it would actually have required to secure my services, and the minimum amount is really driven by what it would cost me to eat, drink, sleep and be merry. (It turns out however, that that "surplus" 3x has made my life considerably more comfortable and, in some areas, extravagant. I hope my boss doesn't read this until after he's decided on my raise and bonus for the year. ;) ) zephyr -i help at MIT had almost exactly the opposite problem: people were charged up/competing to be the first one to provide the correct answer. It worked shockingly well, as a consumer and it was fun to kill some time as a supplier of answers. (My time at MIT all pre-dates the interwebs, so I can't directly compare/contrast it to a world with Google as an option.) "Sorry honey, I was thinking very intently about the deep thought you just shared, and my brain just needed some additional cooling." Get out of jail free...