Bugzilla is pretty nice. Blogs? Nobody. I pay to read the authors that I'm willing to pay for, when I buy their books. Out of the OP's list, I've bought books by Steve McConnell, Paul Graham, Ted Neward and Joel Spolsky. A nice, basic, simple (but not easy ) way is this: a. cut the gratuitously bad stuff out of your diet. Drop sodas, chips, candy, etc. If you eat fast food, get a grilled chicken sandwich and a salad instead of a double cheeseburger and fries. B. add some exercise. It doesn't have to be a lot, but what has worked well for me over the years is walking on a treadmill, and gradually upping the incline to increase the resistance as my conditioning improves; and/or increasing my speed or adding time to my sessions. You'd be amazed how much weight you can lose if you walk on a treadmill for an hour at 3.5 MPH, with the incline set all the way up, 4-5 times a week. Just be patient. Trying to lose more than 2 lbs a week is probably not a good idea, and it takes some fairly hard work (see above) to lose even 2 lbs a week. That is bloody brilliant! Love it... Most job ads I see say "Bachelors degree or equivalent experience " In those cases, definitely apply even without a degree. And even if they don't, apply anyway. A lot of time stuff gets put in job descriptions by copy & paste, or because it's common, not because it's an actual requirement. Yeah, HR might filter you out for not having a degree in some cases, but you'll get past them to the hiring manager in other cases, then you have a chance to sell yourself. 1. programming.reddit.com, Slashdot, Hacker News (Honorable mention: java.net, theserverside.com and freshmeat.net) 2. my personal library, Borders, Barnes & Noble 3. Sluggy Freelance, User Friendly, Dilbert (Honorable Mention: BOFH ) 4. TriJUG Mail List, TriLUG Mail List, saloon.javaranch.com TC demands to go first, eh? Feh... remind me to not submit anything to TC then. That's just pathetic. Mashable or CenterNetworks or any (and all) of a bazillion other blogs cover the same space to varying degrees anyway. Gen-X according to those ranges (born in 1973) but I disagree with at least some details of these definitions, if not the entire premise behind labeling "generations." For example, the Gen-X stereotype would be some lazy, self-centered kid listening to 90's grunge music, while blaming his parents generation for fucking up the world, while wearing a flannel shirt and ridiculously long sideburns. I feel pretty much nothing in common with that stereotype, fucking hate grunge music, and am far more interested in how we (my "generation" or whoever) can change the world, than in assigning blame to others. I find that it depends on what mood I'm in and what I'm trying to do. Sometimes I like metal when coding, sometimes trance or europop type stuff, and sometimes classical. And there are plenty of times when silence is best. Now excuse me while I put on some Armored Saint... On FreeNode, I auto join these channels when I bother to start my IRC client, which may or may not happen any given day. #trilug (Triangle Linux User's Group) #trijug (Triangle Java User's Group) #trilug-mtb (people in trilug who ride MTBs) #fedora #centos #asterisk #centos #openmoko #java #eclipse #spring #jboss #hibernate #ruby #erlang #prolog #lisp #ai #swig #machinelearning #openqabal OpenOffice Calc. One nice thing about OOo is that you can write scripts / extensions in pretty much any language you feel comfortable with. I think I've seen some reference to some integration between R and Calc as well, which would make Calc incredibly powerful for statistical analysis. And they're not the only ones: https://openqabal.dev.java.net/ (disclaimer: OpenQabal is a project I started). I'm pretty sure there are a few other projects out there as well, doing more or less the same thing(s). If everybody working on one of these projects could get in sync, and agree to common protocols and formats, so that they could all interoperate, it would make it that much more likely for the federated / decentralized approach to catch on. I'm not sure it'll happen though. Nobody seems to really be talking about it (yet). I agree with what a number of others have said here: Java isn't ideal for front-end web stuff, but it still has a lot of uses for low level data processing and back-end work. Also, the JVM is a great platform, and you can target it with any number of languages: Groovy, Clojure, Scala, Nice, JRuby, Jython, etc. Personally I'm using Groovy on Grails for the web front-end part(s) of my current project, and even using Groovy for some of the "backend'ish" parts just to get through the initial prototype. Grails and Groovy are amazing in terms of developer speed - compared to Java anyway. But since it's all still on the JVM, I can just drop in existing Java libraries and - if, or when - I need to, it'll be fairly easy to transition bits to Java. For my money, it's the best of both worlds at the moment. Then again, the stuff I'm doing is somewhat "enterprisey" so being on the JVM will probably actually be a selling point down the road. > Another aspect is that many cool new things are happening > in languages other than Java - they have more interesting > tools (eg. Sinatra), and more interesting energy in the > community, because they attract those crazy, eager, > young, passionate, enthusiastic early adopters. Of all the comparisons I've heard, this is one I'd say I'm dubious about. There is still a LOT of activity in the Java space, and lots of cool and interesting tools and libraries continue to be written in Java. Off the top of my head, I'd mention Lucene, Hadoop, Weka, Mahout, Tika, HornetQ, UIMA, GATE, Camel, Jackrabbit, DERI Pipes, etc., etc. This isn't too say that other languages don't also have lots of activity in tools and libraries and frameworks, but I think Java is still in pretty solid shape in this regard. Yeah, but they're all being actively developed, so I'm not sure how much it matters when the project was originated. And that was just "off the cuff" of stuff I use or am interested in. There's other stuff out there as well. Anyway, I'm not arguing that Java is the most active in this regard, just that this particular criticism - of all the ones one could level - is, in my humble opinion, relatively weak. Well, Groovy has been around longer than Clojure, IIRC, and maybe longer than Scala, or about as long. So I'd guess that quite a few Java people who were interested in alternatives got exposed to Groovy before Scala and Clojure started gaining traction. And since there are only so many hours in the day... at some point you have to start building stuff instead of just learning new languages. Also, Groovy's syntax is very Java like. In fact, Groovy is pretty close to a superset of Java, so you can often - if not always - rename a .java file to .groovy, and compile it with groovyc and run it. This makes it easy to leverage your existing knowledge of Java, while slowly working in the idiomatic Groovy. All of that said, I personally plan to learn both Scala and Clojure as well; and will probably take my Scala book to the Triangle JVM Hack Night meeting tomorrow night and spend a couple of hours poking at Scala. > The sourceforge project was registered on the 15th of may, this is not a project that has been in > mainstream development for two years. It may have been in development for two years but not with the > kind of push behind it that you need for a successful launch of a web application. Not sure what it matters how long it's been in development. If he's worked X years and gotten N amount of work done, he's still N amount of work ahead of where he'd be if he just started today, or the same day as the Diaspora guys. If that work amounts to anything, it could be a considerable advantage, if he does get some attention and gets some other people onboard. If not, he's still no worse off than if he hadn't done anything and decided to launch a new decentralized social network project today. > It looks like someone's pet project that did not gain much traction that they're trying to breathe > new life in. Yeah, I know the feeling. I started a project with similar goals a while back ( https://openqabal.dev.java.net ) but got distracted and didn't get very far with it. Now I've changed the focus of my project to something different and am restarting development, but it's kinda moved away from the Diaspora / decentralized social network thing. That said, I do think that everybody working on a decentralized social network (or any social network, really) should get together (virtually anyway) and collaborate on the underlying protocols and techniques for federation. No reason one shouldn't be able to run a Diaspora server and exchange data with a site running a $WHATEVER server (allowing for privacy restrictions, etc., which kinda kick-started this whole discussion). > Open letters are good for joe public to reach the town mayor or Ty Coon when all other avenues of trying to reach them have been exhausted. > They're not exactly the best avenue to contact the people that run a competing open source project about a possible collaboration. Agreed. > I think it matters how long they've been at it because that is how they describe other projects, as having 'too little steam' behind them. I can't really tell the difference between those other projects with too little steam behind them and this one. Well, "steam" in this regard can - IMO - come and go. You can start a project, do little or nothing to publicize it, tinker on it for a while, drop it, then restart it and you haven't really lost anything... if you step in two years later and start working on the project, committing code, doing releases, and publicizing it, I don't know that anybody will care about the "lost years." Or maybe I'm wrong, who knows? For all practical purposes, no. The last time I played any sort of computer game regularly was back in the dial-up BBS days of the mid 90's, when I played door games like Legend Of The Red Dragon fairly often. These days, I might logon to a MUD and poke around for a few minutes, or fire up adventure and play a little while, once every blue moon or so. But that's about it. That's hardly a "picking apart." He basically says "Yeah, your one example, which was basically a metaphor anyway, well, it's actually true, but well, it's not as neat as you think it is." Ok, and? Depends on if he's met Ray Kurzweil or not. From a sci-fi perspective, William Gibson writes some good stuff. Spook Country has some interesting ideas around geo-location, wireless connectivity and augmented reality. Actually, any of the cyberpunk authors might potentially be of interest to you. Outside of that, there's Ray Kurzweil... and J. Storrs Hall has written a couple of good books on nanotech and AI. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/J._Storrs_Hall Well, the "Unix Philosophy" is a big part of what is widely regarded as "hacker culture" so you might give this a look: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unix_philosophy There's also the "Hacker Ethic" to look at: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker_ethic And his stuff doesn't necessarily have a name, but Eric Raymond's writings have been pretty influential to a lot of hackers. http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/ There's a pile of great AI/ML content up on Youtube as well. IIT has posted two cool AI series that HN'ers might like. See: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLbMPyrw4rw&feature=PlayL... and/or http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fV2k2ivttL0&feature=PlayL... I'm going through the "Behind The Wheel" series on Spanish now, and it's been interesting so far. I'm far from fluent in Spanish, but I've definitely learned a lot. One thing though... if you try to learn a foreign language, it helps a LOT if you have somebody to talk to - who is already fluent (preferably a native speaker). Without somebody to talk to, it's hard to really know how well you're doing.