I would prefer a method that satisfies the Condorcet criterion (that a candidate who would win in a two way election against any other candidate wins, if such a candidate exists). Approval voting does tend to approximate this, if accurate polling data exists and voters are aware of that data and vote strategically, but I would prefer not to rely on that. > Java was the first strongly-typed language Is that supposed to be a joke? Java isn't remotely close to being the first strongly-typed or even the first statically-typed language. The trillion dollar coin wasn't supposed to deal with US debt, it was a trick to get around the debt cap rule that Congress imposed on the government. If they actually spent the trillion dollar coin, that would likely cause devaluation of the dollar; as long as the coin remains locked up in the treasury it's just an accounting trick to get around their own arbitrary rule and wouldn't cause devaluation, because everyone buying dollars knows it's just a stupid accounting trick and not actual money. I would be fine with them getting green cards and letting them compete on the same terms as I do. I'm not fine competing with someone that gets deported if they get fired and don't find someone else to sponsor their visa. H-1Bs give employers too much power over the employees. I think it's just because of well-known blog posts[1][2]. I don't think it's a particularly common question for interviewers to ask here either. [1] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/why-cant-programmer... [2] http://www.codinghorror.com/blog/2007/02/fizzbuzz-the-progra... In addition to not being able to delete the last node, it also invalidates any pointers to the node after the one you're deleting. Other people have discussed the speed, but one aspect of performance that people often ignore is memory usage. In C# (or at least the most common implementation), there is a per object overhead of at least 8 bytes on 32-bit platforms and 16 bytes on 64-bit platforms. C++ implementations typically have no overhead for objects without virtual functions and 4 or 8 bytes of overhead for objects with virtual functions. This means that a program written in C++ could potentially use a much lower amount of memory than one written in C#. You'll just have to learn to do one of the encodings in your head. I've experienced the opposite but that might be because I'm looking at software development jobs. Most of the mega-corps and the medium-large companies that do software development actively recruit new grads while the small companies are only looking for experienced people. The problem with that question is that there isn't really any answer to it. It basically just ends up being that at some point someone made an arbitrary decision to do something that way and a bunch of other people copied them. I assumed it's aimed at those of us who know better, but are too lazy to actually verify signatures. If I'm using my own computer with Thunderbird and Enigmail set up, it checks them automatically for me, but if I'm checking my email from somewhere else through a web client, I'm guilty of assuming that signatures are valid without checking them. That might help but being legal doesn't completely stop cartels. Oil is legal and yet OPEC still exists. Two words: sex robots. Don't they already do this? I don't know much about marketing, but I was under the impression that pretty much any large company would have guidelines about what overall message they want to convey in any public communications. Just that picture of their office alone would put me off from ever working there. The level of distractions must be horrible. I have never seen a web site require me to explicitly agree to something like that. There is certainly no implicit agreement that I must view any content they happen to send me. A key difference is that the slaves didn't have a choice about which bids to accepts, they just went to the highest bidder, nor did they keep the proceeds. With this, they aren't really bids in the strictest sense, they're non-binding offers of an interview. > Does this mean that DeveloperAuction will only accept developers residing in these specific cities? They probably only accept developers who want to work in one of those specific areas. Those are probably the only cities where they have connections with enough companies to get bids. The whole thing would be pointless if no one was bidding. I would imagine that if they are successful, they will expand to other areas. This isn't a big problem for Google because they are mostly focused on a tightly controlled server environment where they control everything and created most of the software themselves. For general purpose use, this is a huge deficiency in Go. First of all, that's the terms of service that you agree to when signing up for an account. If you don't sign up for an account, you haven't agreed to that. Additionally, you left out this from your quote "(except as provided in Section 2.3 of these Terms of Service)". Section 2.3 says "You may download or copy the Content and other downloadable items displayed on the Services for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained therein". All an adblocker does is download some of the content and decline to download some of the downloadable items. That's permissible under Section 2.3. I think a lot of the backlash comes from a misunderstanding of how this affects prior art. The name "first-to-file" makes it seem like you can take some invention that has been published but not patented, and patent it, preventing the actual inventor from using the invention. That is not the case. Only the inventor is allowed to file a patent. Under a first-to-file system, anything that has been made public can still be used as prior art to invalidate a patent. ~ is similar to std::unique_ptr in C++. It is always owned in one place, but that ownership can be transferred at will. It wouldn't always be that clear cut. His employer's policy might be something like "outside projects are allowed as long as you don't use knowledge that you gained from working there". That could easily be interpreted more broadly than it was intended. He could interpret it as "I learned Javascript while working there, so I can't release a project in Javascript" or something like that, when they really intended it to prevent use of non-publicly available information related to their business. Obviously, Apple has him managing a fake team until they're sure they can trust him. > If you're using Chrome, guess who started Webkit? The developers of KDE. Webkit comes from a fork of KHTML, the engine used for Konqueror. Apple came to the picture 3 years later.