http://www.scribd.com/doc/92111472 I'll just leave this here, PDF version for anyone who doesn't want to mess with the webpage reformatting. http://www.scribd.com/doc/92111472 I'll just leave this here, PDF version for anyone who doesn't want to mess with the webpage reformatting. Doesn't work for me in Chrome 18.0.1025.168 m edit: on Win7 Professional They had planned the IOC's route through the city and had GPS in the cars with them so I doubt the tracking was automated. And England seems semifamous for it's intense use of CCTV systems, on the traffic side larger US cities with advanced traffic control systems have cameras at most (major) intersections. Could also be chromatic aberrations too from poorly coated lenses. Edit1: Check out the edges of the world. Wonder what the issue there is? Jobs took existing concepts from the Xerox concept PC (with the GUI) and shrunk the price and hardware (in the Apple II). There were personal computers before Jobs, he brought together a lot of things which made it a commercial success. In many ways he's much like Gutenburg, he took a group of existing technologies and concepts and brought them together in a working mixture. I know this isn't definitive but at least the jury ruled fair use in the GoogleOracle case. This is why you buy Thinkpads. They've got a great warranty system, post the whole maintenance manual online, and don't void the whole warranty for single item changes (basically you change a hardware subsystem and you can't get warranty on that bit but the whole bit is still eligible) Maybe it's just for minor changes, simple user upgrades instead of huge replacements like the screen? shrug I've never had to warranty my Thinkpad anyways thanks to them being tanks. Anecdotal evidence is anecdotal I know, but I've had no issues with my laptop SSD, an Intel 320 Series iirc. At first I was really worried, which drove me to backup properly for the first time, but almost a year in I've had no issues with it at all. Just a question, did you take the swap partition off the SSD? That's one of the main tips I've seen in improving SSD life-spans. I agree, platform consistency is more better for your app than following something which is theoretically better. I'd be reticent to change the Ok -> Cancel order without some harder evidence than this. "More better"? Jesus I should proof a bit... What 3rd party app ecosystem? Honestly I've never used anything outside the netflix.com client. Ahh those, never needed a queue manager cause I'm streaming only. They never seemed particularly useful. Ok, so those are actually useful. Though it looks like Abetterqueue and instantwatcher will still be allowed under the new API rules. Ahh didn't look too hard at the app, my mistake. There's a difference between protecting a buggy alpha, which he probably didn't realize (or maybe wouldn't be) company property, and intentionally making an artificially weaker program in order to ensure your job security. SpiderOak perhaps? I haven't used it heavily my self but it seems to cover at least the encryption requirements the author puts forward. That only works so long as the rules given to the filtering program are accurate and feasible, and if a single failed requirement DNE complete rejection. Management drawing completely overboard reqs for the filter means the filter becomes meaningless. Check this reply: http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=4347383 Basically it wasn't an ATM but a Nightly Drop box that allowed them to declare the amount of money they were depositing. The thing with doing that it it requires the person signing the check to have a /single/ extremely consistent signature. Personally my signature changes a lot depending on the pen I'm using or even how quickly I go. And I doubt I'm the only one. The fees for the person carrying the cards aren't bad but the processing companies, at least here in the US, probably in the EU too since they're all basically the same companies, charge quite a hefty fee on the business end. In short? The companies and their lawyers. Litigation is becoming more about hampering your competition and protecting yourself than it is about consumers and things which are 'wrong.' I was wondering what the author was going on about until I remembered Ad-block. It's still a very clean interface and the distinction between ads and search results is pretty clear. Doing a quick informal search, the terms that the author chose seems to be a large outlier in terms of numbers of ads.