If true, it is bad news. The non-public markets are by and large only open to 'qualified investors', which in practice means those that are quite wealthy. The single best investment strategy ever devised is diversification. The more of the economy closed to the general public, the less they can diversify, and the worse their risk adjusted returns. The recommended k-12 textbook replacement cycle is generally six years. Of course, there is damage and loss that has to be taken into account, but districts generally try to stretch their purchases out at least that long. I believe google still hasn't pulled h264 support from chrome despite announcing they would do so quite a few versions back. The online students aren't getting the most valuable part of the entire thing - a diploma with the name "Stanford" on it. Yes computer programming is a young profession that isn't as hidebound as many others, but it is maturing and as is true for most other professions, soon proxies will dominate hiring. GTMO interrogator? The weekend is the MTA's Achilles heel. You are much better off at 3AM on a Tuesday than Noon Saturday. At least in the outer boros, they try and keep the lines in Manhatten south of 110 at least vaguely useable. I don't know what the solution is though, they have to do maintenance and upgrades sometime or other. They are doing a dual class offering. The class B shares (i.e. those held by Zuckerberg and other insiders) are going to have ten times the voting rights as the class A shares. I wouldn't by into such an ownership structure, though to be fair, google has such a structure and those that bought that at IPO have done very well so far. From the risks section: As a result of voting agreements with certain stockholders, together with the shares he holds, Mark Zuckerberg, our founder, Chairman, and CEO, will be able to exercise voting rights with respect to an aggregate of XX shares of common stock, representing a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock following our initial public offering. As a result, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, Mr. Zuckerberg has the ability to control the management and affairs of our company as a result of his position as our CEO and his ability to control the election of our directors. Additionally, in the event that Mr. Zuckerberg controls our company at the time of his death, control may be transferred to a person or entity that he designates as his successor. As a board member and officer, Mr. Zuckerberg owes a fiduciary duty to our stockholders and must act in good faith in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of our stockholders. As a stockholder, even a controlling stockholder, Mr. Zuckerberg is entitled to vote his shares, and shares over which he has voting control as a result of voting agreements, in his own interests, which may not always be in the interests of our stockholders generally. Stewart Baker blogs at http://volokh.com/author/stewart/ . Although I don't always agree with him, he is often quite thought provoking. Although this is perhaps an ill timed suggestion given that it is verisign in the news, I have long thought that DNSSEC would serve as a good mechanism for distributing public keys. Perhaps in conjunction rather than opposition to the current CA system. PowerShell (Windows' shell as of 7) is actually really nice, but it doesn't make any attempt at all to ease the transition to and from *nix shells. The professor in question is a law professor, specifically he deals with securities law. Nitpicky detail are what that area of law is all about! A newly minted securities lawyer will spend his first few years proofing corporate filings (e.g. an offering document) for the tiniest of mistakes, some of which could cost the client millions of dollars if not found. While it might not be the greatest tactic for professors in general, it is a great idea for this particular professor. No in many US universities rigorous calculus proofs are saved for a class called something like Real Analysis which is typically take as the 4th or 5th class for a math major. Compare e.g. Transcendental functions, techniques and applications of integration, indeterminate forms, improper integrals, infinite series. with Algebraic and topological structure of the real number system; rigorous development of one-variable calculus including continuous, differentiable, and Riemann integrable functions and the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus; uniform convergence of a sequence of functions; contributions of Newton, Leibniz, Cauchy, Riemann, and Weierstrass. Those analytical skills stand very well on thier own without the need for further study to justify them. Calculus and mechanics are part of a well rounded education in the same way as Shakespeare's principle tragedies, or an understanding of the causes and consequences of WWI are. The fact that these building blocks of knowledge are going to be available in the near future for free to anyone with an internet connection is a modern wonder of the world. The author of this piece apparently isn't familiar with the correct usage of the term corporatism. It has very little do with with promoting business interests. Rather it is a political philosophy that spawned, among other movements, Italian fascism. Such ignorance is particularly appalling given that the author couches his analysis in a sociological framework. Edit: Even worse, the author is listed as a graduate student in sociology. How embarrassing for the University of Maryland. It is as legitimate as the repurposing the term objectivism for Ayn Rand's puerile rants. In other words something one might well expect from a position of ignorance but disappointing from someone who at least ought to know better. English is ambigious enough already without intentional misuse, particularly from would be scholars! I like GWT as well, but its development history makes me a bit nervous about its future. It is open source, but doesn't have a developer ecosystem outside of google employees (in fact they outright state that no one else can be a committer). That in itself wouldn't be the end of the world, but unfortunately google has a) reduced resources devoted to GWT dramatically in the last year or so (many team members were reassigned to the dart project), and b) has a history rapidly changing 'paradigms' and semi-abandoning the code and documentation for the old way of doing things. There are a bunch of really expensive, really useful, 3rd party libraries for financial modeling that are written in C++. A great many languages have support for calling external code, but debugging the interaction tends to be more trouble than it is worth. I realize we are in a bubble, but trust me bubbles don't last forever. You need to think longer term. Ask anyone that was working in tech circa 2002. The questions you should be asking are: -How is the pay? What are the benefits like? What are the expectations for hours? -Does my future boss seem like a person I can get along with? What about my co-workers? -Does the company have a business model that makes sense (i.e. will their checks eventually start bouncing)? -Am I going to be working with technologies that are in widespread enough use that I can get another job even after the bubble bursts (hint: you want technologies that are in use in "boring" corporate settings as well as start-ups)? All of these are far, far more important than if they give you a fancy chair or MacBook Pros; whether they use SCRUM or XP; svn instead of git; etc. Live by the sword, die by the sword. The Water Club on the East Side and whatever they are calling that restaurant in Central Park these days, have a light that they turn on away from the restaurant proper where it is more visible to the road signaling that a patron needs a taxi. Less usefully, but along the same lines you still see doorman blowing whistles to try and get taxis to come down a side street. I'm not sure how this translates into a solution for your problem, but I think you need to consider some hybrid meatspace / internet mechanism. To any AppEngine developers who might see this: Please, please roll out SSL on custom domains already. It's been just around the corner for years! The interminable private beta is offering SNI based SSL for $10/month and IP based SSL for $100/month. FTA: For example, rather than just telling a customer how many visitors came to their site from Twitter, Mixpanel can show how many visitors came in from Twitter, broken down by country, and limited to those were between the ages of 10 and 13. I don't want to know for certain that I have any users under the age of 13. I don't even want to provably have the capability of knowing. There are serious implications under COPPA if you have such knowledge. Without it, you instead fall under the "directed at children" prong of the test which is far easier to avoid. It will depend on how much effort google puts into making really great libraries, frameworks and tools for the language. There are starting from way behind, because javascript has a wide range of good libraries, several decent frameworks and a few okay tools. Dart has virtually nothing. Google's thousands of really great developers, could build out a first rate, albeit single party, ecosystem. It remains to be seen if they will. Early PHP is exactly what came to mind when I read the description. Nothing new under the sun.