I don't think it should be about blame at all. It's about identifying causes, so you can fix stuff and prevent it from happening again. You can't blame any individual black or white person for what happened, unless he was personally involved in it. But you can identify what happened in specific communities and sub-communities in order to understand the processes at work. If you don't want to do that because some communities happen to be dominated by certain skin colors, you'll never understand exactly what happened. And let's face it, in the US, skin color matters. It might not be right, but for cultural and social reasons, many people do tend to hang out with people of the same skin color, however silly that may be. I love these kind of projects. We desperately need independence from the Visa/Mastercard monopoly over international transactions. I very much like the 0-click results from DuckDuckGo. But if you want something else, Qwant ( http://www.qwant.com/ ) has something similar. (Possibly even better; I haven't compared it yet.) I don't think it's reading the books that people object to; it's giving money to someone who may use it to campaign against basic human rights. Linux was never intended to be truly innovative. It was intended to be a free/open unix. There was a strong demand for an open source unix that could be expanded upon, and there was none, until Linus released linux. There was minix, which was a lot more innovative (microkernel), but Tanenbaum wanted to keep it strictly for educational purposes, simple and easy, and didn't want to turn it into a big system with all the bells and whistles that linux got. Had FreeBSD been released earlier, that might have had the position that linux has now. Sounds prone to crashes. This is not a modern lens. People back then also called it bad. I remember when Windows 95 was released, people mockingly called it MacOS 89, RiscOS 88, or AmigaOS 85. The line between really great and really creepy is very thin here. Yes, I too would vastly prefer working in a diverse work environment that includes women, over working in a place that doesn't hire women on principle, or does hire them, but they quickly flee. But I would not want to work in a place that treats women as a commodity, or tries to attract male programmers with them. It's a matter of attitude, and that attitude does show in the way you present this as a perk. They can't outright refuse to handle DMCA requests, but they can stop automated handling of such requests. If I understand correctly, big content holders get special tools they can use to remove infringing content from some Google services (YouTube at least; not sure about search results). If they abuse that special access, Google can take away these privileges and double check everything manually. That takes a lot of time, and means that the infringing content will remain accessible for a longer time. Ah, but didn't the US also pioneer secret trade agreements? I can see FB and Google splitting into a US-based main company and an EU-based subsidiary. EU users will be handled by the EU company and US users by the US company. Exactly. Friendly communities attract more people. Linus gets away with it because there's tons of people who want to work on his projects, and he can afford to alienate some talent. Others don't have that luxury. I've heard of plenty of people who prefer one language over another because of the nicer community. Eventually that should mean that projects with friendly communities are more successful. I thought it was about coke, which is normally white, as far as I know. (No personal experience.) I always thought the fear of Lyme was exaggerated (though I'd learned to remove ticks carefully). But this spring, a niece got a really bad case of Lyme. Spent a long time in the hospital, and is still recovering. I don't know all the medical details, but I suspect she'll have to learn to live with aching joints for the rest of her life, which is hopefully a long time; she's 8. The people need a third party to switch to. The current two-party system leads to a serious lack of democracy. Back in 2004, I had 200 sites open in Opera. Worked fine on my Pentium II except for closing Opera, which took 15 minutes. Nowadays I use Chrome, Firefox and Safari on two different machines, and they all have multiple open windows each with dozens of open tabs. I'm pretty good at bringing any machine to its knees. My biggest problem was when Safari gave up and decided not to remember what was actually in those tabs. That sucked. Or at least, it felt sucky at the time. I have no idea what was in them either, so I don't really miss them. I suspect it means there's something on the Internet that I haven't read. To me, Americans with III after their name always look like they're pretending to be royalty. Where I live, only monarchs have that (and only after their first name). But some say it better than others. Fortunately this is more than compensated by the extreme rise in wages for CEOs and other high management positions. ACLU does quite a bit more than just support gay marriage, though. If they do a lot of things you think are great, and a few you're meh about, it's still good to donate. The people who donate primarily for the gay marriage fight don't get to earmark their money either. If there was ever any remote chance of me visiting the US, this definitely kills the last remains of it. Please, please fix your country. (Because I really do want to visit. Just not while it's this broken.) Exposing crimes by the government is good, no matter how illegal it is. I agree entirely with the article that Bezos' claim that he'll resist threats of being put through the wringer sound a bit hollow considering he caved to a simple request. Yes, it was perfectly legal for him to pull Wikileaks. However, that fact that he pulled Wikileaks when he didn't have to (there was no court order or anything like it), showed that he isn't the big defender of free press that he claims to be. Wikileaks was publishing on US war crimes and various secret shady dealings by various governments. Illegal or not, it's stuff that needs to be published. Bezos removing it before he was court ordered to, definitely counts against his credibility as a defender of the free press. > may have bought the Washington Post simply because he hated backing down in 2010. Interesting perspective. I hope it's true, but if it is, I'd appreciate if he said so. The US government seems to think the entire world is basically the American Empire. Everybody can handle their local issues as they see fit, but they can't make any demands of the US, no matter how reasonable, and they have to obey any demands from the US, no matter how unreasonable. Only the US, its interests, and (to some extend) its voters count. The US is Rome while we're Gaul. We're fine as long as we accept their supremacy.