How does the U.S. effort in Haiti compare to the U.S. effort in New Orleans? Let's say that I don't want to be safer, and choose to live dangerously. I have no interest in comparing the number of people injured in each. I am not looking at this stage for context. I want to have an absolute comparison - has the U.S. been better organised in their Haiti relief mission than in the New Orleans one. If so, why? Petzold's "Code". That is such a useful phrase. I'd hate to forget it. Here, could you write it down for me on the back of this postage stamp using this banana to write with? Thanks. No. Taking a Masters in maths with the Open University. Usually have at least one language on the go in evening classes. What of those who play for the love of the game? Those who think a good match is one in which everyone enjoyed themselves? Those for whom the score exists only as a by-product of what they see as the point - to have a good time? They're not competitive and they it more fun for everyone else. If that translates into their work, they'd surely be far better employees than hyper-competitives. Indeed. All we care about is the money. Perhaps it's just a bit of fun. I feel it should be pointed out that whilst what you say is probably an accurate depiction, it of course does not make it alright to murder non-combatants. That's not to say that this alleged video will show such things, of course. Just as a point of discussion, history indicates that within a war zone, professionally trained soldiers tend to do better than those relying on BASIC instinct. Isn't that true of everything ever recorded? What point are you making? It is easy for us, yes, but the topic at hand isn't how easy it is for us to watch footage. How easy it is for us to dissect it has no bearing whatsoever on the events themselves. Put another way, how difficult does it have to be for us to see what happened before it's acceptable for us to disagree with the actions taken? Edit: This is a fantastically unpopular comment! Is it my lack of respect for the "Thou shalt not Monday-morning quarterback, no matter how badly the quarterback screwed it up" commandment? :) "This article, IMHO, is written by someone who has no idea how things work just about anywhere that's not the industrialized West" Seems to have a pretty good idea how things work in a factory in China. At the risk of sounding trite and sliding into philosophy, how many people have to do something unacceptable before it becomes acceptable? Unemployed, with just enough to magically pay the rent. Honestly, it took about ten seconds to learn it was on the other side. Is it really that much trouble for people to adapt? It's been less than a day and I don't even notice it's on the other side any more. Yes, there's the argument that people should (and can) put it wherever they like, but seriously, within ten or so instances it's relearned. Ubuntu Linux is in danger of becoming the new windows. Time to move to Plan 9! I don't see that becoming mainstream for at least a year. I thought HN was a hangout for people wanting to start their own business. Edit: Yikes. I guess the truth hurts. :) "If change were always a good thing, and temporary uncomfort good - do you mind if I borrow that office chair of yours and replace it with a different one? If you're still bored, there's this French-layout keyboard I could give you. And - no, don't use it with UK/US layout, that would be boring." These are not good examples. I just use whichever chair is closest to where I want to sit when I want to sit, and I switch between dvorak and qwerty more than once a day without even noticing any more. Likewise, I anticipate, whichever side the close button is on. These are utterly inconsequential changes. I'd be willing to bet that the time I would save each day by having the close button more often nearer to where the mouse pointer is when I need to close a window is swallowed up in a single digressive conversation lasting less than a few minutes. I tried to eat an apple but chipped my tooth on the monitor. A descriptive name doesn't necessarily make it so. DDT was a fantastic invention for combating malaria. Great invention, terrible application thereof. > it's pretty obvious Wikileaks has some biases, particularly anti-war Who exactly does not have an anti-war bias? Mass-murdering psychopaths? Insane dictators? Anyone who likes killing other people? I can't build (for example) a doomsday device that will eliminate all life on Earth. I still think I should be allowed to disagree with the building of one. Alright, let's ignore research because it complicates the matter. Correct doomsday device scenario to "I've never carried out genocide, but I still think I should be able to disagree with it."