FWIW, I'm not dyslexic and still had to read this a couple times before I saw something other than "FartMusic". Also, "frat" is not a positive word in most people's minds. Two good reasons for changing the name before you do anything else. Newbie here. Is there any way to vote down content-free posts? You know that Cuil's dead, right? Only if you stop using fully-justified text first. I tried this. Overnight my feed became unrecognizable — full of posts by bots and (subjectively, of course) awful people. There was no detectable rhyme or reason to the user selection, and the service doesn't appear to employ even basic heuristics to weed out obvious spam. On the bright side, I was able to report more abusive Twitter accounts than I normally do in a month. Such a fine line between refreshing and pointless. Your comment reminds me of the line from Meet the Feebles: "No. That's lousy." I'm not the creator, but perhaps you could offer 1 (or 2!) actionable critiques? For example, you mentioned the navigation path. Where did you get stuck? "And even so, testing just two different designs is rolling the dice rather than exploring feature/design space in search of a new optimum." A/B testing doesn't force you to innovate through radical design changes — you can use it just as easily for incremental improvements. I get it, it's hilarious because some trash cans are cylindrical too. Well done! That's far funnier than noting that it's cylindrical for practical reasons. Not sure if serious? The author believes that brains can't comprehend an unfilled shape as a shape, and instead must effectively parse it from individual lines every time. Is it possible his brain is the problem? That is, is there some subset of people who actually do find it difficult to see unfilled images as shapes? I'm not a fan of "me too"s, but I've been a DreamHost customer since 2001 and use them for smaller sites and may try VPS and/or dedicated with them in the future. I recall one rough patch with them in 2006 ( http://www.dreamhost.com/dreamscape/2006/08/01/anatomy-of-an... ), but I felt like they did a pretty good job of keeping customers informed and so I stuck with them. This is invaluable to hear, thank you! Was this with 1.x or 2.x (which is said to include "performance improvements throughout")? Anybody with 2.x vs. 1.x performance differences to share? This is neat! It also seems worth noting Yahoo's excellent Pure ( http://purecss.io/ ) here, too. It's a tiny bit larger with a few more features, but modular and fairly straightforward to extend. If the creators are watching, I think it'd be interesting to benchmark against the current Respect/Rest. A link that will let you actually read the story: https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&c... Really? I didn't personally find that the extremely simple graphics enhanced my understanding of the short and shallow paragraphs of text. It almost felt like just-pre-Idiocracy media spoon-feeding. Wow, I've never seen this kind of Google search before. I wasn't able to find documentation for it — would someone be kind enough to post a link? Better: Allow undo/history even if it's unserious. I feel like you wouldn't be too pleased if a super-biased Amazon employee posted a similarly anecdata-filled post about Linode. Is it really a smart idea to bad-mouth AWS in a post that really doesn't intersect with what Linode provides in any substantive way? Amazon's desktop app supports batch uploads and downloads, but not sync to/from Amazon Cloud Drive. However, there are 3rd-party options for this: • Arq: https://www.arqbackup.com/ • odrive: https://www.odrive.com/amazon • Synology Cloud Sync: http://www.macdrifter.com/2015/06/synology-cloud-sync-adds-a... We should be embarrassed that they're necessary for some groups to feel safe. As we see in this thread, whether CoC "mean something" or "are needed" aren't absolutes — clearly they are to some, and aren't to others. The key for me is that they're not important to people who don't need them to feel safe, and vice-versa. This is a really great idea. In addition to using existing images, would it be possible to create interesting patterns and textures procedurally using canvas.toDataURL()? > …but probably not paying the mechanical license rates to the authors. Just like Conte's Pomplamoose. Pomplamoose pays mechanical licenses for their covers. "The duo buys mechanical licenses for all of its covers online, which is a quick and easy process." — http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=1257832... Not only that, but they've helped lots of other musicians learn about licensing (via Twitter, on podcasts, etc.), and how to do the right thing. This is a very nice looking CSS stylesheet. Can someone explain what makes this a "framework"? (I did look through the docs, but didn't see the kind of modular or "designed to be built on" philosophy expressed in frameworks like Pure CSS.)