My favorite current series is "The stormlight archive". The world building is very good. I once seen one used in risk evaluation for line of credits From my perspective (not an American, but an Haitian) I think it's based on how much you trust the well meaning of the person behind it. The current social climate is very charged from an outside perspective as privilege is perceived being tied down to ethnicity (For us it is wealth which was correlated to skin color, but not so much nowadays). Our own translation 'nèg' is pretty much synonym to person or dude. and it is widely used. But it does not have much connotation to the actual skin color of the person or his physical appearance. But it is still very uncomfortable to hear the French 'nègre' as this has a widely demeaning connotation (French colonization and slavery). And I think that is why the actual restriction took place. If you're black and say the N word, it is unlikely to be demeaning, but if you're caucasian, there is a lot of past events that is not in your favor. P.S. not a native English speaker. I started using Dropbox paper for these. JIC I need to collaborate on one. I'm always confused by this one. Every hardware company has a monopoly on their stuff. Sony with their PlayStation is a prime example of this. I've never seen anyone says they want to run their own game on it. A lot of people here in my country would say no, that you're wrong. No mobile device for anything, physical presence and cash rule here. Finding good clients is also equally hard 45 minutes is the best for me. Long enough to get in the flow and short enough to not be lost in the flow. I did transition 2 years ago as I got a mac from my job and I was in mobile development. Within a few days I got productive with it although it took more than a year to accept "the mac way". My arch linux was fully customized with i3 and the like. I still miss tiling window manager this day. For me speed reading is more about building a mental model of what I'm currently reading. I was just a reading a light novel (very light reading) and I could skip over entire pages, because when you have that mental scene, skipping pages is like taking off your eyes of a movie for a few moments. You can easily recreate the missing context or read the parts over (akin to asking what you missed). I mostly do this for fiction book, as non-fiction are sometimes too dense to do this. Another trick is to focus on a specific word. Some words I can recognize with the corner of my eyes, I could say. Which means you predict what comes after, and you skip over it and focus on the next word you don't recognize. You go back if what you're predicted don't make sense to what you're currently reading. All of this is just for skimming. I don't read fiction to remember quotes and the likes, so I used it quite a lot there. I can read 2 or 3 books a day that way. While I can remember the majority of the story, I couldn't quote a single part of it. For serious books, I read more carefully, and I revert to subvocalizing, but I'm often done with the sentence with my eyes (using my short term memory) before I even subvocalize the first three words. So it's not really a hindrance, although I have found myself needing to reread a specific part as I otfen speed read over it. Pretty much this. Even if you lock down devices inside your house, they could have friends with looser rules to let them do whatever. It's best to teach them proper behavior than try to enforce them. I only use a few open tabs (3 on my mbp and 4 on my ipad). I only open tab with a specific goal in mind and close it as soon as I’m done. I started with XP with a pentium 2 then move to a pentium 4. It ran perfectly on both. It started even faster than my Linux Mint installation. They were in the start menu. Ads for software and games. There was that candy crush saga game for ages. I do a 6 too. And I can do all kind of imaginary stuff with that red star. Reading a book for me is basically the same as watching a movie. Every scene plays in 3D in my head. Every single scene. Which is why I don't read horror stuff. Too scary. English Tell that to my friends whose main softwares are chrome, office and vlc. Here in Haiti, it’s the electricity issue. If you’re lucky you can get electricity for 6 hour a day. In the middle of the night. That’s why people prefer portable stuff, because you can easily charge them somewhere else (in my native town, there are people that have setup charging stations with batteries and inverter). I once had to learn Perl to implement an algorithm for a proof of concept. It was weird as I was only used to C like programming (and a little bit of assembly) I'm currently using a mac mini 2011 that I got from free from work (it did not support newer xcode and mojave). I'm the only user and have Lychee, Jellyfin, Syncthing on it. Everytime I buy something (usually from Amazon US to Haiti), I had to review several products just to be sure I don't end up with a crap one. You have to buy the expensive one because of the better build quality. I have an two Sennheiser headphones that are still going strong (one is a renewed product) while my friends buying cheaper headphones have already spent more than me. I’d say trying to make a PWA with Push Notifications on iOS. Don’t you think that notifications and all the associated things are what pushing people to iOS? I just export my own website[0] from Bear.app [0]: https://hescaide.me/