Enter Socrates, just asking questions..... (remember that the charges for which he was put to death started with 'corrupting the youth of Athens'). This is both a horribly bad idea for a wide variety of reasons, and to top it off, it won't work, not even in principle. This article is too mild, not exaggerated or a commercial advocacy piece as some commenters assert. I know lot about carbon fiber. I own and run a business designing and hands-on fabricating carbon fiber components and products for aerospace/defense, top motorsports teams, UAV/Drones, sporting goods and more. (started this 12yrs ago after one of the software companies I co-founded sold). I was a competitive cyclist and still Mtn Bike a lot and race occasionally. Obviously, I think carbon components are fantastic. I could make my own, but I do not. Here's why: ENGINEERED MATERIALS: Carbon Fiber composites are an engineered material. This is great because the strength is very specific, and we can put the strength exactly where we need it, and omit the strength -and the weight- where it is not needed. This also means that the materials MUST be properly engineered to yield acceptable performance. This is NOT just fancy plastic or "black aluminum". Get the engineering right, and you have amazing parts that are both stronger and lighter than steel or aluminum. It is not unusual for us to outperform an aluminum product with a 40-50% weight savings and higher strength numbers. BUT, get the engineering wrong, and a carbon part that looks massively overbuilt, thicker and heavier than the equivalent steel part, will fail catastrophically. Moreover, there are THOUSANDS of combinations of grades of carbon fibers and epoxies, all appropriate for different applications, and these must also be properly selected. So, even if you obtain the exact molds used by Specalized to make their frame, without knowing the exact materials and design, it would be very difficult to make a frame that performed properly. FABRICATION PROCESS: The fabrication process is critical. - Everything must be cleaned properly. - Every single one of the hundreds of pieces of carbon fiber must be cut properly, then placed properly in the mold, in the correct sequence, and the correct orientation. - The mold components and compression tools must be placed properly and achieve and maintain the designed pressures. - The heat and cooling cycle must be applied properly. - The demolding must occur properly. - Any post-cure cycling must occur properly. - Any secondary bonding must be prepared and executed properly. Any failure in these hundreds of steps, and the frame will have a flaw that can hurt of kill someone. (not that it necessarily will, but it easily could -- simply consider hitting bumps in a fast descent -- that will be the exact point of maximum load, most likely to cause failure, and now the cyclist is Wyle E. Coyote... not fun). The fabrication process is analogous to having to ship software where we cannot make an error-corrected perfect digital copy, but each new copy must be hand-transcribed before shipping, and of course cannot be destructively tested. How well would you trust bootleg software running your heart pacemaker if it had to be copied the way monks copied bibles in the middle ages? TESTING PROCESS: Both the engineering design and the fabrication process must be subjected to rigorous testing. On the engineering side, even the most sophisticated modeling software needs real-world test validation of even basic parts models, as the number of variables is huge, and an initial design often does not yield the expected results. On the production side, every step of the process must be carefully designed, and verified to accurately and repeatedly produce parts that perform as engineered. BOTTOM LINE: This is obviously just skimming the surface, but the bottom line is that there are hundreds of opportunities for failures to creep in even when trying to do it right, and ridiculous opportunities for counterfeiters to cut corners. And most of them will NOT be readily visible to casual inspection of the product. I could, with my knowledge and access to my own shop, make a pair of carbon fiber handlebars to ride tomorrow. But I wouldn't ride them further than around the parking lot. We'd need to make a big investment in designing then fabricating and testing scores of units before having the confidence to take one for a real ride. But, standing in the shoes of a desperate counterfeiter in China, where ripping-off IP is the ethical norm, and who will be selling parts to unseen and probably despised customers on the other side of the globe, and who probably doesn't understand enough about the engineering pitfalls anyway ... ... sure, just copy some molds, buy any old carbon, and start slapping it in and cooking it, just make sure it looks good. I've seen even legit parts come in from Asia with crazy shortcuts, never mind the counterfeit stuff. I've also personally witnessed those parts causing disasters. As a rider, just seeing this crap coming into the US is truly frightening. Even the legit parts are cause for worry -- are the US guys actually riding herd on the Chinese QC well enough? Probably. The counterfeit or low-market stuff? Forget it -- you literally couldn't pay me enough to ride it anywhere further than across the parking lot. Anyone who considers doing so is really ignorant of the real risks. It's just physics, and physics does not care about you. "carbon reinforce plastic is ultimately just fancy plastic" NO, it isn't. That is a very erroneous and dangerous assumption. Carbon Fiber Composite is an Engineered Material, which is very different from ordinary plastics or metals, in just about every important way. Please see my comment above and do some research, but do not spread this false concept. YW; I just saw the post late, but was really annoyed at the deep ignorance of some of the comments here -- it really demonstrated the problems of very smart and knowledgeable people making judgements outside their area of expertise with insufficient information. Even if it was not read much, I needed to at least add some basic facts to the discussion. Thx for letting me know that it was worth it! Sorry you missed the context. Per the comment, please read my other post which provides a good primer on high level detail and perhaps do some research on Engineered Materials vs Monolithic Materials. I'll also provide a bit more detail here: Monolithic materials, such as ordinary metals or plastics are substantially the same in all directions. You can work with them by getting the basic info on their properties, and then design and cut them from any direction. Other than edge cases pushing the limits where you have to watch for grain effects in some metals, you can cut it and shape it any way you like. In contrast, for engineered materials, at the most basic level, their properties are HIGHLY directional. The cool thing about this is that it means that we can put the strength exactly where it is needed, and omit the strength (and weight) where it is not needed. BUT, this means that these materials MUST be engineered. The designer MUST understand the details of the loads and load paths, and design the material to handle it. The fabricator MUST follow those designs exactly in hundreds of parameters. Otherwise, the part will fail. On the good side, it is not unusual for us to beat the performance of aluminum by 40-50%. On the bad side, it would not be hard to make a carbon part that appears massively overbuilt, heavier and thicker than steel, yet would fail catastrophically. (note that this is just the most basic level, and overlooks issues of the many types and grades of carbon or the hundreds of types of epoxy, chemistries, cure rates, bonding, inserts, etc., and their appropriate application.) Carbon Fiber is most definitely NOT "just fancy plastic" or 'black aluminum', and that assumption is wrong and can be very dangerous. (ironically, I agree with many of your other points, but that assumption really needs to be put to rest) Yes, we do now have far better onboard sensor suites and logging than in decades past. And this can provide incredible amounts of information, and get us closer to the source of issues much faster. Many times, it makes the issue immediately obvious and documented. HOWEVER! Do NOT make assumptions and fool yourself into thinking this is a cure-all. There are many problems that, while the logged sensor data narrows it down and provides clues, it can sometimes either not provide the critical clues, or can even be misleading. Yes, sometimes adding more sensors focused on the issue may help, but not always. Sometimes it is just down to the hard work of finding the peculiar circumstances and interactions that cause previously unknown failure modes. Been there, done that (UAV & motorsport systems), seen lots of very smart & experienced engineers stumped for way longer than you'd expect. Come back in 15 years and say that nobody cares. Unless it is fixed before that time, you'll care then. Spend a couple of decades building, and leading teams to build, great software that creates $millions in value (sales or savings for your co), and get so you really know your way around both the tech and business side of things. Then, when you are really ready to sink your teeth into a new challenge, start to look around ... and discover that because one glance at the experience on your resume reveals that you are fourty-something, you can't even get an interview. Your attitude about "the right ratio" is actually a great example of the discriminatory attitude. I've seen young developers right out of college that are more tired and cynical than any oldster, and I've seen old that care more than some junior and are building the new tech. I've seen up close a company make dozens of hires -mostly friends- and make less progress over the following years than the team of The ENTIRE POINT of not discriminating is to focus on building a team that actually gets work done, not on creating some ephemeral "culture" -- the point is to discover the ACTUAL characteristics of each INDIVIDUAL that you hire, rather than making ASSUMPTIONS about characteristics based on a generic, immutable, and un-predictive characteristic. Culture is an emergent phenomenon. It is not a primary capability to be deliberately managed at the cost of primary capabilities (sure, if culture-related items can be managed to measurably benefit primary capabilities, then definitely do it, but don't have the tail wag the dog). But, if you're just there to grab a bunch of VC money to squander on an extended frat party and do favors for all your bros, and the VCs are stupid enough to toss the funds your way and also think 'culture' is more important than skills, then by all means, party on! OK, so just because it is universally applied, that makes it fair, or smart, and nobody should care? Candidates who are demonstrably better in every dimension related to the productive goals of the company (and probably even better at beer pong and foosball) are denied opportunities for work and income on the basis that they don't look 'like a bro' when going out for a beer? Apply the same to any similar category - blacks, Asians, women, LGBT, etc., etc. If you universally apply the discrimination without fail, it is fair, or smart? What is frightening is this apparent scale of this willful ignorance, based on broad observations that "nobody cares", in a whole generation of supposedly educated and intelligent people. Those that do not know history are condemned to repeat it, and it is evident that basically nobody in this generation paid much attention, especially to history. More importantly, this is demonstrably STUPID, and any VC worth the title should be managing it mercilessly if they want a return, especially considering how many top HN discussions are about how to hire right. Yet, everyone is happy to ignore the fact that the talent pool is being artificially restricted to a small set of marginally-skilled young white frat guys because the so-called "leaders" of these organizations are more comfortable drinking a beer with them -- i.e., "culture"? Meanwhile, entire categories of available talent are left by the wayside. It is pretty clear that all this talk and angst about finding the best talent is bullshit. Since it is so critical to find the right talent, it is no wonder that so many VC funds have returns lower than mutual funds, when they don't even bother to monitor this critical metric of whether their companies are hiring the best bros or the best actual talent. Wow. Just because there is not yet a specific harm to a specific person enumerated to you in a way that you understand and agree with, no one should be annoyed and everyone should just let it happen? There do exist broader harms, and people's behavior can be so egregious that it "offends the sensibilities". Start with the least of, yet most salient of your stated issues: did Theranos divert money from other more deserving startups -- 'AFAYK, no specific one of those dollars was kept from another specific deserving startup familiar to you, so it's OK'? Really? Are you saying that all other startups are similarly dishonest and undeserving, or that because because no one can specifically track it to your satisfaction, no one should be PO'd? Related to your other posts, and as another responder commented, this is not a case of a mere unfinished app with noticeable demand, to which funds and effort are applied until it gets built-out until v1.1 gets rolled out. This is a case where the "app" is a blood test critical to people's lives, determining drug dosages, treatment courses and outcomes, etc. A failure here can really f*$k up someone's life or kill them, not just inconvenience them because the app failed to load and order their dinner. Moreover, this is a case where Theranos clearly must have known that the basic technology DID NOT WORK and COULD NOT BE MADE TO WORK with any reasonable effort. The right thing to do after a suitable amount of R&D is to shut it down and return remaining money to investors. Many startups have done this. Instead, Theranos decided perpetrate a continuing fraud on investors, customers and the public. They used competitor's machines claiming to be using their own machines. This defrauds everyone, pollutes the investing and entrepreneurial ecosystem, and puts patients at risk. (but AFAYK, this is no reason for anyone to be even a bit annoyed...) Worse yet, and this is one of the bases for the govt's CRIMINAL investigation, Theranos was using hordes of UNQUALIFIED technicians running both the test equipment, and they even CONTINUED to do so after being previously warned by the govt. WTF?!? This is the most simple, basic management -- no science or engineering here -- just use some of your $400MM to hire people with the required credentials to perform tests upon which people rely for their health and life. And the CEO then said that she didn't know about it? This is just obviously a culture of fraud and corner-cutting, in which the only thing that mattered was the image. Theranos may indeed have started out as an honest development effort (I hope so). But at some point it obviously became clear internally that the tech did not and would not work. At that point, Theranos decided (explicitly or implicitly) to continue to maintain the facade, and wandered off into fraud. If you don't understand that this kind of behavior violates social and legal norms in many ways, and that people are normally annoyed at these sorts of violations and failures to uphold the norms that bind us together as a society, then I'm not sure anyone could help you. And saying that it is OK to lie, cheat, and steal as long as nobody can articulate a specific harm to a specific person puts you on the outside of society, and not in a good way. OTOH, if you're just trolling, then well played. OK, so we do have a federal agency to monitor this stuff. We also have police. Does this mean that we should not be annoyed when criminals do their crimes, or not be annoyed that we need to be vigilant and protect ourselves against criminals? Of course not -- these federal monitoring agencies/police are a necessary burden, and they only marginally prevent crime -- the crimes still happen, and the agencies/police only come in after to investigate and punish. Meanwhile, people's lives are harmed or ended -- by the criminals -- who act with impunity until caught and punished. Now, are Holmes and the rest of Theranos' mgt criminals? Of course none of us actually know, we have only a preponderance of second-hand evidence from the press and from government actions. If you are saying that we shouldn't trust any of this, that Theranos is really a bunch of upstanding citizens being brought down by a malicious government and press, then say so. Otherwise, if there is a reason to put some trust in the actions of the govt and the press, then we shouldn't be the slightest bit surprised at the anger, schadenfreude, and impatience to have them taken down. IMO, based on the public info, Theranos has become a criminally fraudulent enterprise, and my biggest emotions are anger that they got away with it for so long and impatience at wanting to see them taken down sooner (of course, if it turned out to be a malicious govt and press, then I'd be defending Theranos even more strongly than I now despise them, as a malicious govt and press are an even bigger betrayal of our trust). Re: If they didn't actually do anything illegal and just ran out of money? NO, simply spending down the funds until they are exhausted on a known dead-end project is not fair. At this point, they've had and years of time with unrestricted access to hundreds of millions of dollars for R&D. They will have either 1) a known path forward with a method that can be engineered into a usable solution, or 2) the knowledge that there is no such path in sight or that they are obstructed by physical limits, or 3) neither of these. If 1), they should already be engineering it towards success (and not testing it in the field with unqualified techs). If 2), they should politely shut down and return unspent funds. If 3), then they have and incompetent R&D effort and should also return the unspent funds. Simply continuing to spend down the funds in condition 2 or 3 is at the very least dishonest/fraudlent to the investors (or other entrepreneurs who might access those investment funds), since it is now known that there is no realistic chance for success. OK, I'll bite, with a serious, practical question -- how would I do that this week? Please assume that I have 100 BTC at a particular address or small set of addresses, and I don't like the Chinese mining consortia. How do I actually move my value to a new chain that 1) excludes those mining consortia, 2) preserves my stored value, and 3) preserves my ability to transact with any other valid BTC address? How can I get this done by next week? OK, so the fork would accomplish goal #1, but not #2 or #3. I can have my own brand new BTCv2, but it has no value, unless I can get the majority of other BTC people to come over, and if a serious movement starts, the value on both chains tanks and needs to be rebuilt by trust, and the assumption that no one else tries the same thing. Even when the point of the chain is not to store value, but just data, it seems that we're already losing the ability to track all the old data. Sure I extract a set of the stuff I want and carry on with the new fork, but no one else comes along, their data is lost, so they don't come along. If all I care about is a close network of friends, or perhaps an internal company data store, then fine, but how does one cleanly tear off a chunk of a network that looks like the graph of FB or Twitter? Am I missing something here? Wow, you really think that Roosevelt and Churchill and the societies and they lead were equivalent to those of Hitler, Stalin and Mao? That our democracy, as flawed as it is, is not better than China's one-party, censorship, mobile execution vans? Why have you not moved there yet? Yes, there are are sometimes, even many senseless wars, but that does not mean that all are so. And it certainly does not mean that people who volunteered to fight that war, and those who paid the ultimate price and died in it, don't deserve some honor (and no, honoring them does not mean that we cannot question or adjust belief structures later). The ignorance expressed in your statement is so profound that it is truly frightening, and if many hold it, then our society will not last. Seriously, please learn some actual history (or at least don't spout the ignorance). Or if you don't want to learn history, just examine some current societies that don't have the trust and stability in which you were obviously raised and take for granted. Yes, Stalin and Mao were at least enemies-of-our-enemies in WWII; and immediately after they became our direct enemies in the cold war (in which people died directly and in proxy wars, e.g., Korea, Vietnam). My comment was not about one specific war, but about the general concept that some societies and ways of living are qualitatively and quantitatively better than others, and that people will willingly sign up to fight to preserve those societies, even knowing that being killed is a likely outcome. As a simple quantitative measure, Google "Dictator Death Tolls", and you'll find Hitler in third place variously counted at 17-30 million, Stalin in 2nd at 23-40 million and Mao topping the charts at 60-78 Million -- people killed by their leadership. As much as we complain about the inequities of our governments, every possible complaint utterly pales on contrast to those societies -- at least we can complain, or wear glasses, or be born into an unfavored family without being killed for it. More to the point, when threatened with living under one of those regimes instead of ours, many sane people would eagerly sign up to fight, with full knowledge that they could die. Signing up to fight for such a cause is considered noble far outside the bounds of Christianity cited by the GP, is the furthest thing possible from the "not knowing the consequences" and "following their naive emotions" cited by the GP, and the contempt with which the GP writes of those actions is simply wrong. Excellent question, and the answer is that human memory is generally highly fallible, malleable, and unreliable. We all have the naive impression that memory is somehow like a video recording and we can just access it to find out what happened. Indeed, we all have some very vivid and probably quite accurate memories about some exceptional events, or can recall exactly what page and what part of the page we read some specific item. There area also examples of amazing memory stunts and records, and even memory contests and championships. But we cannot assume that just because we have some very good memories, memory is generally good, indeed, it is mostly pretty bad, especially compared to any kind of recording system. This is supported by several areas of research demonstrating how easy it is to plant fake memories, reshape memories, and get people to be completely convinced that they are describing are exact and real. One area of research is eyewitness testimony, which has pretty much been the standard in courts since courts existed, yet when eyewitness accounts are compared, they almost always come up with a variety of contradictions. There's also been research into the phenomena of "found" or "recovered" memories often used to convict accused child abusers. Again, it turns out that suggestion and guidance on the part of the investigator can create things our or whole cloth, so it must be very carefully guarded against. There's also several other research areas in which this is relevant, but the outcome is pretty consistent -- human memory is generally pretty bad (sorry I haven't got the time to track down the references). I've found that it's best to just treat memory as merely a good hint about what might have happened (or where I might have left that tool or the keys), and then look for actual evidence of what really happened. Of course, everyone should know that Idiocracy is a time-displaced documentary... I've long thought that an even better way would be a strong curve in the capital gains tax structure. Currently, if held ,1yr it counts as ordinary income, >1yr gets cap gains treatment of 28%. Better would be something like the following holding periods and tax rates (obviously a mere sketch subject to tuning): >10yrs = 0 The short end would eliminate the volatility, unfairness and flash-crashes created by submillisecond trading. The encouragement to the longer end would get everyone to think longer-term. The 0% for decade+ holdings would prevent a lot of silliness around inheritance (e.g., you inherit a few shares from your grandfather, and have no records or reasonable way to figure the cost basis, but are required to assert one). Of course, I doubt it would happen because it isn't in the short-term interest of the bankers. >Are you suggesting that the US will initiate nuclear war? Yes, it should be entirely expected in response to such a serious attack, especially since no country would attempt to take out a carrier group outside the context of a much larger war. Consider that 1) the US doctrine does not forbid first use, and 2) that sinking a carrier and a significant part of its group is tantamount to destroying a small city (the population on the carrier alone is over 6000 people), and 3) that taking out a carrier is taking out effectively 10% of our key naval/air capability. In short, it is an extremely serious action, and would be seen by all as "the gloves coming off". Anyone contemplating launching an attack to take out one of our carriers/groups should not be the slightest bit surprised to find a few nuclear warheads detonating at over some of their major bases within a few hours of taking out the carrier. Nor would any observer be surprised at such a response. That said, if an appropriate retaliation could be done without nukes, it probably would be done that way. But, again, the context is likely to be that of a very rapidly escalating war. . . . . (edit, missing words) I see why it seems nuts, but then holding a position for less than a minute seems nuts also. That kind of trading is not primarily providing liquidity, its primarily skimming and front-running. IMO, it should probably be banned. However, I think that providing a 95% tax rate is a lighter touch, and allows people to do it if they can find sufficient profit. I also mentioned being open to tuning the amounts. What rate would you think would be good for such short term trading? Because we need to anticipate conditions in which communications links and space assets (e.g., GPS and comms links) are unavailable. UAVs do not yet have the autonomous intelligence to operate on their own, and even if they do, we haven't yet decided to give robots the decision to kill autonomously. Answer 2 =) we already do, to some degree. E.g., Cruise Missiles have had the ability to navigate on inertial guidance and terrain-following technology for decades, and we use those a lot. But again, a cruise missile can only get programmed for one target, go there, and hit it. A pilot can go to the target area, notice that the target has moved or new conditions exist (e.g., a bunch of children have been moved in as human shields), or notice that new targets of opportunity have popped up, and immediately take appropriate action. And, we're back to the autonomous AI tech is not yet that good (and I'm not sure that we want it to get that good). Sure, the country can defend itself all it wants, but this is war, not Queensbury rules boxing. So, yeah, if we're pummelling the snot out of some small country (Grenada, Venezuela, ???) and they get off a lucky shot with a missile or torpedo that manages to sink one carrier, then a nuclear response would be unwarranted and unlikely, and we'd just see continued conventional operations by the rest of the fleet. But that scenario is so unlikely. But we're realistically talking about an all-out attack on a carrier group with ballistic missiles or nuclear subs, possibly with nuclear warheads. This would only be mounted by a Russia or China. Or possibly Iran trying a swarm attack with thousands of small suicide-boats. This would be in the context of a much larger war and operations. Attacking a carrier group is an undertaking of huge magnitude - a huge escalation in itself, and anyone should expect a serious response from a successful attack. And, keeping open the question of whether that retaliation might be nuclear is also an important deterrent. The context would certainly determine whether or not it actually goes nuclear. E.g., what other resources can be brought to bear, under what threat is the rest of the fleet? E.g., if it was the Chinese ballistic anti-carrier missiles, and we knew exactly where they were and could target them conventionally, we probably would, but if they threatened the rest of the fleet, and the only way to neutralize them was nukes, ... watch out. So, overall, I'm not saying it would necessarily be nuclear, but it certainly wouldn't be surprising if it were. And, if it were, I'd expect that it would be seen as not un-reasonable, because if the US follows its own history, we're very reluctant to launch them. Yes, they have these fantastic capabilities, and they are improving all the time. That said, note that even your example included live updates via comms/satellite links... Consider the scenario where comms and orbital assets are unavailable/unreliable. We still need human pilots. We're working to the day when we won't, but, we're not there yet. (BTW, I'm all for unmanned, and think the F35 is already obsolete, and that humans are the limiting performance factor in esp. fighter aircraft (e.g., limiting it to 10g accelerations, but we're just not there yet for all scenarios, to answer the GP question as to "why not") Ha! Yes, I knew someone whose mom had very good taste (e.g., owned a small art gallery), and often traveled internationally with her husband who had many overseas posts. A large department store hired her on a freelance basis to do buying in Japan and Korea, where she'd scout products and diligently send in reports. Some years later, she somehow found out that they were using her as a reverse buyer -- since she had upper-crust taste, her reports were used as a guide about what NOT do buy for their stores. Kinda sad to see how vendors that should be selecting and creating good stuff are instead actually deliberately selecting & creating crap to market to us. Actually the current "development kit" starts at USD$30,000 http://liquidpiston.com/dev-kit/ It even has disadvantages compared to the Wankel engine, in that the intake and exhaust airflows are through the sides of the engine, so you can't even stack them along the same crankshaft without seriously compromising the airflow and packaging. Also, while it doesn't have the Wankel rotor tip seals and their associated issues, they don't say much about sealing all their other surfaces. This is likely why they replaced the 6.5Hp motor in their demo go-kart with a 3Hp version of their own motor (if it was a real Wankel, they would have used a two- or three-rotor stack and gotten almost the same or more power for ~1/4 the weight, which would have been a good demo. Instead, they look like they're driving a go-kart at about 1/4 throttle. Although they tout weight advantages, their power-weight ratio is actually pretty bad compared to a variety of other engines, including Wankels and two-strokes of similar sizes, e.g., for model airplane power plants.