Fantastic looking. Forked, and going to deal it with myself tomorrow! Also, to anyone who forks this and decides to use, you might want to remove the authors original google analytics! I'm not criticising, I'm only trying to complement what you've already done. The buttons show an underline on Safari on OSX when they're hovered over. I'm working on it now, and will post a link with my fixes later on. Fantastic work, thanks so much! I get that, I was just wondering really. I have no problem with it personaly, I'd rather see ads for stuff I'm actually looking for than singles in my area Not sure how true this is. I'm based in dublin, and there's 40 people in final year engineering, plus about 100 in final year computer science, plus another 30 misc. final year students that will be looking for development positions from one university in Dublin. There's 4 major Irish universities in Dublin, and I'm in the smallest of them, so there's probably 900-1000 grads from CompSci/Software Engineering from just Dublin alone. Add to that the pub standards meetups, where there's regularly 1-200 people there, and I know of plenty of other people that don't travel to the events. There's a large amount of talent in Dublin, and I would imagine all the other cities in Ireland too. I'm an undergraduate Engineering Student. About 16000 undergrads in my University. EDIT: I also know javascript Up in Ireland! I like it. Could we get it emailed to us every day? Pity that blue manilla folder is the same folder as every other folder on mac I don't know why the author is annoyed at this, it's not as if he's paying for the service. that's great. but why doesn't ctrl c do it? I mean it closes everything else on my system, except man pages, vim and some other programs that use less. D2's multiplayer sucked. It wasn't until LOD (a year to the day later) plus patches that the mutliplayer was decent. And I think you're misinformed, I know plenty of people (myself included) that still play D3 and enjoy it. That's not necessarily a European view on abortion. Many countries in Europe are strongly catholic (Ireland, Spain, Italy come to mind), and in some cases, the religious views have affected the laws (read: Ireland). I'm Irish, and abortion is a hotly debated topic; The main people against legalising it are staunchly catholic groups and use this as their basis. Check out kaleidoscope if you've got a few minutes to try out a new tool. Blew P4Merge out of the water for me. And BeyondCompare if you're on windows. Linux; sorry :( I posted above; and someone else said you were on a mac. Check out Kaleidoscope. Surely you can disable the garbage collector for particular segments of code? This is particulary impressive, seeing as it came from Polygon, who are notoriously pro-MS Not quite 100000, but 1000 people are watching one guy play clash of clans right now on twitch: http://www.twitch.tv/directory/game/Clash%20of%20Clans I'm an avid FF user, and also a (relatively) proficient programmer, with skills in python c++ and a little javascript, but I'm terrified of getting involved with something this size. I have no idea where to even begin trying to help! pulling the code right now! Now that you mention it, the first time I logged in on mavericks, I noticed a delay, akin to using msysgit on windows. I did fix this, I think by altering some of the parameters passed to the login command. Breaks a lot of other functionality, but it works. My parents still buy EVERYTHING in brick and mortars. I work in a retail store, selling computers and accessories. People tell me it's dead, I can guarantee you it's not. Maybe when our parents generations are gone, but not until then. I'm not a java developer, but their tools are fantastic. I started using PyCharm about 2 years ago, and nothing else compares. Only complaint I have is that PyCharm's updates aren't as quick as INtelliJ's, so when you guys get the nice features, we have to wait for it in PyCharm land. Its interesting that you mention their ad breaks. For 6 months, I had no idea that spotify operated a premium service whatsoever, until they imposed the 2.5hr limit per week on my account and hit me with more ads. I subscribed immediately. Started with Paint.net, went to Gimp, then to Photoshop and currently jumping between Gimp and Photoshop. Bear in mind, I'm a developer who sometimes has to dabble in graphics. I only use GIMP because I can't afford the license on my home computer, and my university supplies my Photoshop license. While I think gimp has the potential to be great, the UI and workflow is painful in comparison to PS. For instance, take creating a rectangle with a gradient on it (with curved corners), and a border that fades from one color to transparent (thinking a rectangular button here). Photoshop: Choose foreground colour and bg color to be the two points on your gradient. Pick curved rectangle tool. Drag rectangle, and change fill type in the top bar to be radial gradient. Click Stroke, and change fill type to gradient. adjust the color. GIMP. Select the selection tool(why???) Drag the selection to your desired state. Apply a gradient to the stroke by... I don't know actually. then go to slect, and choose rounded rectangle, and choose the border radius (in %??? what the hell sort of measurement is this). Click Ok. Go to edit, and choose stroke selection, and choose stroke with Paint Brush. (This creates an empty border with a stroke around it). Use Gradient fill tool to create the centre of the rounded rectangle, then resize to fit within the border because I can't figure out how to not apply the gradient to the border which is in the selection. In the end, you get the same result. But PS's workflow makes more sense. to draw a rectangle, you use... a rectangle tool. In gimp, you select the shape you want and draw a stroke around your selection. I also find gimps export a pain in the ass. Why can't I click save as, and save as a PNG rather than having to export? It's clunky, and a pain to use. No matter how powerful a tool is, it's useless if the interface is non-intuitive. I know they don't want to go the adobe route, but they may consider taking some inspiration from one of the most researched products in the world.