It shouldn't end at the users ISP. This ties the user to a using a certain ISP, or they have to give up their online identity. You can get cycling direction using http://maps.cloudmade.com , which uses OpenStreetMap data, just like OpenCycleMap. Dual nationality? Try to get a passport for a neutral country like Ireland (all you need is one Irish grandparent)? An NGO passport won't work easily. It's much much too easy to set up a NGO. It's much harder to set up a new country. And if your government is doing things that make it hard for you to travel, then it's up to you to try to fix your government. :P Similar in Ireland. Although 1 month notice is the figure. Usually the notice is specified in the contract. There is a legal minimum of 2 weeks (or more depending on how long the employment has lasted). Although it's in the contract, you are always free to re-negotiate a contract, and if both sides agree, then you have a new contract Just because iTunes is the most popular music store in the USA does not mean that most of the music on iPods in the USA comes from iTunes. This is nonsense. Go to a real third world county and you will see a massive difference between the USA and there. This article claims any country with "a high level of debt, an income distribution concentrated in the top 1% of the population, and an economy based on export of raw materials and import of manufactured products." most of these apply to every country in the world. You should try doing some A/B testing It would be cool if we could bet on this. I know this happens in sports, and there are sites for offering and taking bets on who'll win the US presidential election. Are they open to simple little bets like this? I don't know anything about Bloomberg, and I'm willing to bet that as a niche product aimed at high trained people, it might not be too bad. But I agree in principle with this article. You can see it sometimes in the Linux/FLOSS world. People decry anything that means the average user can use it. "But you should know how to set up networking on the command line!" People like that, they like jumping through hoops. They think sensible defaults are a bad thing. They think you should have to read a 1,000 page manual before doing something simple. Sound like how Ryanair (a Europe airline) work. They are one of the largest airlines in the world. They charge €20 per checked in bag. And since you can't check in online with a bag, you need to pay €20 to use a check in desk. When a flight is advertised for €15, all these extra charges all add up. Of course most people think it's just Ryanair being mean and will complain about how they "were stung for extra charges". However, despite people's complaints, they are by far the lowest prices, and people fly with them. I think Ryanair based a lot of their idea on southwest airlines in the USA. If you are using Ubuntu (or Debian), installing this is even easier. Just install gimp-resynthesizer using aptitude or Ubuntu software centre Yes, Ryanair are very strict with size and number of items. You are only allowed one bag. That includes handbag. Many times I've seen women not allowed on until they get their handbag in their normal bag and both have to fit within the size. I would guess that the empty hold space is left empty. If it's empty they don't use as much fuel. You can see the ryanair full ticket price at the first or second step. It would be impossible to buy a ticket without knowing the price. I suspect the reason ryanair don't like 3rd party sites is because ryanair like pitching hotels and car hire after you buy a ticket. Try both? Wait a few days, see which works better. It's better to have actual evidence for what works for your market You shouldn't have to manually install anything, in my experience. The package manager should take care of things. You should continue to use what is most comfortable for you. The fact that you are already using a DVCS (Distributed Version Control System) already puts you at an advantage to those not using it (e.g. Subversion users). Just relax, and focus on writing your code now. I use HackerNews, a site for finding new content, and discussing things. You can read his blog, or see all the comments he makes on HN. That's what I've been doing, and it's quite insightful But 90% of anything is crap ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sturgeons_Law Sturgeon's Law). 90% of the internet is crap, etc. Hugin is great. It has a 'wizard mode' that makes it really easy to use. You just select the images you want to stitch together and it will automatically find out how to join them, and blend the edges together. Remember, you can use "gimp-resynthesizer" to fill in the edges. Here are some panoramas I've made with Hugin http://www.flickr.com/photos/rorymccann/tags/panorama I think, what patrick meant to say is that, his stats code was correct. It really was costing $30. He just didn't want to believe it at first. Erk, wine and using the windows library seems like a headache... I like this idea, and I like python. Can I rely on non-technical users having python and wxwidgets installed? or is there some way to bundle everything together? You're an inspiration to me. Quicky: From reading your blog, I see you had a desktop programme in java at the start. Do you still have a desktop programme now, or is it all web based? If you have a desktop programme, do you have any advice on choice of language so that non-techies can download and run with as little fuss?