I'd argue the opposite. I find nginx config much more flexible, and compact. http://www.rkblog.rk.edu.pl/w/p/hosting-django-under-nginx-s... Doesn't look bad at all. ~10 required lines, all of which are just telling nginx how to call wsgi and what params to pass. Very similar to the apache config to do the exact same thing. 16 digits of precision != 16 digits of accuracy. COBOL? What if there was something like a git deploy command? Basically, when you don't actually care about git functionality on the remote (production/staging) end, that would actually change the remote files. (Yes, I know it can be done with a hook, but that's more of a power user solution, and it's still extra work to setup) Does the font rendering seem very different to anyone else? Using the same font (Anonymous Pro 14pt), I had to increase the vertical spacing from 1.0 (as it was in iTerm) to ~1.18 to get the same spacing. Bold is rendered differently (worse) too. It does seem quite a bit snappier on my old G5 though. Comparison shot: iTerm on the left, iterm2 on right: http://i.imgur.com/9yA8y.png At a glance, quite possibly. It's entirely possible that it's one of those 'tiny changes that bugs you' sort of things. When you look at a font rendered in an exact way for 6 or so years, slight changes just look really...off. Wouldn't it be optimal to make the reward inversely proportional to the number of snakes turned in? That way as the population goes down, snakes become harder to catch, thus more valuable dead than alive. It also makes "farming" a negative pressure, since it decreases the reward per unit. Remember we don't have VAT here, so that's what, a 25%, 30% difference right there? Most of the stuff that makes nginx work/fast aren't available on Windows. A lot of it is pretty much reliant on a unix api. That said, spotify's baseline is -q5 Ogg Vorbis (true VBR at an average of around 160kps), not 128k MP3. Huge difference. VBR mode is a huge win for an codec, and Vorbis in general is less "obvious" than MP3. In particular, drums aren't a dead giveaway that the file is compressed, unlike any MP3 For example, let's say you've got a string like 4|1|45|343|22. You want to return a string with the last three numbers, but seperated by a comma and a space. In PHP: $arr = explode('|',$str); $last_three = array_slice($arr, -3); return implode(", ",$last_three); In Python: return ', '.join(str.split('|')[-3:]) Small conciseness improvements snowball as the codebase gets larger. In fact, being unable to chain functions in PHP is actually my biggest beef with the language. If you could do return implode(', ',array_slice(explode('|',$str),-3)); that'd be a lot less annoying. Still not as good as the python, but a lot closer. Urm, no. There's lots to like about Drupal, but clean code isn't one of theme. I mean, it's not PHPNuke, but clear and logical it ain't. I'm saying that as lead dev on a drupal site that pushes pretty heavy traffic and has thousands of man hours in it. That's where I'd risk to me. For one, the combat theme is going to instantly turn off at least half the females, and a chunk of the males also. It just doesn't have the same appeal. I'm calling BS on this. LOTS of python gets used in places you don't expect. I've had backend stuff running in python for years. That's not really it. This, at least in my understanding, is a fully generic optimization, of operations on constant strings. Frankly, no. Just no. The REASON PHP needs a page per function is the sheer number of poorly handled edge cases, version incompatibilities, and gotchas. One thing to point out, based on my experience, is that you need about 10x or more peak throughput to handle a given average throughput. Spikes kill you. Your average GM is also not Gary Kasparov. The difference between a typical GM and one of the handful of elites is pretty astounding. I don't really think that's desirable. Trying to make a document database pretend it's a relational database may work "ok" for simple things, but when you have code that expects to do things that practical in SQL (think: joins, etc) it'll all end in tears. 3rded. A major version bump should indicate major changes e.g. time to go through any code that talks to the server. If they just want to have a number that grows, they should do something like vRELEASE.MINOR. That would be sane. It would also NOT mean "all gems/app just work with it", which is what GP said.